18(30.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
ject, and having merely stated the general purpose
which has been entertained, growing out of the
necessity of reforming past abuses, I now address
this Congress, and bring their attention to this
same consideration. I will read now the first ot
these resolutions:
Resolved, That eo much of the resolution of the House
of Representatives, passed May 17,1858, as relates to the
compensation of the Doorkeeper of this House and his em-
ployes, is hereby rescinded and declared inoperative from
the date of its passage, so far as the same conflicts with
the joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress, passed
July 20,1854.
Now, the resolution of May 17, 1858, is valid,
or it is not. If it is valid, we cannot set it aside
without having good reason for it. Ifit be invalid,-
if we cannot act upon the joint resolution of 1854,
why this effort, at this time?
Mr. SPINNER. I will answer the question.
I have already stated that the committee consid-
ered the resolution directory upon the committee;
and not choosing to disregard the order of the
House, though illegal, they desire that it should
be repealed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then the commit-
tee are more obedient to law than the servants we
employ.
But I have come back to the argument of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
He says the resolution is a nullity. If so, then I
ask why these employes have not received the
compensation provided lay the joint resolution of
1854,? Every lawyer knows, and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania knows well, that it is perfect-
ly idle to pass this resolution if it does not ob-
struct the action of the joint resolution of 1854.
Why pass it? There must be some reason for it.
We do not do a vain and idle thing. Why, I say,
pass it ? That is the question. The gentleman
[Mr. Stevens] has the reputation of being one
of the first lawyers in Pennsylvania—and I do
not say it in a mere complimentary sense 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will sim-
ply say that the Committee of Accounts feels em-
barrassed by the resolution of May, 1858, consid-
ering it directory, but not binding; and they desire
to be left free to act under the existing laws.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 am one of the Committee of
Accounts, and I desire to explain one point.
These individuals who arc now asking pay are
entitled to the pay they ask. This resolution
only relieves the committee from the embarrass-
ment they feel from the directory resolution of
May, 3858. . Now the joint resolution of 1854
cannot be repealed by a simple resolution of this
House. The persons now asking pay entered
upon their employment during the last Congress
under the joint resolution of Congress, and they
are now before the committee asking pay under
that joint resolution. The committee are of opin-
ion that they are entitled to that pay; but inas-
much as this House passed a resolution which
the committee regards as directory to them, tliey
ask that it shall be removed in order that tliey
may be relieved from that embarrassment. The
resolution does not apply to the present employes
atall. This is another Congress; and I apprehend
no lawyer will maintain for a moment, that a res-
olution of the last Congress can bind this House
or its employes against law and against a joint
resolution of both Houses, passed by them and
signed by the President of the United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The joint resolution
would undoubtedly control the compensation due
to the employes of this House in the absence of
any action of this House. If we said nothing
upon the subject, the joint resolution would be
the measure of compensation. I repeat, and I
desire to have it remembered, that, in the absence
of any action of this House, the joint resolution
would be the measure of the compensation to
which our servants would be entitled. But, sir,
I say here, in the face of this House and the coun-
try, that whea this House chooses to employ per-
sons at a specified price, and persons come into
our employ under that agreement—both parties
having conferred—both parties are bound by the
plainest principles of common sense, common law,
and equity. A joint resolution is passed fixing
the compensation of the employes of this House
before the House employs anybody* saying to
them that, in the absence of our action, they shall
be entitled to such and such compensation. But
we say to them, when we employ them, that the
compensation thus fixed being too high, we will
not employ them unless they agree to serve us at
specified compensation less than that fixed by the
joint resolution. Are they not bound by that
agreement? We elect a Doorkeeper. The law,
as it stands, in the absence of any specification
upon our part, fixes his compensation; but we
say to him, that if he chooses to acceptan election
at our hands, we will not pay this high price, but
we will pay him a certain sum, and no more. Can
it, upon any received legal principle known to
man, be said that the agreement is not a compact
which can be enforced? I ask the question: what
lawyer will say that if two persons make a con-
tract to do work for a specific sum, tjiat the agree-
ment is not to be enforced as between them ?
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the gentleman from
New York whether the.resolution of the House,
which interferes with the joint resolution, was
passed before the employes of the last session
were employed ? Or was it passed during their
service? If it was passed before they were em-
ployed, they entered into their employment with
their eyes open. If it was passed after they were
employed, then the question arises whether a
resolution of this House can override the joint
resolution of the two Houses. I say it cannot.
I want to know these facts before I am called
upon to vote, because, though I voted against the
joint resolution, I believe it is binding upon this
"House, and the employes are entitled to the pay
they claim.
Mr. SPINNER. The resolution of this House
was not passed until nearly six months after these
persons came into the employ of the House.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. There is some adroit-
ness, to be sure, in the discrimination drawn by
the gentleman from Alabama, but the utmost ex-
tent to which his exception can go is to a period
anterior to the passage of the resolution of May,
1858. Bear in mind, that when we elect a Door-
keeper, or any other officer of this House, we elect
him at the pleasure of the House. We can dis-
miss him at any moment. If we declare that we
will not continue the rate of compensation we
have before paid, that we will pay a certain speci-
fied sum and no more, and that officer continues
in our service, he is bound by that determination
as completely as though the entire resolution had
been passed before he commenced his service at
all.
Mr. COX. I desire to know if the gentleman
considers the joint resolution as having anyeffect
upon this House?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have stated that
the joint resolution covers the case in the absence
of any other action by the House.
Mr. COX. Is the joint resolution still in force?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I say it is, so far
as the employes of this House are concerned, un-
less it is interfered with by a resolution of this
House.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will remember that,
at the last session of Congress, the Committee oi
Accounts brought in a bill to reconstruct this
whole matter, and, by the joint action of the two
Houses and the signature of the President, to re-
form this matter, and to repeal the joint resolu-
tion. That bill never passed. That was the
proper way to remedy these abuses. I ask the
gentleman from Virginia whether that was not
the only way in which we could get rid of the
effect of that joint resolution ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. One of the faults
that exist in the dispatch of business here is the
lack of attention of members to each other. I said
that the joint resolution of 1854 fixed the rate of
compensation of the servants of the two Houses,
when there was no action by either House upon
the subject. It furnished the basis here for the
action of this resolution, and I recognize it as in
force, in the absence of any specific action on the
part of either House.
Mr. COX. Do I understand my friend to ad-
mit that the joint resolution is now in effect? and
if so, then I ask him, which is the superior, the
joint resolution or the resolution of this House :
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Ohio give me his attention for one moment?
Mr. COX. Well, I want you to answer me
that question, and to satisfy me on that point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will answer it.
Mr. COX. Very well.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I said, and I say
again, that, in the absence of any action by either
House upon the subject of compensation, the joint
resolution is in force. That joint resolution is,in
force now, and ia paramount, of course, as a
measure of joint action. But-1 say this, and 1
repeat it, that when either House undertakes to
act upon the subject, and says to a man, when it
employs him, " We employ you, but we will give
you so much, and no more;" and when that man
agrees to take the remuneration specified, I say it
is a contract reciprocal in character, and mutu-
ally binding on both. That is what I say.
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 desire to suggest one thing;
to the gentleman from Virginia, ft is this.- these
officers were appointed upon the joint resolution,'
with the understanding that they were to get pay
as fixed in that joint resolution; and it was after
they were appointed that the House passed that
resolution.
Mr. RUFFIN. And they accepted the pay as
fixed in that resolution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Virginia permit me ?
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia.' Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
want to know whether the gentlemail contends
that, after the Doorkeeper for the last Congress
was elected, and elected for the whole Congress,
he could be considered as displaced by implica-
tion by that resolution of the House ?
Mr. COX. I want to ask my distingui^jied
friend from Virginia one question more 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let me answer one
at a time, if you please. [Laughter.] I want the
attention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
of the gentleman from Ohio, and I will answer
both. Now, I repeat this question. You know-
that the law in many of the States—in Virginia,
in Ohio, in New York, and others—fixes the rate
of compensation for the use of money. Well,
gentlemen listen—I do not wish to be asked an-
other question. [Laughter.] I say, the law in
Ohio, as it does also m Virginia, fixes the rate of
interest at six per cent.; in New York,! believe,
it is fixed at the rate of seven per cent. Now,
while that is the law, cannot parties, I ask, in an
agreement between themselves, agree to take five
per cent.? Now, I put that question. I ask,
would not such contract be valid?
Mr. COX. There is no analogy whatever be-
tween such a case and this. I think I will con-
vince my distinguished friend that he is mistaken.
He says that the House, by its separate action,
can repeal the joint resolution. He must; also,
by the same argument, say that the Senate, by
its separate action, could also repeal this joint
resolution. Now, if so, what is left to President
Buchanan to do, in carrying this legislation into
effect ?
' Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Ohio bear in mind that I concede the joint
resolution of 1854 to be in force in the absence of
all action? But I ask the gentleman, and I ask
the House, with confidence, whether, while- this
is to furnish the rule of compensation for our ser-
vants in the absence of any specific action of either
House, this House by itself, or the Senate by
itself, cannot enter into a new compact with the
servants whom they choose to employ ?
Mr. SPINNER. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia permit me to ask him one question?
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Certainly.
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia whether, if he considers the resolution of the
, last House as not binding upon this7the effect
would not be, that the present employes would
get the old compensation, while the old ones
would be cut off?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would consider
the j.oin t resolution as binding until it was repealed,
and I am a little surprised 
Mr. SPINNER. I mean the resolution of this
House.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. 1 am speaking of
the resolution of this House.
Mr. SPINNER. You said the joint resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I say that when this
House fixed the rate of compensation 
Mr. SPINNER. Against the law ?
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I deny that it is
against the law. I say X may agree, while the
legal rate of interest is fixed at six per cent., to
give but five per cent.
Mr. SPINNER. But if you bargain for sis
per cent, can you cut it down to two?
