1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly, if we
bargain and agree to do so; it is done every day
in New York.
Mr. ASHMORE. Will the gentleman from
Virginia permit me?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I rise to a question of
order. I insist that the gentleman from Virginia
be allowed to go on and conclude his speech, and
that we rote upon the question. I am opposed to
these interruptions; they are out of order. I think
that there are not twenty members in this House
who will not support this report of the committee.
1 am glad that this is the state of sentiment in
this House, and I hope that the gentleman from
Virginia will be permitted to conclude his remarks.
Mr. ASHMORE. I would have been through
by this time if I had been allowed to go on." I
ask the gentleman from Virginia how he gets over
the Constitution here in reference to this question
of law. I will read'the clause of the Constitution:
" Every order, resolution, or vote, to which the concur-
rence of the Senate or the House of Representatives may
be necessary, (except on a question of adjournment,) shall
be presented to the President of the United States before
the same shall take effect, and shall be approved by him; or,
being disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds
of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to
the rules of limitation prescribed in the case of a bill."
In 1854 a joint resolution was passed, receiving
the signature of the President. It was not vetoed,
and consequently not returned for a two-thirds i
vote; but became a fixed constitutional law, and
irrepealable but by the joint action of this House
and of the Senate. This House, at its last ses-
sion, undertook to render that resolution nuga-
tory and void, and of no effect, by passing a res-
olution which would affect the pay of many of its
employes. This was not only a violation of the
law, in my judgment, but it also makes a very
serious and unjust discrimination between the
employes of this House and those of the Senate;
and that is what this House has no right to do,
unless the Senate will unite with them in the re-
peal of the act of 1854, which, I assume, the Sen-
ate will most decidedly refuse to do.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose, Mr.
Speaker, it is not necessary for me to elaborate
this question further. But [ will repeat, and I
trust that I will be understood; and whether I am
right, or whether I am wrong in my position, I
shall at all events have common sense to back me.
There is a law which regulates the compensation
of the employes of the two Houses in the absence
of any particular agreement; and if nothing is said
by either House, then that law would be the rule
of compensation. Well, sir, I agree to that part.
Now comes the question. 1 repeat it, that this
House and the Senate may either, of themselves,
deal with their employes,- and enter new stipula-
tions for modified compensation. 1 say, sir, that
it is just as much a right to enter into a compact
of that sort, not interfering with the law, as it is
for two parties to agree to take less than the in-
terest, which the law says shall be paid, where
nothing is said about it. That is what I say upon
that subject; and I say that there is not a plain
man in the country who will not look at this joint
resolution as simply intending to make a rule of
compensation in the absence of the specific action
of either House, and as not designed to diminish
the rights and powers of this House to deal with
its servants, and to fix a modified rule of com-
pensation.
I have' said thus much on that resolution. I un-
derstand the gentleman from New York to take
the ground that this resolution, that he seeks to
repeal, does not bind this House. These great j
reformers, these great economists, the men who I
are to watch over the Treasury, are already be-
ginning to open the sluices to let the Treasury )
flow out. Yes, sir, this retrenching gentleman, j
the chairman of the Committee of Accounts", has
already made up his mind that, although he asks
that the resolution of the last Congress shall be
repealed, he, as one of the committee, will pass the
accounts of the officers of the House under the
joint resolution of 1854. Here are these econo-
mists commencing a system of extravagance at
once. I call attention to it; and leave it to the gen-
tleman from New York to deal with the question
as he may see fit.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
to say that, although we are for economy, we do
not mean to steal to fill the Treasury.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia". The gentleman, I
suppose, thinks.it necessary continually to talk
about his honesty; otherwise it might not be
remembered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I never
spoke of my honesty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. You boast of not
stealing.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman and I had better not talk of these small
things. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Gentlemen are per-
fectly willing to pay these liberal rates of com-
pensation in order to pamper persons around this
Hall. That is it.
I will not dwell upon that subject, but will
now proceed to the next resolution. It is as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That as much of said resolution as limits tlie
number of pages to twelve, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed 
Why repealed ? I ask the question.
Mr. SPINNER. I will answer it. In the old
Hall we had twenty pages, though everything
there was compact, and the committee-rooms close
around the House; but now they are scattered
about, and the Senate is far from us, and we only
ask that the same number may be appointed that
we had then.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I expected
that these economists would begin to make us
wait upon ourselves, pretty much. In the last
Congress twelve pages were thought to be sufficient
to perform the necessary duties that members called
upon them to perform in this Hall. The gentleman
will recollect that when that number was fixed
it was after this Hall was occupied, or in view of
its occupation.
I say, then, that here we see a beginning of that
"economy" whien works backwards. But I
have yet to learn that twelve pages are not suffi-
cient. I say that they are amply sufficient; and
that even twelve pages are unnecessary. They
are in each other's way frequently. Twelve,
however, is an abundance, at any rate. Let this
House commence its career of reform by doing a
little for themselves, and at least trying the num-
ber of pages that a former Congress—a Demo-
cratic Congress—fixed as sufficient.
Mr. SPINNER. They paid twenty pages.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, if they did,
they did no more than you are attempting to do
now.
Mr. BLAKE. The gentleman from Virginia
seems to be mide/ a misapprehension in regard to
this whole matter. The pay sought now to be
given to these employes, is to employes of the
last Congress—men who went to work under
the joint resolution passed by both Houses of
Congress; and the pages who are now asking for
their pay are pages who were employed, by the
Democratic Doorkeeper of the last Congress; and
so clearly just did their claim appear to the Com-
mittee of Accounts, that they unanimously agreed
that they ought to have their pay. So much for
economy.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to ask the gentleman
if it is not a fact, that after the resolution which
has been referred to, specifying the number of
these employes and fixing their pay, was passed
by the last House-, the appointments were made
anew, and were accepted with the compensation
fixed by that resolution?
Mr. BLAKE. I am unable to inform the gen-
tleman.
Mr. RUFFIN". I can inform the gentleman
that that is the fact, and he will find it so if he
will investigate the matter.
Mr. BLAKE. I wish to say to the gentleman
that those men who were employed under the
joint resolution during the last Congress, are now
before the Committee of Accounts, asking their
pay; and so clear and just did their claim appear
to the mind of every gentleman who had given
the subject consideration, that the committee
unanimously agreed that they ought to have their
pay.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. That tiling has been
said so often that I suppose the House certainly
understands it now; but it is very singular that
gentlemen occupying the position of the majority
of the Committee of Accounts should have a live-
lier appreciation of justice to Democrats than
Democrats themselves hav®.
The resolution goes on:
And that the Doorkeeper be authorized, from time to
time, to employ, under the direction of the Committee of
Accounts, not exceeding twenty pages, between the ages
of ton and sixteen years, at a compensation of ^2 a day for
each, during the session of Congress.
How many pages are there here now ? They
have not waited for the adoption of this resolu-
tion. No, sir; there are at least twenty on this
floor now, I have no question; at least twenty.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Accounts ?
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Certainly.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The second resolution
offered by the chairman of the Committee of
Accounts provides for an additional number of
employes under the Doorkeeper—an additional
number of pages. I would like to ask the gentle-
man if he can tell how many employes there are
now under the control of the Doorkeeper of the
House ?
Mr. SPINNER. I cannot.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask if he can tell how
many employes there are under the Clerk, under
the Sergeant-at-Arms, or under the authority of
any officer connected with the House of Repre-
sentatives ?
Mr. SPINNER. I oannot.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I presumed that he could
not, and I apprehend that there is not a member
upon the floor of this House who can get-up in
his place now and state how many employes there
are in the various departments of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. SPINNER. Theinformation is within the
reach of every gentleman, and can be obtained in
five minutes.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I doubt it. I question
whether a man could in one day ascertain the
number of employffs under the various officers of
this House.
Mr. SPINNER. I want to say one thing to
the gentleman. I have looked into this matter, and
I find that the pay of employes ameunts to but
§300 for each member of the House, while it is
over a thousand dollars in the Senate.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I want to say that the
number of persons employed under the different
officers of the House of Representatives is one
hundred and twenty-three. One hundred and
twenty-three persons are absolutely employed in
the various offices of the House, excluding the
number in the folding-room below; and before I
resume my seat, I will state the number employed
in each department.
In the Clerk's office there are forty-six. The
Sergeant-at-Arms has four. The Postmaster of
the House has ten. The Doorkeeper has now,
with the number of pages at twelve, forty-eight
persons under his control.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Georgia, whether that number in the Clerk's
office, does not include those called "land clerks"
who are not properly connected with the service
of the House ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir. And then there
are fourteen clerks to committees, making in all
one hundred and twenty-three besides those en-
gaged in the folding-room.
Now, I for one, never will vote for the second
resolution, reported by the Committee of Ac-
counts, for the reason that I think they have em-
ployes enough. I thank the gentleman from
Virginia for yielding me the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from New York says that the expenses are over,
three hundred dollars apiece, and that it is not as
much as in the Senate. Do I understand that
gentleman, then, as inching up to the standard of
the Senate ? Does he wish to put the expenses of
the House upon that high standard? The gentle-
man says not at all. ♦
Mr. SPINNER. Gentlemen on the other side
of the House have instituted comparisons between
the two political parties, and it was for that rea-
son I made reference to the Senate. Every one
knows which party has the control of that body,
and which of this.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Now, Mr. Speaker,
so far as these little boys are concerned, I know
exactly how they are got upon this floor. Mem-
bers of the House are in the habit of getting them
permission to run upon the floor, and they are
