74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
ernment of Virginia is no government at all, but
a combination of piratical men. [Laughter and
applause.]
Now, do you suppose that any Republican does
not understand the attitude of Governor Seward
on this question? Does anybody believe that
Governor Seward does not understand the Con-
stitution? When he said freedom, as he calls it,
would invade Virginia and Maryland, does any-
body suppose that he had the slightest idea, as
he spoke to a listening Senate, that there would
be an armed invasion ? Certainly not. I do not
come here to defend Governor Seward—he will
soon be with us to do that much better than I
can. I am not his attorney-at-law; but I do not
know how soon I shall be charged myself with
complicity with John Brown. [Laughter.] I
think, therefore, that a selfish motive operates
with me at this time. These men, to whom I
have referred, are of a different school of politi-
cians, known in the North and the "West as Gar-
rison Abolitionists. They denounce the Repub-
lican party everywhere that they can be heard at
all. 1 have been told that the very next day to
that upon which I heard the lecture to which I
have adverted, the lecturer started into a neigh-
boring State, the State of New Jersey, and he
was requested not to deliver his lecture there.
They told him that they are in favor of freedom
of speech, but that he might go out of the house
and speak it, for that they were unwilling he
should speak in it. For that lecture he substituted
one which had nothing to do with Black Repub-
licanism, or anything el.se political—the lecture
on "The Lost Arts." [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. Clerk, how does it happen that we have to
decide the question debated on both sides of this
House? We can, in our present state of disor-
ganization, do nothing except exasperate those
gentlemen who are supposed to have tender sen-
sibilities. For myself, 1 think that I am of the
best nature, and with as large allowance of Chris-
tian charity as any other man. [Laughter.] I
take it into the account all the time thatgentlemen
are in earnest, and I shall always listen with pa-
tience and good temper to men m earnest. I admit
that there have been Home demonstrations—at
least I take the newspaper accounts as true—in
various places North, with respect to (lie death of
John Brown, I cannot account for them. 1 have
tried to find some philosophical reasoning for any
man (except his family relations) going into
mourning for the unhappy death of John Brown,
it must be attributed to an intellectual cholera—for
ihere are intellectual as well as physical epidemics.
I have seen it in politics and religion. One of
these epidemics has gone over the country. In
Cleveland it is said some have draped their houses
in mourning for the death of John Brown.
[t will always be the case with mankind while
we continue to be afraid of death, In all the crim-
inal codes of the country, with all of our courage
and bravery, we put down death as being the
worst punishment we can inflict upon man. From
that our philosophy would infer that we were
afraid of it. When you can take no better se-
curity of a man, you take the security of the grave.
When you arc afraid to let a man live in society,
you number him among the dead. John Brown
met death like a bold, brave man. Governor
Wise said that he was a sincere man; and Gov-
ernor Wise said, further, that he would trust his
woid for anything. I do not wish to misrepresent.
1 hope sonv one will correct me if 1 mistake.
Governor Wis^ said that he was the gamest
man he ever saw. Now, men will admire that
characterise in anybody. We admire it in the
game cork and in ihe bull doa, and why not m
our own hum 'mt}0 It is a tiling that we do not
see evry day. We n^v.-r give hall* til'" ci\ dit to
the man who, upon n battle-field, circumvents
his enemy by strategy that w do to the man
who secures his object by knocking the brains
out of fifty or a hundied thousand nvn. John
Brown hail courpge; bu! I do not think that any
sound man would have attempted what he did.
Certainly, no man who could reason well would
have done so. Whether or not he could be con-
sidered njsane according to your medical juris-
prudence i.s tinothei question. 1 believe, however,
the best course was to hang him. I think he said
so himself. [Laughter.] I think he said that he
was worth more for hanging purposes than any
other. [Renewed laughter.]
These men of the Garrison school take up the
statements of Governor Wise, that John Brown
was the bravest man in the world—that he was
truthful and honest—and then allege that for so
great a man Virginia only had a gallews. That
is the way in which those self-deceived, and 1
dare say very sincere men, will pervert the
plainest truth. They never tell their audiences
that this brave man, this sincere man, this man
who always told the truth, found no better em-
ployment for such great attributes than that of
cutting throats. A very brave man may commit
murder, and a man who never lied might get upa
rebellion, and a man may be very sincere who is
half crazy, but men who understand the organiza-
tion of society well know that man, in his very best
estate, cannot be turned loose without law.
But is it possible that any intelligent gentleman
of the South, or any intelligent community in the
South, can believe that nine millions of men in
the West—a great maj ori ty of them Republicans—
and all the Yankees of New England, or any con-
siderable number of them, had any knowledge of
that miserable riot which took place—for it was
a riot, and nothing else—in which seventeen poor,
weak, if not wicked, white men, and five negroes
were engaged?
Again, suppose that fifteen or twenty armed
men had come over from the State of Kentucky
into the State of Ohio, to seize, rob, and plunder
the city of Cincinnati, should we in Ohio charge
the State of Kentucky with having sent those
men there, for the purpose of plundering a free
State? If not, then I beg gentlemen of the South
to dismiss from their minds this idea of Northern
complicity in the affair of Harper's Ferry.
After having settled that matter, what would
you think of us if we should charge that you
sent Helper among us? He came from the State
of North Carolina, and I believe it is stated and
believed by some hereabouts that lie is not a
man of good character. I know nothing of him
or his book, though it has been in my trunk
three weeks. A man handed me the book in
the city of New York. I asked him what it
was. He told me it was a book showing the
comparative value of free and of slave labor—(he
very thing I wanted to see. I care little about the
question as a practical one, but as a question of
political economy it might figure in the vast
amount of knowledge we all have upon that sub-
ject. [Laughter.] That man came from North
Carolina. Ought we not to make war upon North
Carolina for allowing that fellow to come among
us and publish a book containing doctrines of an
incendiary character?
A Voice, from the Democratic side. Who pub-
lished it ?
Mr. CORWIN. I do not know; I imagine the
press might be much better employed in publish-
ing our speerhe? made here, though, if I maybe
permitted to sav so here, 1 think that would be
rather poor business. I had the pleasure of in-
troducing my colleague [Mr. Sherman] as a can-
didate for the office of Speaker. 1 knew he was
charged with indorsing that book. I looked into
" Chitty on Bills" to see how far he might be
liable. [Laughter.] I did not know but I might
beheld liable as second indorser. [Renewed laugh-
ter.] Chatty tells us about the liability of indorsers
of bills of exchange, but he does not touch upon
the indorsement of books. You all know that
gentlemen who are honored with a seat in Con-
gress are supposed to have a remarkable taste for
literature, and o gentleman handed me this book;
but the book had little in it besides dry tables of
statistics, and hence I dismissed it without know-
ing anything about it. Had it related to pohte
literature, and not followed in the footsteps of
Adam Smith, these gentlemen would have read it
before th'y indorsed it. They did not; and so
they did not know what they did. " Father for-
Qive them, for they knew not what they did."
[Laughter.] I know nothing about the contents
of the book, beyond the extracts which were pre-
sented to the House yesterday by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Claric.1 Helper drifted
forth from North Carolina into New York, where
a great many curious things are done; but I do
not believe that book will change the opinion of
a single man, womiin, or child m relation to sla-
very.
Now, is there any man in the world who, pass-
ing through the country, would not select his
tavern without regard to his politics, or slavery,
or anything of that kind? Yet such, I believe,
are the ways in which this book proposes to
abolish slavery in the States. If any man goes
to New Orleans, does he not stop at that house
where there is the best fare ? [Laughter.] And
is this Union to be overturned because one man
advises another not to eat his dinner at a par-
ticular tavern ? The eloquent gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] who spoke with
such fervid eloquence yesterday, believes our
Constitution, our temple of liberty, can be rent
"from turret to foundation stone," to use his
own language, by Helper's book or any book.
If it can be done that way, better go to work and
pull it down ourselves, and go home. A very re-
ligious man and a great ruler in a period of great
peril, was told that a Quaker had written a
pamphlet against his Government. He asked
"what does ho say in it?" "He denounces you
for being ainan ofbloodand war." "Very well,"
said the great Protector; "if my Government can-
not stand paper bullets, let it fall." Oliver Crom-
well was a man who always "looked to the
Lord," to use his own words, but nevertheless
advised his people to "keep their powder dry;"
showing that, while he had great confidence in
the great Ruler of the Universe, he had a ccrtain
confidence also in charcoal and saltpeter, when
it was kept dry.
I do not think, as the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Nelson] said yesterday, that this book
ought to be dignified with the notice it has got.
Certainly, if any man in this House would will-
fully and deliberately set down and pen such a .
book for the instruction of mankind, as the mea-
ger sketches given us here, I should be for in-
quiring whether the power of the House did not
reach to the extent of expelling him from the
body for incompetence. After all, all that can
be said about this thing is that some gentlemen
—fifty-two or fifty-three—having somewhere or
other seen the name of a leading Republican
recommending it, indorsed this book, without
knowing what was in it or what the compendium
was to be.
Mr. STANTON. The book that was to be
published was not then compiled. It was to be a
compilation from a larger work, made up mainly
of statistics and quotations from the earlier fo thers
of the Republic ; and the names of some half
dozen persons were given under whose inspec-
tion and auspices the compilation was to be made.
Entire confidence was reposed in these gentle-
men, and of course nothing could be known of
• the compendium.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Who were the
six gentlemen ?
]\ir, STANTON. I do not know.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Please explain
how that statement corresponds with the letter of
Mr. Blair, read heie the other day.
Mr. STANTON. It corresponds exactly with it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Blair says
the book was presented to him and some of the
matter agreed to be stricken out.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman mistakes me.
This was to be a compend of the larger work,
and it was the larcer work that Mr. Blair had
seen. It was for the compend that the recom-
mendation was signed, and that was to be com-
posed of extracts from the larger work that were
to he made under the inspection of these gentle-
men.
Mr. CORWIN. This may have been a very
thoughtless thing for men to do; but have none
of us done foolish things or erred at all in our
lives? Have none of us done suddenly an act
which we regretted afterwards? Have none of us,
without proper deliberation, ever done a thing
which we did not exactly comprehend and under-
stand? All these gentlemen tell you that every-
thing tending to disturb the harmony of the re-
spective States of the Union, is just as foreign to
their hearts and notions as to yours. Do you
believe them ? I do; for those of them with whom
I am acquainted, I know to be men who would
not state a falsehood. Why should wo sit here
waiting from day to day to find out exactly how
much any of these gentlemen did know? We
were sent here to transact the common and neces-
sary business of this great Republic. There may
be men here who acted indiscreetly in regard to
this matter; we must recollect that if we could
