1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
* in order to proceed to the discharge of their du-
ties, for the documents which the Senate Printer
has not yet printed. We want those documents
every day, and almost every hour of every day.-
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then this is an ex post
facto law. Under the law as it now stands, all
the documents first ordered to be printed by the
Senate are to be printed for both Houses by the
Printer of the Senate; and I understand that it
is now proposed to divide that work between the
Printer of the Senate and the Printer of the
House. This, then, is an ex post facto law.
Mr. GURLEY. No, sir, it is not; for it has
no application to what has already been done.
We only want a system adopted here by which
members of the House shall promptly receive the
documents which they demand in the discharge
of their duties to the country. I renew the call
for the previous question.
Mr. LEAKE. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his demand for the previous question, and
allow a reply to b« made to his speech.
Mr. GURLEY. I am urged to insist on my
demand for the previous question, and I feel that
I must do so.
Mr. CURRY. I move to lay the resolution on
the table; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CURRY. I withdraw my motion.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
■ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Gtjelet] will allow me to
read the third section, which it is proposed to re-
. peal, and especially the proviso to that section,
so that the House may know what will be repealed
by the passage of the joint resolution. I under-
stood him to say it should be read, and sent for
the law, which I now have here.
Mr. GURLEY. I have no objection to its being
s read.
The section was read, as follows:
"Sec. 3. J-lnd be it further enacted, Tiiataftcrthe expira-
tion of the present session of Congress, when any document
shall be ordered to be printed by hoth Houses of Congress,
whether the copies ordered be the reseived (regular) num-
ber or additional (extra) numbers, the entire printing of such
documents shall be done by the Printer of that House which
first ordered the same; and the House so first ordering the
same shall immediately notify the other House of such or-
der. And the Superintendent of Public Printing is hereby
directed, in all cases when any document has been ordered
to be printed by both Houses of Congress, to'cause the order
of the House last making the order to print such document
to be executed by the Printer of the House first ordering
tiie same, and to further cause the other House to be fur-
nished with the number ordered by it; and in no case shall
more than one thousand five hundred and fifty copies of
any document be printed, unless the printing of extra num-
bers be ordered by either House; aucLthe one thousand five
hundred and fifty copies, as reserved (loguiar) numbers,
shall be distributed by the officers of the House first order-
ing the printing of the same to the same persons and in the
same manner as such numbers heretofore ordered by both
Houses have been distributed; and in all such cases the
payment for composition shall be the same as though the
printing had been ordered by but one House: Provided,
That the office of Printer, either to the Senate or House of
Representatives, shall not be transferable, either directly or
indirectly; and any attempt to sell ortransfer either of said
offices, or any sale or transfer of the same, shall operate as
a vacation and abandonment of the said offices or either of
them."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Now I wish to say
that the joint resolution proposes to repeal that
proviso forbidding under-letting under penalty
of forfeiture of office to the Public Printer.
Mr. GURLEY. I will say, if the House de-
sires more time to look into this subject, I am
willing it should be postponed for a sufficient
time.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. CTJRRY. I object to debate.
Mr. GURLEY. Then I insist upon my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the subject will be
postponed.
Mr. NOELL. "What has become of the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama, to lay the reso-
lution on the table ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion has
been withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I renew the motion
to lay the resolution on the tatle; and upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw the
motion.
The previous question wa « then scoondcd.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the reading of the
resolution. I want to hear it again.
Mr. CURRY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 84, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, William
C. Anderson, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Briggs, Burlingame,
Burnham, Burroughs, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Cor-
win, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Eliot, Etheridge, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank,
French, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Iiatton, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey,
Hutcbins, Junkin, Francis W. ICeliogg, William Kellogg,
Kilgore, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKeau, Mc-
Knight, McPherson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Nelson, Olin, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pot-
tle, Reynolds, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck,Verree, Wal-
ton, Ellihu 13. Washburne, Israel Washbum, Webster,
Wells, Windom, and Woodruff—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmoro, Avery,
Barksdale, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Bouligny, Bristow,
Button, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De
Jarnette, Edmundson, English, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hatde-
man, John T. Harris, Hill, Hmdman, Holman, Houston,
Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Killinger, La-
mar,Tjandrum,Iiarrabee, Leake, Love, Maclay, Charles jD.
Martin, Elbert S.Martin, Maynard, MeClernand, McQueen,
McRae, Miles, Miilson, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Noell,
Pendleton, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Ruffin, Scott, Simms,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stailworth, Stan-
ton, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Train,
Underwood, Vallatidigliam, Vance, Waldron, Whiteley,
Wilson, and Wright—-81.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
During the call,
Mr. GILMER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leach, was detained from the House m conse-
quence of the death of a dear child, and had paired
off with Mr. Alley for a week.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Upon this question
I am paired off with Mr. Ely; and from this time
forth until further notice, I am paired off with my
colleague, Mr. Farnsworth.
Mr. RIGGS stated that he was paired off for
the day with Mr. Irvine.
Mr. THEAKER said: I do not know but Mr.
Davidson may suppose that there is a pair be-
tween himself and me to-day. I do not exactly
so understand it, but I will withhold my vote
until I ascertain the fact.
Mr. BARKSDALE said: If the main question
is not ordered, I desire to know what will become
of the bill?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will come up
as the first business in the morning.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
nays upon'the passage of the resolution. It au-
thorizes stealing.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the proviso to the
third section of the bill of last session may be
read. I do not think it is understood.
Mr. STEVENSON. It has been read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon ordering the resolution to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to have that
proviso read. I understand that it prohibits the
transfer or assignment of the public printing. This
resolution proposes to repeal that; and I shall not
allow that to be done if I can prevent it.
Mr. GURLEY. If gentlemen desire to have
the bill modified so as to retain that proviso, I
am perfectly willing. Is it in order to recommit
this bill ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not at this stage
of the bill.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and rcada third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine I move to re-
commit the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has the bill been
read the third time?
The Si*EAKER pro temt )ore. It lias.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In full ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not in full.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask that it may
be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire if the res-
olution has been engrossed ?
It seems to me that it is i
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is too late to
raise .that question.
Mr. HOUSTON.
good to read the bill.
Mr. GURLEY. I move to recommit the bill;
and on that I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Alabama has the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. A committee of the Houseoan
have no more power over the bill than the House
has; and we have no power now to amend that
bill. As it stands before us, it is in a condition
in which the House cannot amend it. It is now
proposed to recommit it. For what object? What
would be accomplished by a recommittal of the
bill ? If it were recommitted, it would be beyond
the power of the committee to amend it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio will state his question of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The main aues-
tion, ordering the bill to a third reading, has been
ordered by the House; and it is not in order to
discuss a motion to recommit until that order is
executed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question has been exhausted.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the Chair entertained
the motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion has
been received. The point of order raised by the
gentleman from Ohio is, that the bill has not been
read the third time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This is my point
of order: the House ordered the bill to be read
the third time; and until that order is executed.it
is not in order to move to recommit the bill. The
previous question has not been exhausted until
the order has been executed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
the Chair, the bill has been read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Of course it
has been.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, and at his re-
quest, the Clerk will be directed to read the body
of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that,
when a bill is ordered to be read the third time,
it must be read in full, unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That has not
been the practice of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By the practice
of the House, it is sufficient that the bill be read
a third time by its title. It is not necessary that
the body of the bHl should be read the third time,
unless it is so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; and I am en-
titled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the floor.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Alabama yield to the gentleman from
Virginia?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRYOR. I understand that the bill is now
open to discussion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. PRYOR. I have some words to offer on
the subject of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I am certain
that after the developments made as to the object
of this bill, no honest-minded man in the House
can give it his assent. The gentleman who re-
ported it [Mr. Gcrley] has intimated that the
object was to insure dispatch and promptitude in
the execution of the public printing. I say that
that was not the object at all; or, if it be, this bill
is a very circuitous mode of accomplishing the
object. The purpose of the bill is this: to compel
the Printer of the Senate to a division of the spoils
with the Printer of the House. Tfiat is the ob-
ject, and no other; and 'it seems to me to be sus-
ceptible of easy demonstration.
Under the operation of the present system, the
Printer of that House which first orders the doc-
uments to be printed does the work and monop-
olizes the profits. In consequence of the pro-
tracted disorganization of this House, the Senate,
proceeding in the discharge of its business, have
ordered the printing of a large proportion of the
documents necessary forour use. Whereupon, the
Pnnteref the House, when he comes to be elected,
