2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
has no relief. If the bill passes,-it does not make
his condition any worse. But the query comcs
up, do we not better the settler's condition by the
passage of the bill ? In the first place, a large por-
tion of those to whom the Senator alludes have
been m the enjoyment of the land some five or six
years. He says that they are hard pressed for
payment. The sales of the lands have been con-
tinued from time to time. Many of those persons,
perhaps, are hard pressed; but what does the bill
do? It says to those persons who are now occu-
pants, " You shall have two years longer to per-
fect your title, and pay your $1 25 an acre." It
seems to me that would be some relief, and do
some good to the settler who is not now in a con-
dition to pay his money.
There is another thing to be considered in con-
nection with this. These people have been on the
land for five or six years, and the proposition is
to give them a crcdit of two years more They
have gone in advance of other settlers, and selected
the pick and cream of the land. The hill says to
them, "Now,after you have selected your land,
the rich sections of the country, you shall have
two years longer to pay for these good pieces at
the rate of §1 25 an acre." It seems to me that
the bill does some good in that point of view, so
far as those settlers arc concerned. But even re-
duce it to the hardest extremity, and suppose that,
at the expiration of two years, there should be any
occupant who cannot pay his $200 for one hun-
dred and sixty acres: what docs this bill say to
him? "If yoirare not able to comply with the
contract that you made with the Government as
a prcemptorj at the end of two years, come under
the homestead provision, and get one hundred and
sixty acres." So, instead of its operating as a
hardship against the settler, it is giving him two
chances where he only has one, and gives an ex-
tension of the time to pay his money.
It did not seem to me, and 1 do -not say it in
any unkindness, that the Senator from Minnesota
was indulging in a little extravagance in his argu-
ment. This bill gives the settler a double chance.
He has gone on the land in advance, and selected
the best and most fertile portions of it. We say
now to him, " take two years longer to pay, and
if you cannot pay your $200 at that time, go and
be on an equality with all others." It does not
discriminate against them at all, but places them
on an equality. It still gives them another ad-
vantage. After they have gone on the publielands,
arid got one hundred and sixty acres of the rich-
est and fattest land that the country allbrds, they
can pay up their $200, and then go and take an-
other one hundred and sixty acies, under this
bill. Surely I do not think the Senator under-
stood the practical operation of the bill, or he
would not liave made the argument he has on the
present occasion. The man who entered on land
under the present law impliedly promised to pay
the Government a certain amount upon certain
conditions; a contract was made, and this bill
was intended not to bo retrospective or in favor
of any existing contracts, but to leave the laws
that, were in existence to operate as they were de-
signed to do; and then, if they were any haul.ship
to those persons who cannot comply with their
provisions, they can come forwaid and take one
hundred and sixty aucs under the provisions of
the bill. If the argument be true that you must
provide for these cases, and that your law must
be retrospective, what, will become of those men
who have paid in their money? Is the Sena'or
prepared to go to the Treasury and refund it?
You have as much right to do it in the one case
as the other. If you release these individuals
from their contract, go and lake ftom the Treas-
ury and pay back the money that has been paid
in for laud.
Thus sve sec that this bill operates equally on
all. It really discriminates against none; but if
there is a discrimination, it is m favor of those
who are now occupying the soil as proprietors.
If I know myself, I will go as far in things of this
sort as any one; but the great object of the com-
mittee, and of the honest and sinoere supporters
ol tins bill, lias been to place it in a shape in which
it would receive the sanction of the various de-
partments of the Government, and ultimately be
placed on the statute-book, and become the law of
the land. By the passage of this bill, is not the
great principle attained ? Will not the great object
have been accomplished ? Will you not have in-
troduced a perfect system, and that, too, before
any hardship can result by the operation of any
existing law ? It gives Congress and the country
time to see how it will operate; and if the pre-
emptors who are now upon the public lands re-
quire more legislation, there will be time for it.
You will have another session of this Congress.
Two years from the passage of the bill will carry
you to the close of the first session of the incom-
ing Congress. Then here are two sessions of
Congress for experience, to suggest every im-
provement that should be made in this bill, and
extend whatever relief should be extended to this
portion of the settlers on the public lands. It
does seem to me that it would better their condi-
tion, and carry out, to a very great extent, the
very object that the Senator from Minnesota
seems to desire.
Now let me ask every sincere and honest friend
of this bill to stand by it; and I believe there are
some such. I will say here, that I fear there arG
those who want to see this bill defeated and the
Democracy responsible for that defeat. They
clamor at the very top of their voices in favor of
the hardy pioneer and the occupant settler; but
yet they would prefer to see this bill defeated and
let them be stripped of their homes for the pur-
pose of party aggrandizement, rather than pass
this bill and quiet the question and take it away
from the respective parties of the country, if we
arc for the policy, if we arc sincere in it, let us
take what we can get; let us put it upon the statute-
book; let it become a law; and I repeat again, as
time and experience shall suggest the alterations
that ought to be made, they can be made, and
before the expiration of the two years allowed to
the preemptor, or the five years to the individual
who takes the land under the homestead provis-
ion of the bill, there will be ample time for such
alteiations as may be necessary to be made.
Iiut the Senator speaks of speculators buying
up the land. If the Senator-would join with us,
and help to pass this bill, and not incumber it and
follow it up with General Jackson's policy of
bringing the lands into market and disposing of
them only to actual settlers, and to them in lim-
ited quantities—by the homestead followed by
those concomitant propositions—the great scheme
that should be practiced m this country would be
secured. Why not then be consistent and come
up to the suppott of the best land system, in my
judgment, ever inaugurated since the Government
commenced ?
Now, sir, let us vote on the various proposi-
tions, and doit understandingly. There has been
ample time to mature and consider every propo-
sition.^ Let us \ote. 1 appeal to friends on this
side of the House and on the other side of the
House to let us vote. We have talked enough.
Yesterday I feared that we had talked the bill to
death. Now I beg the Senate to let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall be under the neces-
sity of voting against the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, he having declined to accept
the additional modification that I proposed. As
the bill would stand with this amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota adopted, it would give
the benefits of its piovisions to the settlers on the
public lands which were surveyed priorto thelst
of January last, and would deprive the settlers
hereafter going on the public land, or who have
gone on them since the latof January last, of the
benefits of the bill. I do not recognize the justice
of such a distinction; but if a distinction is to he
made between the settlers that have gone on the
lands heretofore, and those that are to go on them
hereafter, it would seem that justice required that
it should he in behalf of those who mayhcreaftor
settle. Those who have already gone, went under
the existing law.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will say that I do not understand the amend-
ment as he does. The limitation as to the 1st of
January, I860, as I understand, applies only to
the time of the survey, not to the time of settle-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It applies to the time of the
survey. Those settlers who have gone on the
lands prior to January last, which were not then
surveyed, and had not been surveyed up to Jan-
uary last, arc deprived of the benefits of this bill;
and settlers on the land that will be surveyed this
summer are deprived of the benefits of the bill.
It is simply to release the settlers that have here-
tofore gone on the land, and acquired preemp-
tions, who were required to pay $1 25 an acre
for the lands, from the payment of the gl 25. It
operates as a donation of one dollar an acre on
every acre of land surveyed prior to the 1st of
January last, but deprives a settler hereafter
going on the land of that benefit.
I am willing to adopt the general principle that
the settler upon the public lands, whether he is
now there or shall hereafter go there and make
his home, shall take the land at the reduced price
provided form this bill; but I wish the general
principle applicable to the future—running through
all time to come, rather than a mere expedient as
a bill of relief to the settlers now upon the lands.
I am, therefore, going to vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota. It being
an amendment to an amendment, it is not now m
order to offer a further amendment to it; but when
that is rejected, I shall move to amend the bill by
striking out the words " subject to private entry,"
and putting in the words " subject to preemp-
tion;" so that it will then apply to all lands sub-
ject to preemption; and I want it to apply to lands
subject to preemption, whether they be so subject
hereafter or have been heretofore, so that it shall
be a general principle, a permanent policy look-
ing to the future.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is arranged in that
manner, what will become of those who have
gone on the lands in Minnesota, for example?
Will the Senator's amendment reach those peo-
ple, and enable them to take the land at a quarter
of a dollar, as well a^ those who may go here-
after ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely. What I desire is,
that every man now on the public lands thathare
been surveyed, and that are liable to the provis-
ions of this bill, and also all that have gone on to
land not surveyed, may take it under this bill as
soon as it becomcs surveyed; and also, that all
persons who shall hereafter go oi^ the land, may
take it under this bill so soon as it shall be sur-
veyed. That is what 1 desire to see in the bill.
Mr. WADE. I believe that is right. Let us
have a vote. 1 believe that the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois is right, and I want a vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will stop right here if wo
can get a vote.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment oifered by the Senator from
Minnesota to the amendmentmade as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE and others. Let us vote that down.
Mr. CHESNUT. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to say that I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthont;] he vot-
ing in the affirmative and I in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2, nays 44; as follows:'
YEAS—Messrs. Polk and Wilkinson—2.
NAYS—Mossr-. Bnjaul, Biglor, Bingham, Bragg, Brigh*,
Brown, Chandler, Cl.uk, Clay, (Jlmgmaii, Davis, llixo'i,
Doolittlc. Douglas, Durkce, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Foster,
Green, Giimcs, Gwin, Hale, lJanilm, Hammond, llailari,
Hemphill. Ivorson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ot Ten-
nessee, King, Lane, Latham. Nicholson, Pearcc, Powli,
PukI), Sebastian, howard, Sshdsll, Trumbull, VVade. Wic-
I'all, and Yuteo—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was le-
jected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move the amendment
which I indicated, in the eighth line of the first
section, after the word "and," to strike out k'after
the same shall have been surveyed and become
subject to private entry,"and insert "which have
been or shall hereafter be surveyed and become
subject to preemption,"
Mr. COLLAMER. Ail the land we have to-
day is subject to preemption by an act passed m
1854.
Mr. WADE. The amendment is all right; let
us have it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I give noticc that after this
shall have been adopted, I shall move the restrict-
ive clauses that were in the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] as to the
alternate sections and other reserved lands, so as
not to apply to them.
Mr. BRAGG. I would suggest that, in the
present condition of things, the Senator from Illi-
nois cannot olfer that amendment. We must first
vote upon the amendments adopted in the Com-
