1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75-
hold a little examination of ourselves we would
find that somewhere, in the history; of our lives,
we have been guilty of some little indiscretions.
There was no intentional mischief done. I am
not here apologizing for these gentlemen. I have
spoken toljut one of them, I believe, on the sub-
ject. Perhaps they may think I am humiliating
them in what I say. I am only speaking for
human nature; 1 have nothing to do with Helper
or with his compendium.
Much has been said about the anti-slavery sen-
timents of the Republican party respecting slavery.
This honorable House knows the history of this
Republic much better than I; but this much I do
know, that the most ultra of the Republicans with
whom I associate, never indulged a thought, or
expressed an opinion, which cannot be found
among the opinions of the great men of the
South. They may be all wrong; but I think
we ought to be pardoned if we have been led
astray by southern gentlemen on this subject.
"Physician, heal thyself," we may reply, when
we are charged with entertaining heretical and
revolutionary notions. Nay, more; there is not,
in any Republican creed that has credit among
men, an opinion expressed which does not go this
far. With slavery in the States where it now ex-
ists, we have no more to do than we have with
religion in tho States. It may be a very good
thing for them. We have not thought it good for
us; and the men of 1787 did not permit us to think
on the subject; and when the State of Indiana—
which was comprehended in that ordinance of
1787—petitioned Congress three or four times to
have slavery established there, southern gentle-
men voted against granting their prayer. They
told them they must wait; that free labor was
better for them, and it would come in due time.
It did come; and Indiana, by waiting, has come
to be what you may see her now. This \va> the
doctrine that we in the West were taught by you
gentlemen of the South. You would not let us
have it. I repeat again, that the Republican party
is just as much in favor of enforcing that law
which enables the southern man to reclaim his
ijmaway slaves, as any man in the Democratic
party.
Mr. BARKSDALE. And yet you throw over-
board a judge because he had decided the fugitive
slave law to be constitutional
Mr. CORWIN. But we nominated a man from
Mississippi, who was much stronger.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that Judge Gholson will decide
the fugitive slave law to be constitutional.
Mr. CORWIN. Certainly.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was not the nomination
of Judge Swan defeated by the Republican Con-
vention, because he had decided that law to be
constitutional ?
Mr. CORWIN. That was one of the reasons.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was it not 'the chief
reason and the only reason ?
Mr. CORWIN. I will answer the gentleman
Mr. BARKSDALE. I want a categorical an- j
swer. !
Mr. CORWIN. You shall have it. That ques-
tion of the constitutionality of the fugitive slave
law was before our supreme court. They who
questioned its constitutionality, rested mainly
upon the ground, as I understood it, that the pow-
er given to the judges of the U nited States court to
appoint commissioners, conferred upon those
commissioners judicial powers. If it had, then,
I think, every lawyer would concur that, to that
extent, it was unconstitutional; for, as judicial
officers, they must bo appointed by the President.
That was the chief reliance of those who, in 1850,
denounced the law. The naked question was pre-
sented to the court, whether the law was uncon-
stitutional, as I understand it. If I am wrong,
gentlemen here, more familiar with the subject
than I am, will correct me. The Supreme Court
decidcd that Congress had the power to pass the
law in the shape m which it was passed.
Mr. GROW. I hope order will be preserved.
It is impossible for us to hear the remarks of the
gentleman. ,
Mr. CORWIN. I will try to speak loud
enough so that the whole jury can hear my evi-
dence. That was the decision of the majority of
the court. I was censured everywhere by the
violent Abolitionists in the North for being in
Mr. Fillmore 'a Cabinet when that law was passed;
and we had a good deal of troublewith these men,
on this very subject, in Ohio.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then, you admit that
the Republican party are hostile to the law.
Mr. CORWIN. No, sir; they are forit. There
are men in that party who are hostile to it. Mr.
Giddings was hostile to it; and it was Mr. Gid-
dings and such as him, in the Western Reserve
chiefly, with whom I said we had trouble.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman say whether
the Republican convention did not pass a resolu-
tion denouncing the fugitive slave law and de-
manding its repeal ?
Mr. CORWIN. Yes, sir; they did.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman, with all cour-
tesy, whether he is or is not in favor of its repeal?
Mr. CORWIN. No, sir; unless another better
law is passed in its stead, such as the law of 1793,
or like it.
Mr. COX. I ask him whether his Republican
colleagues on this floor, or tho majority of them,
are not in favor of its repeal ?
Mr. CORWIN. A good many of my col-
leagues are in favor of the law of 1793. I myself
am in favor ®f that law, but I would not repeal
this law and leave no law in its stead.
Mr. COX. Then you do not agree with Mr.
Webster, who said that this was a better law.
Mr. CORWIN. If Mr. Webster said so, I
think Mr. Webster was mistaken. He was a
smart man, but he might have erred upon that
point. [Great laughter.]
Mr. COX. I think 1 have heard my colleague
say that he, as a member of Mr. Fillmore's Cab-
inet, approved of that law ?
Mr. CORWIN. I did agree that Mr. Fillmore
should approve that law, though I did not like it.
I thought it was constitutional and thatCongress
were the best judges of its policy.
Mr. COX. Yet the gentleman supported the
nominees of the Republican convention which
passed a resolution denouncing the fugitive slave
law and demanding its repeal. The resolution
was in these words:
'■Resolved, That, proclaiming our determination rigidly to
respect the constitutional obligations imposed upon the
State by tlie Federal compact, we maintain the union ot
the States, the rights of the States, and the liberties of the
people ; and in order to attain these important ends wc de-
mand the repeal ot the fugitive slave act of 185U, as it is
subversive of both the rights of the States and the liberties
ot the people, and is eontraiy to the plainest duties of hu-
manity and justice, and abhorrent to the moral sense of the
civilized world."
Mr. CORWIN. That is the resolution re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. COX. Was not the gentleman on the
committee which reported the resolution
Mr. CORWIN. 1 was, and voted against it.
Mr. COX. The Cincinnati Commercial said
that he voted for it; but I take his word that lie
voted against it. Yet he sustained the nominees
of the convention. I wish the gentleman, for he is
capable of doing it, would give an explanation of
this seeming inconsistency, for I do not think we
are so far apart in reference to this business.
Mr.CORWIN. I will. I say that the Repub-
lican party of Ohio, as long as that law is upon
the statute book, are m favor of its enforcement.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Arc they in fa\or of its
repeal r
Mr. CORWIN. I do not know that.
Mr. HILL. Is the gentleman himself in favor
of its repeal or not?
Mr. CORWIN. Not unless the old law of
1793, or some other and better law is substituted
for it. I grant that you are entitled to a good law
for the recovery of your slaves. [Great applause.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does the gentleman rep-
resent himself as the embodiment of the Repub-
lican party?
Mr. CORWIN. I am of the respectable por-
tion of it. [Laughter.] I am desirous of being
candid, and I am glad that these questions have
been asked me. Amongst three or four hundred
thousand voters it is difficult to say what they are
for in a body; but I halve the right to say what the
Republican party have agreed on during the ''ail-
vass of last year. I was in that canvass as much
as I possibly could be. I presented to the people
what I thought we had the right to do under the
Constitution, and thenwhatl thought we owed to
the South. 1 believe that my opinions on that sub-
ject arc those of the great b'ody of the Republican
party. Abolitionists have abused me. Possibly
it may be because I have some very prominent
virtues. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURRY. What was the vote in tho
Republican convention of Ohio when the resolu-
tion to which the gentleman has adverted was,
adopted?
Mr. CORWIN. I do not think that there-
were twenty men in the convention who knew
what was in that resolution. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURRY. That is very strange.
Mr. CORWIN. Oh, no! they had every con-
fidence in me. [Laughter and applause.] Al-
though I have been for thirty years in political
life, never before was I in a delegate convention.
I saw that the question would introduce a.firp-
brandinto tho State, and thought that it would
be best for the Republican party, as one of their
dogmas, to take ground in reference to that fugi-
tive slave bill. There was a resolution offered
maintaining the unconstitutionality of that law.
The committee struck it out. Then there re-
mained what you have heard about subverting
the rights of the States, &c., which may have
been in bad rhetoric as well as bad grammar. I
will tell you now what I believe is the opinion in
Ohio about the recovery of a fugitive slave. It
was alleged that under the fugitive slave law any
man could be called upon to go and hunt and help
recover an escaped slave. We all know that it
has been believed by some that that was one of
the provisions of that law. I maintain that there
is no such provision in it. If it were, I insist that
it would be in opposition to the moral sense of the
community. Think of a man calling upon us at
anytime he pleased, to drop our business and go
with him and help him to hunt up his property!
Well, as I have said, the resolution referred to
appeared to pass. I am speaking what I know.
We were in a great hurry. As to that fact about
that law being subversive of the rights of the
State, I do not believe it, and I so stated every-
where. The resolution was passed in a great
hurry. It was late m the afternoon of a very
warm day, and the meeting took place in a very
warm room. The resolutions were taken into the
convention after candles were lighted. There
were seated two or three hundred men with fans,
and panting like rats m an exhausted receiver.
[Laughter.] And the whole of the resolutions-
were read by—you, sir, [Mr. Bivgham,]—a gen-
tleman who, with his usual modesty, spoke in a
low tone. [Laughter.] The members really did
not know what were passing: so, then, they
should not be taken as the deliberate judgment of
that convention. I dare say that, in the South,
the thing would be more carefully done. What-
ever was read or published, the people of the
State of Ohio have their own opinions; and, if
they do not like a platform, they will vote for the
men they prefer, without reference to platforms.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Did any portion of the
Republican party repudiate that platform
Mr. CORWIN. Yes, sir; one of their great
leaders. [Laughter and applause.] I did repudi-
ate, everywhere, that part of it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Did any of the Repub-
lican press repudiate it? I ask the question, for
I really do not know. I desire to know whether
the resolutions were accepted or rejected by the
Republican party.
Mr. CORWIN. The platform was passed—
the whole of it. I do not think that a dissenting
vote was given or called for against it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Were the resolutions
accepted or rejected by the Republican party?
Mr. CORWIN. They were accepted by the
convention, but I do verily believe the great mass
of that party would not agree to the terms of that
resolution, though I and many others thiniv the
law should be amended. But they did not in-
dorse w ith full knowledge the terms of that reso-
lution. [Laughter.] Like Helper's book, they
did not know what was m them. [Renewed
laughter.]
IVlr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him to inform us what he
conceives to be the difference between passing
and indorsing?
Mr. CORWIN. I would like to consult the
books first. . ,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will give the
gentleman time to consult tho books.
Mr. CORWIN. There is a great difiercnce
between voting and indorsing.
