2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
and pleasure to the Very clear exposition of the .
land system, given by the Senator from Missis-
sippi. It is true that this amendment to this bill
will make a radical change in that system. I do
not wish to disguise from any Senator, nor from
the country, the full extent of that change. The
change is simply this: as the land system now
stands, the speculator and the actual settler are on
terms of entire equality, taking the land at 25
an acre; but, according to the proposed change,
the speculator will be required to pay $1 25 an
acre, and the settler -Will only pay twenty-five
cents an acre. The legal effect will be to make one
dollar an acre difference between the man who
buy3 for speculation without settlement, and the
man who settles upon the land and makes it his
home; and that is my object in the amendment.
Mr. WADE. All right, Mr. President; let us
have a vote.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, I have said very
little about this bill; but I cannot forbear to say
a word or two, having been upon the Committee
on Public Lands, before the vote is talten on this
amendment. I do not propose to go into a dis-
cussion of the bill at all. It is well known, from
what I have said heretofore, that I am opposed to
the bill, if for no other reason, because I come
from a State that is opposed to this whole policy.
I understand 'this to be called a homestead hill.
The friends of the measure call it a homestead
bill. The Senator from Illinois, the Senator from
Tennessee, gentlemen all around me here, call it
a homestead"bill.
All these propositions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and although, as I have
(stated, I was opposed to the whole system out
and out, yet we endeavored in the committee to
frame a system that would be just and fair, not
only to tlm actual settler, who is proposed to be
benefited under the bill, but to the Government,
which acts as the agent and trustee of all the
States; and how were we to do that?
It was, in the first place, by bringing all the
pnbhc lands belonging to the Government, after
tJiey were surveyed, into market, and providing
that, after the Government had offered them for
sale, the actual settler might go upon those lands
that remained unsold, and have a title at the end
of five years. For what consideration' For the
sum of twenty-five cents an acre, which, it was
supposed, would cover the expense of' the Gov-
ernment in surveying and selling the land. Here
was a proposition just and fair, it was said in com-
mittee, on both sides—fair to the Government,
fair to the States which were interested only in
the sales of the public lands, and fair to the actual
settler. Hut now what say gentlemen' What
say-* the Senator from Illinois, who brings for-
ward [his proposition, which, 1 undertake to say,
goes a bow-shot beyond anything else that has
neon offered herein either of the bills, and which,
I think, is more objectionable than anything 1
have hoard from any quarter whatever? He pro-
poses to open all the public lands first to the ac-
tual settler at twenty-five cents all acre, and to
allow the parties who have already entered upon
these lands, under the preemption laws, to take
what they have got at the end of five years by
paying twenty-five cents only. That is the effect
of it—nothing more, nothing less.
Hut, says the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr
Rice,] would you treat the actual settler, the
pioneer in tins country, with less justice and less
liberality than you would the foreigner whom
you invite to come in. By no means; nor does
the bill propose to treat him with less liberality.
They are put on an equality. The Senator shakes
his head. I tell him they are put on an equality;
and I can satisfy him of it if ho will listen to me
for a moment. Why are they puton an equality'
Cannot the man now in Minnesota go and enter
land under this bill reported by the committee as
the foreigner can ? You want to grant him greater
privileges. You want to give him the privilege
of taking the land he has now under the preemp-
tion laws at twenty-five cents an acre, and also
to give him the privilege of taking other lands.
But when the foreigner comes in,as he does after
the Government has offered lands for sale, and
they remain unsold, he can have only these lands.
I say you want to give the preemptioner a greater
privilege.
But, sir, this only goes to show the error of
this whole system. JNow, instead of its being
merely a homestead act which only was proposed
to be passed by the Senator from Tennessee on
the ground that it would produce the settlement
of the couutry by a substantial yeomanry, we
find that it is to be a bounty to those who are
already in the country; in other words, to enable
them to have their lands at twenty-five cents an
acre, instead of SI 25'an acre. That is it; and the
whole philosophy of the thing, I am sorry to say
it,- is illustrated pretty well by a story which I
saw in the papers some few days ago. It was
this; a steam excavator was set to work in the
building of a railroad; an Irishman looking on
concluded that "Othello's occupation was gone"
after that; but immediately, with the ready wit of
his countrymen, he exclaimed: "Dig on, you
murthering villain: there is one thing you cannot
do, you cannot vote." Yes, sir, these people
who are now here and who come hereafter can
vote; and as long.as that is the case, and votes
can be purchased by these inducements held out
to them, the public lands will go in any other way
than they oughtto go. They will go, I am afraid,
to secure votes. I do not intend to be personal
in what I say; but I think that will be the effect
of the system, and therefore I am opposed to it.
It is unjust to the old States; it is building up a
corrupt system, as I think. The whole system
is wrong, and especially this proposition which
is made here now, because it goes a bow-shot be-
yond anything that has yet been offered in rela-
tion to this matter.
Mr. RICE. I am not going to reply to the
Senator from .North Carolina. lie is certainly
mistaken, however, when he says that my col-
league and myself, and those who concur with us,
ask a greater protection for the early settlers of
the Northwest than we do for those who may
come hereafter. I would like to say, in two or
three words, that I think the whole system is
wrong; and I regret that any land State should
ever have consented to come into the Union as
a member, and permitted the General Govern-
ment to bo a landed proprietor within its limits,
and thus extended the Federal patronage,and con-
tributed to the consolidation of these States. If
a Statu presents herself for admission while I have
a scat on this floor, I never will vote for or con-
sent to one of those plastic arrangements about
taxation, the State surrendering the light to tax,
and permitting the Federal Government to send
men into it to control its great landed interests,
and thus control the politics of that State. If my
views were carried out, 1 would cede at once to
the States every acre within their limits. It should
htue been done before a vote was taken oil the
admission of those States. I do not mean to say
they should be ceded as a gratuity, but the States
should pay to the General Government the cost
of the lands. Thus we would carry out the prin-
ciple forshadowod originally by one of the great-
est statesmen of the age—John C. Calhoun. 1
attempted, by an amendment which I offered yes-
terday to the eleventh section, to ingraft that prin-
ciple on this bill; but I could not even get enough
to rise to call for the yeas and nays. I think this
whole system is wrong. I want to separate the
States from the General Government. I not only
wish to do it in regard to the public lands—an in-
considerate matter in comparison with the slavery
question. If my friends on this side of the House
will go for that, I am for it; butuntil we can come
to a definite conclusion in regard to principle, and
until we have settled on a principle, the details
are going to keep us in confusion. For instance:
the Committee on Public Lands say here that a
certain portion is worth twenty-five cents an acre,
and another ceitain portion $1 25 cents an acre.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Wapb] points to the
clock, and therefore I will stop.
Mr. LAN E. 1 only want to say one word—no
speech. 1 do not choose to let the remarks of the
Senator who moved this amendment go to the coun-
try without replying to them in a single word. The
Senator, when he offered this amendment, took
the opportunity to remind us that it discriminated
between the actual settler and the speculator, by
giving the settler the land at a quarter of a dollar
an acre, and to the speculator at $1 25. I only
want to say, that when all the public lands can be
taken by those who want them, at a quarter of a
dollar an acre, the speculator would be a bigger
fool than any man I over saw have money who
should go and buy land for speculation. 1 think
there is nothing in the remark, but it will be con-
sidered by some that gentlemen are very generous
when they would like to place in the hands of the
man who want it land for his own use at a quarter
of a dollar an acre, and make the man who would
buy for speculation pay $1 25. Give it away for
twenty-five cents an acre, and no man will over
buy it for $1 25 fol-speculation.
I further want to say, that I shall vote against
every amendment to this bill that has been offered
or that may be offered, for I am satisfied that it
was placed upon a proper basis. It is not striking
down the land system, but it is reducing the price
of the public lands to actual settlers. It provides
for surveying the lands, for bringing them into
market, and keeping the offices open, and at last,
everybody that wants the lands could settle upon
them, occupy them, and at the end of five years,
if they choose to perfect their right by paying a
quarter of a dollar an acre, can get a patent. I
shall vote against all amendments, and vote for
the bill, if we can get it, as it came from the com-
mittee.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Illinois says
that the object of his amendment is to create a
distinction between the actual settler and the
speclalor; that he will give the land to the actual
settler at twenty-live cents an acre, and to the
speculator at 25 an acre; that is to say, the
speculator, he supposes, will attend the public
sales. The fact is, he does not attend them. The
practical result of our system, as disclosed in the
reports of the General Land Office from year to
year, is, that that is not the way the speculator
operates at all. Ho operates as this amendment
proposes he shall operate, by pushing forward
colorable settlers into unsurvcycd lands, and into
lands which have not been offered for public sale,
inducing them to take the oath of preemption, or
the oath of graduation, or the oath to this home-
stead bill, and then he buys from them. That is
the way he escapes competition; and the effect of
the Senator's amendment will be to create more
speculation in the public domain than now exists,
tenfold. It will have the effect to enable specu-
lators to steal the best portions of the public do-
main at nominal prices, for they go in advance of
all settlement; they go in company with the sur-
veyor, or in advance of the surveyor; and they
pick out the best poitions of the public land be-
fore the great body of the population arrives, and
the Senator's amendment makes it worse;for, in-
stead of even requiting Si 25 an acre, it is reduced
to twenty-five cents. So far, therefore, from there
being any merit on that score,in the amendment,
it is eminently objectionable. If the Senator
wants corroboration of what I have said in regard
to the operation of the public sales, I commend
him to the annual reports of the Secretary of the
Interior for the last three years. He tells us that
we have received nothing by the offering of lands
at public sale. Why .' Becausc the speculator
does not attend. He finds it much cheaper and
better to push colorable settlers on to the public
domain, and to buy it from them; and this amend-
ment aggravates the very mischief which we have
sought to guard against in this bill. I am con-
strained, therefore, to vote against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word in reply to my
friend from Ohio. It has been my fortune to have
some experience on this question of entries, pub-
lic sales,and preemption rights affecting the public
lands. I was a land officer myself once, and have
conducted these sales and witnessed their effects.
It is true, that before the preemption law was
passed, very few lands sold for more than $1 25
an acre, and a public sale seldom realized any
great advance on the minimum price, but not for
the reason suggested by the Senator from Ohio.
The speculators were always there with their
money to buy land, and to purchase the improve-
ments of the settlers; but the settlers made a pre-
emption lawoftheir own whenever Congress failed
to give them one. They organized their township
associations, and every man from the Northwest
that has lived in the public land regions will realize
the truth of the picture. The settlers organized,
among themselves, took testimony as to who
were bona jute settlers; registered every tract in
their township association, and the name of the
man entitled to it; and they would go to the land
sale in a body—sometimes ten thousand men—
each with his pistol and Bowie-knife, and say to
the speculator, " Sir, if you bid against a settler,
