2984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
ments of an equal value, shall be furnished him as afore-
Here is a treaty which any gentleman may ex-
amine, the express provisions of which are that
the'Indians shall be paid for these improvements.
I desire to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that these Indians are semi-civilized; that
they have made substantial improvements. Those
east of the Cascade mountains have, for the last
twelve years, been accustomed to raise crops of
wheat and corn. They have their inclosures with
cultivated fields. They have oxen and plows,
and they use them in the cultivation of their land.
They have also set out fruit trees. They arc the
owners of horses and cattle. When these In-
dians go upon the reserves they will be compelled
to abandon all these improvements, and the treaty
niakes it incumbent upon the Government to pay
.for them.
The second item is for surveying the reserva-
tions. This duty also is incumbent upon the
Government by express treaty stipulation. The
Indians are now being removed. Eastofthe Cas-
cade mountains there are three large reserves;one
ofsix thousand square miles, one of two thousand
square miles, and one of fifteen or sixteen hun-
dred square miles. The white people arc now
upon the verge of these reserves. It is the policy
of our Government to cultivate good feeling and
to avoid collisions, and it is upon the borders of
these reserves, the lines not yet being ascertained}
where the white men and the red men are most
likely to come into collision. It is to prevent this
that it is neccssary that the lines should l^e ascer-
tained.
In regard to the Nez Perces, it was only yes-
terday that I received a letter informing me that
the whites had already encroached upon the lands
of that tribe, or were in good faith locating their
homes at points claimed by the Indians to be
within their reserves, but believed by the settlers
to be without the reserves: There is the most
urgent necessity for all these reserves to be run
out, so far as they are in contiguity with the white
^settlements.
* West of the Cascade mountains there are no
less than thirteen reservations, and all of them
are surrounded by white settlers; and I am in-
formed, by letters received from day to day, that
these reserves arc already being encroached upon.
I present the facts to this committee, knowing the
necessity for this appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, I ilesire to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to this fact: the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs has urged upon him and his committee
the paramount importance of this appropriation,
and an estimate for it was contained in the special
estimates, because, as tiie Commissioner declares,
it was overlooked in the regular estimates.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE 1-ROM TIIE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose, and re-
ceived a message from the Senate, by Mr. Pat-
ion, one of their clerks, informing; the House
that the Senate had passed a resolution suspend-
ing the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two Houses
for the remainder of the session; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate entitled "An act to amend an act
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the
State of California," passed March 3, 18.Y7.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the second
amendment, and disagreed to the first amend-
ment of the House, to the bill of the Senate (No.
464) to amend an act in addition to the acts pro-
hibiting the slave trade.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will briefly reply to the
gentleman, though f do not wish to weary tin1
committee. In the opinion of the Committ* e of
Ways and Means, the amount estimated for was
totally out of all proportion to the .services to be
rendered. I so stated the other day. The idea
of appropriating $55,000 to pay forimprovements
made by a band of wild Indians, when we have
already made appropriations for building new
buildings, when we have appropriated for new
reserves, and for all expenses connected with
them—the idea of appiopriating ^55,000 to pay
for improvements, when we have no document to
show that they are of any value, is asking a little
too much. It seems to me that to appropriate
§55,000 to survey these Indian reserves, a little
strip of land west of the Cascade mountains, is
out of all proportion to the service to be ren-
dered.
Why, sir, the appropriations for the Washing-
ton andOregon Indians are now so large that I
think it would be better to take those lndians,
quarter them at the St. Nicholas hotel, and keep
them there. There was $500,000 for their benefit
in the deficiency bill, and I do not know how much
in this. It seems to me that we aie deficient in
information upon this matter. There was no reg-
ular estimate. Itwas not submitted to us by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is srftd that it was
overlooked. How it came to be overlooked I do
not understand.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I withdraw
my amendment and submit another, merely to
give me an opportunity to say a few words. 1 do
not wish to weary the committee, but am doing
what I think my duty. My friend of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has got the same in-
formation in reference to these items that he has
in reference to every or any item of the appropri-
ation bill to which he has given his sanction. He
has the estimates of the Department, and they
arc founded upon the estimates of the Indian of-
ficers upon that coast; and I have yet to learn
that any successful attempt has been made to call
in question their integrity or judgment. You and
I know very well that two commissioners have
been sent out to that countiy to inquire into the
way matters have been managed there, and the
report of these commissioners shows that they
were managed with integrity, efficiency, and econ-
omy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether there are not now pending charges
against one of the Indian agents m that country,
and whether the question of his removal is not
now undei consideration?
Mr. STEVENS,ofWashington. No,sir; there
is nothing of that kind.
My friend states that these Indians are wild
Indians. The gentleman ought to know that they
are semi-civilized; and that they have made ex-
tensive improvements.
The gentleman speaks of small reservations.
Why, they arc as large as the four States of Rhode
Island, Connecticut, Delaware, and New Jersey.
There are the same reliable estimates for the In-
diana there at the Department of the Interior that
there arc in regard to every other item in the bill.
1 withdraw my amendment.
The question was takon on the eighty-fourth
amendment; and it was non-concurred in.
.ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee rose informally.
Mr DAVIDSON,from the Committee on fe-
rolled Bills, reported that that committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (S. No.
14) for the relief of Francis Dainese, and a reso-
lution (S. No. 43) to correct a clerical error in the
act approved May 4,18G0, for the relief of Stewart
McGowan; when the Speaker signed the same.
TN3HAN APPROPRIATION BILL-
The committee resumed its session
Eighty-fifth amendment of the Senate
For insurance, transportation, and the necessary expenses
of dWivoi v of annuities, good*, and pioviMoiH to Ynkaitms,
Flathead*. and Ncz Peices, tor the years ending 30th June,
I860, and 30th June, 1861, §42,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend, by increasing the amount one dollar.
This appropriation is also called for in the treaty,
in which there is this clause:
'• Nor-hall the cost of tian^porting the goods and annuity
pa\mons be a chaige <m tlf annuitant*-, but shall be de-
licU''°d by the United {states."
The practical effect of the rejection of this
amendment will bo that the annuity goods cannot
be transported into the Indian country from the
places where they are purchased. There are no
funds applicable to the purpose, either from spe-
cial appropriations for Washington or Oregon, or
from general anproprhuions for the Indian service.
Let me call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the following
d the same.
—AGAIN. /
V
nate: V
items in the bill, under the head of "miscella-
neous:"
For insurance, transportation, and necessary expenses of
the d« livc y of Pawnee, Ponca, and Yanetou viioux annu-
ity good^ and provisions, $10,000.
For imuiauce, transportation, and nece^ruv expenses of
/►the dehvciy ot annuities.and piovi«{on-. to the'lndian tnbcS
in Minnesota and Michigan, $30,330 61.
For expenses of tran-poiuon, and delivery of annuity
i goods to the Llackfoot Indian.* tor the year, $17,000.
These three appropriations have received the
sanction of the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House. The eighty-fifth amendment, for
the delivery and transportation of the annuity
goods of the Yakamas, Flatheads, and Nez For*
ces, js in the same tennsj and I will remind the
gentleman, that this appropriation is expressly
called for under the terms of the treaty that i have
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question is as to
the amount. Undoubtedly, that stipulation in
the treaty requires th-j appropriation of some
amount; but we arc not satisfied that the sum of
$42,000 is necessary. We have called upon the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs for further esti-
mates, and by the time the bill goes to a commit-
tee of conference, he will have reported.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, i desire the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the fact that for these three
tribes the expenditure is^not an annual one. We
pay the first year one third of the whole sum stip-
ulated in the treaty to be paid in twenty years.
We pay $176,000 out of $520,000; so one third is
paid the first year, and the remaining two thirds
is distributed through nineteen years. In this
fact he will see a solution of-the difficulty about
this large expenditure.
The question was taken on the eighty-fifth
amendment; and it was non-concurred in.
Eighty-sixth amendment: '
For the firj-t of five installments due and payable to the
YaUama nation,for the yeai ending the30th ol June, 1860,
per fourth aiucle of treaty ot 9th ot June, 1855, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence. ^
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-seventh amendment:
For the fust of live installments due and payable to the
Nez Perec* Indians, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1860, perfouith article of treaty of 11th June, 1855, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-eighth amendment:
For the payment of each of the h^ad chiefs of the Flat-
head, Kootenay, and Upper Pcnd d'Oreilles tribes, for tho
year ending the 30th June, 1860, per fifth article of treaty of
16th July, 1855, $1,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-ninth amendment:
For the payment of each of the head chiefs of the Flat-
head, Kootenay, and Upper Penrt d* Oreilles tribes for the
year ending the 30th June, 1861, per fifth article of treaty of
16th July, 185o, $1,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means refcom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
Ninetieth amendment:
For Iocs and destruction of property of citizens of Min-
nesota and Iowa, at Sphit lake, m the year 1857, by fnfc-
pa-du-tah's band of Sioux Indian-s, accruing undei uiepto-
visions of the act of Congress, appiovcd 30tU June, 1834,
$16.C<9 97- Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior
shall fnstcau^e the tiue amounts ol such losses of prop-
city to be investigated and adjusted m a manner satisfac-
tory to him, and the amounts so ascertained shall be pani
to the claimants, respectively, in full satisfaction thereof.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate, by increasing the
amount one dollar. This amendment of the Sen-*
ate went, perhaps necessarily, to the Committee
of Ways and Means, but it is very obvious that
that committee could not have had time to ex-
amine it, and hence their recommendation that
the House non-concur. This appropriation is
based upon a recommendation of the Indian de*
parfment. It is for a claim which arises under the
Indian intercourse act of 1834. This massacre
and loss of property at Spirit lake, in 1857, is a
matter of historical notoriety. Some fifty persons
were killed, and a large amount of property was
