1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
which he is an exponent, should be discussed. I
am ready to say here, that that nominee is per-
sonally as unexceptionable to the Democratic
party of Ohio, as any man of the other side, un-
less it might be my friend who has just taken his
seat, fMr. Corwin,-]
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Is it the un-
derstanding that we are to have no vote to-night?
Several Members. There is no such under-
standing.
Mr. COX. I know that my friend paid his re-
spects to me and my district last year, and he
there. charged me with inconsistencies which are
not quite so glaring as those he has exhibited
here to-day. But I give my acknowledgment to
the gentleman for the increased vote which the
Democratic ticket received m that district, in con-
sequence of the national speeches that he made
there. A great many of the people of southern
Ohio, a great many national men, and a great
many Democrats, coincide, I must say, in the re-
marks of my colleague, [Mr. Corwin;] but it is
not true that what he has said embodies the prin-
ciples of the Republican party. It is not true that
he speaks for their organization in Ohio. It is not
true that he speaks the sentiments of their plat-
form. I will show you, before I sit down, that
that organization is one subversive of the Con-
stitution, one that strikes down the judges of the
State for daring to sustain that Constitution", and
that the men in that party in Ohio, who do not go
along with the men who speak the abolition sen-
timent of the Western Reserve, are mercilessly
slaughtered in Ohio. They have no controlling
political status with their party.
I know, sir, that gentleman stand here upon
this floor, representing Republican constituents,
who, as Mr. Greeley says, have only a slight
varnish of Republicanism. Old Whigs go before
the State conventions, make their speeches, and
present their candidates—national men—butthoy
always arc overruled, and the conventions arc
turned into slaughter houses for national men, who
still cling to the Republican party. How was it
in respect to striking down the chief justice of our
State, for daring to do his duty? I do not know
whether the gentleman who aspires to be Speaker
indorsed that movement in convention. I hope
that he did not. I hope that he belonged to that
other wing, who sustained Judge Swan in his de-
cision in favor of the constitutionality uf the fugi-
tive slave law. But the fact remains, and cannot
be blotted out*, and so long as Ohio politics arc
now made a national matter, and the endeavor is
to give them a national tinge and color, T want the
country to understand the lawless and ordcrless
character of that organization. How did that
question come up in the last campaign of our
State? I will give you the facts in a few words:
A Kentuekian lost his slave, who had escaped
into Ohio. The slave went to the neighborhood
of the University of Oberlin, and when lie got
there, he was aided and protected by that class of
men, who think that their inward convictions
should be the highest law of their action, irrespec-
tive of constitutional obligation. The owner of
that slave found a warrantfor his action in the Con-
stitution and the laws passed in pursuance of it.
He went to the United States commissioner for
the process of recapture. He proceeded lawfully.
It was found that he had a right to reclaim the
fugitive and take him back to his service. After
obtaining his writatColumbus, with United States
officers, he went up to the neighborhood of Ober-
lin. There the slave was arrested; and after the
arrest, a party of persons—Plumb, Peck, and
others of the crowd of disunionists who dishonor
that part of Ohio—rescued him from the custody
of the proper officers of the Government. The
United States officers did not choose to lay under
the particular odium of failing to perform then-
duty. They went to the United States court at
Cleveland, and there had these Oberlin rescuers
indicted. They had them tried—these men who
have, as they claim, the peculiar sanction of God
Almighty to rise above law in this country.
They were indicted and tried at Cleveland. They
were convicted. And what was the result? !
Why, sir, a scheme was got up by theRepub- j
lican party, as I will show you, to break down
that conviction. They started the idea that the
law was unconstitutional. They sent for Judge
Spauldnig, who is the fabricator of the Repub-
lican platform of 185(5. He declared the fugitive
slave law to be unconstitutional. It was urged
that before punishment, the case should be taften
before the supreme court. Down to .the su-
preme court tney went, black and white, law-
yers and politicians, down to Columbus they
liurried, to know whether the law was consti-
tutional or not. What was the result? They
found that we had five judges upon our supreme
bench—thre^ from southern Ohio and two from
northern Ohio. You will bear in mind that there
is a local sectionalism in the Republican party in
Ohio, as there is a sectionalism in the Republi-
can party outside of Ohio. We had five judges
on our supremo bench. They were the tribu-
nal to try the question. Three lived in the South
and two in the North. Judge Swan, one of my
constituents, lived in Columbus. "Now," said
these gentlemen, "we will make those judges de-
cide this law to be unconstitutional. Judge
Swan's time is nearly out—how can we reach
him? We will do it, by bringing this discussion
before the supreme court. If he does not de-
cide that law to be unconstitutional, and release
these men who have been convicted, then we will
puthim to the political torture!" Accordingly, the
eleven counties of the W estern Reserve, which give
the Republicans their majority in the State, were
appealed to; and I want it understood that out
of three hundred and fifty thousand votes cast in
our State, there are one hundred and seventy-
one thousand two hundred and sixty-six good
Democratic voters who have no approbation for
servile insurrection. [Applause upon the Dem-
cratic benches and in the galleries.] In that
State we have a Democracy as firm as any which
the Union can boast!
Well, sir, on this Western Reserve, which raleg
the Republican party in the State of Ohio, these
men asserted that the United States officers ought
to be hung as pirates, and they got together and
formed a society which they called " The Sons of
Liberty." But that would not do. What more
did they do? The gentleman who preceded me
[Air. Corwin] told us about the Cleveland con-
vention, and i would like his attention, that we
may get this matter right before the country.
That convention was intended to intimidate Judge
Swan. They held it, and passed resolutions for
that purpose. When they came to that meet-
ing, ten thousand strong, they marched through
the streets of Cleveland with seditious banners
and seditious music. I saw a description of it in
a Republican paper. First marched the Sons of
Liberty, with Giddmgs at their head—Giddmgs,
who had upon this floor announced himself in favor
of a servile insurrection, as I will 'conclusively
show, notwithstanding the disclaimer of his suc-
cessor yesterday. They marched through the
streets with banners, which were revolutionary
against the Federal Government, end which bore
emblems which found-their out-crop at Harper's
Ferry. One banner is noticeable. On one side
of it is written:
Ashtabula.
Regnante Populo.
On the other:
Sons of Libei (j, 1769.
Down with the Btamp Act!
1859.
Down with tin* fugitive Act!
Not " repeal it," for they were not then in favor
of that, and no Republican that I have ever known,
has nsen in his sjeat here and moved to repeal
that law. And now, though committed to its re-
peal by their resolutions passed in convention,
there is not one of themtogctuphere and move the
repeal of that enactment; and the very gentleman
[Mr. Corwin] upon the committee who reported
the resolution to the convention, and who sus-
tained the nominee placed upon the platform then
laid down, will not vote, as he has told us, in
favor of the repeal of that law. Yes, sir, it was ;
down with tlie fugitive slave law;" not to re-I
peal it, but to crush it in the dust; and, os if to
give significance to their talk upon this subject, !
they marched through the streets to the music of 1
the old French revolutionary song—the Mar-
seilles Hymn, that glorious inspiration of Dem- [
ocracy;that defiance, not against constitutional j
liberty, but against despotic kingcraft. I have i
understood that these " Sons of Liberty" and the S
students from Oberlin sung it in French. Now !
you know our friends from New England, who '
made up the Sons of Liberty, have a nasal twang |
peculiar to their singing, and the French language
ha& the same nasal peculiarity, and-wfei the ttv©
were combined they produced the most thrilling
effect in the streets of Cleveland. [Laughter*]
*dux armes citoyens/ Formes buttallions i ^Gre&t
laughter.] I can imagine how it sounded. They
marched down ten thousand strong and 'appointed
Giddings their chairman. Who is he? We<have
heard him in this Hall. We know who he is,
and of what party are those who stood aro«nd
him here and gave him aid and coiftfoft as
preached disunion and sectional doctrine. .*-?■-
Yesterday, while the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Nelson] was addressing the House in
one of these Union strains, in order to show up
the disunionists, he quoted from the famous or
infamous Giddings appeal in favor of servile in-
surrection, and of which the Harper's Ferry-affair
is the legitimate fruit. But the successor of Gid-
dings arose and denied that that gentleman ever
uttered such a sentiment upon this floor. And I
have recently seen that the Journal of Commerce,
of New York, has been compelled to take back
that sentiment, in consequence of the denial of
Mr. Giddings. But that denial will not do. It
is in the Congressional Globe, word for word, as
the gentleman read it. It will be found on page
648 of the Congressional Globe of the first session
of the Thirty-Third Congress; and I will have-it
read, that gentlemen may see where the seed was
sown of which this servile insurrection at Hai>
per's Ferry was the inevitable sequence.
Mr. PALMER. Will the gentleman yield a
moment, that I may have read, in this*connection,
a resolution adopted 
Mr. COX. Wait until I get through. I know
what that resolution is. Here is what Mr. Gid-
dings said:
" Sir, I would intimidate no one ; but X tell you there is
a spirit in the North which will set at defiance all the low
and unworthy machinaiions of this Executive, and of the
minions of its pow er. When the contest shall come ; when
the thunder shall roll, and the lightning flash; when the
slaves shall rise in the South; when, 111 imitation of the
Cuban bondmen, the southern slaves ot Uie South shall
feel that they are men; when they teel the stirring emo-
tions of immortality, and recognize the stirring truth that
they are .men, and entitled to the rights which God lias be-
stowed upon them; when the slaves &hall feel that, and
when masters shall turn pale and tremble, when their dwell-
ings shall smoke, and dismay sit on each countenance,
then, sir, I do not say ' we will laugh at your calamity, and
mock when your fear cometh/ but I do say, when that
tinip shall come, the lovers of our race will stand forth, and
exert the legitimate powers of this Government for free-
dom. We shall then have constitutional power to act for
the good of oui country, and do justice to the slave. Then
will we strike off the shackles from the hmbsof the slaves.
That will be a peiiod when tins Government will have
power to act between slavciy and fieodom, and when it
can make peace by giving freedom to the slaves. And let
me tell you, Mr. Speaker, that that time hastens. It is
lolling forward. The Presidentisexeitingapowerthat will
hasten it, though not intended by him 1 hail it as I do the
appioaehing dawn of that political and moral millennium
which I am well assuied will come upon the world."
I would not have referred to this matter but for
the denial of Mr. Giddings's successor.
Mr. HUTCHINS. If I mistake not, the ex-
tract read from the Globe is not the extract quoted
by the gentleman from Tennessee yesterday.
That extract is as follows:
" I look forward to the day when there shall be a servilo
insuireetion m the South; when tne black man, armed
with Biitish bayonets, and led on by British officers, shall
asseit his freedom, and wag^ a war ofextei ruination against
his master. And though wo may not mock at their calam-
ity, nor laugh when their fear cometh, yet we will hail it
as the dawn of a political millennium."
Is that, word for word, what the gentleman has
read ?
Mr. COX. I do not know nor care whether it
is word tor word,for I said yesterday that 1 had
not compared it with the original. I said yester-
day that the sentiment was the very same; but
there it is, from the Globe, every whit as obnox-
ious.
Mr. HUTCHINS. That is another thing.
Mr. COX. Let me ask the gentleman if he
indorses that sentiment?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I will say to the gentle-
man that, when the House is organized, and I
can get the floor at the proper time, I will answer
all questions which may be put to me; but I will
not answer any now. [Hisses from the Demo-
cratic benches.] Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ? [Cries of iC Oh,no! that
won't do !"]
Mr. COX. I understand that my colleague
was sent here as the successor of Mr* Giddings,
bemuse he was even yet more radical than was
