1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
destroyed. The claimants, in pursuance of the
requirements of the act of 1834, proceeded to take
proof, exhibiting the value of the property lost,
and filed it with the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, in order that he might adjudicate and pay
the amount as required by the act of 1834. The
Commissioner says that he cannot pay for this
property without an appropriation. lie has ap-
peared btifore the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and has urged that this appropriation be made.
This whole case has been before that committee
during the present session, and a bill has been
reported recommending the payment of this
identical amount. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs has the proofs before him. It is his duty
to estimate the value of the property destroyed,
and to pay for it; but he cannot do it unless the
supplies are furnished him.
Now, I know very well that the act of 1834 is
not well understood by the members of the House.
It was partially repealed at the last session of Con-
gress, but the repeal was nor designed to affect
claims which existed at the time the act was re-
pealed. The Indian intercourse act of 1834 pro-
vides that whenever property is destroyed belong-
ing to persons lawfully in the Indian country,or
whenever Indians shall go from the Indian coun- !
try into portions of country occupied by our own j
people,and there destroy property, itis expiessly !
stimulated by the Government that compensajjon j
shall be made to the claimant, provided always .
that he will not seek redress himself. The very
object of the law—which lias been the policy of
the country for thirty years—was to prevent In-
dian wars along the frontier, which must inevi-
tably follow if each person who lost property was
to become the avenger of his own wrongs. This
is a simple statement of the whole case; and the
Government is as much bound by the act of 1834
to make compensation' for this pi operty as itis to
provide supplies for the Army and Navy.
Now, it is due to candor that I should state t
that these Indians have annuities, and the Com- !
missioner has not seen proper to withhold this j
amount from the annuities, because it was alleged j
that this outrage was committed by an outlawed
* band, and that the more civilized portion of the
tribe had repudiated their conduct, and, after the
massacre at Spirit lake, had pursued those out-
Jaws,and murderedsomeofthem. Now,theCom-
missioner says that it would be wrong to with-
hold from the entire tribe the amount of their
annuities to pay for property destroyed by an
outlawed band, and at a time when the outlaws
had been repudiated and some of them slain by
the Sioux, of whom the offending Indians were a
tribal part.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is correct in one remark which he made,
that this amendment should not have gone to the
Committee of Ways and Means. We ought not
to have considered this matter. The Committee
on Indian Affairs ought pioperly to have had it in
charge. 1 will state briefly why the Committee
of Ways and Means disagreed to this amend-
ment. The Spirit lake country is a surveyed
country, in wini h the Indian title has been ex-
tinguished, and in which our citizens have a right
to settle. These persons were settled, and had
commenced their improvements. This band of
the Sioux Indians, severed, as they were, from
the main tribe, committed these depredations
upon our citizens. The only question is, whether
or not the Government of the United States is re-
sponsible for depredations committed by Indian
tribes upon citizens outside of the Indian country.
I believe it has been heretofore settled in the neg-
ative.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. The intercourse act expressly
provides that where property is destroyed belong-
ing to white persons lawfully in the Indian coun-
try, or where Indians go into any of the States or
Territories of the Union,among ourown people,
and there commit depredations, in either event
the Government pledges itself to pay for that
property, if the party injured does not seek to re-
dress himself; and the only restriction is, that if
they go to the Indian department for relief, they
must apply witlnn three years; but, m any event,
the Government guaranties, eventual indemnity,
and it maKes no difference whetner the Indians,
Come out of the Indian country into territory oc-
cupied by our own people, or the depredations are
committed while our citizens are lawfully in the
Indian country. There is no difference in that
respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee understands the intercourse act differently
from what I do,and I have hearditdiscussed often.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to have the law read?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will read it. It is
follows:
Sec. 17. Jimi be it further enacted. That if any Indi:
Indians, belonging to any ti ibe m amity with the United
States, shall, within the Indian country, take ordestroy the
property of any person lawfully within such country, or
shall pass from the Indian country into any State or Ter-
ritory inhabited hv citizens of the United States, and theie
take, steal, or destroy, any horse, horses, or other property,
belonging to any citizen or inhabitant of the United States,
such citizen oi inhabitant, his representative, attorney, or
agent, may make application to the the proper superin-
tendent, agent, or sub-agent, who, upon being furnished
with the necessary documents and proofs, shall, under di-
rection ol the President, make application to the nation or
tribe to which said Indian or Indians shall belong, lor sat-
isfaction ; and if such nation or tube shall neglect or refuse
to make satisfaction in a leasonable time, not exceeding
twelve months, it shall be the duty of such superintendent,
agent, orsub-agent, to luakt: return of 111* doings to the Com-
missioner of Indian Aflans, th,it such further steps maybe
taken as shall he proper, in the opinion of the President, to
obtain satislaction for the injury ; and in the mean time, in
ie;-pcct to the property so taken, stolen, or destroyed, the
United States guaranty to the party so injured an eventual
indemnification : Provided, That if such injured party, his
representative, attorney, or agent, shall in any way violate
any of the provisions of tins act, by seeking or attempting
to obtain pnvate satisfaction oi revenge, he shall forfeit all
claim upon the United States for such indemnification."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have always understood
the provision of law to be that the Government
would use all its power to compel the Indians to
pay for these depredations out of their annuities.
That is the principle on which we acted in reject-
ing the Georgia and Alabama claims, and 1 tell
the gentleman now that if this claim is allowed,
wo cannot in equity and justice refuse to pay the
Georgia and Alabama claims which were defeated
in the last Congress, because we have already
construed the law to mean that the United States
could compel, by withholding the annuities, the
Indians themselves to pay for depredations com-
mitted by them on our citizens.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will state that the con-
struction has always been that the Government
grants the indemnity whether there are annuities
or not.
Mr. GROW". I propose to reduce the amount
twenty dollars. I offer the amendment simply for
the purpose of enabling me to state the facts of this
case. The point where the Spirit lake massacre
occurred is in the northwest cornerof Iowa, near
| the southwest corner of Minnesota. A few set-
tlers had gone there and erected their houses,
j Ink-pah-du-tali 's-ba nd massacred the entire settle-
H ment, consisting of fifty-one or fifty-two persons,
I! and carried four women into captivity. Now,do
'| these facts come under the non-intercourse law.'
If so, the Government is bound to pay for the
property destroyed. The section just read by the
gentleman from Tennessee showed that the Gov-
ernment is bound to pay for property so destroyed
if the Indian tribe committing the depredation was
in amity with the United States. And here is the
difference between this and the Georgia and Ala-
bama case. The chairman [Mr. Crawford]
shakes his head. Well, sir, I will not assume any
facts in reference to that case ■ If the depreda-
tions were committed by Indians at peace with
this Government, then the Government ought to
pay the claims. If they were in a state of hos-
tilities, then the Government ought not to pay
them. In this particular case, however, there was
no question that these Indians were in a state of
peace with the Government.
The non-intercourse act provided that when-
ever Indians, in a state of peace with the Govern-
ment
legally in the Indian country.
in amity with the Government go into any State
11 or Territory beyond their reservations and com-
11 mit depredations, the Government guaranties the
!| pay. The gentleman from Ohio assumes that the
' pav must always come out of the annuities of the
inilians. Upon that point, 1 beg to read a part
of the section of the non-intercourse act which
the o-enticman from Tennessee di'd not read. This
is the provision of law:
"And if the nation or tribe to which such tribe maybe-
destroyed property belonging to persons
y in the Indian country, or where Indians
long receive an annuity from tbeUnited States, such claim
shall, at the next payment of the annuity, he deducted
therefromand paid to the parly injured; and if no annuity,
is paid from the Treasury of the United States: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall prevent the legal ap-
prehension and punishment of any Indians Having so
offended."
Now, it will be seen by this provision that the
Government guaranties indemnity for all such:
property taken, stolen, and destroyed. TheCom-
missionei* of Indian Affairs, in this case, recog-
nized the obligation of the Government, but, from
the circumstances of the case, could not take it
from the annuities of the Indians; and there was
no fund of the Government out of which he could
pay it.
Now, sir, I repeat that this is a clear case, com-
ing under the non-intercourse act. These settler^
had a right to be there, because it was not Indian
country. They had settled upon lands to which
the Indian title was extinguished. The Indians
were in amity with theUnited States^ They massa-
cred the whole settlement; and there was no means,
therefore, by which the settlers could, if they
had been disposed, chastise the Indians. These
claimants have complied with everything that the
law requires; and 1 think the obligation of the
Government to pay this money is complete. I
withdraw the amendment, if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I object to tha
withdrawal of the amendment. I do it for the
purpose of asking the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs a question. I want to know
whether there was proof before the Committee on
Indian Affairs that these people, who are now
seeking payment for their losses, complied with'
the law of 1834 in all respects? I ask him if they
refused to take the law into their own hands?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. They were all massa-
cred, and there were none left to take vengeance
upon the Indians. The only revenge that was
taken was done by the friendly portion of the
tribe, who pursued and killed part of the lnk-pah-
du-tah band who committed the depredations.
They were a band of the Sioux Indians.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will explain the matter. This massacre took
place about sixty miles from Port Ridgcly. A
military company stationed there proceeded after
these Indians, in order to bring back the captives.
As I said, there were four women taken captives.
Two were killed, and the other two were broight
back. There was no attempt made by these peo-
ple to take revenge, for there were none of the
settlement left.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will state that the in-
jured parties proceeded to take proof, as required
under the intercourse act of 1834. That proof is
now on file in the Indian bureau, but the Com-
missioner cannot pay, because he has not the
money, and he wishes to take further testimony,
because he thinks he can scale the claims so as to
reduce the amount.
Mr. GROW, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I move to increase the amount
twenty-five dollars. I do it for the purpose of
simply saying that I have here in my hand all (lie
proofs that have been filed in the Indian depart-
ment. These parties have complied with the law
in every respect. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. VANDEVER. I propose to amend by
increasing the amount twenty dollars. [Cries of
" Question!"] I do not desire to detain the com-
mittee ; but as many of the parties who are inter-
ested in this claim are my constituents, 1 wish to
make an explanation for the purpose of removing
an impression, which seems to prevail to a certain
extent, that this band was in amity with the Uni-
ted States. They are a part of the Sioux tribe of
Indians, or they may have been outlaws from
their own particular tribe. They were not a por-
tion of any other tribe, and the remainder of the
tribe was in amity with the United States. I hope
it is unnecessary for me, under the circumstances,
to extend these observations. If it is necessary,
there are many other facts in my possession which
would demonstrate that these paities are clcaily
entitled to the consideration of the Government
at this time. I will only make this additional
remark, that the amount recommended by the
Indian Committee is insignificant in comparison
with the injuries inflicted upon these settlers; but
I hope there \v ill be no hesitation in granting thera
this small relief.
