1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109T
dressing this House in his capacity as a party
man or in that of an ally ?
Mr. HASKIN. My position is that rather of
an ally, than of a party man.
Mr. Speaker, I want to go on with my remarks
where I loft off, and to say that during the Thirty-
Fifth Congress just the same kind of combinations
were made in favor of the election of James B.
Steedman, for whom I voted, that I have wit-
nessed during this session when Mr. Defrees, Mr.
Ford, and Mr. Glossbrenner were candidates.
Those combinations disgusted me during the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, j ust as they have disgusted
me during this Congress, as they have existed
upon all sides of the House. It is a known fact
—it was testified to by Mr. C. Wendell, before a
sclect committee of this House at the last session,
of which committee I was chairman—that he was
the Printer of the House de facto. Sir, this House
should never recognize printers de facto, but only
printers de jure. I, for one, will very willingly
vote for any resolution, whether moved by the
gentleman from Oino [Mr. Stanton] or by any
gentleman upon this side of the House, providing
that the man who shall be elected Printer of this
House shall do the work ordere-d, and not under-
let it, trafficking upon the legislation of the coun-
try, by selling out, as Mr. Steedman did during
the last Congress, for thirty thousand dollars and
odd.
Now what are the other facts in relation to this
matter? The Printer of the Senate and the Printer
also Of the executive printing has nothing to do
with the execution of that work further than to
receive his thirty-three and one third per cent,
profit, the whole work being done by Mr. John
C. Rives, the printer of our daily sayings here,
which, in too many instances, I think, were bet-
ter unsaid, or, when said, unreported. The whole
system is rotten, and, for one, I am agreed to dis-
place it by a better one.
Mr. FOUKE. As we are upon this subject, I
have a resolution prepared which 1 should like to
havc read for the information of the House. I
would like to introduce it, and to see it adopted
by this House. It touches all the matters to which
reference has been made. As the other side intro-
duced a series of resolutions for which we cheer-
fully voted, I hope that there will be no objection
to the introduction and adoption of my resolution.
I hope that it will pass by acclamation. It has
. been suggested by the remarks which have been
made by the gentleman from New York. .It has
reference to these subjects and to the organization
of this House. [Cries of" Read it!"" Read it!"]
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the introduction
of any such resolution at this time It is entirely
out of order.
Mr. HASKIN. I will yield to the gentleman
from Illinois to introduce his resolution, when the
proper time arrives for that purpose, I want now
to finish what 1 have to say. The gentleman from
Illinois knows that I would not bo wanting in any
act of courtesy to him. When I get through, he
can offer his resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the introduction
of any resolution whatever.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Speaker, this joint reso-
lution now before us is not retroactive, but pro
spective in its operation.
It has reference exclu-
sively to the printing for this Ilou&e hereafter to
be executed. It provides, that hereafter the print-
ing of this House shall be done by its Printer, and
that the printing of the Senate shall be executed
by its Printer, General George W. Bowman.
Mr. NOELL. Does not the resolution provide
that all the printing ordered, ill the past and for
the future, shall be divided up between the Printer
of the House and the Printer of the Senate ?
Mr. HASKIN. It does not, as I have already
declared. The effect of the provisions of the res-
olution only begins with the passage of the reso-
luiion, and it does not have any effect upon the
printing; already ordered
Mr. NOELL. My understanding was, that, it
authorized the payment to the Printer of the Sen-
ate for all the work which has been given to him,
and then, upon that, that the Printer of the House
should receive pay for the printing ordered by the
House. .
Mr. HASKIN. That is a mistake, for tjie res-
olution intends to do no such thing. The object
of the resolution is simply to reinstate this House
ill its former rights; to give the Printer of this
House the printing ordered by the House,and the
Printer of the Senate the printing ordered by the
Senate. That is the resolution, nothing more and
nothing less. It has for its effect to destroy a
monopoly of the public printing, which has been
given to the Senate Printer by the operation of the
act of Congress passed before the adjournment of
the last session. I say that the House ought to
have the control of its. own printing.
Mr. PRYOR. I think that the gentleman mis-
apprehends the object and the policy of the exist-
ing law. Before the present system was adopted
the Government had to pay for double composi-
tion; that is to say, if a document was ordered to
be printed by the Senate, the Government paid for
composition'there, and if, then, it was ordered to
be printed by the House, the Government paid for
composition h^gCe. Hence the adoption of the law.
There was no motive for the adoption of the law
such as that intimated, for then the Printer of the
House was a Democrat, as was the Printer of the
Senate.
Mr. HASKIN. In answer to the gentleman,
permit me, sir, to say that I know something about
the origin of that law, and the means used to in-
fluence its passage. I know that, anticipatingjust
the result which has taken place in reference to
the organization of this House against the Demo-
cratic party, the men who control the pati'onage
connccted with the public printing pushed it
through. They are always on the scent.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I want to remind
the gentleman that this act originated in the Sen-
ate, as an amendment to the legislative appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. HASKIN. That maybe so; but I will
guaranty that some of those who had something
to do with the public printing, had something to
do also with that amendment in the Senate.
This resolution, sir, proposes that hereafter
there shall be no double composition. It only
provides that the third section of the act of 1859,
which gives this monopoly of the printing to the
Senate Printer, shall be repealed, and that the
Printer of the House shall have the legitimate
patronage belonging to the House, and that the
Printer of the Senate shall have the legitimate
patronage belonging to the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret very much, Mr.
Speaker, that gentlemen upon the other side of the
House cannot agree among themselves as to the
objects they have in view, in pressing this resolu-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gcrley]
says he does not want the patronage and plunder
which others think he and his party seek out of
such legislation as this—he says he would rather
throw it all over to this side, if he could do so.
I suppose th • gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haskin] did not hear the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio,for he entersinto the debate,and
speaks candidly, doubtless,and does not hesitate
to admit that he seeks for his party the spoils, and
says that one object of this resolution, and I have
no doubt the leading, if not the sole object, is
the spoils. He says that, under existing laws, the
House Printer does not get his share, and this
resolution is intended to give him a larger share.
Now I regret, Mr. Speaker, that the professed
disinterested patriotism of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gbrley] is so soon and so thoroughly
exposed and proved not to exist, as it has been
by one of his own friends and colleagues on
the committee. The confessions of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Haskin] fall with
crushing force upon the gentleman from Ohio.
They should have based their proposed legisla-
tion upon principle, and such exposures could not
have been made. The gentleman from Ohio says
this resolution is to enable us to get our docu-
ments at an earlier period. Is that correct? Can
it be so? Is it possible that intelligent, sensible
men can be brought to that conclusion ? How
can they get them sooner? You propose that
the Printer of the House and the Printer of the
Senate shall each receive one half of the charges
for composition. And how r If your House
Printer gets the printing of a document, as a
matter of course, unless your charges are higher
than they should be, he cannot afiord to setup
the document for half pay for composition. JNor
can the Senate Printer do it. Then the result wi
be that the Printer first receiving the order will
print the documents for both Houses, and then
you cannot get it sooner than you do now
lf^he object of this bill be what the gentleman;
from Ohio [Mr. GurleyJ states it to be, it will, if
passed, force a partnership or association between
the Printers of the two Houses; they will have
to do so in self-defense, unless thepay for compo-
sition is double as much now adUltfhould be, and
your documents will be even more delayed, in my
judgment; for both Printers will not set "up the
documents for half price. If the present price is
reasonable and just, and if the present price will
enable them to do the work for half of it, we
should at once reduce it. We cannot expedite the
printing in that way. We know the reasons why
the documents are not now upon our tables. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Guuley] knows that
it has resulted from the fact that we did not or-
ganize until very recently, and did not pass an
order to print our documents. The Printer of the
Senate was ready and willing to print them, but he
didnotknowhow many we wanted or would order.
He had no authority to print them for the House.
I heard one of the gentlemen said to be associated
with the Senate Printer in doing the printing say,
that he was very desirous that the House should
make its order for the printing of its documents,
so that the Printer could enter upon the work; but
the House failed to do so, and that is the reason
why they are not now upon our tables. It is our
own fault, and not the fault of the law. They
were scrambling over the spoils which the gen -
tleman from Ohio says he does not want; but
which the gentleman from New York says he is
exceedingly anxious to grasp, and which the con-
duct of the members of that side of the House
shows is a leading idea with them.
Mr. GURLEY. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Alabama that I was informed last week,
on good Democratic authority, that the work the
Senate ordered some forty -five day sago—the Pres-
ident's message and accompanying documents—
was not one half in type yet, even for that House.
That being the case, at what period of time may
we in this House expect to receive our work?
Mr. HOUSTON. Gentlemen on that side of
the House seem very happy in obtaining Demo-
cratic information; and I must confess, that Dem-
ocrats who propose to communicate their opinions
to the public through such a medium, are liable
to have their Democracy, if not their political in-
tegrity, somewhat questioned. [Laughter.] Gen-
tlemen may laugh; but 1 repeat, that a Demo-
crat will get very little credit for his Democracy
who selects such a medium through which to
make his communications with this House or the
public.
I would like to know of the gentleman from
New York what has become of the binding of this
Congress ? Why is that not' included in these
bills, or some of them, which gentlemen say are
designed to reduce the expenses, and prevent the
corruptions growing out of the public printing and
binding ? Will the gentleman tell me ?
Mr. FOUKE. 1 ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to permit me, while this matter is fresh be-
fore the House, to introduce a resolution,
Mr. HOUSTON. I will hear it read.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
Mr. FOUKE. The gentleman from Alabama
can adopt it as a part of his speech.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will; and ask the Clerk
to read it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five members be appointed,
witiiustructioils to inquire whether any corrupt combina-
tion was made, or proposed to be made, or any corrupt
means used or proposed to be used, by any of the present
officers of tins House, or with the knowledge of any o! them,
to secure or promote the election ot any of them as such
officer* ■ and whether anv of the piesent otficers of this
House have been guilty of corruption or malfeasance in
oliice ; and whether any of their subordinates have been
found guiltv of official corruption or malfeasance, as sub-
ordinate officers of the House of Representatives, during
any previous session of Congi ess ; and that said committee
also inquire whether the expenses ot' the House of Repre-
sentatives may not be ledueed, consistently with the pub-
lic interests, and report in what respects and to what ex
tent. And for the purposes aforesaid, said committee shall
have power to send for persons ami papers, and to report
at any time.
Mr. FOUKE. That resolution has been sug-
gested by the course pursued by gentlemen upon
the other side of the House. It is the resolution
I desired to introduce when my friend fromNew
York [Mr. Haskin] was speaking, and which ;
was objected to by the other side of the House! -
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair, does
