2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. REAGAN. I do not intend to interpose
any objection to this claim. I only wish to call
particular attention to it, because 1 intend to use
it as a precedent in future. I wish to say that
so far as this particular band is concerned, it
was not recognized by the Sioux as a portion of
their tribe, but was a band which had been out-
lawed.
Mr. GROW. These Indians had received their
annuities, as I understand it, up to that very
time, as a portion of the body of the Sioux In-
dians.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman is simply mis-
taken in that.
Mr. GROW. I am not mistaken. I was in
that Indian country at the time. They may not
have received their annuities dircctly from the
Indian agent. It may have been an arrangement
by which the tribe divided the money among
themselves; but this Ink-pah-du-tah band received
a portion of the annuities paid by the Govern-
ment up to that very year.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not pretend to speak
with exact accuracy. My recollection is, that
they were not recognized as a portion of the Sioux
Indians in amity with the United States. They
may have received their annuities on certain oc-
casions, but they were entirely hostile to the
whites, and they were regarded by the Indians
themselves as outlaws. 1 say I do not object to
these claims, though I think that they do not
come strictly within the spirit of the intercourse
law, from the fact that this band was not in a state
of peace with the United States. The ground
upon which this claim is to be allowed, if under
the intercourse act, is upon the ground that the
main body of the tribe was in amity with the
United States, while this band of Indians was
hostile to it.
Mr. VANDEVER. They were living with the
main body of the Sioux all the time, and were in
close intimacy with them every day.
Mr. REAGAN. But I understand that the
friendly portion of the band would not permit
them, 011 several occasions, to come in and have
a portion of the annuity.
Mr, GROW. Mr. Fiandreau, the Indian agent,
paid them all the year before.
Mr, REAGAN. They were sometimes paid,
but it was not common for them to be paid.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CLOPTON. I move the following amend-
ment:
After the word "cents1' in line thirteen hundred and
eighty-six, insert the lollowing:
And lor tho loss ami de<ti action of property or" citizens of
Georgia and Alabama, by tin; depredations of the Creek
Indians, In 1836, 1837, and 1838, the yum of $3-12,000.
I move the amendment for the purpose of re-
imbursing to the citizens of Georgia and Alabama
the losses they sustained during the years men-
tioned in the amendment. It is known) perhaps,
to all the members of this House that this claim
has been, m sonic respects, before the Congress
of the United States for several years past. A
word or two in reforcnccc to the character of the
claim. In and 1825, by a tieaty made with
the Indians within the limits of Georgia, they
were removed to what is known as the Crock
country of Alabama. The Government failed to
make provision to protect the citizens of Alabama,
and the troops thenstationedat Fort Mitchell were
also removed. At the outbreak of the difficulty
with the Indians, the Governor of the State of
Alabama raised a regiment of State troops for the
purpose of protecting the citizens from the hos-
tility of the Indians, and that regiment was dis-
banded by the order of the Executive.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. I
suppose that the gentleman will perceive that these
depredations do not relate to the law upon which
we are now acting. We are trying to execute the
law of 1834. This matter m reference to Geor-
gia was long before that. At any rate, it docs
not come under the law of 1834; and I insist that
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman insists upon
his point of order for the leason he has stated, he
must recollect that this is not a strict application
of the law of 1834; and I cannot permit the objec-
tion to go upon that ground.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we should
allow this amendment; and therefore,! insist upon
the point of order which has been made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to.
Ninety-first amendment:
Insert the following:
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet expenses necessary in holding a coun-
cil with the Red Lake and Red River Chippe was,in the State
•of Minnesota, tor the extinguishment of their title to lands
in that State, said Indians numbering about two thousand
$10,000: Provided, That the goods purchased in ]8o8
for the Yanctonnais band of Sioux, the reception of which
was declined bythem,may be used in tho negotiations with
the said Chippcwas of Red lake and Red river.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. With the consent of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to be added to that amend-
ment:
For payment to Mcriitt S. Young, for one hundred and
forty thousand rations for subsistence furnished to emigra-
ting Pottawatomie^, Chippcwas, and Ottowas, 111 1852, un-
dei a contract with the Indian department, and allowed by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, $U,62o.
T have not much faith that this amendment will
be adopted because it is exactly right; but if the
committee will hear me for a moment, 1 think
they will be convinced that it ougfti to be adopted.
The amendment is to pay for an estimate made
by the Indian department, and to pay a debt
which this Government contracted to pay in 1852.
It is for one hundred and forty thousand rations
furnished the emigrating Pottawatomics, Chippe-
was, and Ottowas, at the low rate of seven and six
sevenths cents perration. The department could
not pay it because it had not a dollar of money
with which to liquidate it; and the contractor has
never received a cent on the contract. I have a
statement of the department showing that the ra-
tions were furnished according to the contract;
and he has been without a dollar of the money
since 1852. The Committee on Indian Affairs
had the matter under consideration, and they
unanimously agreed to report in favor of the
amount. There is, indeed, nothing for this com-
mittee to deliberate upon, as the man furnished
the rations according to contract; and the Com-
missioner states that the proof is upon file in the
oiliee. The Commitee of Ways and Means con-
sented that I might offer the amendment; and I
hope that the House will agree to it.
Mr. REAGAN. I raise no objection to this
amendment; but I widh to statu that there are a
great many applicants for private relief as meri-
toi ious as tin5?. These persons are probably enti-
tled to the amount proposed in the amendment,
but it is in the natuie of an application for private
relief upon a general appropriation bill.
Mr. ETIIERIDGE. I would not have offered
the amendment-, except with the permission of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Texas object. ?
Mr. REAGAN. I will not make a point of
order upon the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the amendment just
adopted:
At the end of the section add the following:
I? 01 the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet expenses in holding a council with
the Arapahoe and Cheyenne Indians <umth of the Platte,
ea-st of the RoeUy Mountains, and noith of the Arkansas
1 ivci, for the extinguishment of their titles to lands m the
region around Pike'n Peak, the sum of §'3.>3000.
I find that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
has recommended this appiopriiitioiifor the Chcy-
cnncs and Arapahoes in the neighborhood of
Pike's Peak. He says in the report, which I hold
in my hand, that some treaties with the Arapahoes,
Cheyennes, Sioux, and other Indians on the plains,
will tend vastly to prevent the perpetration of the
massacres and depredations on property that are
now so justly complained of in the region around
Pike's Peak and on the overland routes to the
Pacific States.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that it is much more
important to treat at present with these Indians
than with any others on the continent. The vast
emigration to that region, and the danger to the
lives of emigrants who will be exposed if these
Indians are left without food, make it very im-
portant to have treaties with these Indians. The
very fact of such an accession of white people to
that region will drive from the country all the
game on which the Indians are accustomed to
live, and will leave them without subsistence. I
trust that, under these circumstances, the com-
mittee will make this appropriation; seeing that
it has been recommended by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and that it is necessary for the
preservation of peace in that part of the country.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 want to ask the gentleman
from Missouri if this is not provided for in that
part of the bill making appropriations for the
Camanches, Kioways,and Apaches, of the Ark-
ansas river?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. No, sir; there are no
Apaches on the Arkansas river. There are Arap-
ahoes; but they arc not provided for at all under
that section.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and a message
was received from the Senate, by the hands of Mr.
Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed ajo'nt resolution ex-
tending the date of the final adjournment of Con-
gress from the 18th to the 25th of June; in which
ne was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. SE&ERMAN. I move to refer the lesolu-
tion to Jfne Committee of Ways and Means.
Thonnotion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumed its session; the question being ou
Mr. Blair's amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to say that our citizens
at Pike's Peak are now in daily apprehension of
these Arapahoes. I have a son at the mimv, u ho
wiites to me that the whole country is in great
peril. The people are occupying the lands of those
Indians, and we ought to have a treaty with them.
The people there arc sitting up night and day,
watching the thousands of Arapahoes who are
now surrounding their camps, if there was not
a necessity for this, I would not ask for the adop-
tion of the amendment.
Mr. OTERO. I move*to amend the amend-
ment, by increasing the amount one dollar. I ask  
the gentleman from Missouri, of what tribe of In-
dians is Colonel William Bent agent?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Cheycnnes.
Mr. OTERO. Is he not also agentfor the Ara-
pahoes, who live around his tent? And are not
the Arapahoes and Cheycnnes incorporated in the
same tribe of Indians?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Not to my knowl-
edge. [ believe not.
Mr. OTERO. There was a treaty made in 1853
with all the prairie Indians, taking in, if I under-
stand aright, the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, Ca-
manches, and Kioways. The object of the treaty
was to allow the emigration and travel across the
plains to be uninterrupted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The paragraph to
which the gentleman refers does not cover any
of these Indians embraced in my amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Mcxico to tho
amendment of my colleague. I desire to say that
a count, made at a fort two or three hundred miles
west of the Missouri liver, shows that more than
forty thousand men, women, and children, have
already passed to the gold region at Pike's Peak.
These Indians are tioublesomo. ] can inform
the gentleman, in reply to his inquiry, that tho
Cheyenne Indians have no tribal relations with
the Indians he speaks of. I understand my col-
league to have copied, in his amendment, the rec-
ommendation of Commissioner Greenwood ver-
batim ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. He certainly would
not have asked for a separate appropriation if
these Indians had any tribal relations with those
Indians, whom Agent Bent could have seen to.
Mr. STOUT. I have no doubt at all as to the
justness of thisappropriation, and I think it ought
to pass, and I will be glad of the opportunity of
seeing what will be the effect 011 the House when
this same argument is used for another quarter,
that has been used for this quarter.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman does not seem
to understand that there is a difference between
Kansas, and Oregon and Texas. If the amend-
ment was as to Oregon and Texas, it would, of
course, be out of order.
