1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
not understand that the resolution is before the
House, and therefore debate is not in order.
Mr. COVODE. I want it brought before the
House.
Mr. MAYNAJID. Is not the gentleman from
Alabama mis'talren in supposing that the binding
is not.also included in these proposed amend-
ments of the law ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that it is not to
be affected atall by the resolution before the House.
Itdoeshot touch the binding, as I understand it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman know
whether or not the binding of the miscellaneous
documents—a very large and heavy job—has
been contracted for by the present Congress?
Mr; HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haskin] can better give that inform-
ation. I understand that the binding for this Con-
gress has been let out; and a charge is floating
about in responsible newspapers—one published
in this city, and of the Republican party—that it
was 1st out by the Committee on Printing, or a
portion of the committee, after they had received
a bid from a responsible party, proposing to do
the binding for a much less sum than that for
whichit was let out. And now the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haskin] comes forth and pre-
sents himself to-day as" an advocate of reform.
He tells you that the patronage and plunder are
what corrupts all political parties. I would like
to know from the gentleman whether the charge
is true; whether it is true that he let out the bind-
ing to apetofhis, and to a gentleman from Ohio,
as it has been charged in the papers ? I would
like to know at what price it was let; whether
there were any other bids for it before the commit-
tee than the one accepted; and whether it was not
contracted to favorites ata price higher than others
proposed to take it ?
Mr. HASKIN. I will state to the gentleman
from -Alabama that there is not a word of truth in
the charge; that the Committee on Public Print-
ing let out the binding to binders of responsibility,
who were the lowest bidders.
I will state, also, that subsequent to the letting
out of the binding, a person connected with a small
newspaper in this city endeavored, as 1 am in-
formed, to levy black mail upon those to whom
the binding had been given. That subject, how-
ever, has been referred, by a resolution introduced
yesterday in my absence, by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] to a committee for
examination.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman tell me
where the parties live who were so fortunate as
to get this binding contract?
Mr. HASKIN., One in Ohio, and one mNew
York.
Mr. HOUSTON. What portion of Now York?
In the gentleman's district?
Mr. HASKIN. Yes; but doing business in
the city of New York.
Mr. HOUSTON. When were the bids sent m
from those who desired to levy black mail? He
admits that bids came before the committee pro-
posing to do the binding at a price lower than that
at which it has been contracted for; and now I
want him to tell this House how that matter
stands. I do not wish to entrap the gentleman;
but, so far as the matter is now before the public.,
and so far as it has reached me, that bid was in
before the contract was made with the parties who
contracted to do the binding. I may be mistaken.
If I am, the gentleman from New York caifcor-
rect me; and I want to know of him, and if he
refuses to speak out, then from some other mem-
ber of the committee, when the other bids were
received by the committee?
Mr. HASKIN. Appreciating, as I do, the
extraordinary colloquial ability of the gentleman,
[Mr. Houston. That does not answer my ques-
tion,] and the clearness with which he states all
his propositions, I am surprised, upon an occa-
sion like this, when we are discussing a bill in
reference to^ the public printing, that he should
interpolate into the discussion a subject which
has already been referred by the House, for spe-
cial investigation, to a committee. I believe he is
one of the oldest members of the House, familiar
with its rules^great oil points of order, [laugh-
ter,] and on calling persons to order; and so be-
lieving, I refer him, for information upon this sub-
ject, to the report of the committee which has that
matter in charge.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the answer that I
might have been satisfied I would get from a mem-
ber who is a little inclined to shun letting the
whole of the transaction come to light.
Mr. HASKIN, Never, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, sir, I will ask the gen-
tleman the question again. When did those other
bids, offering to do the printing at a lower price,
reach the Committee on Printing ? I want to know
the day, because then we can determine something
ourselves.
Mr. HASKIN. Perhaps I had better refer you
to the" chairman of the Committee on Printing on
that subject; but I think the proper course is to
refer you to the committee who has the investiga-
tion in charge.
Mr. HOUSTON.' The gentleman says that a
little newspaper in this city, or pieties connected
with it, have endeavored to levy black mail..
Mr. HASKIN. So I am informed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the paper
referred to is the Republic. 1 am informed that
the editor of that paper charges boldly and clearl y,
and without question or doubt, that the Comnnt-
teeon Printing, or the gentleman from NewYorlc,
or whoever had the matter in charge, did let out
the binding, after his bid was in to do it at a lower
Erice; and that, while the committee had his bid
efore them, they let out the job to parties, one
of whom is living in the district of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Haskin,] .as he has ad-
mitted; and the other, I am informed, in the dis-
trict of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.sherman.]
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to know, from the
distinguished gentleman from Alabama, whether
he has become the champion here of the news-
paper called the Republic, and its editors and pro-
prietors ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir. I am on the side
of the country, and against malpractices. I am
the champion of truth, and of a disclosure of all
the facts implicating parties m these transactions.
Mr. COX. I wish to say a word right here.
It is this: a charge has been made by the gen-
tlqman from New York that there was an attempt
to levy black mail on the men who got this bind-
ing. That charge involves the integrity of Mr.
J. J. Coombs, the proprietor of the Republic
newspaper, who makes these allegations of cor-
ruption as to the giving out of this binding. Now,
Mr. Coombs is well known in Ohio, as he is in
this city. I have in my eye gentlemen on the
other side of the House who know Mr. Coombs
to be an honest, irreproachable man in every re-
spect—as honest as any man who lives in this
city. He is a Republican. He was a Republican
Senator in Ohio. He has never, to my knowl-
edge, had his character impeached by any man;
and I am only surprised that his friends should
sit here and hear this impeachment made of his
character—this charge of an attempt by him to
levy black mail on those men who seem to have
been the favorites and pets of this Printing Com-
mittee. I hope this thing will be thoroughly in-
vestigated. Mr. Coombs calls for this investiga-
tion ; and I believe I do not appeal in vain to the
friends of that gentleman on the other side, as a
matter of personal right to him, that his reputa-
tion shall be cared for when it is assailed by gen-
tlemen on the other side of the Chamber.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say to my col-
league, [Mr. Cox,] that I indorse all he has said
in regard to Mr. Coombs. I failed to say any-
thing about it before, because I thought the intro-
duction of that binding subject into this debate ex-
ceedingly inappropriate and uncalled for. When
the proper time comes, I will be prepared to go
into the subject, anil will be prepared to vindicate
Mr. Coombs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether he has not seen the charge
to which I have referred in regard to the binding?
Mr. STANTON. I answer the gentleman
from Alabama that I know all about it; and when
the subject comes properly before the House, I
am prepared to state what I know about it. But
I will not interpolate it into a debate on another
subject unconnected with it.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed the floor.
Mr. GURLEY. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. GURLEY. I wish simply, as I am chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, to say that that I
committee, in letting out the binding, did nothing
that they are not willing to have presented to
this House iu sunlight. I never read the article
referred to, in the Republic. 1 have heard that it
made certain charges against the committee, and
if what I heard is true of the charge, then 1 say
that the charge is false, and I will demonstrate its
falsity before the committee raised to investigate
the subject. I want it distinctly understood that
we did nothing but what was done unanimously.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may have boon.
Mr. HASKIN. With the permission of the
distinguished gentleman from Alabama 
Mr. TAPPAN. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is, that the present debate is
entirely foreign to the question before the House.
I was m the hopes of having this day devoted to
the consideration of private business, and I called
for the regular order of business when the gentle-
man from Ohio put in his report from the Com-
mittee on Printing; but I understood it to be a
privileged question. I shall now insist on having
this debate confined within some proper limits,
so that, if possible, we may after some time get
through with it. I insist that gentlemen shall be
confined to the subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection being
taken, the debate, iu the opinion of the Chair, is
out of order. The time of the gentleman from
Alabama has expired.
Mr. GROW. I move the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust my colleague will
withdraw the call for the previous question for a
single moment. [Cries.of "No!" "No!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is in
order. The question is on seconding the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; which was on recom-
mitting the joint resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the joint reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call for the yeas and
nays on that. *
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I renew the motion to
lay the bill upon the table; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask that the
resolution be read.
The Clerk again read the joint resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG, oflllinois. I ask for the read-
ing of the third section of the law referred to in
the resolution. I desire to see if the provision is
in that section that the office of Printer shall not
be transferred or sold.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. It is.
Several Members objected to the reading.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reading of
the section is not in order. It would be in the
nature of debate, if there were no other obstacle
to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the motion
to lay on the table fails, will not the next ques-
tion be upon the motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I want it understood that
if the bill is recommitted, it cannot be amended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Certainly it
can.
The question was taken on Mr. Barksdale's
motion; and it was decided in the afilnuutive 
yeas 98, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
derson, Ashmore, Avery, Bocoek, Bonbajn, Boulisnv,
Branson, Bristow, Biiffimon, Bureli, Burnett, Cake, John B.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane. Cox. James C'raic,
Burton Crai«e, Crawford, Curry, Johii G. Davis. Reuben
Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson, Ethemlge f-Vr'rv, Flor-
ence, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hat-
ton, IIill, Hindman, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Wiiltam Kellogi:, Kiteore. Kill-
inger, Lamar, Laridrum, Larrabco, I,eake, Logan, Love,
Maelay, Charles D. Martin, Elbert H. Martin, Maynard,
McCIernand, McPhersoii, McQueen, MeRae, Miles, Mill-
son. Montgomery, JLaban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Morrill, Nelson, Mblack, Noeli, Pendleton, Peyton, Pr>or.
Pugh, Reagan, Christopher Hobinson, Ruflm, Scott, Sirnnr?
William Smith. William N. H. Smith, Stallworth, Stanton,
Stevenson, William Stewart, Stoicca, Stout, Tompkins.
Lndervvood, VaJIandigham, Vance, vandevcr. Waidion,
EIUliu B. Washburne, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson, and
Wright—98. '
NAYS—Messrs. Charles P. Adams, AUlrieh, Ashley,
Babbitt, Bingham, Biatr, Biakc, Binlinganie, Burnluun,
Campbell, Carey, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Curtis, T)ei-
