2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I never wish to see the States of
this Union placed in the relation of debtors to the
General Government; yet that is the effect of it
necessarily. "VVe have had some experience of
that in refercncc to the donation of public money
by way of deposit in the States. We know what the
result would be. The States would become, under
this provision, the debtors of the General Govern-
ment for the land*so!d by them; you would never
get the money, and it would complicate our rela-
tions. The States and the Federal Government
ought not to stand in that relation, in my judg-
ment. I can never vote for it.
Mr. RICE. The honorable Senator makes a
mistake in this regard: I do not propose by the
amendment to ccde to the States the land until
they have paid this amount. The States, there-
fore, will not stand in the relation of debtors.
Mr. "BAYARD. It complicates their relations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 trust the
amendment may not be adopted. It is a new sub-
ject, and is offered without much consideration
here. 1 think the effect of it will be to prevent
any action on this bill that may be wise, and
which is designed for the protection of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, as well as to save
the States themselves from serious difficulty if it
should be. passed and should become a law.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate bill
having hern perfected, the Senator from Ohio
moves to stiike out all after the enacting clause of
the bill, and insert what is known as the House
bill. Shall the amendment be read? ["Oh! no."]
Upon this question, the yeas and nays are de-
manded.
The yeas and nays'werc ordered.
Mr. RICE. What has become of the amend-
ment which 1 just offered5
The VICE ^RESJDEJNT. It wis rejected.
Mr. ItiCE. I wish to appeal to the Senate.
The amendment 1 offered certainly was not un-
derstood by the Senate. I will merely remark 
The VICE PRESIDENT. What motion does
the Senator make ? "
Mr. RICE 1 merely ask a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been voted
on.
Mr. RICE. Then 1 merely wish to .say that
the friends of the amendment did not understand
it alight.
Mr. WADE. The quest inn now is on substi-
tuting, fortius bill of the Senate, the bill as it eame
from the House. That is the naked proposition.
The hill is understood by everybody, and I do
not wish to say a word upon it. Let us have the
vote by yeas and nays.
The V'iCE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to substitute the House bill for the
Senate bill, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered. The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 30; as follows:
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chan-
dler, (Jiaik, Collamei, Dixon, Doohtllo. Douglas, Durkec,
Foster,(Jriuic.% Hale, H.imlm, Nailuu, King, Kier,Rewind,
Simmons. Sumner, Ton Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Mosms. Bayaul, Bi^'ler, Brass;, IJright, Brown,
<'hosnut, Cl.iv, ('lineman, Ihivj-., Fit/.pan 10 k, (*iepn,G win,
li.'irmnonrl, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson ot Aikan«;w, John-
son ol Temi'^seo, f,anr, Laiiiam, iMa-on, Nicholson,
Pcatoe, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Hebat-naii, Shdell, Toombs.,
Wigl'all, and Yulec—-CJ0.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. WILKINSON. As the bill now stands,
I do not regard it as wortli much, and therefoie I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the homestead policy—of "lands for the land-
less and homes for the homeless." 1 believe the
policy to be wise and beneficent; for the endur-
ing interest of the old States as well as the new;
and for the inteicsts especially of the young men
of the country, who seek homes in the West.
Anxious to act, I have forborne to speak, he-
iieving my vote of more value than my voice.
The vote is now to be taken, and I desire, now, to
to say that I am in favor of the House bill, not in
favor of the Senate bill, as againstthe more liberal
bill of the Representatives of the people. The
House bill is a real homestead bill, securing to
young unmarried men a homestead; and securing
also to the settlers now on the public lands in thfe
new States—in Kansas, Nebraska, Washington,
and the other Tenitories—free homes. The pas-
sage of the House bill would carry speedy relief to
the hardy pioneer settlers, now toiling and strug-
gling with adverse fortunes, amid the pecuniary
embarrassments pressing upon the Northwest.
But the House bill has been strangled in the com-
mittee and in the Senate. It is lost, and if we vote
down this bill, all is lost for this session. If we,
who are for the House bill, now defeated here,
vote against this bill, nothing will be achieved,
and we shall be held responsible for defeating a
measure more liberal than the existing laws.
Wo who are in favor of a homestead bill—not a
graduation bill—cannot, by defeating this Senate
graduation bill, secure the passage of the House
homestead bill.
I shall therefore, sir, vote for this bill, and I
shall do so in the hope that the Representatives of
the people will firmly adhere to their homestead
bill. Yes, sir, I shall vote, and I hope my friends
on this side of the Chamber will vote, for this bill
in the confident hope that the House will amend
it by substituting their own bill, and thereby
give Senators another opportunity to record their
votes for a genuine homestead measure. But
should the House of Representatives accept this
partial measure, something will be gained by its
enactment; therefore I shall vote for the bill, and
leave the issue in the hands of the Representa-
tives. If they stand firm by their measure, I think
the Senate will recede from its position, and ac-
cept the homestead bill of the House; atany rate,
1 am sure that we shall sccurc to young unmarried
men homesteads, and to actual settlers now on the
public domain in the new States and the Territories
the relief they now so much need.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am very much in the same
situation with the Senator from Massachusetts,
with this distinction: I am against the bill, and I
am going to vote against it; I am going to leave
a record consistent with my judgment. I think
the bill is wrong. I do not think there would
be much harm in worshiping it, for I do not
think it bears any similitude to anything above
the earth or beneath the skies that you can call a
homestead. The men who have taken it under
their peculiar care are the enemies of the home-
stead principle, and they propose to pass it. I
am perfectly willing they should do so; but they
tell us, and they teli us very frankly, that it is not
a homestead bill, and it is not. Now sir, it being
no homestead bill, 1 will not vote for it. I voted
to substitute the House bill for this bill; but those
who have the control of the matter have put it
into a position which I think is unjust. There
are things in that bill for which I cannot vote.
There are things that ought to go into it to make
it justifiable, to enable me to give itmy vote. For
these reasons I shall vote against it.
Mr. MASON. I want to know, in order that
I may vote understanding^, what will be the ef-
fect of a vote rejecting this hill? The question is
upon the engiossment of the bill reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, the
honorable Senator from Arkansas. Now, if that
bill is rejected, what will be the position of the bill
sent us from the House, with which it has been
in competition? Will it be equivalent to a rejec-
tion of the House bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Virginia that there is a
House bill before the Senate", but not connected
with this bill.
Mr. MASON. I understood, Mr. President,
if I can be heard when there is so much confusion
in the Chamber 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate be
good enough to come to order, that the Senator
from Virginia may procecd 5
Mr. MASON. Not that I would interfere with
the convenience of Senators, that they might hear
me, but 1 really desire that I may hear the Presid-
ing Officer on this question. 1 understood that
the bill from the House, that came to us in reg-
ular parliamentary form, was referred, together
with 'he amendment that was offered to it, to the
Committee on Public Lands; and the Committee
on Public Lands, in dealing with the House bill,
reported this bill by way of amendment, as a sub-
stitute. That is my understanding of it.
Mr.PUGH. This is a new bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the House bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
reported back without amendment. The House
bill cannot bo destroyed without the action of the
Senate upon it. It remains before the Senate, aa
the Chair understands.
Mr. MASON. If the Chair will indulge me
a moment, I only want to get the facts; I do not
desire any controversy. I want to vote under-
standingly. When the House bill came to us, as
a matter of course it was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and was reported back by
that committee; but at a subsequent peiiod, within
the last two weeks, upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] the Senate
bill and the House bill, with the amendments that
were offered to them, were recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands; and the result was
the reporting of the present bill as a substitution
for the whole. That is my recollection. Now,
all I want to be certain about is  if we reject this
bill, whether it will be equally a rejection of the
House bill; or whether, if we reject this bill, the
House bill will stand before us as an act of the
House, demanding our action. If we pass this
bill, what becomes of the House bill5
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is still upon the
Calendar, the Cliair thinks, as at present advised.
Mr. WADE. My opinion was, at the time,
that the Senatorfrom Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who
was then m the chair, committed an error when
this bill was reported back. I contended that it
was an amendment to the House bill, and moved
to take up the House bill. The Chair, however,
said that that bill was merged in these proceed-
ings, and that this was a Senate bill, seeming.to
annihilate the House bill, which I did not believe
could be done by the committee at all. That was
my judgment; but I did not care much about it,
inasmuch as we could move to amend it by add-
ing the House bill, and I did not contcnd about
it. I think this was all owing to an error of rul-
ing of the Presiding Officer at that time.
While I am up, I barely wish to say upon tins
subject that this bill comes far short of my ideas
of a homestead bill. Indeed, it is a very narrow
provision, and can be of no considerable benefit,
m my judgment, to settlers except so far as it
gives a reprieve of two years to those who are
under condemnation now of losing their lands. It
is by reason of this provision in the bill that I
shall vote for it. Were it not for that, I should
not suppose it worth one straw to settlers. It is
not a homestead bill. That of the House was
well considered; it was really what it purported
to be—a homestead bill enabling- every man that
was willing to go into the wilderness to settle
upon one hundred and sixty acres of land, subject
to preemption, to take the title to it after he had
been on it for five years. I was perfectly willing
and anxious that such a bill should pass; but this
does no such thing. However, I shall vote for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel it due that I should
say, after the remarks of the Senator from Ohio,
that I think the Chair ruled right in regard to this
question; and it may not be also improper for me
to say that the Vice President was not in the
chair when the ruling took place.
Mr. WADE. I said it was the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I think the ruling wa«
correct, and that no other conclusion could"luive
been arrived at. The committee reported an in-
dependent bill to be acted upon, and the House
bill remains on the Calendar, liable to be called
up at any time. However, I merely desired to
say that I did not think any reflection on the
Chair wns just, under the circumstances.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In order that we may ar-
rive nt a practical result, I hope the Senate will
unanimously consent now to take up the House
bill; and if the majority of the Senate are determ-
ined to substitute the Senate bill for the House
bill, let it be done; and then it will go back to the
House, and we can have practical legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to that course ?
Several Senators objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
