1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
made, it cannot be done. The question is upon
the engrossment and third reading of the Senate
bill.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, and read a third time. 11 was read the third
time; and on the question "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr.CLINGMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I only desire to say that, as I
understand the posture of the question, there may
be some embarrassment in relation to the vote of.
some Senators, unless we can understand it. I
have here before me a copy of the Journal, by
which it appears that the Senator from Arkansas,
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
made the following report from that committee:
" To whom were recommitted tlie bill (U. K. No. 980) ' to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public dotnam,'
with all the amendments proposed thereto, and the bill (S.
No. 1) ' to grant to any person who is the head of a family,
and a citizen of the U nitcd States, a homef-tead of one liu n-
dred and .sixty acres of land, outot the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same for the
period herein specified,' with all the amendments proposed
thereto, repoited the said bills, without amendment; and
a bill (S. No. 416) 'to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain, and for other purposes.'"
Which is the bill now before us. Now it seems
to me if we pass this bill, it of course will go to
the House; we pass it as an original m'easure of
the Senate ; that whether it was m competition
with the bill which came from the House or not,
it has been divested of that competition, and is
passed as an original bill of the Senate, and that
the House bill remains upon our Calendar, as any
other Hill from the House, to take its position un-
der our action.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only rise to express a con-
currence in opinion with the position which is
assumed by the Senator from Virginia. It seems
to me there can be no doubt whatever about that
position.
Mr. PUfrH. The Senator from Massachusetts
made a remark a little while ago that I would like
to have him explain. Ho said the House bill was
strangled in committee.
Mr. WILSON. I said that it was strangled in
committee and in the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. It has not been strangled at all.
It has been reported back by the committee and
is upon the Calendar. If the Senator means to
submit a question whether that hill shall pass or
not, I cannot speak for others, but as for myself,
I never will vote for it. You may call it a home-
stead bill; I call it a bill to steal the public lands.
I am ready to vote a homestead on correct prin-
ciples. I had rather that this bill had been more
liberal in many of its details, but I have been com-
pelled, like others, to yield much. As to the
House bill, no conceivable circumstance, except
the instruction of the Ohio Legislature, could in-
duce rat to vote for it. On this side  
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I raise a point
of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fiom
Ohio will pause. The Senator from Arkansas
rises to a point of order.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me one moment, and I will
let him speak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas raises a point of order. He will state
his point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. My point of
order is, that the House bill is not under consid-
eration here, and is not now a matter of discus-
sion, and whatever may be its present condition
is not of any consequence at present. It is a mat-
ter that can be acted upon hereafter. It is not in
older to consider it at this time, and I shall be
rtmipelled, if sustained by the Chair, to insist
upon the point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ChaiT cannot
sustain that p.oint of order. The question is upon
the passage of this bill, and the Senator has a
right to speak upon it.
"Mr. PUGH. 1 shall not speak further about
the House bill, but to the Senate bill now. I
say to the Senator from Maine, if he and his
friends wish to defeat this bill, let them take the
responsibility of doing it, and that will be the end
of the question at this session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That remark of the Sen-
ator from Ohio I desire to reply to. I have seen
the manner m which this homestead bill has been
treated in the Senate,and it seems that the Sena-
tor from Ohio is now talking about the respons-
ibility of the defeat of the real homestead meas-
ure. What have we seen here? We have seen
a bill gotten up and brought before the Senate by
the opponents of any homestead measure, united
with a few persons, the Senator from Ohio and
some others, in a shape that is objectionable to
the great body of the friends of a true homestead
lav/. The friends of the real homestead bill upon
this side of the Chamber are voting unanimously
for the House bill, and we need but half a dozen
votes to carry it; but there are a few persons pro-
fessing, at least, to be friends of a homestead bill,
like the Senator from Ohio, who unite with the
opponents of such a measure and present a bill
objectionable to the great majority of the advo-
cates of a true homestead policy—and the result
is, wo are called upon to vote oil a bill which
probably could not get a dozen votes in the Sen-
ate, among the true friends of the homestead pol-
icy, as against the House bill, which has more
than twice that number in its favor. How have
you got this bill here? Not by the votes of the
friends of the real homestead; but by the enemies
of any homestead provision, united with a few
friends of the measure. They present to us a bill
objectionable in many of its features, and then talk
to us about the responsibility of defeating a home-
stead bill, unless we take this. If the settlers on
the public lands do not have their homes secured
to them, it is not because we, oil this side of the
Chamber, have not struggled for the passage of
a genuine homestead law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say a word in
this stage of the proceeding. If the object of the
friends of the homestead bill bo truly and sin-
cerely to promote the interests of the settlers on
the public lands, I do not think that there can be
a moment's hesitation in voting for the bill as it
now stands before theSenate. JNo man can deny
but what there are provisions in this bill which
are of vast importance to the settlers. Itmaynot
accomplish all the objects that we have in view.
It does not accomplish near all the objects I had
in view. It is not what I desire. 1 had enter-
tained the fond hope that we could have (lone bet-
ter. But, sir, we have done so much now that
we cannot stand justified if we refuse to take what
is now so generously extended to us merely be-
cause we cannot get all we want. Sir, there is
one feature in this bill of itself of vast importance.
It gives to these settlers two years at least to save
their homes. If they do not get any better pro-
vision at the end of that time, they have at least
that two years' respite, and then it gives them
the lands at twenty-five cents an acre, instead of
§1 25. Is it of no service to the settler that he
gets his farm at twenty-five cents, instead of $1 25
an acre ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has to pay $1 25, just
the same under this bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then it is not as satisfac-
tory as I had hoped; it is still more objectionable.
But still it gives the two yeais; and how can we |
refuse the grant of two years, accomplishing all
we ask for that length of time, and giving them a
chancc to save themselves afterwards instead of
taking it away from them now and afterwards?
Even that two years'provision is of sufficient im-
portance to control my vote.
Mr. GREEN. I want to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois another advantage. Under the
old law, if the preemptor could not pay at the
proper time for the whole quarter section,he for-
feited all. Now he can pay for just whatever ho
is able to pay.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely. There are many
advantages.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WIGFALL. Before the announcement of
the vote, I desire to say that, in voting on this
question, I was not aware that it was upon the
final passage of the bill. I had paired off on that
question with the Senator from Indiana, Mr.
Fitch; and I therefore ask that my vote may not
be counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous eon-
sent, the Senator's name can be erased. Tim Chan-
hears no objection.
The result was then announced—yeas 44, nays
8; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, bright,
Blown, Cameron, Chandlei, Cliesnut, Clark, Clay, OOlla
mer, Davis, Dixon, Doohttic, Douglas, Burkee, F"zPa ™>
Foster, Green, Grimes, Gvvin, Hale,.Hammond, Harlan,
Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Puirii, Rice, Sebas-
tian, Sevviud, BlideU, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilson, and Ynlee—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Brags, Clineman, Hamlin, Hunter, Ma-
son, Pearce, Powell, and Tooinbs—8.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the title accurately
describes the bill. My opinion is, that an accu-
rate description of this bill would be: A bill
amendatory of the several acts for the disposal
of the public domain, and to perfect the existing
system in regard to the settlement thereof. I
have not interfered with this bill. I do not now
propose to do so. The gentlemen who have had
charge of it perfected it, and I shall not propose
to amend it. I feel it, however, due to myself to
say that, in voting for the bill, it has been because
of the character of the bill; and what I have read,
I think, exactly recites it, and would be a proper
title.
Several Senators. Move it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to amend the
title of the bill. I say I leave that to the gentle-
men who have introduced the bill. If the title
suits them I shall not interfere with it. I merely
wished, however, to state what I considered a
description of the bill itself, having voted for it.
I regard it as a revenue measure; a measure which
is to restrict the executive power over the public
domain; to limit the time within which he can
withhold it from sale; to hasten the time at which
it can be transferred to the States within which it
lies, and an improvement upon the existing laws;
carrying many benefits with it; reducing the num-
ber of public officers; removing the temptations
to corruption in relation to the public domain; in-
creasing the difficulties of perjury and suborna-
tion of perjury, and therefore that it is to bo a
good law; but I vote for it with what I consider
a bad title.
Mr. WILKINSON. I had prepared an amend-
ment to the title that I proposed to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. • It is in order,
as there is no amendment pending.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is this: A bill to ex-
tend the time of payment by the actual settlers
upon the public lands, and for other purposes.
Mr. PUGH. I prefer the other title. I do not
care much about it myself.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the name will not
be changed. The committee who brought it in
gave it its name; and why not let it stand? The
friends of the bill, the originators of it, have
christened it; and I hope that it may be passed
with the name that originally belonged to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. On consider-
ation, since the Senator from Mississippi pre-
sented his proposition, I have calculated that it
would be best to continue the caption of the bill
as it is. The bill goes on and provides for home-
steads out of the public domain, and for other
purposes. The Senator's title is ucry descriptive,
it is true, and a correct index of what the bill con-
tains; but the reading of the caption of the bill
itself, and the addition of the words " and for other
purposes," embraces all the description given,
and, with the Senator's explanation, it shows his
understanding of the bill. The committee thought
this would be the best caption that could be put
to the bill, embracing the substance of all the
propositions that had been submitted to them for
consideration; and I hope the Senate will now
acquiesce in the title reported by the committee
for the hill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to say a single
word, not to detain the Senate. This bill^ contains
provisions which I could not vote against, and
therefore I voted for the bill, while it is not a home-
stead bill m the broad, true acceptation of the
term. It is not whatthe people expect when they
petition Congress for a homestead bill,and when
they demand of Congress to pass a homestead
law. It is not such a bill as the people expect to
receive from Congress. It has some provisions
in it which are of benefit to actual settlers upon
the public lands. They were stated by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. Among them was one for the
extension of the time of payment. I could not
refuse to vote for a provision of that kind. Now,
I wish the name of the bill to indicate the objects,-
j the purposes, and the character of the measure
! itself. For that reason I have offered the amend-
I ment to the title; and I hope we shall have here-
i after a real, true homestead bill. -
