1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3099
ano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Foster, Frank, French,
Gilmer, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hall, Haskin, HelmioR,
Hoard, Humphrey, Hatching, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Loveioy, McKean, Mc-
Knight, Millward, Mourhead, Edward Joy Morris, Olm,
Perry, Porter, Potter, Eice, Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Tappan, Train, Trimble, Van
Wyck, Verree, Walton, Israel Washburn, Weils, Win-
dom, and Woodruff—65.
So the joint resolution was laid upon the table.
During the call,
Mr. BARKSDALE, when his name was called,
said: There seems to be some misapprehension
about this matter. I desire to say that, as the
joint resolution has been engrossed, it cannot be
amended if recommitted. [Cries of "Order!
"Order!"]
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why do you object?
Mr. BINGHAM. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Do you want to smother
the facts in relation to this joint resolution?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Order! Order!
Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAWES stated that he had paired off for
the day with Mr. CoorER.
Mr. GOOCH stated that he had paired for the
day with Mr. Barrett.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that he was paired
off with Mr. Burroughs.
Mr. THEAKER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Davidson.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. YALLAND1GHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. . .
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a privi-
leged question also.
Mr. FLORENCE. I addressed the Chair first.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
no doubt the gentleman from Pennsylvania ad-
dressed the Chair. He most constantly does so.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. It is a privilege that he en-
joys occupying a seat upon this floor, and he is
perfectly aware of the responsibility that attaches
to it- •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair agrees
to all that the gentleman from Pennsylvania re-
marked, and agrees feelingly. [Laughter.] The
Chair recognized, however, the gentleman from
Ohio, to the best of his ability and notice.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
laid upon the table; and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a privileged questien.
I move that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DTJELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kilgore
and Pugh were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 59, noes G7.
So the House refused to adjourn. (
The question recurred on Mr. Vallandigham s
motion; and being put, the rnotion was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
And then, on motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Mary-
land, (at a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 12, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gcrley.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying that the militia who served m the
war of 1812, and the widows of those who have
died, or may hereafter die, may be placed on the
pension roll, in like manner as those who served
m the revolutionary war; which were referred to
the Committes on Pensions.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of David E.
Boies, and others, praying that the militia of the
Indian wars, and of that of 1812, may be placed
on the same footing in regard to bounty land as
those who served in the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of J. H.
Merrill, praying that his claim, which has been
reported against by the Court of Claims, may be
considered on its merits; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BIGLER presented additional papers rela-
tive to the memorial of George W. Bonnin, pray-
ing that his pension be increased; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMMOND presented a presentment of
the grand jury at the late term of the district court
of the United States in Charleston, South Caro-
lina, in reference to the condition of the court-
house and jail in that city; which was referred to
the Committee on'tlie Judiciary.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Deb-
orah Stevens Witham, praying a warrant for
bounty land,on account of the services of her first
husband in the war of 1812, upon the surrender
of her present certificate, which is no longer avail-
able; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of merchants
and underwriters of New York, praying that
the Isabel, or some other suitable vessel, be em-
ployed to carry the mail between Charleston,
South Carolina, Cuba, and Key West; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented six petitions of man-
ufacturers and others, of Schuylkill county, Penn-
sylvania, praying such a modification of the tariff
as will protect the industrial interests of the coun-
try; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of George W. Bonmn, for an increase
of his pension; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. DAYIS presented the memorial of Majors
& Russell, praying indemnity for losses, and pay-
ment for transportation of military stores and
supplies, in the year 1857; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
- He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Michigan, in favor of the enactment of a law
authorizing the Secretary of War to detail Army
officers for proper military instruction of the uni-
formed volunteer companies of that State; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN presented.a petition of citizens
of Black Hawk county, Iowa, praying that a
pension be allowed John Morgan, on account of
his military services; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Ihomasto.
Piersol and others, praying that pensions be al-
lowed the surviving militia of the war of 181-5,
and the widows of those deceased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORT FROM A C03I11ITTEE.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mary
K. Guthrie, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 268) for the relief of Mary K.Gutli-
rie, widow of Presley H. Guthrie; which was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF ArfSILL.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the bill (S. No.
265) to enlarge the public grounds surrounding
the Capitol, was ordered to be printed.
NOTICES Oi' BILLS.
Mr. TOOMBS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to increase the salary
of the judge of the district court of the United
States,'in Georgia. .
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his .intention to
ask leave to introduce abill appropriating f  0U,UUU
for the continuation of the Capitol extension.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TEN EYCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b.JNo.
267) f®' the more complete equipment of the life-
saving stations on the coasts of Long Island and1
New Jersey; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. IVERSON asked, and by u^sSimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce fclill (S. No.
266) to extend the provisions of the act of June
3, 1856, to certain lands in Florida, for the ben-
efit of the Girard and Mobile railroad; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had this day approved and signed
an act (S. No. 26) to extend the provisions of
"An act to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits," to Minnesota and Oregon, and for other
purposes.
POST OFFICE BLANKS.
Mr. KING. I desire to introduce a resolution
which I do not think will take up any time. It
is a joint resolution from the select committee on
printing.
The resolution (S. No. 19) suspending the oper-
ation of the fifth section of " An act making ap-
propriations to defray the deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 3d,
1859, and in part for the support of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1860,"
being the section relating to printing, was read a
first time by its title, and ordered to a second
Mr.^fclNG. The special committee, of which
I am a member, upon an investigation, have as-
certained that the amendment to the Post Office
deficiency bill offered the other day by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] and passed by
the Senate, does not accomplish the purpose, or
reach the design intended by it; and the committee
have unanimously directed me to offer this joint
resolution, which I trust will now receive the
action of the Senate, and go to the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object, until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it must lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. SLID ELL subsequently said* The Senator
from Georgia did not understand the scope of the
joint resolution presented by the Senator from
New York from the select committee of investi-
gation into printing matters. The report of the
committee is unanimous, and there is urgent ne-
cessity for the immediate passage ofthe resolution.
I hope it will be taken up and passed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. KING. I hope it will be taken up now
and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion having been once read, will now receive its
further readings, if there be no objection.
Mr. FITCH. I trust the joint resolution will
pass. The bill which it is to suspend the opera-
tion of does not correct the abuse which it was
designed to meet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unanimous con-
sent has been asked to consider further the joint
resolution. The Chair hears no objection. ^
The joint resolution was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs that the fifth section of the " Act making
appropriations to defray the deficiencies in-the
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1859, and in part for the support of the Post Of-
fice Department for the year ending June 30,
1860," being the section relating to printing, be
suspended until the further action of Congress on
the subject. . . .
Mr. KING. 1 am inquired of, what this is tor
It is a proposition which has received the unan-
imous consent of the committee and the Superin-
tendent. We have consulted everybody who is in-
terested in it—the Department and all—and unless
the operation ofthe law be suspended, a contract
will be made which we all deem ought not to be
made; and we therefore propose that it shall not
be d one until we have fully the information which
will enable us to state satisfactorily to ourselves
the reason for the passage of a lo-«,hereafler.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
