1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
298?
Mr. CIIAIG, of Missouri. I understand this
much of it. I understand that no part of the Uni-
ted States Army is taking care of these forty
thousand American citizens at Pike's Peak; and
I understand that the army is stationed on the
Texan border; and also, that the constituents of
the gentleman from Oregon have occasional pro-
tection. I undertake further to say, that this is a
great thoroughfare which needs protection more
than all other places put together.
Mr. REAGAN. I suppose the gentleman has
heard nothing of people being killed out there.
He simply knows that they have stood guard.
But here is evidence that more than a hundred
persons have been killed on our frontier this year,
and double the number carried into captivity.
That is the protection we receive.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman mis-
takes me. I am in favor of giving the necessary
protection to Texas.
Mr. OTERO. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Blair, of Missouri; and it was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
concurred in.
Ninety-second amendment:
Sec. 2. *3nd be it further enacted, That nothing contained
in the act to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, approved June 30, 1834, or m any act supplemental
thereto, shall be so construed as to inflict any penalty or
punishment upon any one who in good faith shall intro-
duce any wines or spirituous liquors into any Indian coun-
try, only with the intent and purpose of transporting the
same from one State or Territory to another State or Ter-
ritory of tiie United States, or from one place to another in
the same State or Territory.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise, for the purpose of acting on these
amendments in the House. But before doing so,
I ask that the amendments of the Senate to the
Army appropriation bill may be taken up pro
forma, for the purpose of enabling me to offer a
resolution in the House.
There being no objection, the amendments of
the Senate to the Army appropriation bill were
taken up for consideration.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire what
became of the joint resolution from the Senate
with refeience to the adjournment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Itwas referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Could that be done in the
Committee of the Whole ? It strikes me that the
resolution ought not to have been referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not?
Mr. BARKSDALE. It ought to be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House. For one, I
am in favor of adjourning on Monday. I believe
that all the business can be transacted, that ought
to be transacted, in that time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will re-
member that the committee rose, and the resolu-
tion from the Senate was received by the Speaker.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My recollection was that
we were in the Committee of the Whole; but of
course I was mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee could not
receive a message from the Senate. _ The com-
mittee rose, and the message was received by the
Speaker.
The question was taken on the motion to rise;
and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Crawford reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the amendments of the Senate to-.the In-
dian appropriation bill, and had instructed-him
to report the same to the House, with the recom-
mendation that some of said amendments bo con-
curred in, that some be concurred in with amend-
ments, and that others be non-concurred in.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution changing the time
for the adjournment of Congress was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table. 1 will
simply say that, if \vc can possibly get through
by Monday, as a matter of course we will not
concur in the resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire if the
gentleman does not believe that all the business
can be finished by Monday?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot express any belief
upon that subject yet. The proceedings of last
night did not show any indication of it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am satisfied that fill the
business can be done, that ought to be done, by
Monday. I desire that the House shall under-
stand the question. I ask the Speaker to state
what the question now is. For one, I am op-
posed to laying the motion'to reconsider upon the
table, and 1 hope the House will vote it down. I
hope the vote will be reconsidered, and that the
resolution will be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
ought to go.
Sir. VALLANDIGHAM. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair will
state the question. The concurrent resolution,
postponing the time for the adjournment, was
referred to-day to the Committee of Ways and
Means. The gentleman from Ohio now moves
to reconsider the vote by whichitwas so referred,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the House will
vote down that motion.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask how
many it will take to rescind the order for adjourn-
ment. Will it not take two thirds?
The SPEAKER. A majority can reconsider.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Yes; but will it not
take a two-thirds vote to rescind the resolution to
adjourn on Monday?
The SPEAKER. A majority can pass this
resolution from the Senate, and that would re-
scind the other resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
several gentlemen who do not understand the
exact position of the concurrent resolution, and
where it will stand if this motion is carried.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion is not debatable.
If it is to be debated, I desire to discuss it myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Senate have passed afresh resolution extend-
ing the session for one week, and it was sent to
this House, and by unanimous consent it was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Not by unanimous con-
sent. Many gentlemen did not understand the
question. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
now moves to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was so referred, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
motion will lie voted down.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question. I did not object to
the committal of that resolution to the Committee
of Ways and Means, because I supposed that the
gentleman, being at the head of the committee
which has charge of the important business of the
session, intended to keep possession of it, and, if
possible, work up to the ad journment next Mon-
day: and in that view of the case I was willing
to let lnm have it. I want, if possible, to adjourn
on Monday; but if we cannot do that, I want to
extend the session for the fewest possible days.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no man here more
anxious to adjourn than I am.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman from Ohio
himself offered the resolution to adjourn next
Monday; and the presumption is, that he knew
whether we should be ready to adjourn on that
day or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I can be heard 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This is a very
simple question, and I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. „ , ,
The SPEAKER. No debate is 111 order.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of enabling
me to'make astatement in relation to this matter,
I will withdraw, temporarily, the motion to lay
on the table. I desire simply to say, that the
resolution to adjourn on the 18th was not intro-
duced by me. It was introduced by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,] on
the other side of the House, I moved to amend,
by inserting the l8th, for the purpose of getting
at least a week longer time. Nov.", Mr. Speaker,.
I believe that if the Senate and the House will
devote themselves strictly to the public business,
they may be able to adjourn on Monday. If
we shall ascertain by Saturday that it will be
possible to transact the necessary business by
Monday, the Committee of Ways and Means
will, as a matter of course, report back the reso-
lution with the recommendation that itbe rejected.
But if they find that we cannot get through, or
that the Senate cannotgetthrough, we will report
it back with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
sort of use in talking about the Senate getting
through by Monday, if this resolution remains in
the room of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The House should take up the resolution, and
reject it, if they want the Senate to go to work
and finish the business.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot force the Senate
to act hastily upon tlicir legislation, and I do not
think we ought to try to do it. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to suggest, as an additional assistance
in getting through with our business, that we
should rescind the resolution which was passed
the other day, under which we are spending one
hour every morning on new business. I think
we had better rescind that resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Ohio, that unless we take action
upon this subject, we shall not be any nearer an
adjournment a week hence than we are now. I
think we should take up the resolution of the
Senate, and act upon it now.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to allow this resolution to be
acted upon now. I think it would be much bet-
ter to act upon it at once. If the gentleman does
not accede to it, I hope the House will reconsider,
and act upon the resolution now. [Cries of
" Order !"1
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to debate,
and call for tellers upon the motion to lay on the
table.
Tellers were appointed; and Messrs. John
Cochrane and Windom were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 90, noes 36.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE—-AGAIN.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House postponed the bill of the
Senate, (No. 35;) and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the previous
question upon the amendments of the Senate upon
the Indian appropriation bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. _ *
By unanimous consent, the recommendation of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was concurred in upon ali the amendments
of the Senate, with the exception of such as a sep-
arate vote was called for on.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, called for sep-
arate votes upon the seventy-fourth, eighty-first,
eighty-second, eighty-third, eighty-fourth, and
eighty-fifth amendments.
Mr. REAGAN called for separate votes upon
the ninetieth and ninety-iirst amendments.
Seventy-fourth amendment;
For purchasing land claims on the general reservation at
Paget Sound, $9,000.
The amendment was non-concuvred in.
Eighty-first amendment;
For the "enernl incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Orconand Washington, including insurance and ti as-
portation of annuities, goods, and presents, where no spe-
cial" provision is made by treaties, and office and traveling
expenses of the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents, tor
the year ending 30th June, 1S61, §35,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-second amendment:
For detraymg the expenses of the removal and subsist-
