THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
ence of the Indians hi Oregon to the re&eivations therein,
aiding them in procuring their own subsistence, purchase
of provisions and presents, compensation of laborers and
other employes, for the year ending 30th June, 1851,
$•25,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-third amendment:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of the Indians in Washington Teriitoiy to the reser-
vations therein, aiding them mpiocunng their own fcubsist-
encc, purchase of provisions and presents, and compensa-
tion of laborers and other employes, for the year ending 30th
June, 1861, $23,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-fourth amendment:
For payment of improvements of the Indians west of the
Cascade mountains, the ftez Peices the Flathead*, the
Yakamas, which may have to be abandoned in consequcnce
of certain treaty stipulations with them, and lor suiveys of
reservation^ to which they ate to be removed, $55,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-fifth amendment:
For insurance, transportation, and the necessary ex-
penses of delivery of annuities, goods, and piovisiona to
Yakamas. FJatheads, and Ntz l'erces, for the years ending
30th June, I860, and 30th June, 1861, $42,000.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Ninetieth amendment:
For loss and destruction of property of citizens of Min-
nesota and Iowa, at Spirit lake, in the year J857, by Ink-
pah-du*tah's band of Sioux Indian^, accuunyundei the pio-
visions of the act of Congress approved 30th June, 1831,
$16,679 07; Provided, The fcJceietary of the Interim hh.ill
first cause the true amounts of such losses of property to be
investigated and adjusted in a manner satislaetoiy to hnn,
and the amounts so u*cci tamed shall be paid to the claim-
ants, respectively, m full satMacuon thereof.
Mr. REAGAN. I must call for the yeas and
nays upon that amendment;not thatl am opposed
to it, but 1 want the vote for future reference.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was asked, was the ninety-first amendment
of the Senate, with two amendments thereto rec-
ommended' by the Committee of the Whole on
the stute of the Union.
The amendment of the Senate was as follows:
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, ami to meet expanse*, m>ee«suiy in holding <i oonn
cU with the Red Lake and lied River Uhippewas,in the State
Of Minnesota, ior the extinguishment of their title to lands
in that Slate, M\id Indian* numbering about two thousand
souls, $10,000: Provided, That the goods purchased in !S">8
for the Vanctonnais band oftfiouv, the iccrpuon ofwlweh
was dcclin&d by them, may he used in the negotiations
with the said Chippewa* ot Rod lake ami Red u\er.
The firstamendment to the Senate amendment,
recommended by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the union, was as follows:
For payment to lUeuin S. Vonny, for one hundred and
forty thousand rations for MiliM^enee luinished the emi-
grating Pottawatomie*, Cbippewas and Ouowa> m 1852,
under contract with the Indian department,-and allowed
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, $i),6'25.
The amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee was as follows:
For payment of transportation of provisions and pres-
ents and'to meet expett.-es uceosaiy in holding a council
with the Aiapalioe.i ami Chcjenue Indians nomli ol the
Plane, ea-'f ot the Rock> Mountains,and noith oftlie Aik-
nn.sas rivei jor the extinguishment of tijeir tnle to land in
the regem aiouud Tike's Peak, the Mini ol $35,000.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the rpnendment to the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 hope wc shall first take
the question by a division, reserving to the gen-
tleman the rhjjht afterwards to call the veas and
nays.
Mr. REAGAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PEYTON. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers weio ordered; and Messrs. Peyton and
Hall weic appointed.
The flouse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment to theamendment wasagreed
to*
The amendment, as amended, wasagreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the Senate amend-
ments to the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a privileged question
of higher importance than that of the gentleman
from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I insist upon ray mo-
tion. Pending that motion, however, I move that
all debate upon the Senate amendments to the
Army bill be terminated in five minutes after the
House goes into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mp. BURCH. I was promised a separate vote
upon the sixty-ninth amendment of the Senate to
the Indian bill; but I have not had that separate
vote, and I ask it now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be happy
to gratify the gentleman; but his request comes
too late. The bill has been disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot now go back.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. Pending the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio to go into committee, I rise
to a question of privilege. It is to make a report
from the committee of conference upon the home-
stead bill.
The committee of conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses, on the bill of the
Senate (No. 4IG) to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain, and for other pur-
poses, after full and free conference, have sep-
arated without coming to an agreement.
I move that the House adhere to its amend-
ments; and I will state, in a few words, the dif-
ference between the two bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentlemen from In-
diana has no light to do anythingmore than make
the report, andsubmita motion to adhere. That
motion will come up hereafter as a matter of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that,
as the bill is before the House, the motion to
adhere is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. But that motion does not
take precedence of my motion to go into com-
mittee.
Mr. COLFAX. If I have the right to make
the motion, 1 have the right to have it considered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is couect.
Mr. COLFAX. I will be very brief in my
remarks.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Is it in order
to give leasons* That would open debate.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has a right to
debate it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion i.s debatable.
Mr. COLFAX. If gentlemen will allow me a
moment, I am not going to debate the question
as to which bill is right and which is wrong. I
desire briefly to state the difference between the
two bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this example will
not be taken as a precedent hereafter, because a
motion to adhere does not take ptecedcnce of a
motion to suspend the rules to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr COLFAX. There arc five points of differ-
ence between the two bills. The first point i3 in
relation to the persons who may be benificiaries
under the bill. The second is in relation to the
area of Government land covered by the bill.
The third point is in relation to the preemptors
now upon the land; the fourth, m relation to
the price of the land; and the fifth, in lelation
to the duty of the President to expose lands to
sale.
The first point is in relation to the beneficiaries
under the bill. The House bill embraces all per-
sons, citizens of the United States or who have
declared their intentions to become such, whether
heads of families or not, if they are over twenty-
one yeais of age. The Senate bill confines the
benefit to heads of families alone, excluding the
young men, who. furnish the largest portion of
the defenders of our country in time of war, and
who are a most valuable portion of our popula-
tion.
Under the second head, the House bill includes
all preemptors now upon the land, and allows
them, as well as those who .settle hereafter, to
have a quarter section for ten dollars, after five
years' settlement thereon. The Senate bill ex-
cludes the preemptors now upon the public land
from its operations, but gives them two years
after the passage of the bill to take the land at full
Government price, $1 25 per acre. And I would
add, in regard to this, that the House have passed
a bill, still pending in the Senate, prohibiting sales
of public lands till ten years after survey; and
which, if passed, would give the actual settler ten
years' start of the speculator. The preemptors
already upon the public land cannot take the quar-
ter section they are now upon, under the Senate
bill, unless they pay the Government price for it.
If it is not paid, for by them, it must be put up at
public sale, and speculators take an equal chance
with them. To secure the benefit of the Senate
bill, the present preemptors will have to abandon
the homesteads they are on, with what improve-
ments they have made, and claim another quarter
section.
The third point is in reference to the land cov-
ered by the two bills. The House hill applies to
all lands subject to preemption. This covers all
lands owned by the Government which are not
reserved for special purposes. The Senate bill
is confined to lands subject to private entry,
which are lands remaining after pubhe sale and
after non-resident speculators have had their pick
and choice. Even then, a speculator with aland
warrant, costing him sixty or seventy ccnts per
acre, can obtain a fee-simple title at once; while
the actual settler must stay on his land five years
before hecan obtain his title, and then pay twenty-
five cents per acre, besides the land office fees.
The next point is in regard to the price. The
Senate bill requires twenty-five cents per acre, or
forty dollars for a quarter section, which is twice
as costly as the graduated public lands in Mis-
souri, &c. The House bill requires only ten
dollars, which is charged to cover the cost of sur-
veying, field notes, &c., incurred by the Govern-
ment.
The next point is in regard to thp duty of the
Prestdentto expose the landsto publicsale. There
is nothing in relation to that matter in the House
bill. The Senate bill requires and compels the
President to expose all the public lands to sale
within two years after survey—an entirely new
featuie, never before incoiporated in a land bill.
The Senate bill has also another provision which
has no correlative feature in the House bill. It
grants to the States all lands in their respective
limits after having been in market thirty years.
I have only to add that there is no land subject
to the provision of the Senate bill in Minnesota,
nor in Washington or Oregon, and but very little
m California, Kansas, and Nebraska, as there is
but little Government land there subject to private
entry.
I have given a fair statement of the points of
difference between the two bills, and I now move
the previous question on the motion to adhere.
Allow me to say further, that I am always de-
sirous of cooperating with the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in advancing
public business; but if wc arc to have conference
committees, they must have time to report.
The previous question was seqpnded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the motion to adhere was
agreed to.
Mi. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Ths latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr.SHERMAN,by unanimous conscnt, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 501) making appropri-
ations for certain civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861,
with the Senate amendments thereto; which was
referred tp the Committee of the Whole on the
state of fciie Union.
\/ ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Washburn-, of Maine, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 305) making
appropriations for the support of the Army during
the year ending June 30, 1861.
