1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
without amendment, ordered to be engro:® d for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
oy Mr. Fomm, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a hill (No. 280) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain, 111
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
Also, that the House had ordered the printing
of certain documents.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call lip the special order at this hour. The spe-
cial order for half past one o 'clock is the bill from
the Judiciary Committee to amend an act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
(lie United States; but the unfinished business,
being the resolutions offered by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] takes precedence of it.
Mr. MASON. I move that the witness be
brought to the bar of the Senate by the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will bring Mr. Hyatt to the bar of the
Senate.
Tile Sergeant-at-Arms presently appeared at
the bar, accompanied by Mr. Hyatt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Hyatt may
take a seat.
The Sergeant-at-Arms conducted him to a seat
behind the bar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary, if
desired, will read the resolutions again
Mr. MASON. Since the adjournment on Fri-
day, in looking back to the precedents upon
' which the resolutions are based, I found it was
desirable to modify them, chiefly in the introduc-
tory narrative of the facts on which the proceed-
ing rests. The proceeding in the House of Rep-
resentatives was in the case of a witness who,
though he appeared before a committee, refused to
testify. The present contumacy is of a witness
who has refused to appear before the committee.
I have modified- the resolutions, therefore, in the
introductory narrative of the facts, and ask that
these may, by general consent, be substituted for
th%t offered on Friday.
The VICETPRESI DENT. The Senator from
Virginia withdraws the original resolutions, and
offers the following:
Whereas Thaddeus Hyatt, appearing at the bar of the
Senate, in custody of tlie Sergeant-at-Arms, pursuant to the
resolution of the Senate of the 6th of March instant, was
required, by order of the Senate then made, to answer the
following questions, under oath and in writing: " 1. What
excuse have you for not appearing before the Select com-
mittee of the Senate, in pursuance of the summons served
on you on the 24th day of January, 1860? 2. Are you now
ready to appear before said committee, and answer such
proper questions as shall be put to you by said committee
time to answer the same being given until the 9th of March
following: and whereas, on the said last named day, the
said Thaddeus Hyatt, again appearing in like custody at the
bar of the Senate, presented a paper, accompanied by an
affidavit, which he stated was his answer to said questions;
and it appearing, upon examination thereof, that the said
rhaddeus Hyatt has assigned no sufficient excuse in answer
to the question first aforesaid, and in answer to the said
second question^ has not declared himself ready to appear
and answer betore said committee of the Senate, as set
forth in said question, and has not purged himself of the
contempt with which he stands charged: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the said Thaddeus Hyatt be committed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms to the common jail of the District
ot Columbia, to be kept in close custody until he shall sig-
nify his willingness to answer the questions propounded to
him by the Senate ; and for the commitment and detention
of said Thaddeus Hyatt, this resolution shall be a sufficient
warrant.
Resolved, That whenever the officer having the said Thad-
deus Hyatt in custody shall be informed by said Hyatt that
he is ready and willing to answer the questions aforesaid,
it shall be the duty of such officer to deliver the said Thad-
deus Hyatt over to the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate,
whose duty it shall be again to bung him before the bar of
the Senate, when so directed by the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. It is related in English par-
liamentary history, that, on a certain occasion,
when the House of Commons was about to order
the commitment of a somewhat too famous wit-
ness to the custody of the Sergeant-at Arms, the
Speaker interfered by volunteering to say, as he
put the question," that the House ought to pause
before they caftie to a decision upon a point in
which the liberty of the subject was so materially
i concerned." That same question is now before
' us. We are to pass on the liberty of a citizen.
Pardon me, if I say that such a question cannot,
at any time, be trivial. But it has an unaccus-
tomed magnitude on this occasion, because the
case is novel in this body; so that what you now
do, besides involving the liberty of the gentleman
before you,-will establish a precedent which, in
itself, will be a law for other cases hereafter.
Now, if it is conceded that the Senate is invested
with all the large powers claimed by the Houses
of Parliament, then I cannot doubt its power in
the present case, although I might well question
the expediency of exercising it. But this is noto-
riously untrue. It is well known that Parliament
is without the constraint of a written constitution;
and it has been more than once declared—much
to the indignation of our revolutionary fathers—
that it is " omnipotent" to such extent, thatit can
do anything it pleases, except make a man of a
woman, or a woman of a man. 'Surely the Senate
has no such large powers; it is not" omnipotent;"
but it is within the constraint of a written constitu-
tion Instead of authority in all possible cases, it
has authority only in certain specific cases.
If the Senate can summon witnesses to its bar
and compel them to testify, under pains and pen-
alties, it must be by virtue of powers delegated in
the Constitution—I do not say by express grant,
but at least by positive intendment. I say posi-
tive intendment; for nothing is to be presumed
against liberty.
There arc ccrtain eases in which the power is
clear. First, and most conspicuously, in the trial
of impeachments; secondly, in determining the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its mem-
bers; and thirdly, in punishing its members for
disorderly behavior. All these proceedings are
judicial in character and purpose, and carry with
them, as a natural incident, the power to compel
witnesses to testify.
Beyond these three cases, which stand on the
express words of the Constitution, there are two
other cases, guasi-judicial in character, which,
though not supported by any express words of
the Constitution, have grown out of necessity
and reason, amounting to a positive intendment
of the Constitution, and have been sanctioned by
precedents. I refer, first, to the case of an inquiry
into an alleged violation of the privileges of this
body, as where a copy of a treaty was furtively ob-
tained and published; and, secondly, to an inquiry
into the conduct of servants of the Senate, like that
now proceeding with regard to the Printer, on the
motion of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
KiNG.^j If I were asked to indicate the principle
on which these two cases stood, I should say it
was that just and universal right of self-defense
inJierentin every parliamentary body, as in every
court; and also in every individual; but which is
limited closely by the simple necessities of the
case.
Such are the live cases in which this extraordi-
nary power has been heretofore exercised; the
first three standi ng on the text of the Constitution,
and the other two on the right of self-defense ne-
cessarily inherentinthe Senate; all five sanctioned
by precedents of this body; all five judicial in
character; all five judicial also in purpose and in-
tent; and all five agreeing in this final particular,
that they have no legislative purpose or intent.
Beyond these cases there is no precedent for the
exercise by the Senate of the power in question.
And it is now proposed to add a new case, most
clearly without any support in the Constitution;
without any support in the right of self-defense,
inherent in the Senate, and without any support
in the precedents ofthe Senate.
A committee has been appointed to inquire into
the facts attending the late invasion and seizure
of the armory and arsenal at Harper's Ferry by
a band of armed men, and report whether the
same was attended by any armed resistance to
the authorities and public force of the United
States, and the murder of any citizen of Virginia,
or any troops sent there to protect public property;
whether such invasion was made under color of
any organization intended to subvert the Govern-
ment of any of the States of the Union; the char-
acter and extent of such organization; whether any
citizens of the United States, not present, were im-
! plicated therein or accessory thereto, by contributions
of money, ammunition, or otherwise; the character
andextentof the military equipments in the hands
or under the control of said armed band; where,
how, and when the same were obtained and trans-
ported to the place invaded; also, to report what
legislation, if any, is necessary by the Govern-
ment for the future preservation of the peace of
the country, and the safety of public property;
with power to send for persons and papers.
And this committee, after several weeks of ses-
sion, now invokes the power of the Senate tp
compel the witness to testify. The chairman of
the committee, the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] who calls for the imprisonment of an
American citizen, has shown no authority for such
an exercise of power in the Constiution, or in the
admitted right of self-defense,orin the precedents
of the Senate. He cannot show any such author-
ity. It does not exist.
Surely, where the Constitution,and reason,and
precedent, all three are silent, we might well hes-
itate to exercise a power so transcendent. But
I shall not stop here. I go further, and point out
two specific defects in the resolution of the Sen-
ate.
First. The inquiry which itinstitutes is clearly
judicial in character; without, however, any judi-
cial purpose, or locking to any judicial end. The
committee is essentially a tribunal, with power
of denunciation, but without power of punish-
ment; sitting with closed doors, having the secrecy
of the Inquisition or the Star Chamber, or, if you
please, the grfind jury; with power to investigate
facts, involving the guilt of absent persons, and
to denounce fellow-citizens as felons and traitors.
If such a power is lodged anywhere outside of the
judicial tribunals, it must be in the House of Rep-
resentatives, as the grand inquest of the nation,
with its power to impeach all civil officers, from
the President down; butitcannotbein the Senate.
Let me cite an illustration. The constitution of
Maryland provides expressly that the House of
Delegates may inquire, on the oath of witnesses,
into all complaints, grievances, and offenses, as
the grand inquest of the State; and may commit
any person for any crime to the public jail, there
to remain until dischargd by due course of law.
But I "doubt if the Senate of that neighbor State
could erect itself into a grand inquest.
If the Senate of the United States have power
to make the present inquiry, then, on any occasion
of alleged crime, of whatever nature, whether of
treason, or murder, or riot, it may rush to the as-
sistance of the grand juries of the District, or,
still further, it may rush to the assistance of the
grand juries of Virginia; in short, it will be an
inquest of commanding character, and with far-
reaching, all-pervading process, supplementary
and ancillary to the local inquest; or rather, so
transcendent in its powers, that by its side the
local inquest will be dwarfed into insignificance.
Surely this cannot be proper or constitutional.
But perhaps I am especially sensitive on this
point; for, as a citizen of Massachusetts, I cannot
forget that her bill of rights, originally the work
of John Adams, provides expressly that the legis-
lative department shall never exercise judicial -
powers, and the judicial department shall never
exercise legislative powers; to the end, as it is
solemnly declared, that it may be a government
of laws, and not of men.
But assuming that the resolution is defective
so far as it constitutes an inquest into crime, it
may be said that the witness should be compelled
to answer to the'other parts. Surely the Senate
will not resort to any such refinement in order
to imprison a citizen.
Secondly. But there is a broader objection still:
that whatever may be the power ofthe Senate in
judicial cases, it cannot compel the testimony of
a witness in a proceeding of which the declared
purpose is merely legislative. Officers ofthe Gov-
ernment communicate with Congress and its com-
mittees simply by letter. They are not sum-
monedfrom distant posts, oreven from their office
here. And Iknow notwhya distantcitizen, who
is charged with no offense, and who in every right
is the peer of any officeholder, should be treated
with less consideration. If any information from
him be desired for any legislative purpose, let him
communicate itin theway mostconvenietit to him-
self, and most consistent with those rights of the
citizen which all are bound to respect.
At ali events, if this power is to be exercised,
let it not be under a simple resolution of the Sen-
at&; but by virtue of a general law, passed by
