THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN
C. BIYES, WASHIN&TO& B; tl
Thirty-Sixth Congress,. 1st Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1859.
Hew 6.
rri'ini1 rti.fr
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 was observing,
when I was interrupted by my colleague, th&t the
colleague to whom I was referring [Mr. Kellogg]
had, in the course of his strictures on the Tribune's
article, charged certain matters as having occurred
between Mr. Greeley and Senator Douglas, in the
parlor of the latter gentleman's house, two years
ago this winter. Although I had no opportunity,
on the spur of the moment, to ascertain what the
facts were, I took it on myself, from my intimate
knowledge of Judge Douglas's course at that
time, to contradict the charge. That the House
may know what the chargc was, I send up to your
desk a copy of the Daily Globe, containing it, as
reported for that paper ; and I ask that it shall be
read.
The following extracts were read from the
Clerk's desk:
iC Mr. Kei,logg, of Illinois. I will not be led from ray pur-
pose. This matter does not concern any gentleman but
myself. I have some knowledge of the tactics of this dis-
tinguished gentleman, vrho assumes to direct the destinies
of the Republican party. It is fresh in my recollection,
and it is fresh in your recollection, Mr. Clerk, that this
* same individual was, two years ago, planning and scheming
for Illinois, as he is now planning and scheming lor Pennsyl-
vania and the whole Union. Vve have felt its effects; and
when it strikes an Illinoisian, it strikes a man who is alive
and sensitive to this kind of management and tins kind of
political chicanery. Two years ago—it is proper to allude
to it—when the great struggle was about to bo commenced
in our own State, Greeley and others were here; and in the
parlor of Judge Douglas, night after night, in seeiet con-
clave, plotting and planning to sell out the politics of Illi-
nois : and, I might say, to sell Missouii, too Toll mo not
that I do not know this. I can prove it. Theie was the
scheme concocted.'1' * * * * v *
" The statement I made, as near as I recollect it, was,
that Mr. Greeley was found m consultation with Mr. Doug-
las, to insure the election of Mr. Douglas to the Senate
of the United States iiom the State of Illinois.
" Mr. McClerna\d. Bo so good as to repeat that again.
" Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois. I charge that Mr. Greeley
was again and again, with others, in consultation m the
parlor of Judge Douglas, planning and scheming the elec-
tion of Judge Douglas to the Senate of the United States
fronrthe State of Illinois."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I cannot be mis-
taken that the charge preferred by my colleague
against Senator Douglas was, that he was in con-
sultation in his own parlor with Mr. Greeley, of
the Tribune, planning and scheming with him to
secure his own reelection to the Senate from the
State of Illinois. Now, sir, since I came into the
Hall this morning, the New York Tribune of yes-
terday has been placed in my hands; and in it I
find a letter or communication addressed by Mr.
Greeiey, over his own signature, to my colleague,
[Mr. Kellogg.] That the House may know
what Mr. Greeiey says, in reply to the charge
preferred by my colleague, I send to the Clerk's
desk the paper containing his communication, and
ask that the portion which I have marked may be
read; simply remarking, m the first place, that all
the preceding part of the artielc relates to other
matters between him and Mr. ICellogg, as I
believe.
The following extract from a letter in the New
York Tribune, of the 8th instant, was read from the
Clerk's desk:
" I see, by the telegraphic dispatches of to-day's proceed-
ings, that you have been commenting on my dispatch and
on me in terms which seem, so far aj I can make out what
you were at, to require no comment on iny part, except In
so far as they affect a political adversary. Senator Doug-
las and I have been acquaintances for ton years or more,
during which time each has given and taken hard blows,
but I tiust no foul ones. 1 am willing to call the account
balanced, it he is. Once only in our lives did we agree on
a political question—that of resisting the attempt to forcc j
an abhorred constitution on the people of Kansas. During
the struggle on that point, I was called to Washington, and
went to his house, where we had two conversations on
pending political topics. There was at least one witness
in each instance, and that witness is now a Republican
member of the House. Nevei before nor since have Mr.
Douglas and I conversed on politics, save as opponents;
and on that occasion I am glad to have a witness to con-
firm my own clear recollection that Mr. Douglas's reelec-
tion to the Senate, oi his future election to any post what-
ever, was not even mentioned. And never did any letter,
message, or word, pass between us, implying a desire on his
pait that X should, or a promise on mine' that I would, sup-
port him, at any time, lor any office whatever. And who-
ever has at any time reported to you aught inconsistent
with this must have drawn on his imagination for his facts,
or be laboring under the grossest misapprehension.
" Mr. Kellogg, thoio is ju^t one remaining tie of sym-
6
patKy between Senator Docoias and myself, now that the
old relations of political antagonism between us are com-
pletely reestablished. I detest his doctrines, but I like his
pluck. Had he signed, ever so heedlessly, a circular rec-
ommending Tom Paine's Age of Reason, you would never
have found him prevaricating, nor apologizing, nor depre-
cating ; he would have simply and coolly told his adver-
saries to make the most of it. Oh, that some Republicans
could be, not merely almost, but altogether such as he is in
this respect, however unlike in eveiy other!
"Respectfully, HORACE GREELEY.
" New York, December 6, 1859."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not know that
I have any comment to make. I do not think
that any is necessary. Greeley gives a flat, un-
equivocal, pointed denial to the charge of my
colleague. It is for him to extricate himself from
the difficulty or dilemma in which he is placed.
I know not why he made the charge. 1 stated
that I thought it was out of place when he did
make it, and I so think now. The best of all
possible witnesses—the man with whom he al-
leges this conversation took place—denies every
material point; Judge Douglas also denies it.
That is all I have to say about it. I believe my
colleague [Mr. Logan] intended to have brought
the matter to the consideration of the House. I
did not know that in time, or else I would have
given my young friend the opportunity of doing
so. He has, I believe, some other letter, which
can be read, if necessary.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, (rising on the
Democratic side of the House.) I will attain the
House but a moment. If the gentleman who has
put in a plea of " not guilty" for Senator Doug-
las desires to put any further plea or evidence
on record, I wish him to do so.
Mr. MORRIS, of .Illinois. The gentleman
from Illinois does not think it necessary to put
any further plea or evidence on record at the pres-
ent time. The gentleman has stated he could
prove his charge. Greeley denies it. Judge Doug-
las denies it. Now prove it. We shrink from
nothing, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Brave men from
Illinois ! Mr. Clerk, I am anxious for the organ-
ization of the House. Nothing but a personal
attack on me would have induced me to have of-
fered one comment on the scandalous article in
the Tribune.
Several Members. Stand back; we cannot
hear you.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, (having taken a
position further back on the Demoeiatic side of
the House.) Now, Mr. Clerk, I am in the
strangest company that I was over in, [laughter,]
by invitation and by the apparent inclination of
the Democrats proper.
A Member. We want to do something good
for you. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARTRELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois that he is in the very best
company he has been in recently. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am glad to see
my friends so courteous and good natured this
morning, and if I can strengthen them a little in
what they really believe, but cannot prove, per-
haps, as well as I can, I shall be glad to.do them
that favor.
Mr. Clerk, I observed that but for the fact that
I had been personally assailed, I would not have
detained the House one moment. I do not pro-
pose to go into this investigation in full to-day.
It is important that we organize and pioceed to
business, when all subjects of discussion pertain-
ing t<5 national politics can come legitimately be-
fore the House and before the country. And
when we shall have organized, I say to my friend
from Illinois, and to all, that 1 will comment on
this matter and try the issue. Mr. Douglas has
put himself voluntarily on trial, and his friend
has put in for him a plea of "not guilty." Mr.
Greeley has put in his plea of confession of guilt,
a confession of the body of the critic. If my
colleague wishes incidentally to come into this
trial, I assure him I will pay my respects to him
m connection with his relations with the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 would be happy
to have you do it.
Mr. LOGAN. No otrt'side issues.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Notby anything
outside, butty the record of thelasttwo winters.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask no favorS. I
want that distinctly understood. Let ua have
everything.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Which shall I
take ?
Mr. MORPJtS, of Illinois. Either, or all of it.
I am ready to meet you at any time, on any occa-
sion, or anywhere.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. How valiant my
friend is this morning! One of my colleagues says
" no outside issues, and the other says "every-
thing." Well, I do not care which I take if they
will let me get through what I am going to say.
The issue, I think, is fairly made up. I have
Senator Douglas and Horace Greeley on trial.
Yes, sir, these two great men have been charged,
by the parties to which they respectively belong,
with being a little traitorous. The issue is fairly
made up. I do not wish to Kpcak defiantly, but
I shall prosecute that issue. I pledge my friend
that I will do so in all fairness, in all candor, it)
all fullness, when the proper time arrives, and it
shall not be long.
But I will suggest another thing, and I do not
know whether my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Clark] will be brought into the fight, or Whether
he will fight on either side, or on his own hook in
paying his respects to Mr. Greeley; but I was
about to suggest that if outside issues are to, be
brought in, it might also be proper to inquire into
how far Senator Douglas contributed to his own
election or the demoralization of the Democratic
party, if such a thing could be 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With pleasure.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Would not the
gentleman from Illinois do better to Confine his
remarks to his charges against Judge Douglas,
and I will endeavor to take care of myself. I
wish to make one additional remark: Judge
Douglas stands too high with the American peo-
ple, and particularly with my constituents, to be
affected by the evidence of any witness not mors
reputable than Mr. Greeley. I regard everything
Mr. Greeley may say against a gentleman as the
best evidence to entitle that gentleman to the re-
spect of honest men; and when Greeley volun-
teers evidence in favor of Judge Douglas, I, as a
friend of Judge Douglas, regard his statement as
no evidence of the truth, one way or the other;
for I regard Mr. Greeley as a thief of reputation,
and I would not believe his evidence against any
man in or out of Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I find myself
somewhat confounded. One gentleman says—
" say all you have to say; make all the issues
you choose;" another says—"bring ill nb out-
side issues here;" the gentleman from Missouri
says do not bring any outside issue in reference
Missouri. The gentleman from Missouri knows
well enough, for he is an old member and an old
politician, the danger of the ground. But how
shall I decide this matter between my Illinois
friends? The gentleman from Missouri says that
the very fact that Greeley exculpates Douglas,
is an evidence of his guilt.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No; I do not say
that.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I will be
corrected.
Mr.' CLARK, of Missouri. I wish it to be
understood that I believe this charge against Judge
Douglas is false—I do not of course charge my
friend from Illinois with falsehood—1 have always
said in my own district that I did not believe a
word it. Whatever errors Judge Douglas may
have committed, 1 regard him as a great states-
man and patriot, above the association of such a
dog as Greeley, and I will never believe the charge
until I have higher evidence of it than anything
Greeley ea ■: say
