1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
First and second amendments of the Senate:
On page 3, strike out the word "four" and insert the
void '• live," nud stakeout the word "forty" and insert
tiie word <k eightyso that the clause will read:
For the regular Supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting ofluei lor the officers, enlisted men,guaid,
hospital's, storehouses, and offices ; of forage m kind lorthe
horses, mules, and oxen of the quartermaster^ department
at the several po&ts ayd stations, and with the armies in
tb'<) field ; foi the horees of the two legiments of dragoon.-*,
the two regiments of cavalry, the regiment of mounted
riflemen, the companies of light ai tillei y, and such compa-
nies oi infantry as may he mounted, and lor the authoiized
number of officers' horses when fc-civmg m the field and at
the outposts, including bedding for the animal*; oi stiavv
for soldiers' bedding, and oi stationery, including blank
bupks lor the quartermaster's department, certificates lor
discharged soldieis!, blank forms lor the pay and quarter-
master's departments; and toi the printing of division and
department order* and repot t-., &1,580,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out the word " fifty," and insert the words " sev-
enty-live;''' so as to make tlie clause read:
For the incidental expenses of the quartermaster's de-
partment, consisting of postage on letters, and packets re-
ceived and sent bv officers of Hie Army on public seivice ;
expenses of couits-martial and counts of inquuy, including
the additional compensation of judge advocates, recorder.-,
member.-,, and witnesses, while on that service, under the
act of Mdtch 1G, 1802 ; extta pay to soldiers empio\ ed, un-
der the direction of the quartet master'* depaiiment, in the
erection of barracks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals;
in the construction of roads, and on otltei constant labor, lor
periods of not let-; than ten days, under the acts of March
2,1810, and August 4, 1854, including those employed as
clerks aP division and department headquarters; expenses
of expiesses to and Irom the liontier po-ts andanmesin
the field ; of escorts to paj masters and other disbursing of-
ficeis, and to trains whete military escorts cannot be fur-
nished ; expense of the interment oi offiecis killed m action,
or who die when on duty in the field, or at the posts on the
frontiers, and of non-coinrnissioned officers and soldiers ;
authorized office lurnituie; hire ol laborers in the quarter-
masters dep.utment, including the hire of interpreter^,
fcpies, and guides tor the Aimy, compensation ol clerks ol
the oilieeis ot the quartermaster's depaitment; compensa-
tion ot lorage and wagon masters, authorized bj the act ot
July 5, 18l>e; Uu the apprehension ol dc&eiteis, and the ex-
penses incident to their pursuit; and lor tne following ex-
penditures -required lor the two legiments of diagoonr-, the
two legunents ot cavaliy, the regiment of mounted rifle-
men, and such companies of infantry as may be mounted,
namel), the puichase of tiavelmg toiges, blacksmiths5 and
shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes and nails, iron and
steel lor shoeing, lure of veterinary surgeons, medicines
for hots-es and mules, picket rop -s, and for shoeing the
liorses of the corps named, $470,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence. ®
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out "$300,000," and insert" $593,882 GO;"so that
the clause will lead:
For constructing barracks and other buildings at posts
which it ni.iy be necessaiy to occupy during the year; lor
repaning, afteting, and enlaiging buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hire oi commutation of quuiters tor
officers on military duty; hue ot quarters for troops; of
storehouses lot the keeping ot military stores; of giounds
for summer cantonments; for temporary frontier station-,
Including §15,000 for the puichase of stove^, §593,8b2 GO.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STANTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
Strike out U,$593,S82 60," and insert, in lieu thereof,
" §451,351 60and after the word " cents," mseit:
To be expended as follows :
For rents, including hue or commutation of quarters for
officers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops; ot
storehouses lot the sale-keeping of military stoics; of
giounds for summer cantonments; and lor labor on fi on tier
£tation?>, and $608 87 to be paid as back lent for the Mte
of Foit Davis, Texas, §101,i250.
For repairing, altmmg. and enlarging buildings as estab-
lished military posts. §155,517.
Fot constructing Lai lacks and other buildings at the iol-
lovving posts, to wit:
At llarrancas bairacks Key West, at Fou Mackinaw
and Foi t.Momoe, in the depaitinenl of the East, .$'112.5/8 50.
In the department of the West: At Foit Kearny.
$10,000 J at Foil Ridgely, .$2,000; at Fot t Randall, S2,70G 16.
In the department ot Texac At Camp Stockton, $2,00U;
at Foi t Chad bourne, c.2.045 42; at Camp Colorado. $1.000;
at Foit Davis, $5,000; at Foit Clark. $10,000; at Camp
Cooper, foi i epans, §10,000; at Fort Ai buckle, §3,900.
In the depaitment of New Mexico: At Foit Marcy,
$3,500; at Camp Burgwin, $i,400; at Fort Defiance,
$7,000.
In the department of California: At Bemcia banacks,
§306 75; at Piesiuio of San X^raneii.co, $11,500; at Foit
Weller, $12,200.
In the department of Oregon: At Fort Walla W alia,
$10,000 ; at Foit Vancouver, £7,673.
The Committee on Military Affairs took up
the amendments of the Senate, and have endeav-
ored to conform their action to the action of
last Congress. There was a provision incorpor-
ated in the Army appropriation bill providing
that no appropriation should be made for per-
manent buildings for troops except m pursuance
of specific estimates and specific appropriations.
The Committee of Ways and Means seem to
have disregarded that provision of the law of
last Congress, for they incorporate all these ap-
propriations in one aggregate item. The War
Department made these detailed estimates of the
amount necessary for permanent barracks at the
various departments throughout the country.
These, footed up, make, in the aggregate, the sum
which the Senate appropriated. "The Committee
of Ways and Means reported all these sums, to-
gether with repairs, in the aggregate. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs recommended a separa-
tion of the appropriations for repairs for existing
posts from appropriations for the establishment
of new posts, in pursuance of the recommenda-
tions and estimates of the Department. We re-
tain the estimates for repairs as they came from
the Department. In the estimates for new posts
we have struck out some, judging as well as we
could which were the most important points; and
we have reduced otlieis, so as tu reduce the Sen-
ate amendment about one hundred thousand'dol-
lars, leaving it about one hundred thousand dol-
lars more than the Ho use amendment. The leading
feature of the recommendation of the Committee
on Military Affairs is, that it proposes the appro-
priations in detail, and applies them to the several
posts at which they intend barracks to be erected,
so that Congress may determine where and in
what sums the money shall be distributed.
This amendment is with the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyiand. I move to amend
the amendment of my friend from Ohio, by strik-
ing out the appropriation for the barracks at Port
Monroe. I make that motion for the purpose of
submitting some observations on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended, and this House adopted, an appropria-
tion for the two purposes of building new barracks
and repairing the old ones. When that appro-
priation was proposed to the House, the Com-
mittee oil Mihtaiy Affairs did not move to amend
by separating the items for repairs from the items
for new barracks. The criticism, therefore, of
the gentleman from Ohio is a little late at this
period. 1 do not propose to say anything, how-
ever, in opposition to the policy of dividing the
items, or anything in opposition to the law to
which the gentleman refers. I have no objection
to it.
The chief question which I wish to raise is as
to the amount. The Senate, in this amendment,
lia\ e restored the onginal estimates of the Depart-
ment. The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a non-concurrence with the amendment.
The essential difference between the amendment
of the Senate and the bill proposed by the House
is with respect to the two items—the item of
$92,000 for Fort Monroe, and the item of $64,000
for Fort Cooper, in Texas. These two items the
Committee of Ways and Means struck out from
the estimates of the Department when they made
their recommendation to appropriate §300,000.
The argument made now by the Committee on
Military Affairs is substantially that adopted by
the Committee of Ways and Means, with the
exception that they increase the appropriation for
the barracks at Fort Monroe and at Camp Cooper.
The recommendation is for $62,000 at Camp
Cooper, and §92,000 at Fort Monroe. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means adhere to their opin-
ion that no appropriation is necessaiy at this time
for Camp Coopei; and I theiefure trust that that
will be stiuclc out of the recommendation of the
Committee on Military Affairs. They are of
opinion, likewise, that whatever it may be appro-
priate lo do in the course of a few years, at this
time there is no pressing necessity for so large an
expenditure as $92,000"for the erection of now
barracks in Fort Moiuoe; and they therefore de-
sire that item to be stricken fiom the amendment
of the Committee on Military Affairs; and fot the
purpose of perfecting it, I move to strike out the
£92.000 fin Fort Monroe.
Mr. BOTELER. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the
purpose of opposing the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maryland. Ilis proposition is, I
believe, to strike out the appropriation of $92,000
for building barracks at Fort Monroe. Now, sir,
does the gentleman know that barracks are not'
needed at Fort Monroe? Does the gentleman
know the condition of the barracks at Fort Mon-
roe? If it were a post on the frontier, liable to be
abandoned, why there might be some reason for
us to consider his proposition favorably: but this
is one of the most important and one of the most
permanent posts in the whole country. There is
no fortification upon our whole Atlantic seaboard'
more indispensable than this one, which com-'
mands the entrance to that great inland sea, the
Chesapeake bay, and the tributary stiearns flow-
ing into it.
Sir, the Secretary of War raised a commission
of Army officers to investigate the condition of
I the barracks at Fort Monroe, and they were unan-
imous, as will be seen from their report, in rec-
ommending the necessity of having this appro-
priation made. In accordance with that report,
, estimates were submitted to the Department, anil
i they come here now with the sanction and au-
thority of the officers of the Army and of tho
Department; and the gentleman from Maryland,
without stating the condition of these barracks,
: moves to strike out the appropriation. 1 hope his
amendment will not be adopted. This fort is in-
1 dispensable, not only for the defense of the prin-
cipal cities of Virginia, but of those also of the
' State which the gentleman represents, and of this
! metropolis of the nation. • •
| Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 wish to say a
! word or two only in reply to the gentleman from
I Virginia. 1 concur with him entirely in the im-
i portance of Fortress Monroe; not certainly for
| the defense of the upper portion of Chesapeake
l bay, but for the defense of Virginia's great naval
city of Norfolk. Nor would I do anything tend-
ing in the slightest degree to impair its efficiency.
There are now barracks there actually occupied
by a large body of troops. I saw these barracks
a few weeks ago myself. They are not residences
which I would select myself, but they arc suffi-
' eient for the present necessities of the'garrison at
I that place. They are not worthy of receiving a
! large expenditure of money in repairs, but they
' will last fur several years longer. The question
i which the Committee of Ways and Means desire
j this House to consider is, whether, at this time,
with the meansof Government so scanty, and the
necessities of the Government so great, a large
: appropriation shall now be made for the purpose
of erecting new barracks, rather than to allow the
1 barracks there now to be used a year or two longer,
until the condition of the Treasury shall be bet-
i ter. There is nothing which impairs the comfort
essentially of either the officers or the men, in my
: judgment; and it would be advisable to wait a
i while before we make this expenditure. On this
i ground the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
; Mr. MALLORY. I do not believe that the
! committee is aware that they have voted to strike
; out the appropriation. I do not believe that the
■ House knew what they did; and I hope the vote
will be reconsidered.
j Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suggest that if
; the House did not know what it did, that is no
! reason for undoing anything that it has done.
! The CHAIRMAN. A motion to reconsider
j is not in order in committee.
j Mr. PHELPS. I move to increase the amount
! of the appropriation contained in the first clause
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. I
do it for the purpose of expressing my opinion
upon the legislation enacted by Congress at the
! last session. I was not present when the Army
bill passed the House. It was my intention, if I
r had been present, to have called the attention of
. the committee to the legislation'of the last Con-
i gross, which required that when new barracks
are to be erected, specific estimates shall be sub-
| mitted by the Secretary of War, and specific ap-
' propriations must be made in order to enable,
those new woiks to be constructed; but not being
present upon that occasion, I did not submit the
views which I entertain. So far as appropriating
■ the monev necessary to pay the rent of buildings
, occupied ty the Army is concerned, that will be
paidoutof the appiopriation which was contained
: in the bill as it passed the House. So for as it
! may be necessary also to make temporary re-
