1860.
THE (JONG-ltESSlONAL GLOBE.
1103
Mr. HALE. No. I mean to put it plain,
though.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see the Senator does not
understand what I did say, and therefore I want
to set him right. I said we had all the powers
necessary to accomplish the purposes for which
we are created, and within that limit we had the
power to take the means to accomplish that end.
Of what was necessary to accomplish tliat., we
were judges. In the first instance, we certainly
are. If the Senator can point out any other way
in which that question can be settled, I should
think very highly of his legal capacity.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I understood the Sen-
ator, but he did not understand me. I understood
him perfectly. He says that, within what is
granted to us, wo have the power to do everything
that is necessary, and we arc the judges of that
necessity. I do not misstate him now, I know.
Then, who is to judge what is granted to us ?• Are
we not the judges of that? Here is the instrument
before us. "What is granted to us? Who is to
say that? We, unless the Supreme Court of the
United States sends a Dred Scott decision up to
us; but, in the first instance, until we are Dred
Scotted, we are the judges of what is granted to
us. I think that is the argument of the honorable
Senator from Maine; and I have stated it fairly.
There are certain grants in the Constitution, and
we are to judge what they are; and then we are
to take what is necessary to carry them out, we
being the judges., and there being no appeal from
us. I put it to my honorable friend from Maine,
that a more perfect despotism never was inaugu-
rated since government was talked of. He did
not mean it; but it was the legitimate conse-
quence of what he said.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean just what I said.
As to your' oratorical consequences, I have noth-
ing to do with them.
Mr. HALE. I like your pluck better than I
do yourlogic. The Senator says he willbepbliged
to me if I point out any other rule. I have one
before me, and one perfectly applicable to this
ease, and it is in these words:
" T1)0 powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited liy it to the States, are reserved
to the States lespeetivclj-, or to the people."
There is an all-sufficient talisman, before which J
every despotic power of necessity must crumble i
and fall. That is the magician's wand, which j
touches this tyrant's argument of necessity, and j
it falls powerless before the invincible majesty of j
this constitutional prohibition on despotic power, j
found in this amendment of the Constitution. I
Now let us go back a little. Mr. President, this j
is an important era in the history of thisGoveni- ;
nient, and you are engaged ill a contest in which J
you are bound to be beaten. This is one of those
cases spoken of by the inspired penman, when he .
says, " one shall chase a thousand, and two put ]
ten thousand to flight," because he stands on the ,
invincible basisofconstitutionalliberty. He stands
here to-day to vindicate that great inheritance of
constitutional liberty, the birthright of an Amer-
ican citizen, purchased by the blood that has been
shed on all the battle-fields of liberty away back
in theoldSaxon times. Hestandshere to-day,sir,
on that basis. You may imprison him; you may
lock him up; you may make his bars and his bolts
fast, and turn your key upon him; but I tell you
the great habeas coiyus of freemen, the ballot, will
reverse your judgment, and pronounce sentence
of condemnation, not on him, but on you; and the
advocates of this power, though they may fortify
themselves with the learning and the genius and
the logic and the sophisms of my learned friend
from Maine, cannot stand before the irresistible
logic that pleads in every freeman's breast against
this arbitrary exercise of despotic power. Yes,
sir, we must indeed get rid of the idea of a written
Constitution, before we can do any such thing.
There is another limitation besides the one that
I have referred to, and I put this ground; I stand
upon it, and I call gentlemen to scan it, and see if
it is not right; the whole scope and force and
limit and cxtentof this power of necessity is well
stated, both in Latin and English, in the argument
of the learned counselors who have submitted an
argument to us on this power; and it is substan-
tially this: that where any claim is made from
necessity, it goes to this extent and no further;
that if the power granted can be exercised with-
out the thing claimed, then the necesity does not
exist; but if the power granted cannot be exer-
cised without the necessity claimed, then it does
exist. That is the whole of it; and that is as far
as any republican—and I do not use that word in
any party sense, but in its broadest sense—any
man that is in favor of popular liberty, can go.
Whoever carries the doctrine of necessity any
further than that, steps over the ground of the
Constitution on to the ground of tyranny.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire will allow me, I wish to in-
quire , right there, whether that is a question of law
or a question of fact?
Mr. HALE. What? Whether there is a ne-
cessity for it ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes. Is that a question
of law, or of fact?
Mr. HALE. Both combined; and it is a ques-
tion that addresses itself to the common sense of
mankind; but it is of very easy solution. It is to
be strictly confined; and the amendment of the
Constitution which I have read will help him to
construe it; that is, that all the powers not dele-
gated are reserved to the States and the people
respectively. Going on with that idea in view,
that every .power which is not conferred is re-
served, you will htive no difficulty in limiting
your restriction. It is always to be construed
most strongly against "the Government, and in
favor of the citizen. It is only to be resorted to
in extreme cases, and the case that I put, and no
other. Now, sir, this individual—sometimes
called a prisoner, and sometimes a witness, and
sometimes a gentleman, but I choose to take him
comprehensively as an individual—whatever he
may be, [laughter,! -is entitled to the provisions
that are secured in the amendments to the Con-
stitution, and among those amendments is this:
" The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches
and sei2ures, shall not be violated."
What have, you done? You have sent your
warrant into the State of Massachusetts, without
any accusation of crime, without any indictment;
you have torn him from the protection of that
sovereignty, and brought him to this; bar and
without any of the forms of a trial such as the
Constitution prescribes, you propose to sentence
him to perpetual imprisonment. But, as I said
when I was inquired of by the honorable Senator-
from Wisconsin, let me go back. At the origin
of the Constitution, there was no power on earth
that could take a citizen out of one State and carry
him into another. Now 1 am going back beyond
the Senator from Massachusetts, or the Senator
from Maine, either. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts made a good argumenton the ground he
stands on, but he did not go back to first princi-
ples. He is tinctured a little with that heresy of
I necessity, in his argument; and it is strange to
| see how it seizes on some of the clearest minds in
! the land.
j At the time of the formation of the Constitution,
' there was no earthly power that could take a man
: out of one State and carry him into another,
i Within the limits of that sovereignty where he
i stood, he could rightfully defy the exercise of any
i power on earth to carry him beyond the territorial
jurisdiction of the State in which he lived. Then
'if there is any power existing anywhere on God's
footstool to take one man out of the protection of
any State sovereignty, and carry him elsewhere,
it is to be found in the Constitution of the United
States; and such an alarming power as that is not
to follow as an incident or a necessity to the grant
of some other power. I happen to live near the
borders of a neighboring State, and I know some-
thing of the conveniences and inconveniences of
jurisdictions coming near to one another. I live
within four miles of the State line. It is frequently
II the case that it becomes convenient to send over
11 into the State of Maine, and, under the provisions
! | of the Constitution, get a prisoner over into New
11 Hampshire to try hint; and I want to be just and
' | fair with the State of Maine, they sometimes find
11 the necessity of sending over into New Hamp-
J shire. Under the provisions of the Constitution
![ we get the prisoner, and he is not sent over. These
!] cases are not unfrequent. .Living near the line, 1
! i know it to be frequently the case that depreua-
'' tions are committed, and parties go over into the
other State. Wo have no sort of difficulty m get-
tin" the prisoner back, because there is an express
grant in the Constitution of the United States that
we shall have him; but we sometimes find it a
very difficult matter to get witnesses. Why?
Because, while the Constitution of the United
States gives us the power to get criminals, it gives
us no power to get witnesses, and sometimes it is
of the utmost necessity to have witnesses come
from Maine to testify in our criminal courts against
some of their own citizens that have come over
into our State and committed offenses. But the
State is powerless; New Hampshire has no right
to ask, and Maine has no right to give, under the
Constitution, any such power; and what do we
do ? The prosecutor goes down and makes the
very best bargain he Kin with the witnesses. He
says, " if you will come, I will endeavor to ac-
commodate it so that you shall stay as little time
as possible, and we will pay you what will rea-
sonably compensate you for your expenses and
services." Does not that show—and I am almost
ashamed to put a case so plain—that the Consti-
tution confers no power to take a witness out of a
State? There is no such power.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How would it be, I ask
my honorable friend from New Hampshire, on a
trial for impeachment? Could we not summon
witnesses from Massachusetts or any other State
here before the Senate ?
Mr. HALE. I will answer that in a minute.
I see that my friend from Wisconsin has the same
complaint that my friends from Massachusetts
and Maine labor under—necessity. In the case
of which I speak we have no power at all'to sum-
mon witnesses; and it is very inconvenient, and
sometimes prisoners fail of justice .Now, the hon-
orable Senator puts the question—it is a pertinent
question, and I am glad he put it, because it shows
me that he is revolving this subject in his mind,
and he may come out right, [laughter]—have we
not the power in case of impeachment? _ Look to
the same book that prescribes trials for impeach-
ment and these other trials. There is the same
doctrine of necessity, and the same guard in the
application of that doctrine. If you will find it
written in this book, you can have it. This right
does not apply in the case of impeachment any
more than m the case of criminals; and it is no
more necessary to impeach an unworthy member
of this body, than it is to convict a horse-thief.
, Tlieie is a violation of law in both cases; but we-
| sometimes have to let criminals go unwhipped of
justice, because the Constitution gives no power
to take witnesses from another State; and so an
officer that is impeached before this body may go
unwhipped of justice, because there is no power to
compel witnesses. You can issue your subpena
within this District, where you have exclusive
jurisdiction, in cases of impeachment,and in those
cases which are expressly confided to the juris-
diction of the Government. Beyond that you can-
not go, because the Constitution has not given
you the power to go, and says, in express terms,
you shall not go. It may be necessary. How
necessary? The Senator from Maine says we
must judge. No, sir; the Constitution judges.
You can exercise the power of impeachment with-
out the power of compelling witnesses to appear
from other States; and, inasmuch as you can ex-
ercise your power, you cannot enlarge it by say-
ing it will be convenient to compel the attendance
of witnesses, because the Constitution gives you
no such power. Practically, there would be no
inconvenience. The patriotic sense of duty whicri
resides in the breast of our citizens would induce
them, upon a fair compensation, to come before
the Senate and testify. I think that nine hundred
and ninety-nine out of every thousand would be
glad of the opportunity to pay a visit to the Fed-
eral capital on such a mission. No, sir; there is
no difficulty about it in the world—not the slight-
est; it is all imaginary; and this argument of ne-
cessity cannot be built up on any such supposi-
tion, because such a state of facts as that never
has existed, and probably never will exist.
Mr. President, it is time that we were done
with this odious plea of necessity. Our fathers
thought that they had exploded it, and exploded
it altogether. Ours was the first attempt to define
by written instrument, by grants, by limits, by
restrictions, and by limitations, the encroachments
of power, and to preserve the individual rights of
the citizen; and it is a departure from the spirit
of the Constitution for us to break over these
wholesome restraints, which the wisdom of our
fathers imposed upon us, and the* justify our-
