2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10.
order. The bill proposes to provide for the for-
mation of a government by the people of the'Ter-
ritory of Idaho. aThe substitute of the gentleman
from Massachusetts proposes to lay off the Ter-
ritories into land districts, and to appoint a sur-
veyor general, which is the proper business of the
Commissioner of Public Lands. The substitute,
therefore, is not germane to the bill. That is my
point of order.
Mr. THAYER. I suppose the House is well
aware of the purport both of the bill and of the
amendment, it is proposed by this amendment
to leave the people to form their own institutions,
until Congress shall see fit to interfere and estab-
lish a territorial government. The bill is in ac-
cordance with the past policy of the Government
in respect to the Territories, whereby the sover-
eignty of the people of the Terntoiies is held in
abeyance. - The amendment is in accordance with
the principle that the sovereignty of Congress and
of the Executive shall be held in abeyance while
that of the people is active. 1 submit to the House
whether that is not in order.
Mr. GEO W. I wish to call the attention of the
Speaker to a decision made at the last Congress
by Mr. Speaker Orr. A bill providing for pre-
emption of the public lands, was introduced by
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] from the
Committee on Public Lands. Tho homestead bill
was offered as a substitute. Tho Speaker decided
the amendment out of order, as not being germane
to the proposition. That was a much stronger
case than this, for it was on the same subject; but
there is no affinity between the formation of a
government and the disposition of the public
lands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendment is not germane. The question of
forming a government in a Tcriitory is a thing
by itself, and it ought to be decided by itself. The
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
relates rather to the surveyoiship of the public
lands.
Mr. THAYER. I shall be obliged to appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. THAVER. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. My recollection is, that there
is in the bill itself some phraseology which relates
to the public lands; and, under any circumstances,
1 regard the amendment as clearly in order.
Mr. BUFFINTON. Is debate in order?
The SPKAKKR. It is not.
Mr. KUFFINTON. Then I object.
Mr. UOUSTOiV. As a matter of course the bill
can be examined, as 1 suppose. Will the Speaker
have the fourteenth section read for information?
The fourteenth section was read, as follows:
Rec. 14 Jlnd be it further cnacted, That when tho lands
In the aaid Territory'khull be aurveyod, undei the direction
of the Government of the United States, piepaiatory to
bringing the same into niaiket, sections numbered sixteen
and tlnrty-yix, in each townshipm said Teiritmj, shall be,
ami the t utne aie hereby, reseived tor the paipose o! bein;<
applied to schools m said Territory, and in the States and
Ternuuies heiealter to be erected out of the Name.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is clearly relevant to
that.
Mr. GROW. Not at all. The section pro-
vides for the disposal of the lands after they are
surveyed. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will observe that the amendment is otfoivd
as a substitute to the whole bill, not as an amend-
ment to this section. It then-fore strikes the
Chair as not being germane to the bill, which pro-
vides for the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is clearly a substitute,
and in the case of Arizona the same thing was
held. [Cries of " Order ! "]
Mr. THAYER demanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Tappan were appointed.
ihe House divided; and the tellers reported—
ays thirty-four.
So the yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 75; as follows:
\ E A3—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldnch, Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Bubbitt, Beale, IJingham, Blah, ttlake,
Bocock, Cray ton, Bufiinton, Burlinsame, Burnham, Butter-
field, Carey, Ca.se, Clark H. Cochrane,'Colfax, Conkling,
Covodo, Curry, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duel!, Dunn, Edwards,Eliot, Farnsworth,Fenton, Foster,
Fiank, Gooeh, Glow, Hale, Heimick, Hughes, Irvine,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, ICilgoic, DeWitt C. Leach,
T<ee, Looim-5, Lovejoy, Marion, MeKean, MeKnight, Mc-
Pherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Nixon, Olm, Perry, Pettit,
Potter, Itice, Christopher iiobinson, Jioyce, Schwartz,
Scranton, Sherman, Spnmei, Stallwoith, Stanton, Stevens,
William Stewait, Tappan,' Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandever, Veiree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadvvalader
C. Washburn, Elhliu 13. Washbuuie, Isi.iel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—85.
NAYS—Me&sis:. Adrain, Allen, Thomas L.Anderson,
Asshmore, Aveiy, Barkbdale, Barrett, Bcnham, Branch,
Biistow, Bureh, John B. CUnk, Clopton, Cobb, Cooper,
Cox, James Craig, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Ely, Eth-
eridge, Ferry, Florence, Gamett, John T. flams, Haskiti,
Hawkins, Iliekman, Hoard, Houston, Humphrey, Jaekj-on,
Jenkins, Jones, Kilhngcr, Kunkel, Landinni, Latiabee,
James M. Leach, Leake, Lo«*an, Love, Chaile* D. Mai tin,
McQueen, Milc.s, Millson, Montgomery, Sydenham Mooie,
Edwaid Joy Moms, Isaac N. Moms, Niblack, Pi-ndleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Ptyor, Pngh, Reagan, Reynolds,
James C. Kobin-on, iluffiu, William Smith, Ste-
venson, Stout, Taylor, Thayei, Thomas, Undenvood, Val-
landiyham, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, and
YVnght—75.
So tho appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. GOBI), when his name was called, said:
t avail myself of this opportunity to state that
the record shows that 1 was absent when two
votes were taken the day before yesterday. I was
exceedingly sn k that day, and was compelled to
leave the J&ousc: but the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gukley] was kind enough to propose to
pair olF with me. We therefoio paired off that
evening on the tariff question. On this question
I believe the Speaker is wrong, and I shall vote
" no."
Mr. KUNKEL. As I understand that the hill
and substitute refer to the same part of the public
domain, by metes and boundaries, I therefore
vote " no."
Mr. GROW. Then the gentleman from Mary-
land does not understand it correctly. That is
all. 1 move to dispense with the reading of the
names.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. GROW. Now, 1 belh 'vo the business
stands in this way: an amendment is offered by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] and an-
other amendment is olleu-d by the gentleman from
Illinois, |Mr. Keli.ogc..] Tho substitute offered
by the gentleman from Alas^achusetts has been
decided out of order. .Now I will hear the gen-
tleman from Georgia.
Mr. GARTRELL* I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill, and to all other terntorial bills
reported by the Committee on Territories. I send
it to the Clerk's desk, and ask that it shall be
read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained Fhall be so con-
strued as to authorize the Legislating of said Teintory to
paj-s any law abolishing slavoiy in said Temioty oi lo pro-
hibit the intiodaction ol slavery therein, or to exclude slaves
theiehom, or to destroy or impair the light of property in
slaves, by any legislation whatever.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope the gentleman will
allow us to have a vote by yeas and nays on that
proposition when the bill comes up.
Mr. GROW. I behove that all bills on terri-
torial busnuss have now been leported by the
different committees, and placed on the Calendar.
After to-day, they will all be printed. I now
propose to the House, that all the amendments
proposed by gentlemen to these territorial bills be
printed, and that the business be postponed till
Saturday.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask leave to introduce an
amendment to the sixth section, and have it
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to con-
template the reference of all these bills to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. GROW. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is, that the amend-
ments be received and printed, and that the fur-
ther consideration of the matter be postponed till
Saturday.
Mr. GROW. All these bills for the organiza-
tion of Territoriesare alike, except as to the names.
I propose to take one of them as a test, and let
whatever course the House shall take in regard
to it apply to all the others, Let gentlemen pro-
pose what amendments they desire, and let all be
printed, and the business be postponed till Satur-
day.
Mr, GAR.TRELL. Will you give us a vote
on all these several amendments?
Mr. GROW. I concede that there shall be a
vote on every amendment that is germane, and
can be offered in a parliamentary "way. .
Mr. GARTRELL. I think that is fair; and, so
far as I am concerned, I am satisfied.
Mr. ADRAIN. i have no objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
but my amendment is short, and I should like to
have it read.
Mr. GARTRELL. As 1 understand, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania considers my amend-
ment as germane to the bill.
Mr. GROW. * WhatImeanisthis:toletvotes
be taken on all parliamentary amendments. For
instance, there can be only two amendments pend-
ing at the same time. Then there may be a sub-
stitute. If the amendments are germane and
parliamentary, T will make no objection to it.
Mr. GARTRELL. Then I suppose that when
the bills are being read for amendments, I can
offer that as an amendment to some section of the
bill. *
Mr. GROW. Let me say, that on Saturday,
when this bill comes up, it will stand exactly, so
far as any parliamentary advantage to either side
of the House is concerned, as it does now, and
there I am willing to leave it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I now ask that my proposi-
tion be read.
Mr. GROW. Let me say to the gentleman
from New Jersey, that if the blouse agrees to the
motion to print all those amendments, the older
will covcr his amendment, and it would be con-
suming time unnecessarily to read it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have no objection to the
order to print; but I should like to have my
amendment read.
Mr. GROW I believe I have the floor; and I
want to appeal to the House to know whether
they will agree to the proposition which I have
made?
Air. ADRAIN. I believe the Chair recognized
me.
Mr. GROW. I object to the reading of the
gentleman's amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought tho gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania had surrendered the
floor, and assigned it to the gentleman from New
Jersey to have his amendment read.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania acts as if he had the whole control of the
House.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have the floor.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; 1 am entitled to the
floor f<3r one hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the gentleman from New Jersey has the iloor at
present.
The Clerk read Mr. Adrain's amendment, as
follows:
lnseit after twenty-sixth line, on page 7, the following.
That, it being the tine intent and meaning of the- act, not
to legislate slaveiymto said Terutoty, nor to exclude it
thcicfiom, but to leave the people theieof peilecily free to
form and regulate their domestic institution of siaveiy m
their own way, subject onlj to the Con*tuution of the Uni-
ted State*.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to those gen-
tlemen who are offering amendments to this bill,
that if they expect to get votes npon them in the
House, they will be disappointed. There ran be
no doubt about that. There are two amendments
to the bill now pending, and all others will goby
the board whenever you come to apply the'iules
to them. The only way in which you can get a
vote upon any further amendments, is by refer-
ring the bill to the Committee of tile Whole on
the state of the Union. There is no reason why
it should not go there, because it is tenitoiial
business, and territorial business has pnoiity
over all other business during these two days.
If the gentleman will let all his territorial bills
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
tile Union, I am willing to postpone the nv.iler
till Saturday, as he desires: but I am unwilling
to make the postponement if the result is to be
that the bills will be taken up and pressed tin ough
