m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
from the temper displayed by the House, that the
gjentleaiap who occupies the floor will proceed
with decorum and moderation, and the difficulty
in which the House has been in danger of being
plunged Tjsrill be readily and expeditiously obvia-
ted by permitting him to proceed. X hope, there-
Tore, that he will" be permitted to proceed in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. He has a right to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will say that I do
not rise with any desire to interfere with my col-
league, but as a conservator of the public peace.
I am unwilling to see this House turned into a
bear garden.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know if that is in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this interruption
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Looan,J un-
less the Clerk decides that another gentleman has
the right to take the door from him after it has
been assigned to him by the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk has expressly stated
that no other gentleman has the right to take the
floor from him.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What right has the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to
make remarks ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from jj
Illinois to yield to me for a moment. We have j;
now been here live days  .!
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield. 1
• Mr. MAYNARD. My friend will agree with j
me, that in this disorganized condition, with the 'j
galleries shouting and hissing, we have no means
of preserving order at all. Then; is an example
in the Congress which assembled in December, ,
1839, where, under a similar state of facts, a reso- j'
lution was passed similar to the one wlueh I now ^
propose to introduce. I ask tluit it may lie read. !i
Mr/RTJST. t object to the reading of it. 'I
Mr. LOGAN.* I do not yield. I hope, Mr. :
Cleric, now that this little breeze has passed over, i
that we shall have peace and quiet until this mat- j
ter call be disposed of, or at least until 1 have
made the remarks wluchl intended to make when j'
I arose. ;
Mr. Clerk, when I was interrupted, T was at- j
tempting to discuss the charge that had been din- (
tinctly made by my colleague from Illinois (Mr. ;
Kellogg] against a Senator from my State. The jj
chargc was denied, and my colleague stated that
he could prove it.
So far as proving the charge is concerned, 1 do
not know whether the gentleman could prove it
or not. On that 1 was about to make a few re-
marks. Allow me to say that, I do not intend to
shield myself behind the plea that it was a private
Conversation, t wish to meet the accusation in
tlio face. If it were a private conversation, how-
ever, and to be proved by any person that par-
ticipated ill it, and heard it, 1, for one, would not
believe such a man upon oath. I would not. take
the testimony of any such man in order to destroy
the reputation of an honorable man. Other gen-
tlemen may do as they see fit.
Mr. Clerk, the charge is this: My colleague
states:
! charge that Mr. Giccley was, ngain :uid with j
others, in consultation in the piulor of JiulSP Doi:«l..vs, ;
planning; and scheming the election of Judge Ookiuas to
the Senate of tin; United stales,'1 See. j
That charge was repeated twice. It varied ,
somewhat in'the last repetition. The first charge ,
was, that he was found, time and again, plotting
for the purpose oi securing the election of an hon- i
orable Senator from I Ihnois over Abraham Lin-
coln to the United States Senate. In reference j
to that, I statu this to he the fact: Judge Dote:- [
las is not capable of contracting or agreeing with
Horace Greeley, ;,t any time or place, for his |
assistance in any way whatever, in order to sell j
out any party or to dispose of himself. He is too
honorable a man to enter into any arrangement !
with Horace Greeley, at any time, in any place,
or ill any manner, for the purpose of destroying .
the Democratic party, or for the purpose of secur-
ing success for hinisi If. That is the view I enter- ,
tain of Judge Douglas. Viewing him as a man
of honor, a man of integrity, a man incapable of
upholding any dishonorable act, a man who has
carried the flag- of the Democracy in front upon j
many a hard-fought field, a man who has ever i
abided by Democratic principles, I cannot believe
that he could be guilty of committing an act so
recreant as that of which he has been charged.
Hence I pronounce it false in every word and
every particular-
Mr. McCLERNAND. At this point, with my
colleague's permission, I send to the Cleric's desk,
to be read, the following letter from Judge Doug-
las:
December 7, 1859.
My dear Sir: Your note is justieceivcd, informing nie
that Mr. ICicli.ogc, of Illinois, in the course of a discussion
in the House of Representatives, to-day, made the following
charge against mo:
"Mi. Kellogg, of UlinoK I chargc that Mr. Crcclcy
was again and again, with other?, in consultation in the
parlor of Judge Douglas, planning and schemingthe elec-
tion of Judge Douglas to the Senate of the United States
fiom the State of'UHnois."
Now, while it is tme that men of all shades of political
opinion have been in the habit of visiting at my house for
the ten yeais J have kept hou> c in Wa^Iun^ton, and while
it may bo true that Mr. Greeley, among others, mav have
visited at my house vvitiun that titfie, it is wholly untrue
that I ever planned or schemed, or had any anangemcM
whatever with Mr. Giocloy, at mv homo or elsewhere, for
the purpose o{ &tvuung mv reelection to the Senate ot'the
United States. On the eontiai\, the cliQige, in all its parts
ami iiiipoit, is> uttcih lal>'%
Veiy truly, your friend, S. A. DOUGLAS.
Hon. J. A. McCixrninj), Ilotise of Representatives.
Mr. McCLEIlNAND. This letter is conclu-
sive upon the point in dispute.
Mr. LOG AN. Thus, then, is the charge of my
colleague refuted by the declaration of denial made
by Ju'&ge Douglas himself. The gentleman from
Missouri has stated that he would not take Mr.
Greeley's word on oath. As a Democrat, I sup-
pose he would not; but 1 suppose those who be-
long to the same party as Mr. Greeley does, will
believe hnn. Mr. Gnu ley is the conductor of
the Tribune, the organ of the Republican party.
Therefore, his testimony must certainly betaken
as good by that party. And, sir, Hoiace Gree-
ley has pronounced the accusation falsi—false in
every particular and 111 every word. 1 say, let
this testimony of Mr. Greeley go to the Repub-
lican part von'the other side of the House,and to
the Republican party of the country, to brand the
charge that lias been made as a falsehood. And
let judge Doroi.A'i be taken by Democrats; for
he is a Democrat, and has always been a Demo-
crat in his own .State, and on all oeeasious lias led
that party to victory through many a hard-fought
canvass.
W lint, sir, was the object of making this charge ?
Was it not for the purpose of using it in Indiana,
Ohio, Illinois, lVIissoim, and many other States
where conventions have not been held; where, to
Judge Douglas's injury,it might be charged that
he had complicity with Gieeley, and_ thus to de-
stroy lum ? Vor that reason I deem it worthy oi
answer; and I would have answered it the other
day, were it not that 1 wished to wait until my col-
league. in the goodness of his heart, would get
up on this floor and acknowledge that he was mis-
taken. I hope, sir, the time will come when he
will come forward and state that, in making the
charge, he has laboied under a misapprehension.
Mr. Clerk, I have a word to say on another
point. Then' arc men on this side of the House,
Democrats fi om the Nortli, South, East and West,
who have seen the trials we, as a party, have
passed through with Judge Douglas as one of its
lead. 1-s. Look at the. strusrarle of where lie
stood by tin' men of 1 he South. Yet some of these
southern men, [ am sorry to say, received this
accusation against Judge "Douglas vv ith smiles and
applause. Look at his action in favor of the fugi-
ti\e slave law, which was for your interests.
When he returned to Chicago he was not allowed
to address his fellow-citizens to show that the
South had a right, under the Constitution, to have
such a lav/.
Further, in the memorable struggle of 1854,
after the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
which gave to the people of the South a right de-
nied them since 1820, although guarantied to them
by the Constitution of the country, the right to go
into all the Territories of the United States on an
equal footing with the people of the North, with
ail their property of whatever description, and
when that distinguished Senator went home he
was refused an audience in the city of Chicago,
his own home; was hooted ■ own, and many of
the gallant leaders of the Northwest, who were
following under his banner, were struck down,
and passed along to their political graves, because
they stood by bis side; ana though the fanatics of
the North fanned the flame of fanaticism until they
overwhelmed us for thctime—for Illinois was over-
whelmed then—yet to-day we stand with a proud
front as a Democratic State, th e same that we over
have, with the intention of bringing out, at the next
election. a majority of votes for the man who may
be nominated at Charleston for the President of
the United States, be he North, South, East, or
West.
I ask, then, of gentlemen upon this side of the
Bouse if a charge of so infamous a character as
this is, against a man who has stood up as he has,
shall be made by a gentleman1 upon the other side,
and be received by those who have stood side by
side with that Senator in ail the struggles which
have passed over our heads for many years?
So far as the charge of complicity with Greeley
is concerned you have our denial, and the denun-
ciation of it in our own kind of language. So far
as that distinguished gentleman is concerned, we
now disnnss'it. The charge goes to the world
with our denunciation of it as a calumny and
falsehood, and let them judge of it.
I desired, however,Mr. Clerk, while occupying
the floor, to make a few remarks m reference to
the politics of the State of Illinois, and I want my
Democratic friends upon this side of the Hall to
decide in reference to whether or not the Repub-
lican party of Illinois is so national in its senti-
ments as it has been represented to be by my
woithy colleague from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg.1
While occupying the floor the other day lie said
that the Republican pai ty of his district and of
Illinois was as national as uny paity upon the
earth ; that no mail could accuse his constituents
of anything else than being loyal, Constitution-
loving people, good and '■.vorliiy citizens, at all
times obeying the laws and Constitution of the
country.
So far as the constituents of my worthy col-
league are concerned, I have nought to say. I
know nothing about them. I suppose he believes
they are as good citizens as any of us represent.
I do not attempt to draw any line of distinction
between his constituents and my own, except as
respects their action in governmental aifairs. The
question is, is the Republican party of Illinois
the lcind of party mentioned by my colleague?
Does it obey the laws, does it yield to the Con-
stitution of the country? I say it does not. I
say to you, gentlemen of the South, that you need
not think that the Republican party of Illinois—
where I reside, and of which I am proud to say I
am a native—art; for the Constitution. They are
not, and never have been, its friends. They are
not law-abiding people, and never have been.
They are not Constitution-loving people, and
they never have been; and if the gentleman tells
its that his people—the Republican portion of
them—are for the Constitution; that his Republi-
can constituents protect the rights of the South,
and stand by those of the North, West, and East,
Idenyit. Why do I do it? I do it for the reason
that in 1854, in Ottawa, and other places in the
State of Illinois, the Republicans of the State of
Illinois, in their conventions, passed lesolutions
repudiating the fugitive slave law; passed resolu-
tions calculated to infringe upon the rights of the
people of the South; passed resolutions refusing
to carry out the doctrines of the Constitution in
reference to the fugitive slave law; passed reso-
lutions declaring that no more slave States should
be received into this Union; passed resolutions
declaring that slaves should not be allowed to gc
into the Territories. And such was the platform
upon which gentlemen from northern Illinois
were elccted.
Not only that, but a member from Illinois
having a seat upon this floor, when in the Legis-
lature of Illinois—I think it was in 1855—-intro-
duced a resolution instructing her Representatives
and requesting her Senators to vote for a repeal
of the fugitive slave law, and when he went home
his constituents sent him to Congress, consider-
ing him the most loyal subject there was in his
district.
In the Republican portion of Illinois they ad-
vocate the same doctrine that Seivaud advocates.
Abraham Lincoln, when a nominee of the Re-
publican party of Illinois for the Senate of the
united States, in the place of Stephen A. Doug-
las, declared that this Union could not exist half
slave and half free, but that the conflict would go
on until this country was composed of all free or
