1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
selves 011 the doctrine of necessity and the prece-
dents of the British constitution and the British
House of Lords and the idea that we are a court.
Sir, if we could get rid of everything that has
been brought into this discussion but what legit-
imately belongs to it, and that is the rights of this
individual under the Constitution of the country,
end our rights over him, it strikes me there would
be no difficulty. But, sir, you are about to take
an alarming stride of power. —You are about to
take a stride of power of evil example in alktirne
to come. You are aibout to take a stride that will
awaken the jealousies of this people in every part
of this land justly. It is tl^a first time in the his-
tory of the Senate that the attempt has ever been
made. I know it has been made, and it has been
sustained in the House of Representatives. Sir,
I will speak with no feelings but those of respect
of the House of Representatives, because I enter-
tain all the respect for them that a loyal citizen
is bound to entertain; but it is no impeachment of
their character to say that being the Representa-
tives of the popular mind, coming, by frequent
elections, fresh from the people, and filled with
the impetuosity of that popular element of which
they are the representatives, it is to be expected
that they would not so carefully, so calmly, so
considerately, and so judiciously weigh these
freat questions of constitutional liberty applica-
le to the personal rights of the citizen, as would
the more august tribunal which is here the rep-
resentative of the sovereign States, its members
holding their offices by a longer tenure, and inde-
pendent of the breath of the popular will, for the
very purpose that in the conservative character of
the body questions of this sort might receive a
calmer and more deliberative and a more j udicious
consideration than they would in the other branch.
Sir, I know that I am spending my breath for
 9ught. I suppose you will send that individual
to prison under a sentence perpetual in its terms;
but I shall have vindicated myself; I wash my
hands of it; and, with all the respect which is due
to the body, I feel it my duty here to-day to de-
nounce it as an act of despotism, not warranted
by the Constitution, not called for by the exi-
gencies of the case.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to what I suppose to
be the real question before us. I do not regard
this matter as involving the question of the power
of the Senate to summon a witness at all. I un-
derstand, by these proceedings, that a witness is
brought before us for an alleged contempt, and
two interrogatories were propounded to him by
the Senate, m order that he might purge himself
of that contempt; and the proper and appropriate
question for us to-day i's, to ascertain whether he
lias purged himself of the contempt, as we gave
him the opportunity to do.
I find by the examination of his answer, that
he has stated, as an excuse for not appearing as a
witness, thai he believed the act of the committee
in issuing a summons for him to be an unconsti-
tutional act, and that, so believing, he couid not
conscien tiously appear before the committee under
the requirements of the summons; but in his sec-
ond answer he say's that, although he cannot
conscientiously appear by virtue of the summons,
he is willing to go voluntarily and answer any
questions that may be put to him. That is the
substance of it. He is willing to appear there,
and that is all we have a right to ask him to do.
If he violates any proprieties there, then there
will be another question; but so far as the ques-
tion now before the Senate is concerned, he was
called to the bar of the Senate, by a resolution
that I voted for, to answer as for a contempt; and
interrogatories were propounded to him to give him
to purge of that contempt;
and I say in all sincerity, that I believe the dignity
of this body will be best promoted by consulting
respecting the conscience of a fellow-citizen.
• j™1"' waSs 10 c°tie here, and our rules re-
quired him to take an oath instead of an affirma-
tion, he would go to prison and rot there before
he would take the oath, under the influence of
his conscience. We are not the judge of whether
men's consciences are right or wrong. We ou"-ht
to respect them. I see no reason in the world* to
doubt the sincerity of that mail.
Mr. MASON. One word only, if the Senator
will allow me. The committee reported to the
fcenate, as a fact, that the witness failed and re-
fused to appear. Now, when the Senator says he
expresses himself that he has always been ready
and willing to appear, it is in contradiction of the
report of the committee.
Mr. SIMMONS. I stated that he said he was
willing to appear voluntarily, and had always
been, but that he could not conscientiously appear
under the control of an order. That is what I had
understood to be his answer. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, the question for me and for the Senate to
decide is, has that man stated what is true under
oath, or has he stated what was false under oath?
The Senator from Virginia, puts it, that, by some
twist of the language, he was uttering what was
not true. I can see something in a man's counte-
nance, and I can have some respect to the delicacy
of his nerves. I believe that he has stated, truly
and conscientiously, the very reason why he did
not come; and the question for us is, is that a sat-
isfactory excuse? 1 say that a witness can purge
himself of contempt if he declares simply, what
this man has declared, that he had no intentional
disrespect to the committee or to the Senate in not
coming. That purges him of contempt if he states
it under oath. A contempt, as I understand it, is
an intentional disrespect to the body that sum-
mons him; there is no doubt%bout that. If the
man made a mistake, if he acted under improper
advice, and states it under oath, he purges him-
self of contempt in any court.
Men frequently have curious reasons. Here
are learned benators,learned in the law, disputing
with each other about the power to do this very
act; and do you suppose private citizens are bet-
ter judges of the constitutional powersof this body
than we are ourselves ? Wherever there is doubt,
every rule of common sense and law would lean
in favor of the citizen—lean in favor of the weak
against the strong; and that is our duty. I have
no more doubt that this man has stated the truth,
than that I am endeavoring to state the truth in
the Senate; and lie has sworn to it. The whole
charge against him is, that he has treated the
Senate's order with contempt, in not appearing
before this committee.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do it with great defer-
•ence; but I wish to suggest to him that, to make
a contempt, according to the meaning of the word,
it is notnecessary thatthe person should be guilty
of anything contemptuous, or intend to act in a
manner to show disrespect. Contempt is to deny
the authority of the tribunal, and to refuse to
obey it. The question is, whether he lias done
that, and is dome: it at this moment?
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only question is,
whether he denies our authority, and refuses to
obey it? If so, he is guilty of contempt, if he is
ever so respectful and ever so conscientious.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then there was no oppor-
tunity for the man to purge himself of contempt
by the questions we put to him. It was mere
mockery to propound the questions we did to him,
ifhe could not purge himself of the contempt by
answering them. I know nothing about your
definition of it; I do not care to talk about the
definition of it in the books; but I say thatwhen
you propound two questions to this man, and he
answers them conscientiously, if they were such
questions that he cannot escape contempt by an-
swering them, they should not have been put to
him. The act had been done before we called
him here; and it is mere trifling with a man's feel-
ings to arraign him at the bar of the Senate under
the idea that he can purge himself of the con-
tempt, when the act was done two months ago,
and he had refused to obey the authority before
we brought him here. The only way he can
escape the imprisonment, if that is the result of
the contempt, is to give his excuse for not doin°-
it, and to state what he has done. Aside from
these conscientious convictions, he is willing to
go voluntarily before the committee. That is what
he says.
Now, ifhe has stated what is not true take it
in that aspect, and suppose you do not believe
him—suppose you believe he has, under the so-
lemnity of an oath, stated what is not true: do you
want his testimony hereafter? Do you want him
to go before the committee and implicate others >
If he has not stated the truth, he is not a fit wit-
ness to affect anybody's rights. If we did not
intend that a truthful statement of his reasons
should be an excuse for his not coming, when
accompanied by an avowal of his readiness now
to come, and should exempt him from the penal-
ties of this contempt, we did not treat him fairly
in propounding the questions to him. I know
enough for that; I know that no citizen is to be
brought to the bar of this body and have ques-
tions propounded to him, unless for some valua-
ble end—unless for his personal security. He
states that he believes this summons invaded his
personal rights, and those of all his fellow-citi-
zens, and that is the reason he would not obey it.
-There seem to be great doubts in the minds of
Senators here, whether he is not right on that
point. For myself, I do not choose to say any-
thing that shall call that power in question. I
believe we have power, in certain cases, to sum mon
a witness; nor do I believe that the course which
I am suggesting would lower, in any degree, the
rights of the Senate; but I believe this man has
stated all that is necessary for us to excuse him.
He has stated that he is willing, voluntarily, at
any time, to come before this committee. I see
no use in pursuing a man of that character any
further. If I thought there was any prospect of
bringing the Senate to proper action on it, I should
offer an amendment, requesting the committee to
fix a time to examine him, and to instruct the
Sergeant-at-Arms to give him notice of it; and
then let the committee examine him as a truthful
witness.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have so lone, Mr.
President, been conscious of the purity and integ-
rity and ability of my friend from Rhode Island,
that I differ from him with great reluctance on
any question; but he seems to me, on this occa-
sion, not to have bestowed his usual thought and
reflection on the question before the Senate. I
say it is for the Senate to determine what inqui-
ries into matters of fact are necessary to enable
them to exercise most judiciously their powers of
legislation. That is a proposition that cannot, I
think, be successfully disputed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe the Senator could
not have heard me. I said I did not intend to call
in question that power.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I say that is a propo-
sition which must be admitted.' Well, sir, we, in
the exercise of that discretion and that power,
have instituted such investigation, and have re-
ferred it to a committee to prosecute that inquiry,
and to obtain from them proper information of
the facts; and, that they might do this the better
and more fully, we have given them the power of
summoning- witnesses before thorn. Is not tin's a
very clear and unexceptionable course of conduct
on our part, recognized by the universal proceed-
ing of legislative bodies, and of our own partic-
ularly ? No one can deny it.
Upon the summons of the committee, a witness
refuses to attend. What is to be done ? We have
the power to institute the inquiry; we have the
power to prosecute the inquiry; and we have au-
thority to prosecute it by means of the ordinary
process for obtaining the attendance of witnesses
—one with which we are all perfectly familiar, if
not in this body, in judicial tribunals, established
and sanctioned by many precedents in this body.
A witness refuses to attend. Is not that a con-
tempt, in the language of the law ? Whatever may
be the state of the individual's feelings towards us
personally, or as a body politic, has he not re-
fused obedience to our authority ? If he has, that
is a contempt in legal interpretation and 111 law;
and without its being so considered, and without
the party refusing such obedience being held
amenable for it, no tribunal can exercise any of
its authorities dependent on information. A court
cannot, and therefore the court summons a wit-
ness. The Senate cannot. We hare so decided:
and we have adopted the means for obtaining the
information; but a citizen of our common coun-
try refuses obedience to the law, on the ground
that his conscience has suggested something to
him against the propriety and legality of our
course of proceeding. Is that a course of conduct
that any gentleman can justify in a citizen of the
United States ? Law is our great ruler here, and
the constituted tribunals that are to oxcrcisc the
powers of Government—legislative or judicial—
all, in their proper spheres, are to be obeyed; else
there is an end to the Government pro tanto.
