THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 16, 1860.
New Series No. 188,
has been recommended by the War Department,
during the present session of Congress, in a com-
munication to the Military Committee of the Sen-
ate; which recommendation was indorsed by that
committee; and it has been recommended by the
Military Committee of the House. Then, 1 say,
when you have the recommendation of the War
Department, of the Committee on Military Affairs
in the Senate, and of the Military Committee in
the House, what higher recommendation can you
have from the military department of the Gov-
ernment ? It seems to me that this appropriation
is essentially necessary. The Military Commit-
tee of the House have never had the bill before
them until two or three days ago, when the bill,
with the amendments of the Senate, was printed.
Since that time, they have given this matter a fair
consideration, and they believe it ought to be
adopted.
One word more. Let me tell gentlemen that the
rules of the Senate authorize thera to place these
matleisof new legislation upon appropriation bills,
and when they are properly there ill accordance
with the rules of a coordinate branch of the legis-
lative department of the Government, this House
oughtto considerthem fairly and impartially upon
their merits, and not blindly reject them because
they would not be in order under our rules if of-
fered in the House. The Senate have, unques-
tionably,the right to place such amendments upon
the bill. This"appropriation is absolutely neces-
sary. It comes properly recommended, and I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. BRANCH. With the consentof the gen-
tleman, I desire to inquire whether the War De-
partment has sent any recommendation for this
appropriation to this House, where, under the
Constitution, appropriation bills must originate ?
The amendment was, by unanimous consent,
withdrawn.
Mr. GROW. I move to increase the amount
$25,000, for the purpose of explaining what seems
not to be well understood by the committee as to
the geography of that country, and the condition
of its affairs. In that region are the remnants of
two most poweiful Indian tribes, the Chippewas
and Sioux, scattered from the great lakes of the
North to the eastern base of the Rocky Mountains
—the Chippewas upon the east .side of the Missis-
sippi, and the Sioux west of the Mississippi, ex-
tending over Dakota and part of Nebraska—and
west of them comes the Black Foot, another pow-
erful tribe. Thus the remnants of these once
powerful tribes have been driven westward, and
concentrated upon this area by the tide of emi-
gration ever encroaching upon their country; and
thus confining them between the Rocky Mount-
ains and the lakes of the North, in a region of
country where there is now no military protec-
tion to the white inhabitants, especially in the
winter season, and there cannot be, unless by pro-
viding unusual means for their comfort, the weather
beirfgso cold.
Scattered along the line communicating between
St. Paul and the Selkirk settlement, m Canada,
are white settlements, composed in places of a
large number of families. Between the Missis-
sippi and the Missouri rivers, in the northern part
of Minnesota, are hostile Dakotas, who have been
depredating upon the whites, more or less, ever
since the Spirit Lake massacre. Why? Because
the Government has not kept a sufficient force
there to chastise them. The militaryis the only
thing which can keep them in subjection. At the
time" of the Spirit Lake massacre, they cscaped
almost entirely any punishment; and hence those
Sioux about Big Stone lake, oil the head waters
of the Red River of the North, stand to-day bid-
ding almost defiance to the arms of the Govern-
ment. The Indian agents have been once or twice'
driven fiom the country.
Now, as a matter of economy, in my judgment,
we should place a strong military force where
these powerful tribes center. The advance of
white settlements has hemmed them in; and the
feeling that they are hemmed in makes them more
188
hostile, in addition to the fact that their former
depredations have brought upon them no retalia-
tion from the whites.
Whether the most desirable point for the loca-
tion of a post should be at the source of the Red j
River of the North, or higher up, I cannot say; j
but I know well the exceedingly hostile feeling of 1
these Sioux and Black Feet, anil the tribes on the
Yellow Stone; and I am satisfied that, unless you
restrain them by the strong military force of this
Government, you will, at no distant period, have
a great massacre in this Indian country of the
North. It is a matter of economy to place a mil-
itary force there. In my judgment, it will save
millions to the Government; and the expenditure
of a few thousands now will save a vast expend-
iture of money hereafter, and the valuable lives
of our citizens.
Mr. BONHAM. If it were a new question, as
to how far this Government should piOtectour
frontier settlements, I might be opposed to this
amendmentof the Senate. But it has been settled
that it is the policy of the Government to encour-
age settlements upon our frontiers; and therefore
1 hold that it is our duty to establish posts, and
to repair those posts when they are out of order,
upon our frontier settlements, so as to protect
year settlers.
Now, sir, 1 do not pretend to know all about
this matter; and hence I have taken the advice
of the present and preceding Secretaries of War,
who have had experience in these matters, in con-
trol ling my vote in committee, as it will control me
here m voting for this appropriation. Look at |
that map and you will see that that entire country ;
is unprotected, and there ought to be a post some- \
wheie near the point indicated on that map. j
I was not a little surprised at the ground taken I
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. j
Branch.] I have yet to learn that tins House j
cannot consider amendments of the Senate pro- j
posing an expenditure of money for the establish- j
ment, simply, of a military post, because the |
Secretary of War has not furnished estimates I
for an expenditure embracing this particular
thing. Has it come to this, that the Senate can-
not propose amendments establishing a post, :
because the Ways and Means Committee of this J
House has not been furnished that estimate ? The
Committee of Ways and Means is not the only j
committee in this House. Is that committee to j
absorb ali the legislation of this Government' ,
Perhaps there may be some little sensitiv eness !
upon their part iti reference to the action of the |
House; and though they may regret the action j
of this House, I hope they will be able to bear it. I
I hope this House will defer to the action of the j
Military Committee of this House, who have rec- ■
ommended this appropriation. Your committee
felt a laudable desire to curtail the expenditures
of the Government, and to cut down, as far as
possible, the appropriations of the Senate. But
this item they did not feel at liberty to cut down.
We are as anxious as other committees are for
retrenchment and reform. We, however, consid-
ered this amendment a proper one, and we con-
curred with the Senate in recommending it; and
I trust the House will adopt it.
Mr. GROW, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment. !
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to reduce ]
the amount one dollar. I assure the gentleman !
from South Carolina that there is not the slight- j
est feeling of sensitiveness upon the part of any j
member of the Committee of Ways and Means I
as to any assistance they may receive, or obsta- j
cles which may be thrown in their way, by the j
recommendationsofdnycommitteesofthisHou.se. |
So far from that, when the gentleman who stands [
at the head of the Military Committee of the House !
[Mr. Stanton] proposed an amendment of the j
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and j
Means separating into their appropriate elements j
the appropriations for now barracks, it was my j
pleasure to say before the House that, recognizing ;
our own incapacity to deal with these matters m 1
detail, I was very glad to welcome the step taksn
by that committee; and only differing with the
gentleman as to some of the details, I simply-
moved to correct it, in order that it might become.
a part of the bill.
Nor am I raising the question as to the pru-
dence or right of the Senate to send us amend-
ments. All I am doing is,following in the steps,
of my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to invoke the very law he in-
voked in his own behalf, thereby by implication
charging the Committee of Ways and Means
with a neglect of duty, which required the details
to be submitted to whatever committee may be
called upon to pass upon them. The objection
now to this course, aside from this question of
policy, so fully discussed,and to which I have no
word to add, is, that it is in the face of a law of
the last Congress, declaring that there should
be no new post established unless there should
have been previous detailed estimates submitted,
not to the Committee of Ways and Means, but
to Congress, to be referred to whichever of the
committees they may think proper. Following
out that law, there has been no detailed esti-
mate submitted as to the cost of this work; "the
mode of its construction; whether it is to be a-->
mere shelter for troops during the summer, or
whether it is to be a fort for the protection of the
Red River country of the North from assaults from
the other side of the line. There is nothing to
limit it. The foundation of a fortification as large
as modern Rome might be laid down there. There
is nothing before the House from which any offi-
cer of the Governmentcan be held responsible for
disobeying the will of the House. It is therefore
in honest furtherance of the policy adopted by
a large majority of the House at last Congress
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
recommended non-concurrence in this amend-
ment, and not because of any jealousy of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mary-
land has a strange apprehension of the object of
last Congress in adopting this provision in the
Army appropriation bill. Now what was the ob-
ject of that provision? 11 was, (hat when we made
an appropriation in gross for the repair and con-
struction of barracks, an officer of the Govern-
ment should not be allowed to go anywhere hs
chose to spend $100,000 without consulting or
asking Congress anything about it. It was that,
1 before the Secretary of War, or any Army offi-
! cer, should incur such an expendituie, he should
I have the authority of Congress for that particu-
! lar work at that particular place, and should have
ail estimate of the cost. Now, I apprehend that
nobody ever imagined that that provision in the
Army appropriation bill was intended as a lim-
itation on the authority of Congress to establish a
military post wherever it pleased, and to appro-
priate with or without a specific and detailed esti-
mate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will my friend
from Ohio read the language of the law ?
"Tlmt no permanent barracksor quarters shall hereaftor
be constructed unless detailed estimates shall have bee*
previously submitted to Coniirct-s, and shall have beea
approved [that is, the detailed estimate* fctiall have beea
approved] by a special appropriation lor the sainc."
Mr. STANTON. Certainly, Mr. Chairman,
without an act of Congress authorizing it, there
cannot be any such thing done. That is precisely
what that means.
Mr. BONHAM. Has not the chairman of the
Committee of ^tVays and Means an estimate tor
that very appropriation ill his possession'
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There is 110 esti-
mate whatever.
Mr. BONHAM. Has not there been an esti-
mate-for the last two years for this work ? And
has not the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means the estimate that was furnished to the
Senate?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will answer his question with
