2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
proposed it yesterday, was not in order; and now,
if I have the floor, I will propose that as a sub-
stitute for the bjH.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
fentleman from Mississippi how the case stands.
'he gentleman from Alabama has withdrawn his
substitute, and there is now pending only the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill]. The amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Mississippi would be in order, but the
Chair has recognized the gentleman from Ohio,
and he is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I proposed an
amendment yesterday which the Chair decided to
be out of order. I trust the Chair, having reflected
upon the subject over night, will reconsider his
decision, and rule my amendment to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania was not in order at
the time it was offered.
Mr. FLORENCE. Pending the debate, I sub-
mitted my amendmentin thenature of a substitute.
I saw then no reason why it was not received.
I have been watching steadily the progress of this
bill, and I thought all the tune that my amend-
ment was pending.
The CHAIRMAN. At the time the gentleman
submitted his substitute yesterday, there were two
amendments already pending, and no other amend-
ment was then in order. Immediately afterwards
one of the substitutes was withdrawn, and it was
then in order for the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to have moved his substitute; but he did not
do so. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallan-
digham] first obtained the floor, and, of course,
at this time no further amendment in the nature
of a substitute is in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I suggest
to the committee whether it is necessary to read
the substitute through. I propose that the Clerk
shall only read the proposed modifications of the
substitute of the bill, which has already been read
through, and with which the House is familiar.
I want to save the time of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to that,pro-
vided we have also read the amendments made in
the committee to the original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Ifthere be no objection, the
modifications of the original bill as made in the
substitute and the amendments mada by the com-
mittee will only be read.
There was no objection.
rhe Clerk proceeded to read accordingly.
Mr VALLANDIGIIAM. Is the substitute
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
which 1 understand is being read now. open for
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Ghair holds that it is
not open to amendment.
Alt\ HOUSTON. 1 think that that is rather
sharp practice for fair legislation. If th# substi-
tute be not open to amendment, then what afarce
it is to read it. It may as well not be read, for if
we cannot move amendments, the reading is a
waste of time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let me understand
this matter. I understand that the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] offered his amendment
as a substitute for the original bill. Then I offered
an amendment to the amendment, which is like-
wise m the nature of a substitute. Is it, or is it
not, in order to perfect the amendment for which
I propose to substitute mine?
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is mis-
taken; his amendment is a mere resolution.
Mr, VALLANDIGHAM. My amendment is
to move to strike out all after the enacting clause, i
and insert what I have submitted. j
The CHAIRMAN. The original bill was per- |
fected yesterday. The amendment of the gentle- I
man from Vermont is a substitute for the ouginal
biH, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is a substitute for that amendment. No fur-
ther amendment is now m order.
Mr. HOUbTON. Did not the Chair rule upon
the original bill that, although an amendment to
an amendment was pending, it was in order to
move to perfect the matter that was proposed to
be stricken out ?
Tkt CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is a proposition to
strike out the whole of the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Vermont, and when the ques-
tion is raised, the Chair reverses his decision, anel
will not allow the matter to be stricken out to be
perfected before the question is taken to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules to-day
precisely in the same way that he did yesterday,
and in accordance with the Manual, the rules, and
the uniform practice of the House. The Chair will
appeal to- the gentleman from Alabama whether
such has not always been the practice.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not understand that such has been the
practice. If that be the practice that is now to be
adopted, I appeal to the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw his amendment, so that we may have
an opportunity to perfect the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont. If we cannot have an
opportunity to amend that substitute, it is all a
sham, a cheat, to have it read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose what I
have sent to the Clerk's table as a substitute for
the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont.
Now, as I understand it, it is allowable by par-
liamentary law, and the usages and rules of this
House, to perfect that which is proposed to be
stricken out. Does the Chair decide that it is not
in order for the committee to perfect the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont before the
question is taken on my amendment to the amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is not in order; for in that case you
would have three amendments pending at the
same time.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that the Chair is
laboring under a misapprehension. I have al-
ways supposed that whatever was proposed to be
stricken out might, whether in the second or the
third degree, be perfected before a vote was taken
on striking out. That has been the obvious prac-
tice, certainly, whether the question be with re-
gard to the original bill or a substitute for it. If
a substitute be proposed to be superseded by an-
other substitute, I hold that the matter proposed
to be stricken out may be perfected before the
question is taken on striking out.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is on
the amendment to the amendment; and the amend-
ment is being read, in order that the committee
may see what it is that is proposud to be stricksn
out.
Mr. STANTON. Is it not in order to move to
perfect what is proposed to be stricken out, in
order to see whether the amendment cannot be
made preferable to the amendment to the amend-
ment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that this is a
plain proposition. The text is the original bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Yesterday the
chairman ruled that amendments in the fourth de-
gree were in order, and I would like to know why
the same ruling cannot be applied in this case?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will un-
derstand that only one amendment is in order to
an amendment; and when those amendments have
been offered as substitutes, it has been the invaria-
ble practice of the House to go back to the ori-
ginal bill, and to amend and perfect it. In so doing,
it has been the practice to receive two amend-
ments—an amendment to an amendment to the
original text; but it has never been the practice to
introduce more than an amendment to an amend-
ment, when both are in the nature of substitutes.
Otherwise there would be no end to amendments.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is it not the priv-
ilege of the friends of the matter that is proposed
to be stricken out, to amend it before the question
is taken on striking out?
I he CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. If the
gentleman from New York does not prefer the
amendment to the amendment, hecan vote itdown,
and then it will be in order to amend the amend-
ment, but not until then.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the amendment
I have now offered Be withdrawn, I understand
the Chair to state that the amendment I offered
yesterday to the substitute of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will be m order.
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I withdraw ,
the substitute I have proposed, und I move to the i
substitute of the gentleman from Vermont the '
amendment I made yesterday. The words m the j
substitute are," on flaxseed or linseed, eight cents I
per bushel of fifty-two pounds." I move to strike i
them out, and in lieu of them to insert the follow-
ing:
Od flaxseed, otherwise called linsefd, twenty per centum
ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, this question has been suffi-
ciently discussed, and the committee is fully ad-
vised in the premises. That no time may be lost,
1 presume that we may as well have the vote
taken on the amendment by tellers.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is well that gentlemen on
all sides should understand the situation of this
bill. I want to see all these things done frankly
and openly. It is obvious, if the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Vermont be loaded down
with amendments hostile to the features and pur-
poses of the bill, the result will be to defeat the bill.
We all know that a bill may be defeated by indi-
rection; and this bill may be defeated by overload-
ing it with amendments in an indirect manner. We
might as well now meet the question fairly. We
may as well take the proposition as it stands, and
vote for or against it. That is the only way any
distinct and complete measure, whether a tariff
measure or any other, can be passed.
I will now make a statement in reference to
flaxseed. I am as much interested in this matter,
perhaps, as any gentleman upon this floor. Under
the present law, linseed comes in free of duty
The bill of the gentleman from Vermont imposes
a duty of ten cents a bushel, which is a protec-
tion to flax growers to that extent. In addition,
the bill of the gentleman from Vermont gives an
incidental protection by imposing a duty of six-
teen cents on a gallon of oil. That is an addi-
tional protection to the flax-growing interest. The
bill also imposes a duty upon imported linen
fabrics, and that affords additional piotection. I
know flax fiber is now lying rotting upon the
fields of the West.
The bill will afford protection for the use of
flax fiber in the manufacture. 1 tried in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to get the duty raised
to sixteen cents a bushel. I have endeavored to
represent the flaxseed interest to the best of my
ability. I had believed that if the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio were adopted, it would
have the effect of defeating this bill, and defeating
the protection given to the flaxseed interest by the
bill of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] As I said before, the protection proposed
to be given m that amendment is, in my judg-
ment, ample. I have examined the matter fully,
and I could go on and give the committee statis-
tics in regard to flaxseed; because I entered into
the examination most fully, under the conviction
that the duty on flaxseed should be twenty cents
per bushel, specific duty. But after a full and
careful comparison of the figures of flaxseed and
linseed oil imported, I came to the conclusion that
a duty of ten, twelve, or fifteen per cent., would
be better for the flaxseed interest.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask leave to refer to the po-
sition taken by the gentleman who spoke with
reference to the proposition now before the com-
mittee. What I wish to say is this: the commit-
tee, on full deliberation, arrived at the conclusion
that a duty of twenty percent. advaloremshaM bo
imposed on this article. Now the proposition of
the gentleman from Vermont is to avoid the con-
clusion of the committee, and bring the matter
into the House; and, by the log-rollmg interests
that may be brought together, utterly annihilate
the conclusion arrived at by the commAtee.
The question being on Mr. Vallandigham's
amendment,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vallaxdig-
ham and Sedgwick were appointed.
Mr. ENGLISH. As several important votes
are being taken to-day, I desire to announce that
I have paired off with Mr. Pottle.
The committee divided; and the tellers report'
ed—ayes 66, noes 78.
So th® amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to offer the amend-
ment to the twelfth section, which the committee
agreed to yesterday; butit is suggested to me that
some member desires to offer an amendment to
the tenth section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
rather late for that, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STANTON. This is an amendment we
are acting on; and is not like, an original bill m
