86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man answer another question ?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman knows very well
the position of Judge Douglas in Illinois. We
were his friends, and were elected with him. I
ask whether there is any necessity of recurring
to these old issues?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will ask the,
gentleman one other question. I will ask the gen-
tleman whether the nominee of the Democratic
caucus of this House, if elected to the Chair, will
so organize the committees of the House as that
Kansas shall be admitted into the Union without
reference to the restriction in the English bill ?
Mr. LOGAN. So far as the Democratic can-
didate for Speaker is concerned, I have never
asked him a question, for God knows the subject
never entered my mind. I came here to vote for
* whoever the Democratic party should put in nom-
ination for Speaker. I have entire confidence in
the impartiality of that gentleman who is the
nominee of the Democratic party. I have confi-
dence in him because he comes from the land of
Washington, Jefferson, Madison—from a land of
patriots; and I believe that no man coming from
that land could act in such a manner as to infringe
upon the rights of any portion of this Union.
[Applause.!
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman permit mo
to put an interrogatory to him?
Mr. LOGAN. That is owing to its character.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman from Illinois
has stated that he intended to support the nom-
inee of the Charleston convention.
Mr. LOGAN. I have.
Mr. HASKIN. If the Charleston convention
adopt a platform in opposition to the views of
Judge Douglas, as expressed in his essay,pub-
lished in Harper's Magazine, and indorsing and
approving the conduct of this Administration, as
well upon other matters as upon its Kansas pol-
icy, will the gentleman from Illinois then support
the nominee of that convention ?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the gentleman's
question. I am now about twenty-eight years
of age. I was born a Democrat; and, all my life,
1 have learned to believe that the Democratic
party, m national convention, never do wrong.
[Applause and laughter from the Democratic
benches and the galleries.] i have never known
the Democratic party, in national convention, to
indorse a platform that was not consistent with
my views. Having that confidence in the party,
I do not go ahead, and I will not say what I will
do. Having confidence m that convention, I will
vote for the nominee of that convention.
Mr. HASKIN. Anyhow?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HASKIN. I will not. Does the gentle-
man believe with the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, whose nomination lie is desirous of se-
curing from the Charleston convention, and who
I sustained throughout his glorious fight against
this Administration, as well upon its Kansas pol-
icy as upon its startling corruptions, which, in
the last House, I endeavored to expose to the
country—does the gentleman from Illinois believe
with the Senator from his State that an organized
territorial government, like that of Kansas, can
exclude or abolish slavery from its borders?
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will answer the gentleman's
questions in this way.
Mr. HASKIN. No dodging. Let us put our-
selves squarely upon the record.
Mr. LOGAN. I profess to be a Democrat. I
do not recognize such a distinction as anti-Le-
rompton or Lecompton Democrats, but denom-
inate all as Democrats. I have said already that
I have buried past issues. I have done with them.
Ignoring them, I say that I am a Democrat with-
out a prefix to my name. I am for Stephen A.
Douglas tor the next President of the United
States—first, last, and alt the time. If he is not
nominated, I am for the next man—that is, sir,
the man who is nominated. [Applause and laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HASKIN. If the Charleston convention
adopt a resolution in its platform that Congress
shall protect slave property in the organized Ter-
ritories of the United States where the people are
opposed to it, will the gentleman from Illinois
then suoport the nominees of that convention ?
Mr. LOGAN. Let me say to my friend from
New York to wait until the Democratic platform
is adopted. When it is adopted, and we have seen
it, is the time to say what we will do. Let us
meet and embrace one another as brothers. Let
us come together, strike hands, and bury past
differences. Let us meet upon a common plat-
form. Let us be united in our action to defeat
the Republicans and to elect a Democratic Speaker.
[Applause.]
Mr. HASKIN. Let me, in reply to that prop-
osition, say a few words. At the last session of
Congress the Republican members of this House
put themselves squarely upon the anti-Lecomp-
ton platform, the same platform which Judge
Douglas supported. By voting for the Critten-
den-Montgomery bill they gave up their anti-
quated doctrine of no more slave States. I am
one of those, sir, who came here into this Hall
from an independent constituency. I came here
with no party collar upon my neck. Nor, sir,
am I a believer in the doctrine that if my enemy
smite me upon my right cheek that I shall turn
my left to him to be again struck. [Applause
upon the floor and in the galleries.] 1 am, and
have been, in favor of the speedy organization of
this House. I am, and have been, opposed to the
rambling debate that has been going on for days.
And, Mr. Clerk, let me say that I hold in abhor-
rence the appeals made to me, by gentlemen of
the other side—to me, an independent anti-Le-
compton Democrat, to come to the support of the
infamous policy of this Administration in refer-
ence to the admission of Kansas by supporting a
Lecompton Administration Dcmocratfor Speaker.
[Applause upon the floor and in the galleries.]
For myself, I will never vote in this House for any
man for Speaker who voted for the Lecompton
policy of this Administration, or who approves of
its proscriptions and corrupt action; [renewed ap-
plause ;] nor any man who will vote to sustain its
party proscriptions in Illinois, about which the
gentleman upon the floor from that State must
certainly know something.
A Member. Will the gentleman vote for a
Republican ?
Mr. HASKIN. I will vote for any gentleman
from this side of the House who comes nearer to
my platform than the gentlemen of the other side
who voted for the Lecompton policy of this Ad-
ministration. [Applause.] I came here determ-
ined to do all within my power to prevent the
organization of this House by the election of an
Administration candidate. [Ronewed applause.]
Is that explicit enough?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir. All I have to say in
reply is, that I came here as a Democrat, and I ex-
pect to support a Democrat. I may have differed
with gentlemen upon this side of the House in
reference to issues that are passed; but God knows
that I have differed from the other side from my
childhood, and with that side I will never affiliate
so long as I have breath in my body. [Ap-
plause.]
Mr. HASKIN. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois and the House that, if this side of
the House affiliate with me and the anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrats, I will be most happy to deceive
their support and affiliation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman has left
the Democratic party for the party's good, and
we are glad to be rid of him.
Mr. HASKIN. I am not under any obliga-
tion to the Administration party of this House, j
As an independent Representative in the last Con- i
gross, I have had my action approved by my
constituency. I was elected over the Adminis- j
tration candidate who ran against me. If the j
Republican party will put itself upon the popular j
sovereignty platform; if it will come to the con- !
elusion that the Legislative Assembly' of a Terri- ;
tory can abolish slavery, as Judge £>ouglas has 1
proclaimed it can in his Harper Essay; if it
will go to work and expose to the country, as I
hope it will upon the organization of the House,
the infamous extravagance and the gross corrup-
tion of this Administration; if it will put itself
upon our platform, then I would sooner cooperate
\yith that party than with those who have, for
the first time in the history of the country, raised
an issue upon a fraudulent constitution and en-
deavored to force a slave State into the Union
under it. [Applause.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I would like to put a
question to my friend from New York, [Mr.
Haskist,] who was with me a member of an in-
vestigating committee at the last session.
Mr. STANTON. If I have the floor 
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman to let me
have the floor for a moment.
Mr. STANTON. After what has passed, gen-
tlemen will excuse me if I do not yield to any
gentleman for any purpose.
Mr. BURNHAM. I trust the gentleman will
be allowed to proceed. He has been kept from
the floor all day, when he was entitled to it last
evening. •"
Mr. STANTON. I had not intended, sir 
Mr. FLORENCE. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio to refuse to yield the floor for
a moment?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir; I did.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I will take another
time to ask my friend a question or two in refer-
ence to the corruptions of the Administration,
which he has attempted to discover.
Mr. HASKIN. Ask them now, if you please.
Mr. STANTON. No, Mr. Clerk; I refuse to
yield the floor to any one now. I had not in-
tended to claim the attention of the House at all
until it had been organized by the election of a
Speaker, if it had not been for the remarks of my
colleague, yesterday, [Mr. Cox.] And now, al-
though I desire to avail myself of this or some
other early opportunity to reply to those remarks,
I desire to say now to the House, that if they de-
sire to proceed to the election of a Speaker, I will
forego making the remarks I intended to make
upon this occasion, and allow the House to vote
as long as it chooses, with the distinct under-
standing that when the House will vote no longer
and desire to renew the discussion, I shall be en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. With that understanding,
I move that the House proceed to ballot for
Speaker viva voce.
The motion was agreed to.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, when the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names: Messrs.
Adams of Kentucky, Brown, Jenkins, Landrum,
Olin, and Stallwortit.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to state to the House
that Mr. Oun, being confined to his house by
sickness, I have agreed to pair off with him until
such time as he may recover.
Mr. McPHERSON moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say to gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, that one of our members [Mr. J enkins]
is absent, but has been sent for. He will soon be
here; and I desire that his vote may be received
at any time before the result is announced. '[Loud
cries of " Agreed!"]
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to say to gentlemen
on the other side of the House, that my colleague,
Mr. Landuum, is ill. He can be brought here.
I think it imprudent that he should be. He him-
self desired to be brought here whenever we come
to a critical vote. I am informed that Mr. Clem-
ens, who is now present, has paired off with Mr.
Olin, who is detained from the House by sick-
ness. I propose to the opposite side of the House
that they shall transfer Mr. Olin's pair from Mr.
Clemens to Mr. Landrum for the day.
Mr. CLEMEJNS. I will state to the House
that Mr. Chaffee, of Massachusetts, a member of
the last House, applied to me this morning stating
that Mr. Olin was taken suddenly ill, and unable
to attend the sessions of the House, and inquired
whether, as a favor to him, I would pair off.
Although I am not very well, I consider myself
perfectly competent to attend the sessions of the
House. I consented to the pair. It was a mere
personal matter between Mr. Olin and myself,
but if Mr. Landrum is incapacitated by sickness,
under the circumstances, I prefer that Mr. Olin
should be paired off with him for the day.
No objection being made, the arrangement was
made accordingly.
THIRD BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
Messrs. Briggs , Corwin, Houston, and Adrain
took their seats as tellers; and the House pro-
