1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
tleman does in his States-right doctrines. That |
one citizen shall be summoned out of the State
in which he lives, even by the Congress of the
United States, the common Government of all the
■States, seems to the gentleman a most offensive
and oppressive proceeding.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator indulge me a
single moment?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly..
Mr. HALE. I simply want to remark that it
is the dogma of the States-right school that the
strictest construction of States-right is the most
sure way to save the Union.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not think we ought
to be offended, or our pride excited, that one cit-
izen should be summoned out of his State by the
common Government of the country. We have
common subjects of inquiry; we have common
subjects of interest; common subjects of legisla-
tion; and this is the great body that exercises a
grand superintendence over the whole; and yet
the gentleman thinks that the States are sacred
from the touch of authority by this Government.
What does it govern? Where is its authority?
The District of Columbia? Will the gentleman
reduce his argument to that, aiyl say the Congress
of the United States, the rulers of the whole coun-
try, have a right to summon a witness from the
District of Columbia; but, as for touching the
States, which were the great object and sub ject of
all their powers, (and it is to take care of their
welfare that wo were instituted,) we cannotsum-
mon one of their inhabitants to come to Wash-
ington for a purpose useful and necessary for our
legislation? What, is the gentleman doing? He
is annihilating the power m this particular over
all the United States. We might, perhaps, go
into a Territory and summon a witness. The gen-
tleman has not expressed a definite opinion on
that. The District of Columbia, I believe, he gives
over to our power. Our supreme power may range
from one extent of this District to the other; but
beyond that we cannot go! The boundary of a
State is like that bourne which is never to be re-
turned from.
Sir, it is evident that gentlemen have gone very
inconsiderately, to say the least, into this matter;
and that my friend from New Hampshire has in-
dulged a little indiscreetly his zeal and his,ardor
for liberty on this occasion. Of all the means of
the approach of despotism, I never yet was put
on my guard against that hazardous exercise of
authority which consisted in the issuing of a sub-
pemt for a witness! That is one of the ap-
proaches at which I never looked for the encroach-
ments of despotism. I was off my guard there.
I have been considering it as well as I can, since
the gentleman suggested it; and I will, for the
future, keep my eyes open to it; but for the pres-
ent, I am blind to the danger.
I think upon the whole, Mr. President, how-
ever to be regretted that we should be involved
in any such conflict, the proceedings here leave
us no alternative but to go on. I hope this gen-
tleman, reconsidering somewhat, will consider
something of his duties, and will be better advised
than to stand in contumacious opposition to the
laws of his country any longer, and endure that
prison 'to which I shall regret to send him; but I
shall certainly, so far as my voice goes, feel it my
solemn duty to impose upon him this punishment,
and to keep it imposed upon him until he obey the
law. That is our honorable course; that is our
duty. The law must be obeyed by all; and I
only desire that he shall be required to submit to
that law which I feel bound to comply with, and
which I feel that you and all of us are bound to
comply with.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I concur with
the Senator from Kentucky in almost everything
he has seu^I; but I do not think he has quite an-
swered the suggestion that I made. I did not
insist, nor do I believe that, upon reflection, he
will insist that the only way out of this difficulty
is, that the man must justify his act. He says
there is no justification for his refusal. Suppose
there is none; our resolution did not call for a
justification; it called for an excuse. We pro-
pounded to him the question: what was his ex-
cuse ? That is a very different thing from a
justification. Cannot we excuse a man when we
think he may ho out of the way, when we would
not do as he does in the same circumstances > I
certainly would riot act as he has done; I would
go before the committee very cheerfully, and so
perhaps would every man who is in the Senate;
but here is a man who has a conscientious view
of this matter. It may be very ill founded, or it
may be very well founded. My suggestion was,
that inasmuch as he had declared under oath that
he cannotconscientiously obey the summons, that
that was his excuse for not obeying it, the Senate
might accept it as an excuse, not as a justifica-
tion, by any means; and I had drawn a little res-
olution in this form:
Whereas Thaddeus Hyatt has, by his ample answer to
the first question, delivered in wntingto the Senate on the
9th instant, excused himselffrorn any intentional disrespect
to the Scnatcror to its select committcc ; and, by his answer
to the second question, declaring fiis willingness now vol-
untarily to appear before any committee of the Senate, has
purged himself of the allegation of contempt 
I suppose an excusc would have been satisfac-
tory, or we should not have asked him for his
excuse. If we had asked him for a justification,
I say he has given none,because there is no justi-
fication fo? a violation of law. That is my ground;
but I supposed we might afford to take an excuse
from a man of his temperament that we might not
take from a man of the temperament of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky ormyself. I should
take myself, individually, a very different excusc
from a man who I believed had a very tender con-
science, and was of an excitable temperament, and
that lie reasoned in the way this man has rea-
soned, perhaps very satisfactorily to himself and
to his counsel, but it is not satisfactory to me as a
justification 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman read
that again?
Mr. SIMMONS. Let it be read by the Sec-
retary. There is a resolution couplc d with it,
putting him on the footing of other witnesses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Senator
from Rhode Island propose this as an amendment
to the resolutions?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas Thaddeus Hyatt has, by his ample answer to
the first question delivered in wilting to the Senate oti the
9th instant, excused himselffrorn any intentional disrespect
to the Senate, or to its select committee, and by his answer
to the second question declaring his willingness now vol-
untarily to appear before any committee of the Senate, has
purged himself of all allegation ot contempt by his letusal
to appear: Therefore,
Resolved, That the >:aid Thaddeus Hyatt be discharged
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Aims, and be placed
ou the same footing as other witnesses who have appeared
ami giveiitt'stjmony before the select committee of the Sen-
ate on the subject u£the insurrection at Harper's Ferry.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know the Senator from
Kentucky will distinguish between a justification
for his refusal to appear and an f4fccuse for it. I
have no manner of doubt myself, from the per-
sonal appearance of this individual, and from his
elaborate argument, and the great pains he has
taken to examine this question, that he is consci-
entiouly opposed to submitting to the order made
on him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. "Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him for a moment? I know the
word is cxcuse; but the question is, has he given
an excuse ? Is it an excuse to come and say,
" you had no authority to summon me?"
Mr. SIMMONS. I will tell you what the ex-
cuse is. He says he could not conscientiously
come under your order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not think that is
an excusc.
Mr. SIMMONS. Suppose a Friend, known
as a Quaker, was to be called upon to do military
duty, (we have both of us probably trained in
companies sometimes when we were warned and
forced to do duty;) these Friends have constitu-
tional scruples; they cannot conscientiously do
military duty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If he would leave out
the word " conscience," and say, " according to
my sense of duty I cannot serve," then I should
agree to adopt his excuse. If this gentleman
would come and say, "my religion would not
permit me to travel during Lent,"! might respect
that tenet of his religion. I might stare at the
man and say, Sv if that is your motive, though I
do not acquiesce in your religious opinions, I will
take it as an excuse."
Mr. PEARCE. I would like to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island a question. Does not the
Senator know that this party has coupled th§
declaration of his readiness to testify before the
committee with an impossible condition?
Mr. SIMMONS. What is that?
Mr. PEARCE. "With a condition that the Sen-
ate shall recognize his constitutional rights; and
he has described to us, in the first part of his an-
swer, what his views of the Constitution are. He
utterly denies the authority of this body to insti-
tute this inquiry, or to summon him as a witness
before the committee of their creation; and he is
only willing and ready to testify on a recognition
of those rights that he claims, which we have de-
clared impossible. Such a readiness to testify is
not a readiness to testify at all. The Senate will
not, to the day of doom, I take it, retract what
they have already, by their action and declara-
tions, done in this matter. They will not declare
that they have acted without constitutional au-
thority—that they have invaded his constitutional
rights—and that is what he requires us to do be-
fore he is willing to testify. When we do that,
he is willing. The gentleman's resolution cannot
stand, because it is not consistent with the facts,
in my view of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not going to keep up
this sort of debate. I should like to have the at-
tention of the Senator from Kentucky a moment.
The resolution I have offered is, that he shall be
put oil a footing with any other witness. I do not
propose to take any conditions from him. But
what I am trying to get at is, the question of this
contempt, and make that the only matter. If we
send this witness to jail, it is not for refusing to
answer any question; but because he is in con-
tempt, notwithstandinghisexcuse. I would rather
have a little broader basis for imprisoning a man.
I believe myself that the Senate can better afford
to deal kindLy with any individual,however wrong
he may be; give him a chance, and put him upon
the footing of all other witnesses. That does not
excuse him from a further summons, and if he
refused to obey that summons, we can act. We
have already given our views. Let us take that
course without subjecting him to imprisonment
for having refused to come before.
That is all I want to do. That is alf I propose
to do. I think he is disposed to make a candid
and fair excuse as far as he can. If the Senate
think there is no excuse at all, certainly they will
pursue him. I think we may overlook this sin-
gle mistake or misconduct of* this witness, and
give him a chance to try again. I dislike very
much, in doubtful cases at least, to imprison any
man. There arc doubts about this matter. He
certainly must have been misled, if it is clear as
people think it is. He has two able counsel, it is
said, who have argued the question, and really be-
lieve there is something wrong in this proceed-
ing. I do not myself see it J but it does not follow
that other people may not see it. I think we have
a right to summon him here, and I so 'stated
when he was up, so that the Senator from Ken-
tucky and myself disagree in nothing, except
whether or not this man has made an excuse
which we can accept, or whether we shall im-
prison him for not justifying his conduct, which
we knew he could not justify when we called on
him to make an excuse. That is the only ques-
tion I intend to submit to the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr* President, the authority
which we are now proposing to exercise, and
which has been claimed and exercised almost from
the beginning of the Government, though not es-
tablished by any express language of the Con-
stitution, has yet been recognized in the statute
law. Some three years ago, we were troubled
with a contumacious witness in the other branch
of Congress, and Congress then passed an act in
which they made it penal in witnesses summoned
before either House, or a committer of either
House, to refuse to appearand testify. They pro-
vided for their indictmentand punishment by fine
and imprisonment. This act alone would seem to
recognize very clearly the constitutional authority
of either House of Congress; but it is recognized a
little more explicitly in the part of the law in which
it is provided that the penalties imposed by tho-
act shall be cumulative; that they shall not su-
persede the penalties to which the party was liable
before the passage of the act. To what penalty
was lie liable before the passage of the act ? Clearly,
none, except those which might be put upon him
by either House in the exercise of its jurisdiction
