1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.;
Mr. BOJSHAM. So I supposed, and so I think
the gentleman from Georgia designed by hismo-
tiqp. He does not want to hear what is contained
in these letters. He does not want the truth to
comc out.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to
having the letters read—any letters that may he
produced by the gentleman from South Carolina.
So far as the gentleman supposes that I do not
want the truth to come out, he is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. BONHAM. 1 should have said that the
gentleman is not willing to hear this information,
because he does not believe it amounts to any-
thing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope the papeis
will be read by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the letters were read,
as follows:
Quartermaster. General's Office,
Washington. March 8, 1856.
Sir : In reply to your inquiry as to the amount required
for quarters, hospital, Morehouse, and stable* tor a forcc of
four companies of infantry, which, I undeistand, it is pro-
posed to station at Pembina, on the northern frontier ofMin-
nesota, I have the honor to state that the expense lor the
objects enumerated above will depend upon the resources
of the country proposed to be occupied. Should timber
suitable foi buildings be tound on or near the ute which
mav be selected, the expense will not probably exceed
$50,000, if the work be done entirely or principally by the
troops; but, if it should be necessary to lure mechanics to
construct the buildings, double tiiat turn may be neces-
sary.
I would recommend that the troop-? be required to labor
themselves, and that no mechanics or laborers be hired,
except one or two master carpenters, stone-masons, and
bricklayers, and f uch number of teamsters as may be neces-
sary lor the lew wagons allowed for the use of the post.
In addition to the $5,000 already appropriated, 1 recommend
that §oU,0'JQ be asked for. That sum may not be sufficient,
but it will be as much as can be u&ed during the approach-
ing season.
I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS S. JESUP,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. Jefferson Davis,
Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.
War Department, "Washington-,
March 24, 1856.
Sir: In reply to your note of this date, requesting in-
formation as to the probable com; and the necessity of a
military post proposed to be established in the northern pait
of Minnesota Teiritory, for the protection of the *ettleinents
on the lied Kiverof the North, I have th^ honor to state that j
I deem the establishment of such a post desnable, and retcr
to the inclosed icpott of the (iuaiteimaster General for an
estimate of its co>t
Very lespectfully your obedient servant,
JEFFERSON DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. John B. Wsli.er, Chairman of the Committee on
Military  ijfairs, United States Senate.
Adjutant General's Office, Washington,
January 24, JS60.
Sir: In compliance with your instructions, I have the
honor to make the following report m relation to Senate
bill No 07, " making appiopuations for a mihtaiy post near
the lorty-mnth degtce ot north latitude, in or neat the val-
\c\ of the lied Rivet of the Noun.*'
The act of February 17, !&;>.), and the seventh section of
thca-not Maich 3, J&>7. providing for the support oi the
Amiy foi the \ear ending June 30, 1£5S, apptopnate the
sum of for the construction of banacln and quar-
tets at a imbtaiy po*t to be established in the northern part
ot Minnesota for the protection of the settlement* on the
lied Kivei ot the \ortU.
It was not found piacticablf to #-end troops to the region
of fouiurv indicated bvthe foregoing acts of Congress until
the i timmcr of 1858, when the post known as Fort Abei-
comuie wan located on the Ked river in the vicinity of
Oraham'j Point, its> gariicon consisting ot two companies
of niiaut:>. Soon alter the occupation of that position,
howevei. lepiesentations weie made that the site tixed
nujii \v«ii liable to overflow ; and undei theoeeircum&tanees
It'w a< deemed expedient to suspend the arrangcmcntswn.ch
had been made toi the election of pennanent quarters at
Fort Abcrerombte until the Depaitment eould lniorm it-clt
m, w the validitv ot the objection* urged against the site of
that nost A thorough examination ot the northern part of
Minnesota has been made dui ins the pa^tsummer by a board
oi experienced ofiieot.; and tlx. i, i-p<nt i« now bcte.o the
Wai Department. Jt ^ considered that the post to be estab-
lished in the northern pait ot Minnesota bhould be garri
soned by not loss than t nee companies, one oi Uieni a
mounted t ompanv ; and it is recommended that estimates
tor quarter1., barr.ieks, and tables lor such a garrison, be
submitted to Congress, it U undmtood that a poition ot
the uppropuations heretoiore made for this post remains
unexpended. .. ,r
'J'he proitrt of the Senate bill, inclosed by Hon. Mr. v\ il-
son ri'tiuin's tlie po-t til lie constructed between the forty-
seventh nm! lVinv--ninth ilesrcea of north Inutude. The lat-
ituile ot Foil Abi'ienmibie is about -40° 30'; and as the
Motion in tin: n.iithein part of Minnesota possessing the
mo=t ;«l\anu c« a  tlie site of a military station, is, per-
liaps, to he ioniiii in tlie vieuiity of that post it is respwt-
i'ullv suagesteil whether tlio Senate hill ( j^houid n°t
be so modified as to allow the new post to be located be-
tween the paialieisof forty-&ix and forty-nine degrees north
latitude.
I am, sir, very respectfully,your obedient servant,
S. (JOOPER, Jldjutant General.
To Hon. Jorr; B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by adding
to the amount ten dollars. X desire to say m ref-
erence to this amendment, appropriating $100,'000
for Fort Cobb, that the Committee on Military
Affairs recommend the House to concur. The
appropriation, it is true,is a rather " steep" one;
but the reason for it is, that the location is so re-
mote from timber and every description of build-
ing material, that the cost of erection will be
largely increased. Iam induced to recommend
thisappropriationfrom information as to the wants
of that frontier, which I obtained from looking
over the correspondence of the Indian bureau and
Indian agents, while investigating the question of
this Texas regiment. I am satisfied that Port
Cobb is the proper position for a military post,
being, as it is, upon the frontier of Texas and
New Mexico, and also in a position where pro-
tection may be afforded to the Indians upon the
reservations m the Cherokee country, from the
depredations of white men. It is absolutely ne-
cessary for the protection of that frontier, that you
shall have a large military force stationed in the
neighborhood. The War Department say they
want barracks there sufficient to shelter at least
six companies of troops, and to accomplish that
purpose, an appropriation of about $100,000 is
required.
While upon this subject, I desire to call atten-
tion to a map now hanging in the Hall, recently
prepared by the War Department. The gentle-
man from Texas seems to think he has good right
to complain that there is no disposition to afford
adequate protection to the people of Iris State. If
he will go and examine that map which litis re-
cently been made out, showing the position of
posts now actually occupied by troops, he will
find that they are scattered in the military depart-
ment of Texas thicker than anywhere else ill the
United States. Indeed, it would seem to me that
you eould scarcely locate them thicker conveni-
ently, unless an absolute army were combined to
occupy the whole territory.
I repeat, Mr. Chan man, that I think the loca-
tion of this post a safe and a proper one, and I
hope it will lie adopted.
Mr. REAGAN. I have no disposition to dis-
cuss this question as to the necessity of this ap-
propriation for Fort Cobb. I leave that^ to mil-
itary gentlemen, who are better informed upon
the subject. It may have some connection with
the defenses of our frontier because it is located
in the country where the Indians are.
My object, however, in rising was to say a
word in reference to the remark of the gentleman
from Ohio, who seems to think that because large
flag3 are scattered over that map, the people of
Texas are adequately protected. Now I desire
to call the attention of the committee to the num-
ber of troops stationed at some of these posts in
the military department of Texas:
Foit Chadbournc.
Camp Colorado ^
Camp   
Camp Hudson  
Tort Inge 
72 men.
Fort Lancaster..
Camp Mcintosh.
Fort ttuitman...
San -Antonio Barracks..
.64
 66 «
 83 «
, Camp Stockton 61
I Camp Forde ?'
1 Camp Ives " k,
i Camp Wood 'J
! Fort Duncan <2° u
j Fort Blown ''
j There are in the State of Texas proper but two
| solitai y posts at which over one hundred men are
i stationed. I called the attention of the House, on
a foimer occasion, to the fact that, although there
are twenty-six hundred tinnps within the mili-
tary department of Texas, there are but eighteen
hundred within the State of Xexas. Ihese
twenty-six hundred men are scattered over a
region of country covering ten degrees of lati-
tude and ten degrees of longitude; and, notwith-
standing the gentleman may produce a large map,
with forty times the number of large flags upon
it, it does not change the fact that,, \vithm a few
months, there have been oyer one hundred peace-
able citizens of Texas murdered by these Indians,
that scarcely a month passes tha,t tpen, women,
and children arc not murdered or carried into
captivity. And that is what he calls protection—
by large flags painted upon a large map, and ar-
rayed in the presence of this House.
M r. STANTON. The Military Committee did
not paint them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move %t
the committee rise, for the purpose of going into
the House to terminate this debate. The Senate
has extended the time of final adjournment, and
I think we might just as well close debate upon
those amendments, get through with the bill, and
then adjourn for the day, and not be obliged to
come back here to-nigh t, and sit under this furnace
which is over our heads.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have an
amendment which I desire to offer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I adhere to
my motion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I will oc-
cupy but a few moments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This debate
has been already protracted long enough, and 1
must insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union had , according to order, had
under consideration a bill (H. R. No. 305) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move that
all debate upon the pending section of the Army-
bill be terminated in five minutes after the com-
mittee resumes the consideration thereof.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Debate ought
not to be closed upon the whole scction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then say
upon the seventh amendment of the Senate, with
the pending amendments thereto.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. That will do.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PE1SSIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that the Pres-
ident did, on the 13th instant, approve and sign _
bills of the following titles;
An act (H. R. No. 556) for the relief of Francis
Lavonture and Pierre Grignon;
An act (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of George
P. Marsh;
An act (H. R No. 446) for the relief of Erastua
Hutchins; and
Ail act (H. R. No. 385) granting^ an invalid
pension to Beriah Wright, oi New York. * /
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. V
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committtee of the Whole on the state of tha
Union, (Mr. Washburn', of Maine, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the Army appropriation bill; the
pending question being on concurring in the sev-
enth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend by addmgiive dollars to tlie appropriation.
This amendment of the Senate is for the estab-
lishment of a military post in the Indian country;
and the necessity of that post I shall endeavor to
i establish, by drawing from my knowledge of-the
! state of things at the Northwest. We have the
J Washington and Oregon war debt tliurst into our
\ faces on almost every occasion. How was that
,! debt incurred.' Itwas caused by our Government
i refusing to make appropriations in advance for
h the protection of our citizens. Being in a de-
ll fenseless condition, so far as any Federal troops
1 i were concerned, the Indians rose upon us, and we
ij were obliged, under the circumstances, to doth«
l! best we could. We defended ourselves by calling
" quo the field our own citizens, and in that way
the debt was incurred. Now, it is most extraor-
dinary that many gentlemen in this committee,
when we ask that this just debt should be liqui-
dated, denounce the debt as a swindle; and yet
1 these are the very persons who will not vote a
