88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3$
ion. He ©sly- states that, by the parliamentary
law, the resolution cannot be offered, after the
previous questaoo has been demanded, until that
question Mas- b'een disposed, of.
Mr. HlCKMAH. _ But. I raise the qpestios fff
order that th& resolution -which I offer' has prece-
dence of all qugattqiig now befbre the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk desires to stated fiflr-
titer, that, after the vote was declared-on t&e mo-
tion to adjOurii, the floor was assigned to the
gentleman fi-om Louisiana.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then, I raise the question
of order, that the gentleman fromLowsiana is not
entitled to (hp floor at this time, as the resolution
to which I refer, was before the Clerk; had been
offered by mo; and, until that resolution is under
consideration, the gentleman from Louisiana has
. no right to the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk knows of no rule b.y
which the gentleman can obtain the floor and hold
it while two. votes are being taken by yeas and
nays.
Mr. HICICMAN. No, sir-, the resolution was
before the House. I insist that that resolution
was before the House, and is now tile legitimate
business of the House. If that question be de-
cided against mo by the Clerk, I will take an ap-
peal; and if he decline to decide it, then I raise
the question of order for the consideration of the
House. i
Mr. STANTON. I insist on my right to the
door. I would not interfere with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, if I thought there was the re-
motest chance or possibility of his succeeding in
getting this question before the House to-day-
Mr. HICKMAN. I want to see if it is not
possible to get it before the House.
Mr.'ST ANTON. 1 know enough of the temper
of the House to lie certain that it is impossible.
Mr. FLORENCE. Not to-day, that is clear.
Mr. HICKMAN. I insist that the question of
order be submitted to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I know what the resolution
is. It will give rise to debate; and in that debate
the floor wifl bo assigned 1.0 other gentlemen, and
I will be deprived of my right to speak.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio yield-
ed the floor, with the understanding that he
would be entitled to it, if he desired it, whenever
the House ceased balloting for Speaker.
Mr. STANTON. I insist on my right to the
floor, with all due deference to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and I do it under the idea that if I
do not claim the floor I will lose it altogether;
because the gentleman's resolution will raise a
new subject of discussion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I believe we can get a vote
on my resolution this evening.
Several Democratic Members. No you can-
not,
Mr. HICKMAN. It is the best that can be
done.
Mr. STANTON. I have no doubt in the world
that it is the best thing the House can do, and if
the House wish to take a vote on the gentleman's
resolution I will forego my speech with great
pleasure. But I know the temper of the House
too well to believe that we can, because the ques-
tion is debatable, and will give rise to discussion,
and I will lose the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. You are very good at get-
ting the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all; I have been try-
ing a long time to get it.
Mr. WINSLOW. With the consent of the
gentleman, I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINSLOW. Rather than have the yeas
and nays taken upon the motion, 1 will withdraw
it.
Mr. STANTON. If the House will give me
their attention for a moment, I will say that it is
my misfortune to differ with many of my politi-
cal friends about remaining here. I am prepared
to go on now, though I would prefer doing so in
the morning. If they think they can accomplish
anything by remaining, however, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think that after the state-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, the House will
not refuse him the courtesy to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
[Cries of "No!" ""Withdraw the motion."]
Mr. FLORENCE. I want, to-morrow, to at-
tend to business up street of a more profitable
kind than wo are doing here.
A Member; Oh! do it on Sunday.
Mr. FLORENCE. Jfo, sir. I cannot go to
the Departments on Sunday; and besides that, I
go to church.
Mr. GROW. I desire to call the attention of
the House to the parliamentary law-on the subject
of adjourning over.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, to save my colleague
the necessity of stating his question of order, I
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the House, instead
of calling the yeas and nays, to order tollers on
the motion to adjourn."
[Loud cries of "No!" " Call the roll."]
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his motion for
an adjournment, for the reason that gentlemen on
the other side of the House want to remain here;
they do not want to adjourn. The gentleman from
Ohio is ready to go on; let him go on.
Me. WINSLOW. The gentleman from Oliio
has stated that he prefers to submit his remarks
in the morning. '
Mr. BUIUSTETT. But his own side of the
House will not give him an adjournment for that
purpose.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wins
low's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas llo, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—ATc^sis. Allium, Allen, Thomas L. Amic^on,
A.'imxiiAveiy, Baiksdale, Ban, IJarrelt, lionham, liofe- t
ler, Bouligny, liflyce, ISiabsOn, Branch, Briggs, ISristow, j
Burch, Horace F. Ckuk,Jo!m !}, Clark, Clcnrens, Clopton, :
Cobb, joim Coehiane, Cooper, Cox, James Ciaig, Burton
Craigc,Clawtbul, Cuny, Davidson, II. Winter Davis, John
G.Davis, Reuben Davis, Dc Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmuiul-
son, English, Etlicildgc, Florence, Fouke, Gamut, Gartrcll,
Gilmer, Hamilton, Hauleman, J. Morrison Harris, John T.
Harris, Ilutton, Hawkins, Hill, tlilidman, IJolumn, Hous-
ton, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt,
Kunkel. Lamar, Lainboe, James M. I.eaeh.Leake, i.o:;urt.
Love, Mae lay. .Vlalloiy, Charles D. Martin, Elbert IS. Mar-
tin, Muynard, Median a nit, MeUurani, Menace Miles. Mill-
son, Montgomery, Laban '1'. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Isaac N. Morris NTe!-oii, Niblack, Nocll, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Plielps, Pryoi,Pugh, Cluailcs,Reagan,ltiggs, James C-
Robinson, Kuliin, linst, sa-ott, Sickles, Claims, Singleton,
William Smith, William N. II. Snutli, Stanton, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart. Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vallaiidigliam,Vance, Webster, Whiieley, VVinslow,
Woodson, and Wright—1 lo-
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Aldrieh, Alley,Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Afdiley, Babbitt, Beaie, Bingltain, Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buflinton, Burlmgame, Bumham, Bui-
loughs, Butterlield, Campbull, Carey, Carter, Case, Clark
11. Cochrane, Colfax, ConkUng, Convin, Covode, Cuius,
Dawes, Delano, Duel], Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Famswortll, Fenton, Feiry, Fostei, Fiench, Gooch,
Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, llelmick,
Hickman, I-Ioaid, Humphrey, Hutehins. Irvine, Junkin,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, KUgore,
Killingei, DeWitt'C. f.cach. Lee, Longneeker, Loonn's,
I.ovejoy, Marston, ^leKean, MeKnight, McPherson, Mill-
ward, Mooilicad, Morrill, Edwaid Joy .Morris, Morse.
Nixon, l'almer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pinter, Potter,
Pottle, .ReynoldItice, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Schwaitz, Seranton, Sedgiviek, Somes, Spauldmg, Spin-
ner, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratum, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,Varidevcr,Van Wyek,
Veiree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bum, F.llihu B. Wasliburne, Isiael Washburn, Wells, Wil-
son, Wiudom, Wood, and Woodiufl'—113.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he was generally
opposed to all motions to adjourn when anything
could be gained by remaining; but as the gentle-
man from Ohio wished not to make his remarks
until to-morrow, he would change his vote, and
vote ill the affirmative.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that he would vote in
the affirmative, for the same reason.
Mr. STANTON said that, as gentlemen were
voting in the affirmative out of courtesy to him,
he would also change his vote. He voted " ay."
The House, therefore, at half past three o'clock,
p. m., adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Decenibcr 10,
The House met at twelve o'clock, m Prayer
by Rev. Wili.iam B. Eyans.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
The CLERK. The question is upon ordering
the main question on the point of order raised by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens;]
and on thai question the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton-] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD took the floor.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Ohio
yield the floor to the gentleman, from Tennessee ?
Mr. STANTON. After what occurred yes-
terday, the gentleman from Tennessee will ex-
cuse me if' I decline to yield the floor. And I
have tlijs. morning, Mr.. Clerk, ta repeat what I
said yesterday, that if it i set-he desire of the House
to go on and vote for Speaker, I will delay a fore-
closure of my mortgage upon the floor for such a
time as the House may choose to vote. It is for
gentlemen upon the other side to say whether
they will vote or not. [Cries from the Demo-
cratic benches of " Go on!" " Go on '■"] If it be
the desire to vote, I will now yield. [Cries from
the Republican benches of " Vote !" " Yote!"}
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Lot me state
to the gentleman from Ohio that there are several
fentlemen on this side who wish to address the
louse.
Mr. STANTON. I will make another sugges-
tion to the House. Since the removal of our desks
it is a little inconvenient for those who are upon
the floor, and want to use papers or-to getaglass
of water; and I propose, therefore, if there be no
objection, to speak what I have to say from the
Clerk's desk. [Ciies of " Agreed !"]
Mr. TAYLOR. Let me make an explanation
in reference to one of my colleagues, [Mr. Lan-
PRt-M.] I announced yesterday that he was con-
fined to his bed by illness, and was paired off
with the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin.]
That pair expired last night with the adjourn-
ment. My colleague is how in a position to be
brought to the House, if it be necessary. The fire
which broke out at Brown's hotel, last night, made
its appearance in his room. He was removed from
the hotel to a distance of several squares, and in
the neighborhood of the Capitol. I have seen him
this morning, and ho is willing to como here, if
necessary. As the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Oi.iN-j was paired off with the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] who is able to be
present without any great personal inconvenience,
I submit to gentlemen oil the other side of the
House that, by consent, my colleague be paired
off with the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Olin.]
Mr. GROW. For to-day?
Mr. TAYLOR. For to-day.
Mr. GROW. I understand that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Olin] is able to be here to-
day. I do not know how the fact is. I suppose
that there will be no objection to the proposition
of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr.rALMElt. My colleague told me, when
I saw him, only half an hour ago, that he would
come here if his presence were necessary; but I
know that he would prefer to be paired off for
to-day. Ho is not confined to hisbed,.and, I will
repeat, is able to be present if his presence is ne-
ccssary.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question o£ priv-
ilege. I want to have the Journal corrected. If I
heard itcorrectly, I find nothing there with respect
tothe resolution which I offeredyesterday. linsist
that that resolution shall be inserted upon the
Journal, together with the statement which I made
at the time I presented it, that the resolution was
in order. I ask that the resolution and the point
of order I made be spread upon the Journal.
Mr. REAGAN, i do not see how aresolution
can be spread upon the Journal which was never
got before the House, except for the purpose of
being read for information. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania can satisfy his constituents and
friends that he has endeavored to introduce his
resolution without putting upon the record that
which has no place there. I think that our record
ought not to be incumbered with matter which
does not belong there.
Mr. HICKMA.N. That is precisely the ques-
tion I wish to have decided. After I presented
my resolution the Clerk intimated his opinion that
it was not in order. I held that it was in order,
and the ground which I took was, that my res-
olution took precedence of all other questions
pending before the House. I understood that the
Clerk "had declined to decide questions of order,
and I then asked that the point of order should
be submitted for the consideration of the- House.
