2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
merit is precluded. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has, as yet,
m<ade no.decision. *
/ Mr. HOUSTON I move to amend-the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Yermont, which is
being read.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair holds that it
is not in order to move an amendment to. that sub-
stitute at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. From that decision I take
an appeal.
Mt\ ASHMORE. I move that the committee
rise. ' ~ .
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the floor. The whole
object of the decision of the Chair is, it would
seem, to put all the power of this House into the
hands of one man.
Mr. STANTON - I want to know what is the
ruling of the Chair. If I understood the Chair in
his decision, I think that he is mistaken; but, from
a' remark of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, it may be, perhaps, that I am
mistaken.
- The CHAIRMAN. , The Chair will state the
matter as it stands. Bill No. 338, the tariff bill,
is the original text. That text has been perfected,
and it has passed from the committee. The gen-
tteiftan from Vermont has offered an amendment
in the nature of a substitute. To that amend-
ment, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
Has moved an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute. The Chair decides that no further amend-
ment is in order. Before the House can proceed
to vote on the amendment to the amendment, it
is proper that the House should be in possession
of the amendment. The committee has already
declared that it will be satisfied with the reading
of the changes made by the substitute to the
original bill, and the amendments made by the
committee on yesterday. The committee is pro-
ceeding under that understanding. When the
reading of the amendment to the amendment is
afterwards completed, the rjuustion will then be,
whether it should be substituted for the amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. The question then, the Chair
decides, is to be taken between them, without any
opportunity for a modification of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir. Ifthccommit-
teepreferthe amendment, they will vote down the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. The rules prescribe for per-
fecting the matter to be stricken before the ques-
tion is taken on striking out. Unless I am more
mistaken than I ever was in my life, it is in order
to amend the matter proposed to be stricken out,
before die vote is taken on the motion to strike
out. I ask that the rule on this subject be read.
The CHAIRMAN. Where is it to be found?
Mr. STANTON. I cannot recail to mind at
this moment, but 1 think it will be found some-
where in the Manual. It is practiced here every
day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will read from
the Manual:
" An amendment may bp moved to an amendment, hut
it is not admitted in anothei dogicc."
To that there is attached an extract from the
Journal, as follows:
" Rut Iti<? the well-settled prrotlrftof the Home that there
niav be peuding at the tne tune with such amendment to
the'amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute
.'or part or the whole of the ongmal text, and an amend-
ment to that amendment."
Mr. STANTON. There is somewhere a rule
or a provision in the Manual that it is m order to
perfect the flatter proposed to be stricken out be-
fore the question is taken on the motion to strike
out.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will refer the
Chair to the paragraph just after the one ho has
read.
The CHAIRMAN. That refers only to the
original text.
Mr. HOUSTON. Read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" It wan decided wmiy years ago that, if the motion to
amend the original matter was first submitted, it %vas not
then in order to submit an amendment in the nature of a
substitute; but it \va  subsequently decided othei wise, and
the practice ever since has been in accordance with the
latter decision. So now, notwithstanding the pendency of
a motion to amend an amendment to the original matter, a
motion to amend in the nature of a substitute, and a motion
to amend that amendment, may be received, but cannot be
voted upon until the original matter is perfected."
The CHAIRMAN. It was precisely in that
manner we acted in committee yesterday. In the
light of that authority, we yesterday proceeded to
perfect the text of the original bill by receiving
amendments, and amendments to amendments.
The original bill having been perfected, we are no w
acting on an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute, and an amendment to that amendment,
also in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. HOUSTON. The original matter before
the committee to-day is the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont.
The CHAIRMAN. If that be so,then the
original bill has been passed from before the com-
mittee, and can never be reported to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers on theappeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. French and
Branch were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 86, noes 39.
Se the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
with the reading of the substitute.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the committee has de-
cided that the amendment is not amendable, I
would like to know what use there is in reading it.
The reading is a mockery and an insult. I move
that the further reading of the amendment be dis-
pensed with. m
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the committee will allow
#me, I will state the difference between the substi-
tute just read, and the one I have offered. In my
substitute, instead of the twenty-seventh section,
there is inserted the following:
" Provided, That in all cases where the duty upon all im-
ports of goods, wares, or merchandise shall be levied upon
the true market value of such imports in the piincipal mar-
kets of the country from whence an importation shall have
been made, or at the port of exportation, the duty shall be
estimated and collected upon the value on the day of actual
shipment, whenever a bill of lading shall be presented show-
ing the date of shipment, and winch shall he certified by a
certificate of the united States consul, commercial agent,
or other legally authorized deputy."
Mr. PHELPS. All this may be lucid to the
gentlemen who have been engaged in preparing
the substitute; but, sir, I think that the rest of us
ought to have it in print. It may be that we will
get at some knowledge of the matter if the gentle-
man from Ohio will state wherein his substitute
differs from the bill which we considered and per-
fected yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is just what I propose
Mv. JOHN COCHRANE. I want to know
what is the position of the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Vermont?
The CHAIRMAN. It is pending, but the
question must first be taken on the amendment to
tne amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What has become
of the several substitutes that were proposed to
be offered for the substitute of the gentleman from
Vermont ?
The CHAIRMAN. They have been with-
drawn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The amendments
made to the original bill attach to that bill.
The CHAIRMAN. They do.
Mr. PHELPS. If one of the substitutes be
adopted, of course the amendments made yester-
day and the day before will not be reported to the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read tho
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it amendable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see that there is any
use in having it read, if we cannot amend and per-
fect it, as has been decided by the Chair, in an
opinion that must distinguish the parliamentary
law of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain the amend-
ment to the amendment in two or three minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want it explained,
unless we can correct the errors that are in the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not desire the whole of
the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio read;
but only the portions wherein it differs from the
bill considered yesterday.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Have we passed
from the substitute of the gentleman from Ver-
mont?
The CHAIRMAN. "We have, for the pres-
ent.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. When do we re-
turn to it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now,
whether the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio shall be substituted for it. .
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I want the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Vermont to corre-
spond with the original bill, as it was perfected by
an amendment of mine taking chiccory from one
section and putting it into another. I hope there
will be no objection to that.
There was no objection, ind the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clerk read the substitute through.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. An amendment
in reference to pottery ware was adopted yester-
day, on my motion, and I must say that, unless
it is embraced, I shall be compelled to vote against
the substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no objection,
so far as I am concerned, to the gentleman hav-
ing a vote on his amendment in the House.
Mr. BRANCH. The committee have decided,
under the ruling of the Chair, that amendments
to the substitutes are not in order, and I object to
any coming in by unanimous consent.
Mr. STANTON. Is the amendment to the
amendment debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is, to a limited extent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will first say a few words
in favor of the amendment, to give my colleague
an opportunity to speak against it. I think, Mr.
Chairman, that we are all tired of this question,
and want it disposed of. My substitute is sub-
stantially the same as that of the gentleman from
Vermont. Oil the representations of commercial
gentlemen who are here from the large cities, I
left out section twenty-seven, which is as follows:
" Sec. 27. J]nd be it further enacted, That do claim for
abatement or diminution of dutyshali be allowed by reason
or on account of any damage or depreciation in value of
any goods, wares, or merchandise, arising after exportation,
but the same shall be valued as at the time of exportation ;
nor shall any such deduction be made for, or by reason of,
any discount or abatement from the value contained m the
invoice."
And in lieu of it to insert a provision that in
all eases where the duty upon all imports of goods,
wares, or merchandise shall be levied upon the
true market value of such imports in the prin-
cipal markets of the country from whence an im-
portation shall have been made, or at the port
of exportation, the dutyshali be estimated and
collected upon the value, on the day of actual ship-
ment, whenever a bill of lading shall be presented,
showing the date of shipment; and which shall
be certified by a certificate of the United States
consul, commercial agent, or other legally au-
thorized deputy. There is no difference between
my substitute and the substitute of the gentleman
from Vermont, except in this immaterial matter.
1 have moved the substitute for the purpose of
getting the matter into the House.
Now, sir, I am willing that my colleague shall
have a chance to have a vote on his amendment
raising the duty on flaxseed to sixteen cents a
bushel. I will vote against it, because I believe
it will endanger the bill.
Mr. STANTON. When my colleague [Mr.
Sherman] remarked that I displayed some un-
kind feeling toward the Committee of Ways and
Means a while ago, he was entirely mistaken.
The gentlemen who compose that committee, I
have the honor to recognize as some of my best
friends here. But I say now, that the course
which that committee has since pursued has not
raised them any in my estimation. Mr. Chair-
man, this House has deliberately and repeatedly-
adopted sundry amendments to this tariff bill. It
is now proposed, by this machinery of moving
substitutes by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to deprive the majority of this body of the oppor-
tunity of incorporating into the bill amendments
which I deem desirable and necessary for the
public welfare. Now, we are required to take
precisely such bills as they choose to submit to
u.s, protecting certain particular interests, and in-
juring others, or else to take no bill at all. Now,
sir, if I were required, under ordinary circum-
stances, and in a proper manner, to vote for or
against this bill as it now stands, I might proba-
