1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
I take the ground that my resolution and the point
of order should be spread upon the Journal.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the
House the reason why; no mention is made in the
Journal of the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The gentleman proposed to offer
hi3 resolution, and possibly it-Was read for in-
formation. '
Mr. HICKMAN. I did not propose to offer
the resolution that it might be read far informa-
tion. I did not ask to offer* it; but, sir, I declared
that I offered the resolution as a matter of right,
and that, if the Clerk intimated' a different opinion
from that, and declined to decide the question,
then I raised the question of order and asked that
it should be submitted to the determination of the
House.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania claimed the right to offer the resolution,
and the resolution was then read for information.
Objection was made to the resolution, and motions
were made to adjourn, and to adjourn until Mon-
day. The journal clerk understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania at that particular time as hav-
ing abandoned his resolution. After the vote was
taken ,pn the motions to adjourn, and to adjourn
until Monday, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
again rose and claimed the right to offer Lis res-
olution. The question was then raised (hat he
was not entitled to the floor to offer his resolu-
tion, inasmuch as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stahton] had only yielded for the purpose of al-
lowing a vote for Speaker to be taken, with the
understanding that he should be entitled to the
floor after that vote, if he claimed it. Under the
impression that that right was understood on all
sides, the Clerk recognized the gentleman from
Ohio. In the mean time, it is true, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania claimcd that ho had' the right
to have his question submitted to the House, hut
after the gentleman from Ohio, under the under-
standingupon which hchadyielded,again claimed
the floor, it was the impression of the journal
clerk that the gentleman from Pennsylvania aban-
doned his point, and the Journal was made up
accordingly.
Mr. HICKMAN. The Clerk will allow me
to refer to what I supposed to have been the con-
dition of things when that resolution was offered.
The House had determined to go into a ballot for
Speaker, which, of course, was a single ballot. It
has been so understood heretofore. As soon as
thatballot was completed and the result announced
to the House, I obtained the floor to offer that
resolution. It was no proposition of mine to have
it read for the information of the House; but gen-
tlemen around me suggested that it should be so
read. I stated at that time, immediately prece-
ding the proceedings to which the Clerk has re-
ferred, most explicitly that I did not ask the
permission of the House to introduce that reso-
lution, but I demanded as a right to introduce it
as a question which took precedence of all other
questions before the House; that if the Clerk
decided it out of order that was one thing. But
- as I understood the Clerk had refused to make
any decision upon questions of order, I asked to
have it put to the House whether 01 no it was in
order. That was preceding the motions to adjourn.
After the motions to adjourn over, and the mo-
tion to adjourn had been decided, I again called
the attention of the House to it, and that is the
way, according to my very distinct recollection,
the matter stood. I had the floor at the time I
offered the resolution, supposing, and still sup-
posing, I had the right to offer it. 1 did not ask
to have it read for the information of the House.
I stated very distinctly that I desired to have the
question put to the House. If the Clerk under-
stood it differently, it was a misapprehension upon
his part, I think.
I now state again that I claim the right to have
that resolution submitted to the House for its
action, and I ask the Clerk either to decide that
resolution out of order, from which decision I may
take an appeal, 01* declinc to decide it, and submit
it to the House for their decision. And having
actually offered it, I ask that it be inserted upon
the Journal, so that, at the pioper time, I may
have action upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. i desire to make a statement.
I think I understand precisely what passed yes-
terday, so far as the right of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is concerned, and I think the House
will concur with me. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] obtained the floor with a view to
deliver an address to the House. Pending his
right to the floor, gentlemen appealed to him to
yield for certain things. He yielded to one and
another, but it was ultrmatcly agreed by the House,
with the assent of the gentleman from Ohio, that
he should yield for a ballot; and my impression
is, that the gentleman from Ohio expressly stated
that he would yield for one or more ballots, and
would yield as long as the House was disposed
to vote for Speaker; but that, whenever the House
ceased to vote for Speaker, he was to have the
floor. That was expressly understood upon the
part of the House, 1 presume. It was my under-
standing, and I presume it was that of the gen-
tleman l'rom Ohio. And, therefore, just as soon,
as the House ceased to vote for Speaker, the right
of the gentleman from Ohio to the floor was not
to be recognized by the Clerk; it was an exist-
ing right, and it was tlie gentleman's right to as-
sert it. As soon as the balloting ceased, the floor
was his; ai)d while he was entitled to the floor,
no member—and I speak what I know the rules
and parliamentary law will establish—no member
had the right to interfere with him, or with his-
rights, for the purpose, of presenting a resolution
or motion, unless with his consent. Iherefore,
the proposition of the gentleman to offer a reso-
lution was entirely out of order—the gentleman
from Ohio not consenting to it. But if he had con-
sented to it, it would have been the right of any
other member to object to his yielding the floor
for that purpose, or any other. Therefore, the
resolution of the gentleman was never offered to
the House. He very honestly supposed'it was
offered. lie proposed to offer the resolution; ob-
jection was made, and it was read to the House.
Gut, during that time, the gentleman from Ohio
was entitled to the floor; and I defy any member
of this body to show an instance in any Journal
of Congress—and I do not know but I might say
in any journal of any legislative body in the world
—where any proposition proposed to be intro-
duced in that way, when it was not in order, when
the gentleman had not the floor, when he had no
right to offer a resolution or address the Clerk at all
—-I mean parliamentary'right—where that prop-
osition has found a place upon the journals of the
body.
The journal clerk has. done right. The reso-
lution has never yet been presented to this House
so as to authorize the journal clerk to put it upon
the Journal. The Journal does not know the
gentleman's motion, nor can it know it, becausc
liis resolution never found its way into this House
according to parliamentary law and usage. It was
in conflict with the laws governing legislative
bodies, and, in consequence, the Clerk of the
House could not recognize it,-nor could the jour-
nal clerk.
No more can-the Clerk of the House recognize
it, with a view of putting it to the House as a
point of order to be decided by the House, than
can the journal clerk put it upon the Journal.
It is not known to this House, parliamentaiily
speaking, nor can it be until the gentleman is en-
titled to the floor to offer it; and whenever ho
does get the floor to offer it, there is an incum-
brance in advance of his resolution, which will
forever keep it out until that incumbrance is re-
moved. There is now a resolution pending, and
a substitute to that resolution, and, in addition
to that, a question of order upon which the pre-
vious question has been called, and until they
arc removed from before the House the gentle-
man's resolution never can be known to tins
House in any parliamentary sense whatever.
Mr. HICXiMAN. I am aware of the, fact, that
the Journal, at this time, is entirely unacquainted
with my resolution; but I want to introduce it to
the Journal and make thorn acquainted. Thaus
exactly what I am at. 13y rciorrinc; to the Dany
Globe of this morning ill" real condition 01 things
will appear, and the report there puts me light.
Immediately after the ballot for Speaker, tne fol-
lowing proceedings took place:
" Mr. Hickman. Is a resolution in order at thi* time ?
'• The Cjuerk. The order of the House wa& to proceed
to a ballot. _ .
Mr. Hickman*. But only for one ballot. I oner tlie
following resolution. .
t; 'Die Ci.eiuc. The gentleman from Pennsylvania asss
leave to offer the following resolution.
" Mr. Hickman. I do not ask leave ; X claim tne rignt
to offer it. The order of the House vma to prcJcesd to &
ballot, and that, according to my understanding-Gf U,mfcatS
a single ballot, as heretofore. The order was precisely
same as those made upon previous days.
" The Ci-nitK. The Clerk will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that there another question pendfog,
on which tlie previous question is called.
" Mr. Rums. Then I objeet to the introdnetSon of
resolution. , , . :ii.. ^
" The Clerk. If objection be madg, it will be for tn$
House to determine.
" Mr. Grow. yes; and- the House must hear tbe r$s$-
lution, in order to know wimher it is prope/ oratit*
" Mr. Hickman, Of course, there is no objection te th*
resolution being read j but I was not aware that thfi pre-
vious question was pending.
After' the vote upon the motioft to rtdfjourn "Was
taken, you find the following:
"Mr. Davidson obtained the floor.
"Mr. Hickman. I now insist that the resolution wfiicn <
I offered takes precedence'^ oeker question^ and I raafee
that point of oratr^and insist on tlie point of o«ler being
put to the House."
Mr. GROW. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Alabama to this state of facts: He
will see that the gentleman from Ohio yielded the
floor for tlie House to- proeeed to a ballot for
Speaker > or to do anything in regard to it,, until
the discussion should bis renewed; andi whenever
the Honse proposed to go to discussion he would
be entitled t« the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Read-the report.
Mr. GROW. I read from the Globe Of this
morning the olosiag paragraph-of Mr. S^ANTOM's
remark:
" And now, although I desire to avail myself at ttlis ot
some other early opportunity to reply to those remafKs, t
dcsiio to say nyw to the House, that if they aQsirc to pro-
ceed to tlie election of a Speaker, I will forego making the
remar&s I intended fo mate upon this occasion, arid allow
the House to vote as Jong as it chooses, witfi tlie distinct
undemanding that, when the House will vote no longer
and desire to lencw the discussion, I shall he entitled to the
floor,"
Mr. HOUSTON. That is exactly what I satd.
That its true.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman wart forme?
I waited patiently for him.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, sir. X am glad
the gentleman has patience. [Laughter.]
Mr. GROW. The remark of the gentleman
from Ohio was, that whenever, the House desired
to renew the discussion, he should claim the floor.
When the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
B'lCKMAir] asks to offer his resolution, the gentle-
man ftom Ohio makes no claim to the floor, which
was a tacit consent and a yielding of the floor.
He made no claim to the floor during the whole
discussion, until the gentleman from'South Caro-
lina proposed to discuss it; and then the gentle-
man from Ohio said that if there was to be a dis-
cussion he. wanted the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania this: In what condition
was the floor as soon as the balloting fbr Speaker
ceased ? .
M-r. GROW. The gentleman from Ohio could
then have claimed the floor, if he chose.
Ma-. HOUSTON. Was he not on the floor
according to agreement?
Mr. GROW. But he did not claim it. Sup-
pose he had abandoned the floor, who would have
been entitled to it?
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ohio
had notified the House that he had abandoned the
floor, it would have been a different thing. Then
other gentlemen would have struggled for it. But
the gentleman from Ohio was on the floor, in pomt
of law, as soon as the balloting for Speaker
ceased.
Mr. GROW. Whenever he claimed (he floor,
and there was a question whether he or some 011c
else was entitled to it, of course lie was.
Mr. HOUSTON. There waN 110 such prop-
osition On tlie cessation of the ballot, the gen-
1 tlrmali from Ohio was, at that very instant, in
! point of law, oil the floor, and no oth< r gentleman
could take it, under parliamentary rules and
usage. .
Mr. STANTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to say how
1 understand this business. O11 the cessation of
the first ballot I did not resume the floor,-becaiise
1 did not know but the House might proceed to
a second ballot, which was what 1 contemplated
on surrendering the floor—that the House might
go on and ballot as long as they pleased. Now 1
sympathize with the purpose of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, ashemust be perfectly aware.
