1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
Mr. HALE. I am not going to detain the Sen-
ate, but to say wc are here to-day a republican
Government, because men were found in olden
times who setup their consciences against the law
of the country that governed them.
Mr. DURKEE. I have paired off with the Sen
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 44, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bjgler,
Bragg, Bright, Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Clay, Clingman,
Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fitch,
fitzpatrick, Foot, Fostei, Green, Grimes, Gwm, Ham-
mond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iver?on, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Vearce, Rice, Sebastian, JSIidell, Ten
Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wigfali, and Yulee—44.
iVAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Dixon, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Simmons, Sumner, Toombs, Wade, and Wilson—10.
So the resolutions were agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Hyatt will
remain for the present in the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, until the proper certificate can be
made out.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. It is necessary that we should
have a short executive session; and I move that
we proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr, BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up,
previous to adjournment, the bill in relation to
the Court of Claims. The bill was very, fully
discussed and amended last Monday. It was
made the special order for to-day, at two o'clock,
but has been superseded by this other question
in relation to a witness. I hope the Senate will
now agree to take it up, in order to leave it as the
unfinished business, so that it may come up to-
morrow. ♦
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That motion
will meet with opposition, and there is not a quo-
rum present. Lot it come up and take its chances
te-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Delaware to take up the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. MASON. I would ask, for information,
what was the unfinished business that was super-
seded by the action of to-day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not advised on that point.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As there seems to be some
doubt as to what the state of the question is 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed by the Clerk, that the bill indicated by
the Senator from Delaware was set down as the
special order for to-day, at half past one o'clock;
but that that has been superseded for the day by
the action upon the resolutions of the Senator
from Virginia, from the special committee; and
that no other business was left pending as unfin-
ished, except the bill indicated by the Senator
fiom Delaware.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. Has tho bill been taken up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will not
Adjourn without taking it up.
The motion of Mr. Clingman was agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
* Monday, March 12, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Gurley, Chaplain of the
Senate.
The Journal of Friday last'was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the act-
ing Treasurer of the United States, transmitting a
copy of the Treasurer's accounts of the receipts
and disbursements m the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal years ending 30th June,
j 1858, and 30th June, 1859; which was laid upon
! the table, and ordered to be printed.
TIIE MENOMONEE INDIANS.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas, in a memorial of the Legislature of the Stateof
Wisconsin, lately submitted to tins House, it i& stated that
" the most' shameful frauds have been practiced upon the
Menomonee tube of Indians, by designing men, in conse-
quence of which they are reduced to a state of utter desti-
tution:" «uid whereas the State Legislature has asked Con-
gress to investigate the affairs of said Indian tribe: and
wheieas, also, by a memorial from said Indians, signed by
all the chiefs and most of the head men and warriors of
said tube, lately submitted to this House, it is further stated
" that the Government officials sent to live among them are
faithless and dishonest, and combined together to impose
upon and defiaudthem; that they are immoral men, and
set examples to the Indians of the most dangerous charac-
ter; that they take ftom them their grain and provisions,
and consume them themselves or sell them tostraBgers; and
that for the want of food, of which they are wrongfully thus
deprived, seventy-eight aged and infirm persons, members
of said tribe, are now in a state of actual starvation, and
that pome six hundred are nearly destitute of clothing, and
reduced to an allowance of four quarts of null-shorts twice
a month; that their agent fraudulently applies their money
in the purchase of supplies, buying of favorites at private
sale, and charging them enormous prices; that at the an-
nual payment of their annuities, tbe3* are suffered to be sur-
rounded and overpowered by desperadoes, and theirmoney
taken from them by force; that the peisons employed to
superintend their work are inexperienced and dishonest;
that the Government interpreter is a dissolute person, in the
interest of their enemies, who falsely interprets to them, by
means of which they, have been induced to sign papers
wholly different from what was represented to them, and
under which they have been plundered of large sums of
money; that they have heretofore sought to make their
wrong* known to the Indian department at Washington,
but their complaints have been disregarded, and they have
be?n refused a hearing : Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee of five persons be appointed
by the Speaker to investigate into the causes of complaint
named in said memorial, and that they particularly inquire
by what authority the sum of $40,000 was paid to R. W.
Thompson, of Indiana, in the year 1857, out of moneys be-
longing to said Menomonee Indians, and whether it was m
accordance with any valid contract with said Indians; and
that said committee be authorized to ?end for persons and
papers, and that they report at any time.
Mr. BRANCH. Is that resolution received?
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked if there
was any objection.
Mr. BRANCH. I will make no objection to
the resolution, if the gentleman will strike out that
clause which authorizes the committee to send for
persons and papers. I think that then, to say the
least of it, it can do no great harm. But 1 am
very averse to seeing special committees raised
here with power to send for persons and papers
to so distant a point without our knowing some-
thing of the necessity of the investigation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot
strike that out. It is the very objcct of the reso-
lution.
Mr. FLORENCE. Another objection to the
resolution is, that it gives the committee power
to report at any time. I think we have now three
or four committees authorized to report at any
time, and they will take up the whole time of the
House, and obstruct the regular business by mak-
ing their reports.
Mr. BRANCH. I am told that the Secretary
of the Interior has already appointed an agent to
investigate these matters. The sole ground on
which I make my objection to the resolution is
the enormous expense which must be entailed
under that clause of it authorizing the committee
to sendforpersonsandpapers. We all knowhow
expensive such committees are. I know nothing
about the facts in this rase. If there has been any
fraud, I should like to see it investigated.
Mr. FLORENCE. I presume there will be no
objection to the gentleman's making a statement
of the facts in this case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I demand
the previous question on the adoption of the reso-
lution.
Mr. BRANCH. I thought tho gentleman was
going to make some explanation of the resolution.
I must object to its reecption.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The reso-
lution has already been received. I will state,
however, to the House, that a deputation of the
Menomonee Indians are now m this city. They
have come here demanding an investigation into
frauds which they allege have been perpetrated
upon them. They come accredited by the highest
authorities m the State. They allege that this is
not the first instance in which they have visited
Washington, and endeavored to bring their com-
plaints before the Indian department, and they
declare.-that they have not been able to get what
they regard as a fair hearing. Twelve months ago
they came here, but the Indian department re-
fused to hear or even to see them. Their wrongs
and sufferings becoming unbearable, they have
again come on, though in opposition to the remon-
strance of the Indian department* When they
came here, my colleagues in the Senate, and one
of my colleagues in this House, [Mr. Potter,]
called on the Secretary of the Interior, and stated
to him that said Indians were here, that the State
had asked Congress to make an investigation, arid
that the Indians had also memorialized to the
same effect. Desirous of avoiding a congressional
investigation, we requested the Secretary to order
an investigation. He readily acquiesced in our
request, and frankly stated that he would order
an investigation at once. We solicited the priv-
ilege of naming one person to be associated in the
commission to make the investigation. A request
so reasonable was immediately acquiesced in.
We accordingly gave him the name of a gentle-
man of high character, not a partisan or a poli-
tician, but eminently qualified to discharge the
duties of such an investigation. We recommended
Cyrus Woodman, Esq., of Mineral Point, Wis-
consin. Our colleague in this House [Mr. Lab.-
rabee] remonstrated against his being associated
in said commission, because he had once been a
business partner of mine. The fact is true, though
it is more than five years since we have had any
business connections whatever, and we arc not
now residents of the same part of the State, but
are living nearly or quite one hundred and fifty
miles apart. Our colleague recommended Hon*
C. D. Robinson, of Green Bay, a highly respecta-
ble gentleman, but a prominent and leading poli-
tician, and the editor of a Democratic newspaper.
On consulting with the Indians they signified
their dissent from his appointment, and we there-
upon recommended to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior Hon. Timothy Q. Howe, of Green Bay, a
gentleman of high standing, both for ability and
integrity, a gentleman who has heretofore held
high judicial positions in the State; Hon. C M.
Baker, of Walworth county, also a gentleman
of high character for ability and integrity, and
Hon. J. Allen Barbour, of Grant county, also a
gentleman enjoying a large share of public confi-
dence. We informed the Secretary that the ap-
pointment of either of said gentlemen would be
acceptable to the Indians, and that the last two
named were probably entire strangers to all the
parties to be affected by the investigation. He
declined to appoint any gentleman named by us,
and .declared that unless we would accept of the
appointment of Mr. Robinson, he would cause
tho investigation to he had exclusively under the
direction of a person -to be sent out from the
Indian department. Regarding' this as a with-
drawal by the Secretary of his offer to allow us
to name a commissioner, we notified him that we
would withdraw our applicatiorkforan investiga-
tion; and in doing so, it was with the intention
of asking for the appointment of this committee,
and thus carrying out the instructions of our State
Legislature. Wewera also satisfied that any such
investigation as that proposed would be an exports
affair. However fairly it might be conducted, it
would fail to satisfy the Indians.
One reason assigned by the Secretary for refus-
ing to appoint any of the persons named by us
was,that they were all Republicans. That is true
of all the gentlemen, except the one first named;
but we submit that one Republican could safely
be trusted to assist in taking testimony in a case
of this kind, inasmuch as the person or persons
appointed by the Secretary would undoubtedly
be Democrats, and the whole testimony taken
would have to pass in review before the honor-
able Secretary himself.
It is a matter of very great importance to those
Indians. This tribe, a few years ago, was one of
the most powerful of our Indian tribes. It has
always been on the most friendly terms with our
people. During the Black Hawk war they as-
sisted our people, becoming soldiers and aiding
us in the capture of the savage Black Hawk. A
few years ago they were the owners of almost the
entire State of Wisconsin. They have been de-
prived of their lands, little by little; they have been
traded and cheated out of their vast possessions.
