1860,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bly support it; But when the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union is trifled with;
when its wishes are utterly disregarded; when
the interests of a large and important section of
this Confederacy are utterly disregarded by the
Committee of Ways and Means; and when the
will of the House is set at naught, and trampled
under foot, I feel myself bound to use every in-
strumentality in my power to prevent the adop-
tion of that substitute.
Now, for the purpose of having a fair test on
that substitute, and of ascertaining whether the
House intend to adopt it or not, for the purpose
of having a full vote on it, I move that the com-
mittee do now rise, with the object of moving a
call of the House. Let us have afull House, and
then see whether the House intends to sanction
this sort of maneuvering or not.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers on
the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Sedgwick were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 70.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question being on Mr.Sherman's amend-
ment to Mr. Morrill's amendment,
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Sherman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 91, noes 37.
So Mr. Sherman's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Morrill's
amendment as amended.
The Chair ordered tellers; and Messrs. Stan-
ton and Florence were appointed-
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire if my
«> amendment, proposing the tariff of 1846 as a sub-
stitute for this bill, is not now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I should like to know
why it is not.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is dividing;
that is one reason. The other reason is that it is
not in order to move to strikeout what the com-
mittee has already decided.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-nine; noes not countcd.
So Mr. Morrill's amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to strike out the
first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in
order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. "Well, I move to strike
out all after the first section.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. The
committee has already agreed to the amendment
as amended.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by adding,
as an additional section to the bill, the twelfth sec-
tion, as amended on my motion yesterday.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 12. Jind be It, further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following duties, that is to say: First. On all
wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca coat, and
other like animals, unmanufactured, the value whereof at
the last port or place from whence exported to the United
States shall exceed sixteen cenls per pound, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, a duty ofeiglit cents per pound:
Provided, That all imported wool which shall contain a
larger admixture of dirt, burrs, yolk, grease, or other sub-
stance, other than fine wool, as cleansed and ready lor card-
ing, than good merchantable wool of a similar quality and
fineness, the growth and producc of the United States, shall
be reduced in weight to the extent of such excess, and du-
ties shall be levied on such imported wool according to its
value per pound when so reduced in weight: Provided, also,
That when wool of different qualities, of the same kind or
sort, is imported in the same bale, hag, or package, and the
aggregate value of the contents of the bale, bag, or package,
shall be appraised by the appraisers ata rate oxecodingsix-
teen cents per pound, it shall be charged with a duty of eight
cents per pound: Provuled further, That if bales of dif-
ferent soiti are embraced in the same invoicc, at the same
price, whereby the average price shall be lessened moie
than ten per centum, the value of the whole shall be ap-
praised according  o the value of the bale of the best qual-
ity, and no bale or bales shall be liable to a less rate of duty
in consequence ofbeing invoiced with wool of lower value:
Provided, also, That sheep skins, raw or unmanufactured,
imported with the wool on, washed ofunwashed, shall be
subject to a duty of fifteen per centum ad valorem.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to say a word in re-
gard to this amendment. It is said on the other
side that the agricultural interests are better pro-
tected in this bill than in any other tariff bill that
we have had. I do not know, myself, in what
particular they are better protected, unless it is
that for the first time it is proposed to place a
duty of ten per cent, on pumpkins. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, it is idle for any gentleman to
attempt to conceal the fart, that wherever therehas
been a collision in this bill between the advocates
of protection to agriculture aird the advocates of
protectiori to manufactures, agriculture has been
compelled to yield. No man can fail to see the
other fact, that there is a natural relation between
them, and unless both parties are willing to go
together, hand in hand, the system of protection
cannot stand.
Now, the manufacturing interest comes here
and demands of us that we shall furnish them
with cheap raw material as incidental protection.
That is the effect of it. They say, " we will not
have a duty on wool, because it would make the
imported commodity—the raw material—cost
more, and would raise the price to the producers.
The same argumentprecisely is applicable to your
corn, and your wheat, and your labor. We want
to expose you to every description of competition,
bccause the manufacturers will be benefited by
procuring all these thing cheaper than they get
them now." In this conflict and collision be-
tween these great leading interests Of the country
if the manufacturing interest is determined to stand
alone, and deprive the agricultural interestof the
only remuneration it has heretofore received—an
increased pricc for agricultural commodities—do
gentlemen think that the agricultural interest will
standby the manufacturing interest? Why do
wo give you protection that will prevent the im-
portation of cheap woolen goods? It is because we
hope thereby to build up a large consuming class
for our agricultural produce. But you say you
must have all agricultural commodities reduced to
the lowest price, because you will be thereby en-
abled to manufacture cheaper fabrics. That is
the philosophy of this bill. It is the philosophy
of tne manufacturers. They do not do it in an
open, bold, and manly way, but by a sneaking
provision about admitting wool under twenty
cents a pound; and they reject a proposition to
give us a fair valuation on it. That is the pro-
vision I submit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, my col-
league [Mr. Stanton] is determined to abuse this
bill. In that abuse I will not follow him. But
when he says that the manufacturers are urging
and pressing this bill, he says what he must cer-
tainly know is not correct. The manufacturing
interest of the country is not protected in this bill
better than it is in the existing.law, while the ag-
ricultural interest is. The manufacturers have
asked, over and over again, that they should be
let alone. The tariff of 1851 is the manufacturers'
bill; but the present bill is more beneficial to the'
agricultural interest than the tariff of 1857. Under
that, all wool costing less than twenty cents a
pound was admitted free of duty. Underthis bill,
wool costing less than eighteen cents a pound is
admitted free of duty, and imposes a duty of
three cents a pound on all wool costing between
eighteen and twenty-four cents, and a duty of
nine cents a pound on all wool costing twenty-five
cents a pound and upwards—thereby raising the
duty on wool. So with other agricultural prod-
ucts. On all of them the duty is raised above the
present rates. I had expected the objection to this
bill to come from the other side; but I certainly
did not expect to hear my colleague denounce
this as a manufacturers' bill, when every sort of
agricultural product is better protected by it than
by the existing tariff.
My colleague talks about some standard by
which all wool is to be inspected. I say that
such a thing is impossible. There is no fixed
standard of inspection in regard to wool. Every-
body engaged m the business understands that.
In Ohio there is one standard of wool; in Maine
another; in Vermont another; and the gentleman's
proposition, if adopted in the bill, would be sim-
ply idle and void.
I am perfectly willing, Mr. Chairman, that all
this coarse quality of wool shall be brought here
duty free. I desire some protection for the wool
growers of this country; but they have it in this
bill. We raise no wool in Ohio that is not valued
at over twenty cents; none that does not bring to
the producer twenty-four cents; and on such wool
as that we levy, by this bill, a; specific duty of
nine cents per pound. That-is abetter protection
than has been given to the wool-growing interest
since the foundation of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell,]
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and it was rejected. >
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
On flaxseed, otherwise called linseed, there shall be
levied, in addition to the duty hereinbefore mentioned, a
further duty of fourteen per cent, ad valorem.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I offer the following, by
way'Of an additional Section:
jjnd be it further enacted, That the rates of duties here -
inbefore prescribed shall cease from and after the 2d day of
October next, and the duties prescribed by the act approves
30tli July,184$, entitled "An act to reduce the duties On im-
ports, and for other purposes," shall be levied and collected
on all merchandise imported from foreign, countries, under
the rules and regulations prescribed by said act. -
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no 'disposition.to
prevent a vote on that proposition in the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. f desire to have a yoto
as between this bill and'the tariff of 1846.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi will withdraw his' amendment now,
with the understanding that he shall have a tow
upon it in the House by yeas and nays,
Mr. BARKSDALE. How can I get it in in
the' House ?
Mr. SHERMAN You can offer it before the
previous question is callcd.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Very well. I will agree
to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will understand that his amendment has
not been voted upon or adopted by the commit-
tee. , .
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand that it has
not been adopted by the committee; but gentle-
men on the other side agree that a vote shall be
taken on it in the House.
Mr. CURRY. I understand that that will re-
quire unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. Oh no. The gentlemen who has
control of the floor can allow the amendment to
be offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman who will have the floor in the
House is bound in honor to admit the amend-
ment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Iofferthefollowing:amend-
mentas additional sections to the bill:
Sec. Ind be it further enacted, That in all cases in
which the invoicc and entry shall not contain the weight
or quantity or mBasure of goods, wares, or merchandise
now weighed or measured or gauged, the same shall bo
weighed, measured, or gauged at the expense of the owner,
agent, or consignee.
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares,
and merchandise imported after the passage of this act, ana
which may be in the public stores on the 1st day of Octo-
ber next, shall be subject, when afterwards entered for con-
sumption, to no other rateofdutythan ifthesame had been
respectively imported at the date of entry.
There is no provision in the bill similar to that
contained in the first of those sections, and the
manifest propriety of it must strike every gentle-
man here. _ _ ,
There is a similar provision in the djII to the
one contained in the second of those sections; but
it is very strongly qualified, while this is simpler,
fairer, more just, and much more easily under-
stood; and that is the reason why I present it. I
think my bill is very much better than any of
the bills which have been presented; but having
- failed to get it in, I desire that some of the good
parts of it, at least, may be added to this bill, and
that may, perhaps, remove some of the objections
that exist to it. I offer the sections as separate
amendments.
The amendments were severally rejected.
Mr. CUI&.Y. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
geo. J]nd be it further enacted, That any change of
duty made in this aet upon ra'ilroad iion shall not take effcct
upon such iron imported subsequently to the passage of this
act, and which has been purchased under any contract
entered into prior to the 10th of May, 1860.
I feave changed the amendment from what it
was when I offered it yesterday, so .as to provide
for contracts in existence at the present date; so
that railroad companies cannot, in anticipation
of the passage of this act, make contracts to get
