1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
until at the present they occupy oniy a limited
reservation of a few thousand acres, and are re-
duced to the greatest extremity. ^
In 1854'a treaty was made under which they
received more than $240,000. Of that money
some forty thousand dollars was paid to Richard
W. Thompson, of Indiana, and that is one of
the matters these Indians want inquired into.
They allege that-the money was paid without any
authority on their part, anS they want to know by
whose authority it was paid. This is one of the
matters which this resolution contemplates shall
be inquired into, and which, as I understand, the
Secretary of the Interior $loes not propose to in-
vestigate atall. The payment of this money was
arrested by the former Commissioner of Indian
Affairs,Commissioner Manypenny, until this Ad-
ministration came into power. But after the
State of Indiana had been carried by the Demo-
cratic party, in 1856, and immediately after this
Administration came into power, $40,000 of the
money of the Menomonee Indians was taken and
paid to Mr. Thompson. This is all the explana-
tion 1 have to make, and I now call the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LARRABEE. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his demand for the previous question for«a
moment.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
Has that resolution been received?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late now to make objection. The resolution was
read and debate has ensued without interruption.
The Chair thinks the proposition has been re-
ceived by the consent of the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I rose to make interruption
^instantly, but I never like to interrupt a gentle-
vman in his remarks, if I cftn avoid it. If my objec-
tion is not in time, therefore, it is for that reason.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rose and objected to the
reception of the resolution, distinctly, and in time.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Colonel Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he asked the concurrence
of the House:
An act (No. 258) to grant to the parish of Point
CoupSe, Louisiana, certain tracts of land in said
parish;
An act (No. 260) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. O'Brien,
late of the United States Army; and
An act (No. 73) for the relief of Mrs. Anne M.
Smith, widow of the late Brevet Major General
Persifer P. Smith; Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb,
widowof Major General Alexander Macomb; and
Mrs. Arabella Riley, widow of Brevet Major Gen-
eral Bennet Riley.
Also, that the Senate have ordered to be printed
the following1 document:
Message of tlie President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information concerning alleged hos-
tilities existing on the Rio Grande between citi-
zens of Texas and the authorities of Mexico.
MENOMONEE INDIANS—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin. I w,i\\ with-
draw my demand for the previous question, to
allow my colleague to be heard, still retaining
the floor.
Mr. LARRABEE. I would like to request my
colleague to permit an amendment to be offered
to his resolution, or to agree that-the matter may
lie over for a day, in order to obtain from the
Secretary of the Interior the correspondence which
has taken place upon this subjcct. I certainly do
not understand the facts to be as my colicaguc
states them. I do not understand that there is
any complaint which should authorize this House
to institute an investigationby a committee of five
persons, with power to send for persons and pa-
pers to the State of Wisconsin, ai the great ex-
pense which will necessarily he involved.
But, sir, I will state to the House what I un-
derstand to be the facts, so far as I have been in-
formed upon the subject, for I presume it is not
the wish of my colleague, or of members upon
either side, to incur the expense that will result"
from raising a committee of this character, unless
there are good giounds for such action upon the
part of this House.
I was informed, when recently in Wisconsin,
that a person by the name of Kershaw, who
claimed to have some connection with this Indian
tribe, had come to Washington, in direct contra-
vention of the orders of the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs, with a deputation of these Menomo-
nee Indians; that this person had procured the
passage, through the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin, of a memorial to Congress making
charges against this Government or its agents.
That memorial was passed through both Houses
in one day, without the facts upon which it was
based having been discussed by any one.
Now, Mr. Speaker, \ only desire that the House
shall act upon this subject understanding^. I am
entirely willing that this investigation shall be in-
stituted by the House, if the facts are such as to
warrant It.
When I returned from Wisconsin, I found the
Senators from my State, with my colleagues in
this Blouse, had been to the Interior Department
with this memorial, and that a correspondence
had taken place between the Secretary of the In-
terior and themselves upon this subject.
It appeared that a name was suggested by my
colleagues to the Secretary of the Interior, as a
commissioner to make this investigation. I was
asked by the Secretary whether I thought he was a
proper person. I"replied, that all I knew about him
was, that he was the late law, banking, and busi-
ness partner of my colleague, [Mr. Washburn;]
and as this memorial had passed the Republican
Legislature of Wisconsin by a party vote, and
without debate; and as this man, Kershaw, had
come here with these Indians without permission;
andas my colleagues had made these charges before
the Secretary of the Interior without consultation
with myself, and had suggested the late law and
business partner of my colleague as commissioner,
before whom the investigation was to be instituted,
I thought he had better select some one who had
no connection with the matter, or with my col-
league, and. was entirely unprejudiced upon the
subject. The Secretary yielded to my objection;
and he suggested the name of a distinguished gen-
tleman from our own State, and submitted it to
the judgment of my colleagues. They objected
to him because he ivas a Democrat* and they sug-
gested the substitution ofa Republican. The Sec-
retary said to them," If you are going to bring up
this question of Democrat and Republican, it is
another matter. I only desire to ascertain the
truth by this investigation, and I supposed that
was your wish. You object to Colonel Robinson
because lie is a Democrat. I.cannot enter into
such n question. I must, under the circumstan-
ces, select the best man I have in my Department,
and send him out to investigate these charges."
I have been informed, sir, by the Secretary of the
Interior, that he has selected Mr. Pritchette,acom-
petentgentleman, a man of integrity, and one who
is familiar with all the duties of the Indian bureau.
That gentleman has proceeded, or is aboutpro-
cceding, to Wisconsin, for the purpose of inves-
tigating these identical charges. .
Now, Air. Speaker, I submit to the rlouse
whether there is good ground, whether there is
ground enough before us upon which to raise a
| special committee, involving, as it necessarily will,
{ great expense in the necessity of sending out to
Wisconsin for persons and papers, in order to in-
vestigate the truth or falsity of the charges made
by my colleagues? I see no reason why my col-
league should have withdrawn his charges before
the Secretary of the Interior, unless he and his
friends were disappointed in not procuring the ap-
pointment of the person suggested by them. They
could have no just objection to Mr. Robinson, for
he is a gentleman of distinction in my State, a
leading man of high integrity and fine ability. The
Republicans, even, speak wellofhim. Indeed, sir,
no man could whisper a word against his capacity
or his integrity. Yet my colleagues objected to him
distinctly because he was a Democrat, and for no
other reason. Why, sir,there should be no ques-
tion of politics in such a case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will permit me, I will ask him a question.
Mr. LARRABEE. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does not the
gentleman know that Mr. Pritchette is a Demo-
crat r
Mr. LARRABEE. I do not know whether he
is or is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is he not in
office here ?
Mr. LARRABEE. I presume, sir, that he is;
I think that he is in the Indian Office. Heisaman
familiar with all the duties of the position which
has been conferred upon him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
not have been fair to have appointed a man from
each side ?
Mr. LARRABEE. No, sir; it is no political
question. This, Mr. Speaker, is an investigation
to be made on the part of the Secretary of the In-
terior. One of the officers in his Department has
been charged with malfeasance in officc,and it
was for hinl to select the man who should conduct
an investigation into the matter.
1 objected to Mr. Woodman; and why? Sim-
ply because of the business connection of my col-
league, and because, from that fact, he would more
or less be under his control. There was no other
reason. Mr. Woodman is a Democrat, and not
a Republican. The whole matter seemed to be a
family affair. When the question was submitted
to me as between Judge Howe, Mr. Baker, andMr.
Barbour, I said to the Secretary of the Interior
that he could safely choose either of them. It
is true, sir, that they are Republicans; but they
are good men and true, so far as I know, and I
have objected to no man on account of his poli-
ties. My colleagues are the parties who have done
that. The Secretary said that, on the other side,
my colleague did not want a Democrat appointed;
and that, consequently,he had already selected a
man from his own Department, who was familiar
with all the duties and ramifications of the Indian
bureau, and who would make a fair and honor-
able investigation into the matter. As the charge
involved the integrity of an officer in his Depart-
ment, he should sift the matter to the bottom. I
have entire faith that the investigation will be con-
ducted fairly and energetically. I then submit to
my colleague whether there is or is not ground
for the adoption of the resolution before the House,
and the raising of a special committee, with power
conferred upon it to send for persons and papers?
Is it not better to await the result of the investi-
gation ordered by the Secretary of the Interior ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speak-
er, one word in reply to what my colleague has
said. I will first state under what circumstances
this matter was brought to my attention. This
man, Kershaw, of whom my colleague spoke,
came to me accredited from the Governor of the
State of Wisconsin, bringing a letter to me from
that officer, and bringing also a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin. He accompanied tin se
Indians as their agent. He did not call upon my
colleague, I presume, because, at the time, 1 under-
stood he had gone to the State of Wisconsin to
attend the Democratic convention, and the report
was that he went to get elected to the Charleston
convention, in which, I believe, he failed.
Mr. LARRABEE. I did not hear what my
colleague has stated, and I ask him to repeat his
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
that Mr. Kershaw did not call upon my colleague
because he was at the time absent in "Wisconsin,
attending at the city of Madison a Democratic
convention, and endeavoring to get elected as a
delegate to the Charleston convention.
Mr. LARRABEE. I was absent, that is true;
but the last assertion is false.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
made no assertion, but stated my understanding
merely, and what the report was. If it was a false
report, injustice was then done him.
Mr. LARRABEE. That latter statement is
simplv false; that is all.
Mr." WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
stated what the report was, without vouching for
its truth or falsity, as I personally know nothing
about it, and care less.
Mr. LARRABEE. Th^n my colleague had
better not have made the statement.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
merely alluded to the statements in the newspa-
pers as to where my colleague had gone, and what
was his purpose. It is an immaterial matter how-
ever, and of little consequence. I believe that the
gentleman was a candidate for Charleston, and
that he did not get elccted. So much for that mat-
ter, and so much for Mr. Kershaw calling upon
my other colleagues, and not on him
