2998:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
more troops upon that frontier than anywhere
else in the regular service in twice that extent of
territory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. REAGAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment
Mr. McRAE. I move to amend, by increasing
the amount $2,000. I am not at all surprised,
Mr. Chairman, that my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs should have made the
speech we have listened to. He has made up his
mind that he does not care what occurs on the
borders of Texas between the whites and the In-
dians, or how much blood is shed there, or who
are killed, whether they be white or red. He is
determined that the trouble shall go on. He has
made up his mind to that. 1 have never known
any one, in a more cold-blooded spirit, to be con-
vinced of butchery and not be willing to arrest it.
He says he has information from an Army officer
that this volunteer regiment is not necessary; and
yet, sir, he refuses to give lus name. He makes
an assertion in the House without making its au-
thor responsible for it or being responsible for it
himself 
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi will allow me to say that it would not be
safe to mention the names of officers who make
developments, and 1 so suggested to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. McRAE. I am exceedingly obliged to
my other colleague on the Committee on Military
AtTHirs for saying that he wishes to screen the
officers, and that he wishes to allow an assertion
of fact to be made on this floor for which nobody
is responsible, and on account of which this prop-
osition is to be defeated, while he favors the
proposition.
Mr. OLIN. It is not on the authority of one
officer alone that I make the statement. I believe
that every officer of the Army with whom 1 have
had the pleasure of conversing on the subject has
uniformly made the same statement; and if the
gentleman from Mississippi is acquainted with
any officer of the Army whose opinion lie \aliu\s,
let him go to him, and he will find out the same
thing.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman says that I may
go and consult officers of the Army, and take
them as my nuthoijty. Do I know the officers
of the Army with whom he has had the pleasure
of conversing, and for whom lie is not willing to
be responsible J Do I know those whom he has
the pleasure of knowing ? 1 have never known
on instance in the history of" legislation before,
where a faet*was brought to the consideration of
the power having authouty to exercise, with a
view to control the exercise of that power in a
particular way, and nobody to be made respons-
ible for the fact stated. And it is most remark- j
able in this case, when it is shown that blood is
being shed between the Indians and the whites
on the frontier of Texas, that in a cold-blooded
spirit of hostility, growing out of sectional influ-
ences, which never operate upon me when the
great interests of the country are at stake, the
power capable of a/fording relief should refuse to
adopt the necessary rnensuies to give it. Every
one knows that the officeis of the regular Army
are opposed in most instances to volunteer regi-
ments*, and their opposition to this measure may
well be attributed to that fact.
The gentleman says further, on this subject,
that there are now six companies whistling to the
wind down at Fort Monroe, and that there are
twenty-six hundred men of the regular Army on
the frontiers of Mexico and on the Indian fi on tiers.
That is so; but they have not yet been able to
suppress these Indian hostilities. And it grows
out of the fact that the troops of the regular Army,
whether infantry, or cavalry mounted from the
infantry, are not fitted for fighting with the In-
dians, and cannot arrest this bloodshed, rapine,
and murder on the frontiers of Texas. Sir, I speak
withfeeliug on this subject; and I think I have a
right to speak with feeling. Much as 1 antago-
nize with that sentiment of hostility to the insti-
tutions ol the section in which I live, if such a
case weie brought before me in regard to any State
in the Union, and it was shown that there was
hostility between its people and any force on their
borders, while I remain in the Union—and I do
not say how much I wish to get rid of it, unless
it can be maintained as the Union of the Consti-
tution—I would come forward and furnish relief.
And I ask, why is it not done in this case?
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. OLIN. I have examined this question
with some little care, and in a former discussion
I took occasion to call the attention of the House
to certain correspondence on this subject published
by the Secretary of the Interior. I had the satis-
faction to see that some intelligent gentlemen on
the other side of the House, who first voted for
this proposition, refused afterwards, on an exam-
ination of that conespondence carefully, to vote
for it, and, like honest men, voted to reconsider
the vote by which the House had passed the bill,
and rejected it. Hut the gentleman charges, not-
withstanding that, that my hostility to this matter
I arises out of my sectional prejudices, and that I
j wish to see this butchery going on out there. I
tell the gentleman that I am opposed to this meas-
| ure simply because 1 wish to put an end to that
! butchery. The difficulty in this case grows, not
oi. t of difficulties with the Indians, but out of the
difficulty of lestraining tliu people of Texas from
making war on these peaceful and friendly Indi-
ans. The whole history of the tiansaction shows
it,. It is shown by the reports of the Secretary
of War, and of the Secretary of the Interior. The
whole correspondence shows that thing; and I
have tin re fore denounced it. The officers of the
Army will tell you, to-day, that the difficulty is
in resiiaining the people of Texas from making
war on friendly tribes of Indians, as they did make
war upon them, and drove them out of their ter-
ritory, and plundered them of everything they
possessed—robbed them of largo herds of cattle
and horwes.
The Indians having been driven from their Ter-
ritory, are now wandering homeless, houseless,
and starving through the forests, it is po wonder
that when they come across cattle and horses, or
anything on which they can subsist, they lay
their hands upon them. They are starving. They
have been driven out of their Territory, in viola-
tion of treaty stipulations, in violation of law, in
violation of the authority of the General Govern-
ment. They have been driven from their homos
and firesides; have been plundered of all they^wero
worth, and are now scattered over those plains in
a starving condition. And now the General Gov-
ernment^ asked to commission these men, who
have been thus guilty of these outrages, to hunt
them down still further. God forbid that I shall
give my assent to it. No, sir. It is not section-
alism; it is only an honest desire to see justice
done to these friendless and unprotected exiles
from the land which this country had guarantied
to them; and that they shall not be hunted down
any longer by these hell-hounds in Texas.
Mr. MeRAE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to increase the sum to $800. Mr.
Chairman, 1 have tried to investigate and to un-
deistand the question that is before the committee.
I have made it a rule of my life, in public and in
private, to try, upon all occasions, to speak the
tuith in soberness, and to slander and defame no
man, either with or without cause. Much as I feel
it. my duty to urge, with all moderation, and try to
secure,with all the conciliation that I can command,
the interests of my State, by securing the good-
feeling of those who are opposed to my State and
sectuni, duty calls upon me to say that thejan-
^uage employed by the gentleman from New York
is'a deliberate, willful, malicious calumny upon
the people of Texas. No more delibeiate cal-
umny could be uttered by any man. He has had
access to all these papers, lie knows that the
people of Texas have been murdered and plun-
dered by the Iridianson the frontier,and that they
are now asking the Government to protect them
against these Indians.
The gentleman alludes to the difficulties that
have occurred between a portion of the people of
Texas and the Indians on the reservation, which,
as I have befoie explained, had no ielation to the
general hostilities on the fiontiers of Texas. It
was an episode in the long-continued difficulty.
Difficulties sprang up. The Indians stole the
property of the people, and killed them. They
were traced on to the reservation. That aroused
hostilities; and the whites acted with a greater
degree of rashness than, perhaps, I would have
acted. Yet, with all the proof before us, I should
have thought any man would have hesitated long
before he would have pronounced such a sentence
as this. The gentleman tells you that these In-
dians now roam at large upon the prairies, with*
out homes or property. I tell the gentleman they
never were plundered oftheir property; and I defy
him, or any human being on earth,to point to an
instance in which they were plundered. I tell him
—and he knows it, too—that they are not roaming
at huge on the prairies. The Indian agent says,
in his letters to the Department, that they are at
home, at peace, upon their reservation, in the
western portion of the Chickasaw country, secured
by the Federal Government; and the correspond-
ence shows that they are there, and are not con-
net ted with the murders and robberies nowgoing
on. I know that some people believe that they
are yet with the Camanches, and arc now en-
gaged m these depredations; but the agent having
the immediate supervision of them says that
they aie on theii reservation in peace Our peo-
ple will attack no pcaccable Indian; and if the In-
dians had not assailed thorn, they would have
made no war upon them. Sir, they are nothunt-
mg for war; they remain at home. But men,
women, and children have been murdered; women
have been violated, and children carried into cap-
tivity. Every week brings intelligence of that
kind. Eight trams have been attacked and sacri-
ficed by them within the last five weeks, in the
country between San Antonio and El Paso. And
yet, while our people, living quietly at home, pur-
suing their peaceful avocations, are murdered and
violated and carried into captivity,the gentleman
from New York stands here and attempts-to stig-
matize with epithets of infamy the people thus
abused and outraged. Our State treasury is be-
coming bankrupt,'the State having to keep in the
field a large number of troops. Does he believe,
can any man believe, that the State is bankrupt-
ing itself for nothing?
But he says that all military officers condemn
"this thing. He has before him, as a member of
the Committee on Military Affairs, two letters
from the Secretary of War and a letter of Colonel
Lee, saying that an increase of force is necessary;
and a letter of General Twiggs, the commander
of that department, saying that such an increase
is necessary. lie has all these documents before
him; and yet ho comes forward, in the face of this
official information, and says that this appropria-
tion is not necessary.
[ Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. This subject has
been before the House twice already during the
present .session, and the House has already twice
expressed itself upon it. In accordance with that
judgment, and likewise with their own, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a non-
concurrence in thisfimendment of the Senate. I
do not see that any new facts are likely to be
hi ought forward on the one side or the other;
and I therefore move that the committee rise, with
a view to stop debate on this amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 hope the committee will not
rise.
The-motiora was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had. according to order, had
under consideration the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the Army appropriation bill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon*
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that all
debate on the eleventh amendment of the Senate
be closed.
Mi. McRAE. I should like five minutes; but
I shall not ask any indulgence from that side of
the House. I see that they are determined on a
sectional vote; and 1 only ask that the fact shall
be known, that they refused to give me five min-
utes.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's motion;
and it was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 819) providing for additional terms of the
United States circuit and district courts, in the State
of Kentucky; when the Speaker signed the same.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN. ^
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the ^
