90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
and I will vote for his resolution whenever it can
be brought before the House and brought to a
vote. If the House chose, by unanimous consent,
without interfering with my right to the floor, to
accept the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and to vote upon it, I was prepared to
let it be done; but the moment 1 saw that the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
result in adebate on questions of orcler and on the
resolution itself, I then felt it my duty to resume
my rights, because I knew that the business of
the House would not be advanced by my yield-
ing the floor for such a discussion and such ques-
tions of order; and I would now without the least
hesitation yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, if I believed that any progress could be made
in the business of the House, and that his reso-
lution could be brought before the House in such
'form as to produce a vote upon it. But, as 1 un-
derstand the rules of the House, they an; unques-
tionably such that the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is not, and cannot, under par-
liamentary law, be made the first business in order,
if £ surrender the floor. I certainly understand the
rules of parliamentary law well enough to know
that when a question is pending and the previous
question demanded on it, it is not in order, under
parliamentary law, to move an independent prop-
osition and to go to voting on that. As a ques-
tion of order I could not so vote, if the Clerk were
to submit itto the House. I therefore do not feel
that I ought, under the circumstances, to surren-
der the floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
for the purpose for which he desires to obtain it.
That is the view 1 take of it. If in this I am
doing anything which in the opinion of my po-
litical friends may obstruct the organization of
the House, although I do not think so myself, I
am sorry for it.
Mr. GROW. I take this occasion to say that
I deprecate very much, and have deprecated ever
since I have had a seat on this floor, the practice
that prevails of one gentleman getting the floor
and letting half a dozen others make speeches
within his speech. "Without casting any sort of
censure on the course pursued here—for E know
of the disorganized state of this House—I must
say that I deprecate this practice, and think that
in every deliberative body the gentleman who has
the floor should be allowed to make his remarks,
and let those who wish to reply get the floor and
do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it for granted that
you do such things yourself.
Mr. GROW. Certainly; the remark applies to
myself as well as to others, but X deprecate the
whole practice.
Now, all that I wished to say was, that by the
proceedings, as they stand reported in the Globe,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had this point
submitted to the Clerk. The proceedings show
that if the Clerk refused to entertain it, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania proposed to submit to
the House whether the resolution could be enter-
tained or not. That point, of course, could be
acted on while the gentleman from Ohio was en-
titled to the floor, under the courtesies which the
gentleman has referred to. But the resolution
should have appeared on the Journal; and that is
the point he makes. No action can be taken on
it until the gentleman from Ohio is oil the floor.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania having ob-
tained the floor, offered his proposition, and the
Clerk replied that he would submititto tin- House.
That point should be left on the Journal for the
House to vote upon whenever the gentleman from
Ohio is off the floor, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania can call it up.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to say
a word with regard to the remark of the gentle-
man from Ohio. 1 think he is laboring under
error, when he says that if he yielded the floor
the resolution of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania would not be in order. It seems to me
that there can be no question that it would be in
order, and for this reason: We an? now acting
under a vote of the House, passed on Monday
last, that we proceed to the election of a Speaker.
Under that rule any member has a right to insist
on that business, and nothing else is in order, but
to proceed to the election of a Speaker, without
debate and without delay—and that whether the
previous question has been called and sustained,
or not. Such is the. Manual and such the law.
There can be no question about that. Then, sir,
all these other motions and resolutions are clearly
out of order, as you yourself suggested the other
day, if you were to decide the question. They are
out of ordei; then the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is in order, as it is one way
of executing the vote already passed. So that, if
the gentleman from Ohio yield the floor, the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia is in order, and no other question can be en-
tertained by the Clerk, unless the Clerk overrule
all the principles of parliamentary law.
I think the gentleman from Ohio, therefore, is in
error, and if he felt it to be consistent with his
duty, and with his ideas of propriety, I should
hope that he would permit the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to press his resolution upon the
House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will merely state the ob-
ject I had in asking that the resolution be spread
upon the Journal. If the Journal should be silent
upon the subject, then the Journal is the strongest
evidence against me, and decides the question
against me without its being submitted to the
House. All I ask now is that I should not be
prejudiced by the non-insertion of my resolution
upon the Journal. I think the resolution ought
to go on the Journal.. I claimed the right to offer
it; and I repeat that it is but fair that it should go
on the Journal, so that the House may decide the
question. 1 do not care how it may be decided.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not profess to be very
conversant with parliamentary usage or parlia-
mentary law: there is such a thing, however, as
common sense, with which every gentleman who
occupies a seeit upon this floor is presumed to be
acquainted. A question was several days ago pre-
sented to the House, and upon that question the
previous question was called. That question is
now pending, to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, except upon questions of order made upon
it, and action resulting from it. That was one oar
to the introduction of the resolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.] True,
brute force and the power of numbers may over-
come it, for the purpose of giving gentlemen the
privilege of voting, in the second degree, for a
Black Republican, who are not willing to come
forward and, like men, vote directly towards the
end to which their course will ultimately lead
them.
Mr HICKMAN. That remark has no appli-
cation to me, because I say now that I shall vote
for a Black Republican, if I am called upon ulti-
mately to choose between a Republican and an
Administration man.
Mr. REAGAN. So I supposed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am frank to say that
when that question comes up, whether the reso-
lution I have offered is adopted or not, I shall
vote for a Republican in preference to any gen-
tleman who represents the sentiments of this Ad-
ministration. [Applause on the Republican side
and in the galleries.]
Mr. REAGAN. I can understand very .well
the applause upon the other side of the House.
I suppose that has been their understanding, and
has no doubt been received with perfect satisfac-
tion heretofore. No one doubted that the gen-
tleman would vote for a Republican in the contest
between a Republican and a Democrat. No one
who has been here long could doubt that he in-
tended to do so in the end, and no one can have
any doubt that the object of this unlawful attempt
to introduce that resolution, and secure the action
of the House on it, is to relieve gentlen\en, by the
power of numbers and by a violation of parlia-
mentary law, from the responsibility of voting
directly for a man whom they intend to elect by
indirection, if they can get in that resolution. I
only rose to piotcst against this indirection, and
to appeal to gentlemen who intend to elect a Re-
publican Speaker, and who have the power to do
it, to come up like men, and do what they intend
to do directly, and not seek to do by indirect
means what they are ashamed to avow before the
country.
Mr. STANTON. I must resume the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me say a word more.
Mr. STANTON. I was going to suggest that
the motion of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
[Mr. Hickman] be entered on the Journal, and
that I then be permitted to proceed with my re-
marks.
Mr. REAGAN. I was only going to add a
word or two, and I will not be interrupted by
other gentlemen until I have concluded the few re-
marks I have to make. In addition to the bar
which I have already mentioned to the introduc-
tion of the resolution proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] held the floor, by the consent -of the
House, and no one could taKe the floor from him
without his consent. There was a great wrong
perpetrated upon his rights yesterday, to which
he aid not object, and I need not, I presume, when
a gentleman who held the floor by his courtesy
refused to surrender it back to him when it was
demanded by him; and the question was put to
the House, and they voted that he had the right
to go on. It was a violation of courtesy and of
parliamentary rule. He did not object to it, how-
ever, and I do not. But he w„as then, as he is now,
entitledrto the floor under the assent of the House.
That is a second bar to the introduction of the
resolution, unless the gentleman from Ohio yields
for its introduction, and if he does that, then we
come back to the first bar, which can only be
overcome by brute force, and the power of num-
bers overriding parliamentary rule and right.
Mr. HOUSTON. I only want to say one word
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
and that is a legitimate answer to his argument
upon his point of order. I do not propose to
debate the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Alabama permit me a moment? The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has the right, as a privileged
question, to move to concct the Journal, and to
take the floor for that purpose. Now I ask the
gentleman from Alabama if he will not permit the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to have his motion
entered, and then allow me to proceed with my
remarks?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania on my right, [Mr. Grow,] has admitted
away his entire case.
Mr. STANTON. Suppose you argue that on
Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not occupy Ave min-
utes. The gentleman from Pennsylvania admits
that the House could not entertain the proposi-
tion which his colleague on my left [Mr. Hick-
man] proposes to submit to the House. He says
it is true that the gentleman from Ohio [Mi*. Stan-
ton] has the floor, and that his colleague had not
the light to insist upon a vote of the House on
his proposition. Why? Because the gentleman
from Ohio was entitled to the floor. But he says
that, notwithstanding that the House could not
legally act upon this resolution, yet the resolution
was properly before the House, and ought to go
on the Journal. How is that? How can it be?
There is but one rase in which such a thing could
be done, (and that is under an express rule of the
House,) and that is amotion to reconsider. There
is no proposition under the rules of the House,
and certainly none under the parliamentary law,
that will authorize a resolution to be received and
entertained by the House that is not in oider to
bo acted on by the House at the time; and the
admission of the gentleman that the House could
not then act upon the resolution of his colleague,
is an admission that his whole rase is wrong; for
if the House could entertain it to the extent of
placing it upon the Journal, it could have gone
on and passed upon it without any difficulty.
Under parliamentary law, there is no motion in
order unless it be one that can then be received and
acted upon by the House. The gentleman, as I
have said, admits that the resolution could not, at
that time, have been acted on by the House, the
gentleman from Ohio holding the floor, but that,
by his consent, it was tacitly received, and ought
to go on the Journal.
Now, I say that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania cannot show one single instance from the
Journal of Congress, from its first session to this
day, where a motion has been received, under
parliamentary law, which could not be acted upon
at the time legitimately by the House. The rules
of the House, as I have remarked, when we are
organized and have adopted them, authorize the
submission, at any time, of a motion to recon-
sider, which may be entertained and called up at
any future time, whenever a member may choose
to call it up, and it is then to have precedence of
all other business; but, in this instance, there is
