1860.
tZ.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
bcrn, of Maine, in the eliair,) and resumed the
consideration of the amendments of the Senate to
the Army appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon concurring in the eleventh amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. REAGAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Reagan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-eight; noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Twelfth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interiorto restore to their
relatives in Wisconsin lour orphan children of Edward
Mittimore, whose parents and biotheis and si-ter.i were
massacred on or about the 31st day 01' August, 1859, about
one bundled miles north of Salt Lake City, by a party ot In-
diana, (or Mormons disunited as such.) and who ej-capcd
the massacre, and found refuge at Camp Floyd,.51,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd bcitfurther enacted, That there be added to
the medical corps of the Army four surgeons, and four as-
sistant surgeons, to be appointed in accordance with tile
existing laws.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to amend this amend-
ment pro forma, by adding, "and that $5,000 be
appropriated for their pay during the next year."
X difl'er from the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in reference to this amend-
ment of the Senate. I believe there is a necessity
for adding to the medical corps of the Army. I
believe that necessity has existed for the last two
or three years. We have a large number of mil-
itary posts which are occupied by troops, and,
with the present force of surgeons and assistants,
it has been found impossible to station one at
each post, for the purpose of administering to the
soldiers who may be sick or suffering from in-
juries received. The Surgeon General has called
the attention of Congress, in a communication to
the Secretary of War, to this subject, which I
will read:
" The medical staff consists of one hundred and seven
officers; of thi-s number, three surgeons and tivo assistant
&uii;eons are on tho sick report. Ouo assistant surgeon is
on }o:iv<* of absence. .
•' The attention of tno Secretary of War is respectfully
and earnestly called to tins fact.-that although the medi-
cal oflieeij are subjected to the same duties as other omeers
of til" lino and staff, but one is now enjoying the privilege
of an oidmarv leave of absence.
" There are thuty-five puvatc physicians employed, <iome
at an expense oiten equal to the pay and emoluments of the
offieei.- Of the medical staff. The employment of private
physician-, in dn-tantsections ot the country, is precarious,
anil always expensive.
" It is monosed to increase the number ot surgeons irom
twentv-six to Unity,and to add 10111 assistant suigcons, the
promotions and appointments to be made under existing
laws. Tills would add to the efficiency of the medical staff,
and give promotion to the senior assistant surgeons, some
of whom have served over nineteen years in that grade.
'• in accordance with instiuctions lioin the fceeictary ol
War, dated July ifi, 1839, Singeon General Thomas Daw-
son has been eng-i«ed in making a tour ot inspection, to
examine toe condition 01" hospitals, &e.,on the northern
and ei^tei 11 boideiv of the United states.
'■ Ilespeetfullv submitted, . «•  ' yyu> ,
" Jlctmg Surgeon General.
"Hon. Joiix B. Floyd, Sccrctary of War."
Believing, Mr. Chairman, that the medical corps
is insufficient to meet the wants of the Army, T
am in favor of concurring in this amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. STANTON. This subject was before the
Military Committee, and was fulty discussed by
us. For myself, I am in favor oi the proposed
increase, for this reason: there is not a sufficient
number of surgeons attached to the Army to allow
one to be stationed at each post, and the conse-
quence is, that they arc compelled to employ
physicians resident in the neighborhood. The
Committee on Military Affairs ha\c been fre-
quently called on to allow compensation to sur-
geons who have been employed to auc^u c|if-
ferent military posts,and, in my opinion, we have
to pay more for physicians and surgeons so em-
ployed, than we should by attaching a sufficient
number to the Army. For these reasons the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs were, I believe, unani-
mous in the opinion that the increase here recom-
mended is desirable. My friend from Iowa says
that we have a larger medical staff attached to our
Army, in proportion to the number of troops,
than any other Government; but it must be re-
membered that when our troops arc scattered on
the frontier, very often out of the reach of civili-
zation, there must be surgeons to attend them,
and this proportion of surgeons to the number of
troops, must, of course, be greater than when the
troops are congregated together in large masses.
[ think, myself, that the necessity of the case re-
quires that the House should concur in this
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to strike out ono sur-
geon. [Laughter.] The honorable gentleman
from Ohio referred to the proportion of surgeons
to the number of troops in our Army. Now, sir,
whether the proportion be great or small, I am
opposed, very decidedly, to any extension of the
Army in this particular mode; and at this partic-
ular time I do not see any necessity for adding to
the medical or any other staff of the Army. I
understand that in our Army there is a greater
proportion of medical men than in any other army
in the world. The gentleman says they occa-
sionally have to employ private physicians. Well,
sir, I presume the gentleman knows they would
do it occasionally under any circumstances. Iam,
at any rate, opposed to any increase of the medi-
cal staff, because I think the Department ought to
be governed by a wholly different policy m re-
spect to the distribution of troops.
Mr. BONHAM. I just wish to ask a single
question. Docs not the'honorablc gentleman from
Iowa know that no army on the face of the globe
is divided into so many detachments as ours?
Mr. CURTIS. I was coming precisely to that
point. .
Mr. BONHAM. One more question. And
does not the gentleman know that there is no army
in the world so entirely dependent upon their med-
ical corps as ours? Are they not frequently sta-
tioned where it is impossible to procure resident
physicians?
Mr. CURTIS. I hope this will not be taken
out of my time. I say that one of the greatest
difficulties and mistakes in the distribution of our
Army, is in their being divided up into so many
detachments. Every man wants his particular
road protected. Every man wants a military post
established in lus neighborhood, and he will im-
portune the Department, and keep importuning,
until he gets a post established there. The con-
sequence is, that your whole military frontier is
dotted over with little posts, as was shown to-
day by the map, by which you perceive there are
stationed ten, twenty, or fifty soldiers at separate
points. Now, sir, our Aimy ought to be more
concentrated. There must be a concentration of
power, or it is of very little service. Instead of
requiring more surgeons than we have, I am ill
favor of reducing the number, by so concentra-
ting the troops 111 large bodies, that there will be
medical men enough to attend to them. I know
there is a lack of surgeons as troops are now scat-
tered, and there will continue to be a lack ot them
so long as you keep up the policy of establish-
ing new posts for the protection of every little
road that two or three speculators want protected.
medical statF of the Anny, rather than increasing
it*, for its numbers are increased to suit this ex-
travagant and unfortunate policy of placing the
troops to suit the fancy of some and the whims
of others, instead of placing every man at some
convenient point to operate against our only fear
—the Indians.
Mr. JUNKIN. I move to amend by increas-
ing the amount five dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted; and
the question is upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. JUNKIN. Then I desire to ask one ques-
tion.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment. ■ ■■
Mr. JUNKIN. I move to strike out one dollar
from the appropriation. I move the amend meat
merely for the purpose of inquiring of my friend
from Missouri whether, if we will help to pass
this amendment, he will give us one of those sur-
geons at Carlisle barracks?
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, 1 would say that, as from his own
statement that is more especially a cavalry school,
there is more need, I should think, of a veterinary
surgeon than any other.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BOTELER. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by striking out " four " and inserting
" five." Since this matter came before the Com-
mittee otj Military Affixirs, I have had a conver-
sation with a gentleman attached to the medical
staff of the Army, and I am satisfied that the
amendment of the Senate is necessary for the well
being of the Army. There is no branch of the
service upon which heavier duties fall than upon
the medical stalf, and I beg leave to read an extract
from a letter X received a few days since from a
gentleman connected with the medical staff of the
Army. A single sentence will show how hard
the duty bears upon him. He says:
"To illustrate the difficulty of obtaining leave? of absence
by medical officers,! mention that there are three assistant
surgeons applying lor relief, one of whom ha? been eleven
ycnisin the service, and has had only one month and twea-
ty-nine days' leave; another"only two months and fifteen
days in ten years' service; and tile third no leave in seven
years, except one of twenty days. One assistant surgeon
lias had less than four months' leave of absenee.in nineteen
years' service."
The gentleman also mentioned that on two
occasions it was indispensably necessary that
he should have leave of abscncc, and he was
compelled to pay out of lus own pocket for the
services of a substitute—a citizen physician, to
perforin his medical duties.
Mr. DUNN. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, for I think the
Senate "amendment should stand as it is. I un-
derstand that the Senate amendment is recom-
mended by the Surgeon General of the Army, and
perhaps also by the'Secrctary of War; and it seems
to me that if we cannot, upon his recommenda-
tion, adopt an amendment involving so small an
additional expense as this will require, we had
better abolish his office.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to strike out the whole
amendment. I simply want to say that I have
listened to all these claims until I am completely
worn out. Here is a leech that has two daughters
constantly crying "give! " "give!" and ts never
satisfied; and that is the Army and the Navy.
[Laughter.] Now, we are told that this one,and
that one, and the other one, recommends this. So
it was the other day, when we voted to increase
the pay of the Navy officers. They even started
all their boys from the naval school at Annapolis,
and sent them down here in a shower upon us;
and every man who had brass wire upon his
shoulders and stripes down his pants—yes, sir,
and brass in his face, as my friend here soys—
swarmed around us here like the locusts of Egypt,
teasing us to pass that bill. And I imagine that
this side of the House has given a vote which
they will be unwilling to meet hereafter. All the
time crying cconoray and retrenchment, and
charging extravagance upon the Administration,
they voted away over half a million dollars an-
nually to increase the pay of a class of men,only
one out of five of whom are doing a single thing.
They are idlers and drones, living upon the pub-
lic Treasury.
Now, in this case, it is said that this Senate
amendment is recommended by this and that and
the other officer of the Government. I have net
a doubt of that. We arc surrounded and teased
i to death about all these matters. I do not want
to occupy the time of the committee, but I do
hope this amendment will be voted down, and
every other similar application, by a decisive vote;
and let it be understood that we are not going to
vote away all the money the people earn to the
Army and Navy, neither of wlueh is worth any-
thing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to have a
vote upon this matter without further debate. If
