1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
111!
Mr. Speaker, we thought it fair and right that
these Indians should have a word to say for them-
selves, or that they sKould be heard by their
friends, as to the gentleman to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Interior.
One word in regard to the gentleman first
named, Mr. Woodman, who my colleague alleges
was formerly a business partner of mine, it is
true, sir, as 1 have already said, that five years
ago he was a business partner of mine, but he
has had no business connection with me since
that time. We do not reside within one hundred
and fifty miles of each other. 1 have never had
any communicalion with him on the subject.
Knowing his eminent fitness for the position;
knowing that he was, although a Democrat, not
a partisan, and believing that whatever report he
would make would be received with full faith and
credit, we recommended him. My colleague ob-
jected to him; and then we said, appoint Judge
Howe, or Mr. Baker, or Mr. Barbour, either of
whom would be acceptable. The Secretary of
the Interior had the appointment of one or more
persons, and we thought that the interests of all
the parties concerned would be safe, even if a
Republican was selected upon the commission.
The Secretary of the Interior utterly refused to go
into such an investigation, not contemplating, as
I understand, the investigation into the $40,000
that was paid to Richard W. Thompson. We
were compelled, therefore, to bring the matter to
the attention of this House. I now demand the
previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order. I
understand the Speaker to decide that my objec-
tion to the introduction of the resolution comes
too late, and that the resolution is now before the
House by unanimous consent. I raise the point
of order, therefore, that, under the rules, the res-
olution must lie over one day, because it proposes
to give this committee power to report at any
time. Under the 132drule of the House, no rule
can be rescinded or changed without one day's
notice. Here is a proposition to rescind a rule of
the House, in giving to a committee of the House
power to report at any time. My point is, that
a proposition to give power to a committee thus
to report is an alteration of the rules, and that it
must lie over one day.
In addition, Mr. Speaker, it has been the prac-
tice of the House to do what I now urge as a point
of order. I have seen, time and again, proposi-
tions that proposed to give to committees power
to report at any time ruled out of order by the
Speaker, except on a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. As an original question, the
point would be a good one; but the Chair con-
ceives that unanimous consent lias been given to
the introduction of the resolution as it now stands,
and that it is too late to make objection.
Mr. BRANCH. Unanimous consent was only
given for the introduction of the resolution. My
point of order is, that the resolution being legiti-
mately before the House, the rules require that it
shall lie over one day for consideration. My
point does not go to the reception of the resolu-
tion; but that the resolution, under the decision
of the Speaker, being legitimately before the
House, it must, under the rules of the House, lie
over one day for consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina must know that it
has been the constant practice, in resolutions of
this charactei, to provide that the committee shall
have power to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution, as it stands, is fairly before the House,
by unanimous consent.
Air. FLORENCE. At the time, sir, I expressly
stated, that unless the resolution was changed in
its terms as I suggested, and for the reasons stated,
I should object. I made objection, under those
circumstances, at the moment the resolution was
otfercd. I suggested, however, that in the mean
time the gentleman from Wisconsin might state
biiolly what was the nature of the resolution, and
the purpose that was sought to be accomplished
by it.
"The SPEAKER. The Chair holds, that when
a resolution is allowed to be discussed before the
House, it is then too late to object to its recep-
tion. T . .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I insist
on my demand for the previous question
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not take exception
to the decision of the Chair.
t Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is discus-
sion in order when I have called for the previous
question?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. My understanding was, that
the resolution was read for information.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Oh, no. "
Mr. HOUSTON. But if the Chair decides that
the resolution is before the House, inasmuch as it
proposes to change one of the rules of the House,
a two-thirds vote will be necessary to pass it. Al-
though it was not in order to offer the resolution,
two thirds of the House might have suspended
the rules and let it in; but as the Chair decided it to
be before the House upon the reading of it for in-
formation, then, if the House proposes to pass
it now, a two-thirds vote will be required, because
there is a rule which will not allow it to pass un-
less by a two-thirds vote.
The SPEAKER- The Chair supposes that it
will take a two-thirds vote to pass the resolution.
The question is upon seconding the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. LARRABEE. I hope my colleague will
allow it to go over until we can get the corre-
spondence upon this subject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BRANCH called for the .yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 113, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Green Adams, Adrain, AWrieh, Wil-
liam O. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Blake, Brab-
son, JBristow, Buffinton. Builingamc, Burnham, Burroughs,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Collax, Conkling, Convin,
Covode, Curtis, [1. Winter Davi^, John G. Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, English, Echeridge,
Feriton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch, Gra-
ham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Hardeman; J. Morrison
Harris, Hatton, Heimick, Hickman, Hill, Hoaid, Ilolman,
Ilutchins, Irvine, Junkni, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kilgore,K.illinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis,
Lovejby,Maisjton,Maynaicl,MeKoan, McKnight, McFJier-
son, Mill-on, Millward, Momhead, Morrill, E'Wvaid Joy
Moins, Morse, Nelson. Olin, Perry, Porter. Pottei, Pottle,
Rice, Christopher Itobmson, iloyee, Schwartz, ScrUnton,
Sedgwick, Sherman, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stoke, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer.
Tompkins,Train,Trimble, Vamiever, Van Wjek, Veiree.
Waldron, 'Walton, Cadwalader C. "Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, and WoodrulF—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Barksdale, Barr,
Dunham, Bouligny, Bianch, Burclt, Burnett, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochiane, Cooper Crawford, Curry, Reuben
Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson. Florence, Fouke,Gartrell,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hindman, Houston, Howaid, Hughes,
Jones, Lanchum, Larraboe, Leake, Logan, Love, Alaclay,
Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, Mc-
Queen, Miles, Montgomery, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton,
Pejton, Piyoi, runh," Reagan, RU;gf, James C. Robinson,
Rutlin, Scott, Siekle«, Singleton, William Smith, Steven-
son, Underwood, Vallandigliam, Vance, Whiteley, Wood-
son, and Wiiglrt—60.
So the resolution was not passed, (two thirds
not voting m favor thereof.)
During the call,
Mr. LEAKE said: 1 do not want to vote for
the preamble, though I can vote for the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The vote upon the preamble
will be taken after this vote is decided, which is
upon the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Clemexs for some days.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off
with his colleague upon the Committee on En-
rollment, Mr. Theaker.
Mr. FRANK stated thatMr. Irvine was paired
off with Mr. Clark, of Missouri, until Wednes-
day.
Mr. LONGNECKER stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Harris, of Virginia, for to-day and
to-morrow.
Mr. LEAKE, said: I stated, a short time since,
that I could not vote for the preamble, hut would
vote for the resolution. When I made that state-
ment, I did not understand the facts. I nowunder-
stand that the Secretary of the Interior is ready
and willing to appoint one of his ablest officers to
investigate this very thing. I therefore shall
change my vote, and vote "no."
Mr. FO'ITLE stated that Mr. Ely was paired
off during this week with Mr. Morris, of Illi-
nois, and for the following; week with Air. Allen",
of Ohio
Mr. LANDRUM stated that Mr. Taylor was
confined to his room by illness.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, said: Inasmuch as the
committee proposed to be raised by virtue of that
resolution is to inquire into the transaction ,of
Colonel Richard W. Thompson, of my congres-
sional district, with the Menomonee tribe of In-
dians, and knowing that transaction to be proper,
and that he will not shrink from any investigation
this committee can make in reference to- that or
any other transaction with that tribe of Indians, J
I vote "ay."
Mr. WOODSON. I desire simply to saythat,
understanding the subject is under investigation
by the Secretary of the Interior, I vote "no."
Mr. ELIOT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Adams, was confined to his house by sicknass.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that had he been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the preamble.
Mr. BRANCH. The resolution having fallen,
the preamble necessarily falls with it. It is merely
attached to the resolution, which is the main
thing.
The SPEAKER. It might as well fall, though
I do not know as it necessarily does, under the
rules. If there be no objection, the preamble will
be passed by.
No objection was made.
Mr. KILGORE subsequently said: I rise to a
question of privilege, in regard to the resolution of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.]
I would inquire if the resolution is not fairly adopt-
ed ? The only rule whitfh it was necessary to sus-
pend is the rule in reference to the right to report
at any time. When the committee come to re-
port, they must move to suspend the rules for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not passed,
in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. BRANCH. The resolution came in by
reason of my being too late in objecting-, and the
gentleman from Indiana is also too late m making
this objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the same
opinion.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM NEW YORK.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, to which was referred the petition of Amor
J. Williamson, contesting the right of Hon. Dan-
iel E  Sickles to a seat in this House, made a
report, accompanied with the following resolution:
Resolved, That A. J. Williamson, contesting the right of
Hon. Daniel E. Sickles to a seat in this House as a Rep-
resentative fiom the third district of the State of New York,
be, and he is hereby, required to serve upon the said Sick-
les, within ten days after the passage of this resolution, a
particular statement of the grounds of said contest; and
that the said Sickles be, and he is hereby, requiredto serve
upon the said Williamson his answer thereto in twenty
days; thereafter; and that both parties be allowed sixty days
ne.\t after the service of said answer, to take testimony in
support of their several allegations and denials before some
ju^ticc of the supreme court of the State of New York, re-
siding in the city of New York; but, in all other respects, in
the manner prescribed m the act of February 19,1851.
Mr. GILMER, from the same committee, sub-
mitted a minority report, accompanied by the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the petitioner, Amor J. Williamson, hav-
ing failed to comply vvitli any of the provisions of the law
of Congress, or the usages established by parliamentary
assemblies, regulating the proceedings of parties in cases of
contested elections, and not having proceeded with due
diligence to establish his alleged claims, have leave to
withdraw his petition.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the reports of the
majority and minority, with the accompanying
resolutions, be printed;; and that their considera-
tion be postponed until one o'clock on Thursday
next, to be continued from day to day until dis-
posed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
- Resolved, That Ainor J. Williamson have leave to occupy
a seat upon the floor ol this House pending the discussion
of the report of the Committee of Elections on the ea>e of
his contest for the seat now occupied by Danikl E. riickxhs,
from the thud congressional district of tile gtate of i\ow
Yorlc; and that lie have leave to speak to the merits ot said
contest and the report thereon.
