m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
stitution and the UniGYi m its general' doctrines?
Is it tire Republican or the Democratic party, even
iter#*, as it is?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Let me say a
wofd.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Where does your
duty require you to- go ?
Mr. CLARK, of Sew York. I came into the
last Congress a Democrat, I am a Democrat now,
but not attached to- the Democratic organization
in this Hou$c or in my own district. I took my
seat in the last Congress by the side of gentle-
men who I supposed were pledged with me to the
Democratic platform—of course, I mean its north-
ern exposure. I had not been long here before
I found out that there was more than one sectional
party m this House, f came here with the im-
pression that there was here a scctional party
arrayed against the interests of the Union. It was
not long before I began to suspect that there was
more than one sectional party in the House of
Representatives. After a while, I heard a dis-
tinguished gentleman from the State of South Car-
olina [Mr. Miles] rise in his seat and say that
the South were scctional, intensely sectional; and
then I began to* doubt whether I belonged any-
where. And that doubt is not yet entirely re-
moved. I claim to be a national man with north-
ern prejudices and northern sentiments, intent
upon the preservation of thf Constitution, and will-
ing to unite with thosr* men, come from wherever
they may, who will cooperate with me in" refer-
ence fo the great interests of the country. I care
less about party than 1 care about my country.
[Applause m the galleries.]
Mr. MILES. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to say a word?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. MILES. As the gentleman from New
York has alluded very distinctly to me in the re-
mark which he has just made, I would be very
happy just at this particular point merely to say
a single word. The gentleman does not very pre-
cisely represent what I did utter upon the occa-
sion to which he has alluded. I did not say that
the South was sectional, and that all her aims
and purposes were sectional; but I did say, and
I am quite prepared to soy now and reiterate it
again and again, on this or any other occasion,
thjit I am a sectional man; that I am first devoted,
heart and soul, to the inteiestof my immediate
constituents and my immc diate State; that I con-
ceive that I do owe to her my chief, my primary
allegiance; that, as a sovereign State of this Con-
federacy of States, she has the first and paramount
claim upon the love, the affection, the devotion of
every one of her sons. That is the position which
I as a Representative, in part, of the State of
South Carolina hold upon this floor.
Hut, sir, I might go farther and say one other
word. Even it* it were true that the South were
now sectional throughout her length and breadth;
even if it were true that a sectional spirit animates
her every motive, her every purpose, would she
not be justified ? Why, the gentleman tells us he
came into this House expecting to find a sectional
party; that he so regarded the Republican party;
that he expected that was the sectional party he
was to oppose; but that he discovered very soon
that there was another scctional party. Why,
sir, is that strange? Does not like beget like?
Can you have a sectional party at the North
avowedly banded together to carry out sectional
purposes, and expect that you will not have an
opposition arrayed against that party opposed to
such sectional puiposes?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Of course not.
Mr. MILES. Is it not an inevitable conse-
quence? And arc we to be reproached for tire sec-
tionalism which has been forced upon us by the
sectionalism of the North? Is there a fair, a just,
. a right-minded man anywhere who would pro-
nounce such a judgment?
I beg the gentleman's pardon for having inter-
rupted him. I did not purpose to make so many
remarks. "But, as allusion was made to myself,
I desired to define my position so accurately and
unmistakably that it could not be questioned.
And I repeat again, that I do feel that t am a sec-
tional man; that, in fighting this great sectional
quarrel, it is necessary that we should oppose sec-
tionalism with sectionalism; that we should fight
lire with fire, and meet force with force, if neces-
sary; and, in doing so, I do not feel that I surren-
der for an instant one patriotic emotion, or lower
in the slightest degree that general love of country
which should animate every citizen of this great
Confederacy. But, as the Representative of a
sovereign State, claiming equal rights in this Con-
federacy, I feel no sympathy with that general,
indiscriminate laudation of this nation—this na-
tion, as* we constantly hear it teamed—which
seems to shallow up in that one idea every notion
of State rights and State sovereignty.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The honorable
gentleman from South Carolina is the gentleman
to whom I referred as having made the remarlc
in the last Congress that the South was sectional;
and I beg leave to say that I intended no reflec-
tion, nor do I intend any reflection upon any ftian
in this House; but I say that if there is oftc sec-
tional party in the House, there is more than one.
Sir, I am not a sectional man. I never was, and
I never will be; but every other man in the House
is to judge for himself as to the extent to which
the great interests of the country will permit him.
to be sectional. I am one of the Representatives
of the great city of New York, a city which, in
my judgment, will not consent to send a sectional
man to the Congress of the United States. Sir,
I cannot but reflect that that great city will not
willingly consent that the mighty chain of her
wealth and commerce by which the several States
of the Union are bound in mutual thralldom shall
be broken.
Mr. Clerk, T have been called on this floor an
Abolitionist; or, to speak move accurately, expres-
sions have been uttered which would bring me
within that classification. It may be that the
opinions I entertain upon the various questions
involving the relation of slavery are such as, in
the estimation of some men, may justly entitle
me to be pronounced an Abolitionist.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia Thtt- gentleman
from New York will see that he is going off from
the bounds.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Grant mcafew
moments for a personal explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.- Well, go ahead.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us get this thing ven-
tilated thoroughly.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. My attention has
been this morning called lu the Constitution of
the 7th instant, a newspaper published in the city
of Washington, which contains a report of the
proceedings of this House of the preceding day,
m which the following language is used, descrip-
tive of a remark made by me in tins House in the
course of the debate on that day:
a Uo hud never been an Abolitionist till lie came to
Washington.*"
Thus 1 have been reported. Now, Mr. Clerk,
I have no doubt that this is either an error of the
reporter, or a misprint. The language which I
used did not convey that meaning. I said that 1
had not seen an Abolitionist till I came to the city
of Washington; and I have no doubt that that re-
mark is the one which has, undoubtedly through
inadvertence, been inaccurately reported. I de-
sire to make the correction, lest it may be asserted
elsewhere that I have, on this floor, tnus declared
myself to be an Abolitionist. If, sir, I had made
that assertion, and if that assertion were true, I
should feel it my duty at once to resign my scat,
and give my constituents an opportunity to be
represented here by some one who is not an Abo-
litionist; for, sir, in my judgment, an Abolition-
ist cannot be a true Representative of any con-
fressional district in the city of New York; and
feel at liberty to add that no man bearing justly
that name can he a true Representative of any
congressional district in the great State of Now
York.
But, Mr. Clerk, from the frequent, and I maybe
permitted to say, indiscriminate, use of the word
" Abolitionist,5' by members of this House, it
seems to mc that gentlemen do not entertain the
same ideaas to its true signification. When I said
that I had never seen an Abolitionist till I came
to the city of Washington, of course I employed
the term as denoting that particular class of men
recognized at the North as such, and of which I
remarked there were but few or none in my dis-
trict. 1 did not refer to the members of the Re-
publican party, for I did not and.do not regard
them as Abolitionists, nor arc they regarded as
such in that city which I have the honor, in part,
to represent.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Is Mr. Seward
an Abolitionist?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will reserve
my answer to that question till I have made the
explanation which the courtesy of the honorable
gentleman from Virginia who holds the floor has
enabled me to make, and I will then cheerfully
answer it if the question is renewed. \
Mr. Clerk, I say again that I do not regard the
Republican party as Abolitionists. There may
be, sir, for aught I know, Abolitionists among
them. There may be, for aught I know, Aboli-
tionists who entertain the same political opinions,
and who vote with their organization, out, sir,
it so happens that I have not the personal ac-
quaintance of any such residing in my district.
It may be well, sir, in order that my meaning
may be more plain, to define very briefly the class
of persons to whom I referred by the name of
Abolitionists. Sir, when I use the term " Aboli-
tionists, 391 refer to that class of men, who, by
violence, or in derogation of private right, would
sever the relation of master and slave. I refer as
well to those who counsel, advise, or incite, as
to the persons through whose immediate instru-
mentality the act of liberation is accomplished.
The recent affair at Harper's Ferry furnishes a
terrible illustration of practical fibolitionism in its
most hideous form; and if it be a fact, which as
yet I do not believe, that there are in the northern
States any persons who, by money, by advice,
by counsel, or otherwise, incited those misguided
men to make their strike at slavery in Virginia,
of course they are Abolitionists, differing from
Brown and his confederates only in this, that
they lacked the demoniacal courage, the horrible
recklessness which characterized the latter, and
which by some are regarded as redeeming graces.
Another word, sir, and I have done. The re-
mark I made, that I had never seen an Abolition-
ist in my district, was strictly accurate in my
view of the just definition of that term. Rut if,
sir, I am mistaken as to its true meaning, I must
withdraw the remark. Sir, if every northern man
who is not pro-slavery, to use a familar expres-
sion, is an Abolitionist, I was wrong. If every
Christian minister at the North, or every Chris-
tian man, who, in the hour of his devotion, prays
for the welfare of both master and slave; if those,
sir, who diifer from our brethren at the South as
to the influence of slavery on the industry and
happiness of a people; if those who, by contrib-
utions of money or otherwise make to the master
that compensation for the service of his slave in
consideration of which he gives that slave his free-
dom; or if those who, by appeal to landed pro-
prietors in slaveholding States, would induce
them, so far as practicable, without shock to the
existing condition of society, to substitute free la-
bor for slave labor; if these are Abolitionists, then,
sir, I was wron«: for here in this presence I will
not deny that I know th^re are thousands of such
men nt the North. As for myself, I will simply
say, that if to differ from the Administration as to
its whole territorial policy, as manifested at the
last Congress; and if to dissent from the action of
the majority of the Democratic organization in
Congress as to the admission of Kansas into the
Union, requires that the man who so differs and
so dissents shall be classed as an Abolitionist, for
one, I claim the right to bear the name and wear
the honor. If I am an Abolitionist, there are mil-
lions of them at the North. [Applause from the
Republican benches and the galleries.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose it will be
conceded by all, so far as I am concerned, that I
have been very liberal in yielding to the gentle-
man from New York, for "the purposes of inter-
ruption and explanation. I desire, however, as I
stated in the outset, to go into no general debate;
but to confine myself to the particular objects I
had in view, when I rose to submit a few remarks
to the House. I will take this occasion, however,
to say that I am well acquainted with the gentle-
man from New York; I am, I suppose, somewhat *
intimately acquainted with his opinions; and I am
free to say, that he has not one abolition senti-
ment in his heart, nor, I trust, a drop of abolition
blood in his veins. If he errs, as err he does, I
humbly submit, I know it is an error of the head
and not of the heart, which pulsates always with
his country.
Now, let me have a few plain words With the
members of the House. The principles'of a party
