1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
LIEUTENANT HAETSTENE.
Mr. CARTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Commanding Hartstene, officers, and crew,
which was read a first and second lime, and re-
ferred to the Committee on .Naval Affairs.
arrangement of the hall. .
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Plouse to offer the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas the reported assertion is generally credited that
a large amount of money has been expended in the altera-
tions which have been made in the furniture of the Hall of
the House of Representatives since the final adjournment
of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and previous to the organiza-
tion of the Thirty-Sixth Congiess: authority for making
such alterations is not upon the records of Congress, except
that possibly inferential from a resolution passed by the last
House of Representatives, on the 3d day of March, A. D.
1859: said-resolution reads as follows: "Resolved, That the
superintendent of the Capitol extension be directed, after
the adjournment of the present session of Congress, to ic-
move the desks from the Hall of the House, and to make
such a rearrangement of the seats of members as will bring
them together into the smallest convenient space:" and
whereas said resolution authorizes said superintendent to
do certain acts unsupported by law, and does not authoi ize
any one to direct said superintendent, in accordance with
the clause which says he shall " be directed,"and does not
make an appropriation of money, from any source what-
ever, for the payment of the cost of making such alterations;
and as said resolution is not a joint one, assuming thereby
the form of legality and legislative enactment; and as a mere
resolution passed by the House of Representatives alone is
destitute of legal power or efficacy after the said House has
finally adjourned; and as the legal existence of the last
House of Representatives ceased on the 4th day of March,
A. D. 1859; and as the legal power of every member of said
House ceased before the work indicated by said resolution
to be executed was commenced, and no work could be exe-
cuted under said resolution over which it would be possible
for said House to have control; the work could not come
under the control or direction of any of the departments of
Government; authority for this was not given ; and it i3
hardly consistent with prudence and safety to allow public
work to be done by private individuals, on their own re-
sponsibility, and without an appropriation for the same, to
open the public Treasury for the payment of such work ; if
said resolution, by any construction or precedent, possesses
legal power and efficacy, it certainly does not authorize said
superintendent, or any one else, to remove anything from
the Hall of the House of Representatives except the desks
which it then contained, or to make additions or altera-
tions: said resolution merely authorized the superintend-
ent of the Capitol extension to remove the desks and arrange
tlie seats of member- nearer together, and more directly in
front of the Speaker's chair: the cost of this would have
been trifling; the alteration appears to have been meant as
an experiment, which, if it did not suit, would allow the
return of the desks, without any considerable expense or
waste of time j and whereas, instead of the trifling altera-
tion called for by said resolution, it appears that the floor
of the Hall of the House of Representatives has been altered,
the chairs and desks taken out, and new seats furnished at
great expense, and which occupy neaily as much space as
the old desks and chairs; in addition to these seat*, large
and expensive tables are placed m all the vacant spaces
about said Hall; around these tables chairs are placed;
membeis l'oitunate enough to seciuc these chairs are, oi
necessity, further from the Speakei's chair than were any
of the desks as previously arranged; so that neither the let-
ter or intent of said resolution has been carried out :
Resolved, That a special committccof three be appointed
by the Speaker, whose duty it shall be to inquire and report
to this House whether there has been any violation of the
order of this House in the recent alterations in the furniture
of tins Hall; jf so, by whom, and by whose directions;
what cost or expense has been incurred in making such
alterations; whether such cost or expense has been paid;
if so, by whom, and from what fund; and to whom money
has been paid for these alteiations,or in any way expended
therefor; and what workmen have been employed, and
how much has been paid to each. It shall also be the duty
of the committee to inquire into the power and authority
of any one to order any of the furniture to be taken out of
this Hall after the adjournment of the last Congress, or to
oider any portion of the same to be in any way defaced
since the assembling of the present Congress ; the com-
mittee to have power to send for persons and papers, and
to examine witnesses under oath; and that the committee
be directed to report to this House.
Shortly after the reading of the above resolution
was commenced, and before the first line had been
read,
Mr. HOUSTON (interrupting) said; Is that
resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. It is being read for informa-
tion.
Mr. HINDMAN. No one wants it read, ex-
cept the gentleman who offers it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been of-
fered by-the gentleman from New York, and is
being read for information.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to the resolution:
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will ask itthe
resolution has any reference to the seventh regi-
ment of Now York? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it has, I pre-
sume this House is ready to reject it; for that is
a subject we have had here ad nauseam.
Mr. CARTER. I hope the gentleman will re-
serve his eloquence until he hears what the reso-
lution is.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I could, perhaps,
be more eloquent before hearing what the gentle-
man has produced, than after.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to the resolution,
and to its being read. £
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
received, except by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. CARTER. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to offer the resolution; and I ask
that it be read for information.
The resolution was then read, as above.
Mr. CARTER. I move the adoption of the
resolution, and demand the previous question
upon it
The SPEAKER. The question is on suspend-
ing the rules, if the resolution is objected to.
Mr. COX I object to it.
Mr. MILES. I would like the objection to be
withdrawn, in order that I may make a very few
remarks on the preamble to that resolution.
Mr. CARTER. I will withdraw theprevious
question, with the understanding that I shall have
the right to renew it.
The SPEAKER. The question must first be
settled on suspending the rules. The resolution
is not yet before the House.
The question was taken on Mr. Carter's mo-
tion; and the House refused to suspend the rules,
(two thirds not voting in favor thereof.)
the seventh regiment.
Mr. CARTER. I move a suspension of the
rules, to enable me to offer the preamble and res-
olution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BRIGGS. I object.
The following portion of the preamble sent up
by Mr. Carter, was read:
Whereas the following invitation was given to the sev-
enth regiment of citizen soldiers of the city of New York:
To Colonel Lefferts : The committee in charge of the
inauguration of the Washington statue, on the 22d instant,
are urgent for the attendance of your regiment. They can't
do without-you. You will be the principal feature of this
great occasion. You will do honor to yourselves and your
country. Don't fail to come. You will have free quarters
here. I will write you more fully.
JOHN COCHRANE.
Coleman's Eutaw House, Baltimore,
Saturday, February 18, 1860.
My dear Sir: I telegraphed you yesterday from Wash-
ington, at the request ot the joint committee of the Senate
and House, charged with arranging the inauguration of the
statue of Washington on the 22d instant. Every one is de-
snous of the presence of your regiment. It is needless to
say that not only are the coteries of Washington and the
members of the two Houses solicitous, but the President
and his Cabinet, and, not least, are all New Yorkers urgent
that you should be the chief feature of the occasion, to the
honot of oui State and city. If the appropriation had been
sufficient, the committee would have defrayed your travel-
ing expenses. As it is, they will provide you with princely
quarters while in Washington. Let me hear from you at
your earliest convenience; and if you determine to come,
let me know the probable number of men, when you may
be expected, by what conveyance, &c.,that I may have tiie
propei arrangements made tor you.
My opinion is, that you should not suffer this occasion to
pass unimproved, nor any other that identifies your un-
rivaled regiment with the nation and its pride, and gives
you the chief place among the volunteers of the country.
I tell them here that they need entertain no fears about
servile insurrection—that the seventh regiment alone can
quell it, should it arise and their assistance be required.
Please direct to rac in full, at Washington, Willard's
Hotel.
I am truly yours, JOHN COCHRANE.
Colonel Lefferts.
And whereas said regimentvisited this city in pursuance
of such invitation: and whereas the members of said regi-
ment, though having good reason to anticipate a warm aiid
cordial reception, in accordance with the terms of their In-
vitation, were, for some cause, disappointed, and express
much dissatisfaction thereat: and whereas the members
of said regiment, as citizens of the State of New York, ex-
pected to receive some attention from those m whose name
and by whose authority they vvpre invited, being told, in
the words of the invitation, that "they [the committee]
can't do without you; you will be the principal feature of
this great occasion:'' and whereas they weie urged to
come at the solicitation of the coteries of Washington, the
members of the two Houses of Congress, the President, and
his Cabinet; and a^ain,in the language of the invitation,
u not least, are all New Yorkers urgent that you should be
the chief feature of the occasion, to'the honor of our State
and city;" this language, of course, included all the, New
York delegation in the House; and yet, no member of said
delegation except the one who gave the invitation was ad-
vised of it or of any of the arrangements of the committee,
so far as has been ascertained: and whereas the members
of said regiment, believing that they were invited at the
earnest solicitation, especially of the members of this House
from New York, had good reason to feel themselves neg-
lected by said members: and whereas the honoiable mem-
ber who invited the seventh regiment from New York, at
the solicitation of all the departments of the National Gov-
ernment at Washington except the judiciary, was left alone
to entertain the large number composing said regiment, and
to invite them to the President's House on the day of their
departure, where he made a speech in which he might have
informed the regiment why the other members of the New
York delegation were not present, and thus have prevented
the imputation uj>on said delegation as contained in the
following extract from the Commercial Advertiser of the
city of New York of February 27:
"Now, a word as to our treatment while in Washington.
We were shabbily treated throughout. Our officers were
not decently received, and the men seemed to have been
sent for on a speculation. Some of the established charges
were as follows: white thread gloves, fifty cents; pantaloons
brushed, fifty cents ; everything else iri proportion. The
resident New Yorkers were in a towering passion, and the
Army officers deeply sympathized with us. Personal allu-
sions I will not make, but the New York delegation have
lost caste with a body of men who are gentlemen in their
feelings and gentlemen by birth, who would have felt and
would have deeply appreciated any kindnesses shown to
them. But we are under obligations to ourselves for any
sport we have had, and not to congressional committees."
During the reading of the above, the following
proceedings took place:
Mr. BRIGGS. I object to the reading.
Mr. REAGAN. I object to a stump speech
in the form of a resolution. We have had one
already.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has moved a suspension of the rules, and
the resolution must be read, or the House can
never understand it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, if the House does
not want to understand it, I should like to know
how the resolution can be brought in ?
The SPEAKER. The House must know what
it is voting on.
Mr. RARKSDALE. Has the gentleman from
New York a right to the floor to offer more than
one resolution at a time ? He has already offered
one resolution.
The SPEAKER. He moves a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. BARKSDALE. One gentleman might
keep the floor the whole day, under that System.
The SPEAKER. That might be.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I doubt very much
whether he is entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
motion to suspend the rules is properly before the
House.
Mr. JONES. I move to lay the motion to sus-
pend the rules upon the table.
Mr. CARTER. It is too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not consider
that motion in order.
Mr. HINDMAN. Let us have the resolution
read, and get through with this matter at once in
the shortest way.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must be read;
and the House will decide whether they will re-
ceive it or not.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have one word to say upon
this subject. I understand that these resolutions
are in relation to the seventh regiment of New
York. I have no objection, so far as I am con-
cerned, to discuss this matter, but it will lead to
a general-discussion; and I wish to say that the
chairman of the committee to make arrangements
for the inauguration of the Washington statue is
not here, and he wishes to be heard upon the sub-
jeet.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. It
is, that, on a motion to suspend the rules, no debate
is ia order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope we shall observe
the rules.
The reading was resumed; but was again in-
terrupted by
Mr. BRANCH, who said: I rise to a point of
order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the reading
may not be interrupted. It is the best reading I
have listened to these many days. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. I object to the reading of let-
ters from a member of this House to gentlemen
elsewhere, unless that member is to be permitted
to reply to them; and I make the point of order
now, that, unless the writer of those letters is to
be permitted to reply to them, they cannot be
read.
Mr. CARTER. Do I understand that my col-
league wants to reply to his own letters?
Mr. BRANCH. " Explain,5is the word that I
will substitute for " reply to."
