moo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
further discussion is intended, I must move that
the committee rise, so as to close debate.
Mr. BONHAM. I wish to say a single word
-only upon this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. BONHAM. This amendment proposes
only a very small increase to the annual expense
of the Army, and I submit it to any fair-minded
man whether they do not suppose that, if these
additional surgeons are'absolutely needed, we arc
not losing more for the want of medical nttend-
ence, and losing more by the necessity of procur-
ing citizen surgeons, than these additional officers
will cost? There are posts where they have to
send one and two hundred miles distance to pro-
cure the services of a citizen surgeon, who has
to leave his post and go to these forts at a very
large expense. I hope the Senate amendment will
be adopted.
The amendment of Mr. Lovejoy was not agreed
to.
The question recurred on concurring with the
Senate amendment.
Mr. PHELPS called f«r tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Florence were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 56.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, ©f Maryland. I wish to ask the
permission of the House to consider all the amend-
ments, from fourteen to forty-six inclusive, to-
gether.
The SPEAKER. As they are all embraced in
one section, it will be proper so to consider them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The reason why
it is especially desirable to do so is, that before
this bill came from the Senate we had ourselves
passed a fortification bill covering the items which
the Senate have sent back to us as a part of this
bill. There is a variation, and some of the ap-
propriations as made by the House have been
raised. 1 presume that the sense of the House
as expressed before may bo taken as the sense
of the House now; and I nsk the House to non-
concur in the whole amendment.
No objection being made, all the amendments
were considered together. The amendments from
fourteen to forty-six inclusive were read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 3. And be it further cnactnl. That following
sums be, and they arc Iiorohy, nfipioprinterf out ot any
money in iho Trea«urynol othcnvi-o appropriated, for the
following fortifications:
Fort Montgomery, Lake Champlnin, New York, #20,000.
Fort Knox, Penobscot hay, Maine,
Fort on Hog island Lodge, Poitlami iiarbor, Maine,
$50,000.
Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor, Massachusetts $10,000.
Fort at the entrance ot' Now liedfoul iiarbor, Massachu-
setts, <$25,000.
Fort Adams. Newport harbor, Rhndti Island, $5,000.
Fort Richmond, tttaten I Maud. New York, $1.),01)0.
Fort on the &ito of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island, New
York, $50,000.
Additional batteries at Fort Hamilton, at the Narrows,
New York, .$100,000.
Fort Carroll, iJahimore harbor, Maivland, #100,000.
Fort Delaware, Delaware river, §*5,000
Fort Monroe, Hampton Road-, Virginia, $5,000.
Artesian well at Foit Monroe,,$6,000.
Repairing Government budge over Mill creek, near Fort
Monroe, $500.
Foit Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, $100,000.
Preservation of the site of I<'ort Macon, Beaufort, North
Carolina, $10,000.
Repairs ot Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor, South Car-
olina, $8,500.
Fort Clinch, Amelia island, Florida, $50,000.
Fort Taylor, Key Wet, Fioiida, #100,000.
Foit Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, $100,000.
Fort MeRae, and presctvatton of silo, Pensacola, Flor-
ida, #25,000.
Fort Garner, Uauphin island, Mobile bay, Alabama,
$30,000.
Fortifications on tfhip island,enanot'Missis<«ippL§30,000.
Fort Pike, at the Rigolet Pass, Louisiana, #1,000.
Fort Macomb, Chef Memeur Pa>s. Louisiana, #1.000.
Battery Bienvemte, Louisiana, $'3,000.
Fort Jackson, on Mississippi liver, £10,009
Fort St. Philip, on Mississippi river, #15.000.
Fortifications for defense of entrance into Galveston har-
bor, $25,000.
Fort at Fort Point, San Francisco, including outworks;,
#50.000.
Fort at Alcatraz island, San Francisco bay, California,
#50,000.
Repairs and alterations of barracks, quarter?, hospitals,
xtr/re-rooms, and fences at the permanent ioits not occu-
pied by troop?, #10,000.
Contingent expenses of fortifications, preservation of
sites, protection of uties, and repair of sudden damage,
$30,000.
Mr. WHITELEY. I offer an amendment to
increase the appropriation $5,000. It is true, as
the gentleman from Maryland has said, that the
day before the bill came to us from the Senate we
passed a fortification hill. But, sir, the Senate
amendment embraces all the fortifications of the
country. I put it to the committee, as a mere
matter of economy, whether it would not bo bet-
ter for the Government to go on and complete the
fortifications which they have under way than
to make miserable paltry appropriations year after
year, which do not enable the officers m charge
to do anything more than protect them from the
weather? There is one fortification of which I
have a peculiar knowledge, as I live alongside of
it, that has cost the Government between eight
and nine hundred thousand dollars, and an appro-
priation of $150,000 would complete it. Is it not
the part of economy for this Government to ap-
propriate .that amount at once, or give half the
sum this year and half next year, and have that
fortification put in a good state of defense? It is
so, 1 take it, in regard" to all the fortifications* enu-
merated in the Senate amendment. The fortifica-
tion bill which we passed the other day appro-
priates $700,000. This amendment of the Senate
appropriates only about a million dollars.
Mr. CURTIS. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken. The Senate amendment amounts to
$3,200,000.
Mr. WHITELEY. Well, lot us call it a mil-
lion, and there is only a difference of three or four
hundred thousand dollars between it and the for-
tification bill which we passed. That sum would
complete your fortifications, on which you have
spent some fifty million dollars; and yet, for that
miserable sum of $300,000, you would let them
go to wreck and ruin.
Mr. PERRY. I am opposed to theamendment
offered by the gentleman from Delaware. We
have a committee of this House which has re-
ported a fortification bill, and recommended the
appropriation of such sums as, in their judgment,
ought to he appropriated by Congress for this
purpose. That bill has passed this House. We
now, sir, have an amendment coming to us from
the Senate, proposing to appropriate a much
larger sum, hitched on to another bill. I do not
make my figures correspond precisely with those
of the gentleman from Delaware. As I figure up,
the fortification hill that passed this House ap-
propriates only $600,000, whereas ihe sums pro-
posed in this amendment of the Senate amount to
$1,200,000. As I look upon the scheme, it is a
sort of log-rolling concern, font makesappropri-
ations for thirty-one fortifications in sixteen States
of the Union. It is, substantially, a proposition to
"scratch my back and I will tickle your elbow."
It makes an appropriation for the State which I,
in part, represent; but my State is suitably pro-
vided for m the fortification bill, and I am willing
to take the responsibility of voting against the
whole concern. I do not want these vast appro-
priations to be expended atthis time. The coun-
try does not need them. Wo are at peace with
our neighbors, the whole wotld, and the rest of
mankind. (Laughter.] We have no need for
these appropriations. It is a mere lavish expend-
iture of money, to be put into the pockets of con-
tiacfors, and I am against the whole concern.
Mr. WHITELEY. I will, with the gentle-
man's consent, move to strike out the appropri-
ation for Penobscot, Maine.
Mr. PERRY. 1 am very much obliged to the
gentleman. 1 prefer the Maine appropriations to
take their chance with the others. But, Mr. Chair-
man, I have another point of opposition to this
system of legislation. We, sir, in originating an
appropriation bill, which we have, by the Constitu-
tion, the right to do, make appropriations which
wc behove to be right. The bill goe.s to the Sen-
ate and comes back loaded down with amend-
ments, and then it goes to a committee of confer-
ence. That committee of conference agrees to
some compromise, and then the whole thing is
smuggled through Congress, without being read,
considered, or debated. Sir, it is due to the char-
acter and dignity of the House that we stand to
what wc believe to be right. If we are told that
out action m rejecting the Senate amendments will
kill the bill, let it be so. I never will vote for ap-
propriation bills loaded down with amendments
from the Senate which I believe to be wrong, and
which ought not to be incorporated into the bill.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment*
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend by increasing
theamountono dollar, Mr. Chairman, the House,
theotherday, passed a bill making certain appro-
priations for variousfortifications—in New York,
two; in Maine, one; and all of the others, I be-
lieve, in the southern portion of the country—in
Delaware,Maryland,and Virginia,four; in North
Carolina, one; in South Carolina, one; in Flor-
ida, four; and in California, two. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I should like to know if there is any
good reason why the fortifications that have been
commenced at Boston and at New Bedford should
not be continued.
Mr. WHITELEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him? There are nine appropria-
tions made for northern States. Besides, the for-
tifications there wore placed in a complete state
of defense a year ago.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman includes Califor-
nia among the northern States.
Mr. WHITELEY. No; the first nine appro-
priations are for northern States.
Mr. ELIOT. No matter about that. That is
not the point I desired to make. In running over
very rapidly the appropriations made by the
House the other day, it struck me that there was
a great disproportion between the two sections of
the country; but that isof no sortof consequence.
What I want to call the attention of the commit-
tee to is this: that here are, at various points, for-
tifications where the work has been commenced;
where contracts have been made and workmen
employed; where materials have been accumu-
1 Ued and arc ready for use; and it is only neces-
sary that the proper appropiiations should be
made.
Now, there arc two policies, cither of which
may be pursued. It may be that wc ought to dis-
continue all these works entirely. If that be so,
let it be so. If it be the policy of the Govern-
ment to abandon the fortifications which have
been commenced, to throw away the money which
has been expended, to give up the work which
has been done, and to pay the damages which the
non-fulfillment of contracts will expose them to,
let it be so; but I want to know if that is the policy
recommended here by the Committee of Ways
and Means. If it ig not, I want to know why it
is that certain fortifications have been singled out
over the country which have been partially pro-
vided for, and others have been wholly omitted.
Now, in regard to the work concerning which
I have offered an amendment, I know very "well
that that work is now in progress; that it has pro-
ceeded to a certain point; that there are workmen
now engaged on it; that theic are materials and
preparations made for continuing the work; and
that it is impossible to £0 on, unless means be
provided for going on. Why shall not these means
be piovided? Mr. Chairman, is it or is it not
prudent, economical, wise, statesmanlike policy
to abandon works which have been commenced,
or should we not rather carry them properly on
to their consummation ? It seems to me that the
work must be either done or permanently given
up. If it is to be done, I suggest to the commit-
tee that when the money is called for, when it is
fairly wanted, then is the time for the appropri-
ation, and it should not be postpone d until more
than the amount now asked for will be needed to
do the work which now demands to be done. I
should like to know if there is any good reason
| why the appropriation is refused by the conimit-
j tee for this fortification; any reason which scpa-
I rates this case from cases which have been pro-
vided for by the committee.
1 Mr. STANTON. Thcsp are Senate amend-
ments, and the committee had nothing to do with
the matter.
Mr. ELIOT. These are Senate amendments,
and, as I understand, the committee propose to
non-concur. What I want to know is, why that
is done.
[Here the hammer frll.]
Mr. STANTON. When these amendments
were before the Committee on Military Affairs,
we made up our mmds at once not to go into de-
tails at all, or to consider these appropriations for
fortifications separately. The House has already
passed a fortification bill. If the Senate is not
satisfied with the amount appropriated in that bill,
let them add to it by amendments to the bill which
