1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIM
are those which are proclaimed and acted upon
by it. Organization, let me tell the gentleman, is
but the means by which those principles are sought
to be made predominant. Principles are eternal,
are fundamental in their character, and cannot
change. Organization is the means, and only the
means, by which those principles are to be carried
into effect. In the policy of a great party differ-
ences may sometimes arise. Differences have
sometimes arisen in the Democratic party, as with
every other party, upon questions of great national
policy. On the Kansas policy of theGovernment,
the most unhappy differences of opinion existed.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, will the gentle-
man inform me what important political issues
other than those relating to the admission ot
States arose in the last Congress ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let me go on, and
the gentleman will get his answer. I said that
differences have existed in the Democratic party
as they have existed in every party. How has
the great Democratic party been in the habit of
treating those differences of opinion ? With tol-
eration. They have laid down in their creed, the
great religious principle, I think, of one of the
Roman fathers—St. Augustine it may be—that in
non-essentials there shall bo liberty, inessentials
unity, in all things charity. That is a beautiful
system, a beautiful system of political rule and
action, one that will bring brethren together who,
from the force of temporary measures, are es-
tranged from each other. Now, sir, in this par-
ticular case, and in reference to the gentleman
from New York, there was a difference. He dif-
fered with the great Domocraticparty. 1 pray him
to remember that I consider it as disparaging to
this House to talk of an Administration party. 1
do not know of such a party", perse. I do not know
the Executive as a party organization, except as
the representative of principle and policies. I
speak of the Democratic party; not of the Admin-
istration party. The nominee of the Democratic
caucus of this House was not nominated because
he may or may not be an Administration man,
but because be is a life-time, an honored Demo-
crat. That is what I understand was the fact,
and is the fact. We, as the Democratic party,
arc laboring to carry out a Democratic policy,
and seeking the organization of this House as
the means of giving ascendency to our principles
and of carrying out a policy such as those prin-
ciples demand.
The honorable gentleman from New York dif-
fered wiih the Democratic party. I do not say
with the Administration. The Administration
but speaks the sentiments of the party in its ag-
gregation. He differed with the Democratic party
and, when he went home, he put himself before
the wealthy community of the Fifth avenue, Dr.
Cheever and alL 1 believe Dr. Cheevcr is the
gentleman's pastor. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am not a mem-
ber of Dr. Cheever's church, nor one of his con-
gregation. He resides, I think, in my district.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought he did.
Well, sir, tlie gentleman went home to his fellow
citizens, and, said he, "1 differed with the Ad-
ministration upon its Kansas policy; I differed
with the great Democratic party upon this Kan-
sas policy. 1 could not sustain that policy; and
I feel it my duty to ask you to sustain me in my
opposition to that policy." Was not that about
what you said to your constituents ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. There were other
differences of opinion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, well; just
answer that.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That was the
substance of what I said so far as Kansas was
concerned.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That was his po-
sition. Very well. The people sustained him
in that position. He, all the time, cried out, " I
belong to the great Democratic party. I adhere
to its principles of strict construction, as the
means of preserving the Union and carrying on
the Government."
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Asto the ques-
tion of slavery in the Territories, I declared that
I stood upon the platform of the Democratic party,
as I understood it, and as I think you under-
stood it, in 1856.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. On that subject, at
the proper time, I will, perhaps, splinter a lance
with the gentleman. I am dealing with a particr
ular fact, and I do not want it obscured or obfus-
cated by the interposition of collateral matters.
The question is, what was the position of the
gentleman when he went home ? Did he say that
he was no longer a Democrat? No; he shakes
his head. Then he was still a Democrat. He
appealed to that proud constituency—and justly
proud, for it is a great city—for their suffrages,
and the people sustained him. I do not quarrel
with the people for that, or with the gentleman
for that. We have a number of gentlemen on
this floor who occupied that position at home,
but when they came here, finding the Kansas
question, which divided the party, dead and
buried, and no longer a living issue—what do we
see? Why, some of them, m a spirit of sincere
devotion to the party, come up and cooperate
with their brethren in securing the ascendency of
the great Democratic party, and of preventing the
ascendency of the Black Republicans; while others
hang off, and because they are dissatisfied upon
this past issue, because they differed upon this
bygone question, give aid and comfort to our op-
Eonents. A portion of the Democracy—the anti-
iecompton Democracy—unexpectedly to me, I
confess, have come here and manfully taken their
stand with the party, and I honor them for it from
my soul. I can carry out, with all my heart,
that principle of action to which I have reforred,
and I do judge men—thank God! I am able to do
it—in a spirit of charity.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wish to ask
the gentleman a question. If the people of the
North should combine as a sectional party, if you
please, in opposition to a sectional party combined
at the South in respect of slavery, and carry the
presidential election in I860, would the gentleman
from Virginia deem that success justifiable cause
for an attempt to dissolve this Union ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Whenever a com-
bination of a majority is formed for the purpose
of warring upon the Constitution and the rights
of the weaker section of the Union, then I am out
of it. [Applause from the Democratic benches
and in the galleries.]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. So am I; but that
is not an answer to my question. I ask whether,
if a President of the United States be elected either
by the South or the North, I care not which  
Mr. KEITT. The South cannot; she has not
votes enough. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK,ofNewYork. The principleis
the same. Suppose, I say, that a President of
the United States should be elected by one section
of the Union who was unsatisfactory to the other,
will the gentleman from Virginia, speaking the
sentiments of his constituents, dare to say that lie
would regard that as just ground for an attempt to
dissolve the Union ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Why, sir, I think
that we already have enough living questions to
deal with.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Would the gen-
tleman conceive the result of such an election a
justification for an attempt to dissolve the Union,
in advance of any trampling upon the constitu-
tional rights of the South ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would -remind
the gentleman from New York that we are told
in the Good Book that no man can tell what a
day will bring forth; and that he is a poor reader
of the Good Book, if he propounds a question to
a politician in order to ascertain what he will do
in a future contingency that may, and I believe,
never will happen. Let us settle our own mat-
ters. I desire to repeat what I understand to be
the position of the gentleman from New York.
He came here last Congress a Democrat. He
differed with his Democratic friends upon the
Kansas policy. He went home and appealed to
his people, and they sustained him. Now, that
the Kansas question has passed away, will the
gentleman redeem his pledge to his people that he
was a Democrat?
Mr. CLA RK, of New York. My constituents
would never sustain me if I should have political
consort with men who, in the event that any par-
ticular person. I care not who, should be elected
President of the United States, would, without
waiting for some overt act of outrage—for some
clear and gross violation of the constitutional
rights of the South—deem thatofitself justgiound
for an attempt to dissolve the Union! I should
be ashamed to go heme, if J had even .voted with
any organisation of men in Congress who would
not hesitate—as I think my friend would,.(for I
have sever doubted his Rationality)—upon s^«h a
pretext to attempt to destroy this Goverome«t. .
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, The gentleman
really tries" very hard to get rid of the necessity
of dealing with his present position. .Does the
gentleman mean to act with the Democratic party
or the Republicans ? Let us have an answer to
that question?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will answer it.
Mr. SMITH., of Virginia. Stay yes or no; and
do not give us another speech.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Well, sir, I will
simply say that I cannot exactly find put where tta?
Democratic party is. I have looked for H upon
the Cincinnati platform, and it is not there. [Ap-
plause and laughter.] Now, I intend to act with
any party in this House wliich is determined to
uphold the Constitution in all its guaranties, aad
to trample upon no right, North or South. I in-
tend, so far as m me lies, to exercise my discre-
tion, my intellect, if I have any, and my con -
science, if I have any, upon any measure which
may come before the House. Sir, I care nothing
about political parties. I intend to give the votes
which I think right. As for the mere matter of
organization, I care nothing about it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Be short, if you
please.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I found myself
compelled, during much of the last Congress, to
act with the Republican party; because, upon the
question of Kansas, upon the question of the ad-
mission of new States, which is, after all, the
most important political question now before the
country, I found that they voted right. When-
ever a question arises where my honorable friend
| and myself can stand together in defense of every
one of the constitutional rights of the South, I as-
sure him that he will find me at his side. I hope
my friend will now answer explicitly the question
I put to him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. One thing at a time.
I understand, then, that the gentleman from New
York has found the constitutional party in the
Black Republican party. It must be either the
Democratic or the Republican party. He tells us
that he acted with the Black Republicans during
the last session.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. On certain lead-
ing issues.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. From the charac-
ter of the gentleman's remarks, I clearly see,
then, that he regards the Republican party as the
great national, Constitution-loving party of this
country.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I have not said
so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is the infer-
ence from the gentleman's remarks. But if you
did not say so, do you mean to act so ? [Laughter.]
One word, sir, now, in reference to my position
on the subject of the Union. It has been my for-
tune to occupy, in many respects, highly disputed
ground. I have taken the ground, since the ses-
sion of 1854, when I saw the developments in this
Hall, that it was a great national, social necessity
that the Soptli should present itself as a unit, not
only as the means of preserving the Union but of
preserving itself. That is the ground I oecupy.
If we were a unit we could rally around ourselves
the conservative men of the North and say to
them: Here, we put in our one hundred and
twenty votes, and cannot you, the conservative
men of the North, give us enough besides to en-
able us to secure a healthy ascendency for carry-
ing out constitutional provisions. If we do this,
an indignant world, when it demands the cause
for the great calamity of a dissolution of this
Union, cannot point to us and say, as did Mac-
beth to Banquo s ghost,
" Thou ean'st not say 1 did it."
I have invoked unity in the South in support of
no sectional position; I invoke union in the South
in support of the Constitution and its compro-
mises. The idea is, that there is unity in the
South, and therefore it is sectional. It is the high,
I impulsive patriotism of a great section of the
I Union rallying to the support of the Constitution,
1 manifestly determined to support the Union so
| long as it is preserved in conformity to the terms
I of that national compaet. That is the position I
