1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will be considered by ihc Senate at some time be-
fore its adjournment, for the Senate always takes
up and considers a private bill that comes from
tlie House of Representatives. If it was a Senate
bill, there might be some urgency for taking it up
and passing it now, so that it might go to the
House of Representatives and be there considered
during the session; but if it has already passed
the House, it is now 011 our Calendar, and it is
moved to take it up out of its order, to give it a
preference over all the other cases on the Calen-
dar, when there is 110 sort of urgency for so doing.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator forgets that it was
taken up yesterday, and is now the unfinished
business, and the Senator from Delaware knew it.
If he had gone away for a day, I would not ob-
ject to a postponement for that time, to accommo-
date him; but he has gone home, for aught we
know for a month, when he knew that the bill
was the unfinished business of the Senate yester-
day. ,
Mr. IYERSON. I do not undersjand that it
is the unfinished business of the Senate. The
homestead bill is the unfinished business.
Mr. PUGH. This is the unfinished business
of the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary in-
forms the Chair that the bill was postponed, on
motion, until to-day.
Mr. PUGH. It was cut off by the special or-
der coming up.
Mr. IVERSON. It does not come up in the
morning hour under, the postponement, unless
the Senate so order; because reports and petitions
are first in order, and we have not yet received
them.
Mr. WADE. This joint resolution was only
postponed yesterday inconsequence of one o'clock
arriving, when we proceeded to other business.
Mr. iVERSON. Well, sir, I object to its con-
sideration at this time for another reason. I de-
sire to look into the papers, and I have not had
time to do so, and I trust the Senate will not force
the consideration of this claim until I have had
an opportunity of examining it. I want to be
satisfied whether it is correct or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that the consideration of
this joint resolution was cut off by the expiration
of the niornmg hour yesterday. The Chair, if
110 motion had been made, would therefore have
called it up, when petitions reports were
through, as the unfinished business of the morn-
ing hour; but it is in order now, upon motion, to
take it up, before petitions and reports are re-
ceived.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to present a me-
morial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion before
the Senate is to take up this joint resolution. Does
the Senator from Ohio withdraw that motion?
Mr. WADE. I do not like to do that; but I
will consult to the petition being received with-
out displacing the joint resolution.
Mr. FESSEND'EN. I will wait
Mr GREEN. When this joint resolution was
considered before the Committee 011 the Judiciary,
it was in the absence of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. PuGH,j who understood all the facts. There
was no formal decision agamst it; but there was
an informal decision. When, however, he came
and presented all the facts to the committee, they
were unanimous in its favor, with the exception
of the chairman, the honorable Senator from Del-
aware. This, so far as the action of the com-
mittee is concerned, is proper to be understood by
the Senate. The case is plain and simple, ltdoes
not require time for examination. The claim is
just and proper in itself. I think, therefore, we
liad better pass it and not postpone it unnecessa-
rily. I may add one word which was not uttered
by the Senator from Ohio, and that is, that, ac-
cording to my recollection of the facts, this attor-
ney was not only employed, he not only rendered
service, but he absolutely went from home, neg-
lecting his other business, losing his other pro-
fessional services, in order to serve the Govern-
ment;and that the Governmcntavailed itself ofhis
services., of his time, and ofhis money; and now
the question is, whether we shall pay him or not.
1 think it too plain and simple to enlarge on it by
way of argument. '
The motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to;_and
the Senate resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 15) for the relief of Thomas
C. Ware.
Mr, POWELL. As one of the Committee on
the Judiciary that reported this claim, I will state
to the Senate that I think it a most meritorious
one. It is clearly proved that Mr. Ware was
employed by the district attorney for the United
States, and that he was engaged more than twelve
months., and rendered very valuable and import-
ant services in the prosecution of these parties.
The only objection to the claim that I have is that
I do not think the fee charged is more than half
large enough. I do not believe a more meritori-
ous claim-has ever been presented to the Senate.
Mr. Stanbery, the lawyer who was employed to
assist the attorney of the United States after-
wards, states that he would have charged a much
larger fee than he did, but for the fact that Mr.
Ware was engaged and rendered the very im-
portant services he did. I hope the joint resolu-
tion will pass.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only one objection to
this joint resolution, and that is, that I think this
gentleman has rather lowered the character 0/ the
profession by the smallness of his fee for the ser-
vices he rendered. That is all I have to say.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not care about reentering
into the argument of this case, but all the. Sen-
ators were not present when it was considered
yesterday. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ask the Senator from Georgia to pause until the
confusion in the Chamber ceases. The Senators
will be good enough to come to order.
Mr. IVERSON. As I perceive that the Senator
from Delaware, who desired to discuss this case,
is now present—I thought he had gom- home—I
yield the floor to him, and trust he will give an
explanation of the case.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 do not purpose to detain the
Senate long, for the ground of difference of opin-
ion between myself and the majority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is a very narrow one. I
will state the facts as they are disclosed by the
papers. In the year 1853, what is called the
Martha Washington case arose. Mr. Ware, on.
the preliminary examination, was employed by
an'individual to attend to it on his behalf, for very
large interests supposed to be concerned in pun-
ishing an extended conspiracy. That, according
to the proof m the papers, was the end of any
individual employment in the case; but becom-
ing conversant with the facts in this preliminary
examination before the commitment, and a new
district attorney being appointed in the spring of
1833—that district attorney who has given rise,
by his conduct, to the whole difficulty—and he,
being ignorant of the facts, or desiring to have his
labors shared by otheis, lequcsted Mr. Ware to
remain and act in the case with him. That dis-
trict attorney communicated to the Government a
desire to have additional counsel, because the ease
was one of great importance, and eminent talent
was engaged for the defense, and because it was
a case that required great labor, both in the col-
lection of testimony and the trial of the cause.
He named to the Department Mr. Stanbery as
the proper person to be associated with him, and
whom he desired to associate with him. Oh this
application, the head of the Interior Department,
Mr. McClelland, agreed to appoint additional
counsel under the authority conferred upon him
by law, and Mr. Stanbery was accordingly ap-
pointed, under an agreement made with the De-
partment that he should receive, as a compensa-
tion for his services, such sum as should be fixed
by Judge McLean, before whom the case was to
be tried. That sum, after the trial, was ascer-
tained by Judge McLean, and was paid to Mr.
Stanbery. *
During this period of time, Mr. Ware, it ap-
pears from the proof, was kept employed as coun-
sel on the part of the Government by this district
attorney, aiding him in Ins researches, in getting
testimony, and also took part in the trial of the
cause; but whether he took part in the argument
I do not knowt it is immaterial. It is proved that
he took part in the trial of the cause; but at that
time the Government had no knowledge that any
other person besides the district attorney was con-
cerned on their part, with the exception of Mi.
Stanbery. So far from it, in a letter written to
N Mr. McClelland on the 15th of October, a few days
before the commencement of the trial, this dis-
trict attorney .informed' him that .the only counsel
in the case on the part'of the Government were
Mr. Stanbery and himself.
The cause was tried and disposed-of. In 1856,
three years after the disposition of the case, for
the first time, the district attorney gave a written
statement to Mr. Ware thathe had rendered these
services to. the Government, and that he ought to
be paid for them; and in 1857, for the firstHime,
either just after his term of office had expired'/'dr
just before it expired—it is immaterial which, biit
1 think it was just after—the claim was presented
to the Government by an agent of Mr. Ware.
This was the first knowledge the Department had
ofhis being .employed inthecagc, or rendering
service in the case in behalf of the Government in
any way whatever. It was presented to Mr.
McClelland while he was still in office; and as he
gave a written answer to that application.* which
is not very long, perhaps it would be as well that
that should be read now to the Senate. It gives
the facts very succinctly. The matter was acted
upon by two Secretaries. 1 will read the answer
of Mr. McClelland, the Secretary of the Interior,
to the application when it was first made.
Mr. PUGH. There is no dispute about the
facts the Senator states, and I do not think- tho
letter material.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that; but Ithink
it had better be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Foot in
the chair.) The letter will be read.
Mr. BAYARD. I will road it myself; -it will
answer the same purpose. The answer of Mr.
McClelland is dated February 18, 1857. The
application was made to him by Mr. Norton on
the 10th of February, 1857, as the agent of Mr.
Ware. That was the first knowledge that the
Department had of the matter. Here is the an-
swer:
" Sir : I have considered the claim of Thomas C. Ware,
Esq.. filed m tins Department by you on the 10th instant,
for services as attorney and counsel, rendcied by request
of D. O. Norton, Esq., United States attorney, in October,
1853, in the case of the United States rs. Lyman Cole and
others, and for which Mr. Ware makes a charge of $1,000."
It is now fl,500. I will explain how that
arose presently.
Mr. PUGH. I suppose the Senator under-
stands that Mr. Norton made that changc in the
amount without authority.
Mr. EAYARD. I said I would explain how
that arose. I do not desire to do the slightest
injustice to Mr. Ware. I admit that he performed
important servicc; but with me this is a matter of
principle.
Mr. PUGH. I hops the Senator will also state
to the Senate, in order that they may understand
it, that there was no difference of opinion in the
committee as to the value of the services.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state the facts exactly
as they appear. I will do no injustice to him in
any way; because he has been badly treated, not
by the Government, but by the man in whom he
confided. I will continue the reading of the an-
swer of the Secretary of the Interior;
"The facts upon which this claim is based are these :
Cole, Kissane. and others, were indicted, by the circuit
court of tl)C 'United States for tlie district of Ohio, for
a conspiracy to burn the steamer Martha Washington,
theretotorc plying on the Ohio river, with intent to deiraud
the underwriter.' The proceeding was a very important
one in its various phases, involving not only tlie public
justice, but extensive private interests; and as the trial was
about to be brought 011 in April, 18o3, Mr. Norton, who bad
tben been recently commissioned as the United States at
torney lor that district, represented to me, in a letter bear-
ing date on the 23d of that month, that he felt himself en-
tirely unable to conduct the prosecution alone, against tile
array ol'eminent counsel employed on the part 01 the de-
fense,and asked that additional counsel be employed to aid
him ; and as Henry Stanbery, Esq., had appeared 111 a lor-
iner stage of tlie proceeding, and was well acquainted with
the facts, it was urged by Mr. Norton that Mr. Stanbeiy
be employed as such counsel, at a compensation such as
Jud e McLean would ceitify to lie reasonable. A dispatch
was" received, bv telegraph, from Mr. Norton, a few days
afterwards, to the same efl'ect, and on the 29th of that month
District Attorney Norton was authorized to engage the
services of Mr. Stanbery 011 the terms pioposed.
" Mr. Stanbery was employed, icndPtrd the service, and
was afterwards paid the sum certified to be reasonable by
Judge McLean as a full compensation for his services.
" It is true, that the act of 1£53 (vol. 10 Stat, at Large,
page 163) authonzes payment ' for tlie services of counsel,
rendered at the request of the bead of a Department, such .
sum as may be stipulated or agreed upon.' But tins Is the
only provision of law authorizing the employment ot ad-
ditional counsel; and I have invariably construed this pro-
vision as conferring the authority in those cases only
where such counsel has been employed, and the compen-
sation agreed upon, previous to the rendition of the serviee.
