94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
occupy. I will not undertake here to assert that
the election of any particular man to the Pres-
idency, of itself, would induce me at once to go
in for a dissolution of tfcis great Confederacy of
ours. No, sir; I will not say any such thing.
" Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
But, sir,-is the patriotic and Union-loving gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Clark,] who v/as
himself, let it be remembered, elected as a Dem-
ocrat, going to throw off the pledge implied in
that declaration of his to his constituents, and
throw off all his friends, because, forsooth, he
did happen to differ in the last Congress with that
great party upon its Kansas policy? Can he do
it? Is it in his heart to do it? Can he go over to
men whom he has spat upon ixi former uays, and
whose principles have certainly not been im-
proved, m my conception, by age and practice?
The gentleman from Pennsylv ama, [Mr. Hick-
man,] of course, has the right to do hi<5 pleasure;
but let us call a spade a spade: 1st him come up
square to the scratch and do the work and end it;
and not, under the pretense of the necessity to
organize the House, interpose an unconstitutional
proposition—as his is in my opinion. I say this
House has no right to let a minority organize it.
We know very well that certain gentlemen of this
House mean to go over and vote for Mr.. Sher-
man, when it becomes necessary. Let them go
over at once. Go over, gentlemen, and do your
work like men. Vote for a Black Republican, if
you please. You have the right- to do so. You
represent constituencies that approve or disap-
prove of it, and they will settle tin; question. Hut
do not let us have this false pretense.
My purpose was to make but a few remarks in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Clark]
drew me a little off the track to deal with his
positions. The country understands it, in my
opinion, and I um perfectly willing to leave the
matter to them and to tins House.
Mr. CURRY obtained the floor, and said: If
further debate is m order, 1 will yield with great
pleasure to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] if he desires to address the House.
Mr. STANTON. Go on yourself.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Ohio had
the floor before the motion to correct the Journal
was made; but 1 would impure whether that mo-
tion is  j>t the first question before the House?
The CLERK. The motion to correct the Jour-
nal is a privileged motion, and one which must
be determined by the House.
Mr. CURRY. There are occasions, Mr. Clerk,
when a whole people, like an individual, hold
their breath in suspense, anxiously awaiting the
issue of events. There are critical periods, which
like night, intervene between successive days,
and mark the destiny and the history of a people.
The excitement prevailing in the public mind
throughout this country, the manifestation of in-
terest both here and elsewhere, admonish us that
this, perhaps, is such an occasion. Nor does this
excitement and this profound agitation of the
public mind arise from the simple question of the
organization of this House, nor from the publi-
cation and circulation of an incendiary pamphlet;
nor, sir, except in a modified degree, from the
murderous incursion which was recently made
into the Commonwealth of Virginia. These are
but scenes in the act of a general drama, incidents
of principles, the revelations, more or less shad-
owed, of a purpose. The real cause of the agita-
tion in the public mind, the radix of the excite-
ment, is the anti-slavery sentiment of the North;
the conviction that property in man is a sin and
a crime; that the African is the equal of the white
man; that he is a citizen of the United States, and
that he is entitled to the privileges and immuni-
ties of other citizens; and throw over it whatever
disguises we may, and whatever may be the im-
mediate action superinducing this question, here
is the secret of the agitation and here is the cause
of our differences. This is the general classifi-
cation, in which there are modifications of opinion
and gradations of sentiment; perhaps, m the one
extreme, in the maximum, in William Lloyd
Garrison; and in the other, perhaps, in the mini-
mum, in the distinguished Representative from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] who addressed us the other
day. In the exercise of that charity which re-
joiceth in the truth, I do not propose to hold the
.Republican party responsible for the excesses
which have been committed by all men holding
anti-slavery opinions. I do not propose to charge
any personal complicity with John Brown, be-
cause from the bottom of my heart I do acquit
them from all connection with that raid which
was made into Virginia.
I go further, and say, that I will accept the plea
which has been interposed by your attorney on
record and your spokesman, and will allow the
mantle ofignorance to coveryour recommendation
of an incendiary pamphlet. I propose, if I can, to
follow the example set me by the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwiw,] and so far as
as I am able with my limited capacity, to rise to
the height of this great argument and treat it as
a philosopher, a statesman, and a citizen of a com-
mon coun:ry.
The averment I make, Mr. Clerk, is that the
ideas, the principles, the politics of the Republi-
can party are necessarily and inherently and es-
sentially hostile to the Constitution and to the
rights and interests of the South. The arguments
used assume an antagonism between the sections,
an irrepressible conflict between opposing and
enduring forces; and if slavery be what you allege
it to be in your school-rooms, your pulpits,
through your public lectures, your political ad-
dresses, your legislative resolves, your congres-
sional speeches, he is the most criminal who stops
short m his career and hesitates at the exercise of
the necessary means for its extinguishment. If
slavery be a crime against God and against hu-
manity, if it be a curse to society, if it contains
the fruitful seeds of immedicable woes, it is as
idle to talk of moderation and the Constitution
and non-interference with the rights of the South
as it would be to attempt to propel a skiff up the
surging cataract of Niagara.
Inflaming the public mind} cultivating sectional
hostility, impregnating public conscience with
the germ of your doctrines, you array agencies
and "gut in motion elements that must have their
logical development and result. The Lord George
Gordon riots, of 1780, when London was in the
possession of an infuriated mob, headed by a
madman, and when the proceedings of Parlia-
ment were almost suspended, when civil authority
was prostrated under the influence of the savage
cry of"-no popery," are but a foil illustration of
the effect of fanaticism and folly. The recent
incursion that has been made into the State of
Virginia, although disavowed and repudiated—
as I have no doubt it honestly and conscientiously
is—by most, if not all, of the gentlemen on that
side of the House, is, in my judgment, the neces-
sary, logical, inevitable sequence of your princi-
ples and your doctrines.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I propose to address myself
calmly and inoffensively to this House and to
this country. Since I have been honored with a
seat on this floor I am not conscious of having
uttered an expiession which could be construed
offensively by any ftt.-ntleman on this floor. Prop-
erly appreciating my responsibility and the high
position which we hold, I shall not be so far re-
creant to what I believe to be due to myself and
to my constituents as to violate that rule to-day.
But 1 propose to show the effect and the neces-
sary consequence of this anti-slavery agitation
and feeling.
I am conscious of the fact that there are in the
northern States two distinct anti-slavery organi-
zations—one represented by William Lloyd Gar-
rison, Phillips, May, and others; the other rep-
resented by the Republican party of the North;
and I repeat again, that I do not hold the Repub-
lican party personally responsible either for the
doctrines avowed or for the measures advocated
by the Garrison party. I have a different purpose
in the remarks that I shall submit to-day; and
that is, to demonstrate, if 1 am able, that those of
you who now shrink back from the doctrines
avowed by that party will, either yourselves or
through your successors, be driven to the assump-
tion of these opinions. Mr. Clerk, in 1835, in an
address issued by the anti-slavery society of Mas-
sachusetts, participated in by William Lloyd Gar-
rison and others of that type of anti-slavery men,
I find lecorded these sentiments:
c- They went so far in their professions against the policy
of physical lesistance as to declare that they * would not
sacrifice the life of a single slaveholder to emancipate every
slave in the United States.' They pronounced any action
of this kind 'little less criminal than murder;5 and they
solemnly pledged themselves, in the case of such action by
any one connected with their cause, to 'publicly renounce
him as a foe to the peace of society and to the best inter-
ests of the oppressed.''"
That is the opinion which was promulgated
officially by William Lloyd Garrison * and those
whom my friend from New York [Mr. Clark]
affirms arc the Abolitionists proper. In 1859,Wen-
dell Phillips, a man who deserves the high eulo-
gium, intellectually, that was paid to him by the
distinguished member from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,]
in his speech made in Brooklyn, New York,
the other day, uses this language, speaking in
regard to John Brown and his incursion into Vir-
ginia:
" It is the natural result of anti-slavery teaching. For
one, I accept it; I expected it."
That is the position into which the Garrisoniaus
have been driven by this volume of anti-slavery
sentiment at the North In 1852, the Whig party
of the Union, in their national convention—and
I believe two thirds of the Republican party
belonged to that organization—resolved that the
compromise measures of 1850, including the fugi-
tive slave law, were a finality, and were, in prin-
ciple and in substance, the settlement of the sla-
very question. In six years from that time, you
find the great State of Ohio, through its Repub-
lican convention, composed of two thirds of that
same Whig party, resolving that the fugitive slave
law ought to be repealed, as being destructive of
the rights of the States, and subversive of the
moral sense of mankind. What more, Mr. Clerk ?
Those Democrats who have fallen off from our
organization into the Republican party were com-
mitted to the same extent by the Democratic con-
ventions of the same year; and yet they have been
driven to the enunciation and advocacy of extreme
doctrines from which, three or four years before,
they would have shiunk back with alarm and
indignation.
"Why, sir, what do we find? In the State of
Massachusetts they havo nullified the fugitive
slave law. I have the bill before me in which
they have, in the most particular and specific
manner, mot the points presented in the fugitive
slave bill, and have practically and effectually
nullified that bill which was to carry out the plain
and unadorned letter of the Constitution. This
bill of the Legislature even goes so far that it ap-
points commissioners, to be feed, paid, compen-
sated by the State of Massachusetts, who are to
defend the slaves in the courts of Massachusetts,
and any lawyer who represents the case of the
claimant is to be stricken from the roil of attor-
neys and incapacitated from holding any office
in the State.
And this has not been done alone in Massa-
chusetts. In Wisconsin they have a similar stat-
ute repealing or nullifying the fugitive slave law,
and pre venting its execution, at least so far as the
whole power of the State can be brought to the
accomplishment of that purpose. And I think
there arc provisions of a similar tenor in other
States of the North. There was one in Ohio which
the Democratic party struck from the statute-
book; and Vermont has now a similar law. I
state these things not just now for the purpose of
condemning them, but to show that the Repub-
lican party have been borne on by the progress
of events and by the fanaticism of public opinion
to the admission of doctrines from which two,
three, or four years ago they would have recoiled
with horror. But that is not all.
The distinguished Senator from Now York
boasted, ill a speech which ho made a year ago,
that upon that floor, and in this House, there were
some fifteen Senators and a hundred members,
while twenty years ago there were hardly that
many men in the whole northern States to avow
such opinions. If I may be allowed to make a
personal allusion, m 1844 I myself stood in Fan-
ueil Hall, and heard a speech of James G. Birney,
the Liberty-party candidate for the Presidency,
when there was hardly a baker's dozen present to
share with him his liberty-loving sentiments; and
some of those who were there were, like myself,
attracted from curiosity to hear a speech upon
such a subject from a candidate for such a posi-
tion. It is thus that anti-slaveryism has swelled,
enlarged, and grown, until at the last presidential
election a mere political adventurer, unknown to
the multitude, without political antecedents, re-
ceived one million four hundred thousand votes in
the northern States. And yet you tell us, the
