3092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. BURCH. X hope the committee will not
consider the amendment out of order; for I think it
is germane to the amendment under consideration.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate. I would inquire what is the
amount proposed in the Senate amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. Eighteen thousand nine
hundred and eighty-eight dollars.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out " nine
hundred and eighty-eight." The Committee on
Military Affairs have recommended aconcurrcnce
in this amendment upon the ground that the uni-
form and settled usage and practice upon the part
of this Government is to reimburse to all the
States and Territories the money necessarily ex-
pended in suppressing Indian hostilities. The
amendment may be inappropriate to this bill; but
our practices and usages of legislation are such
that there is no other mode of reaching relief of
this kind, to which the States and Territories are
entitled. Our rules are such that the Committee
of Ways and Means has the floor all the time,
and the Military Committee is not allowed to re-
port a separate bill of this kind, although they
have acted upon these claims, and are ready to
make a favorable report as to the passage of a
separate bill. And a refusal to incorporate these
claims into appropriation bills amounts to a vir-
tual denial of the claims. These claims are justly
due to the States and Territories, and I would not
keep these parties waiting and knocking at the
doors of Congress; but under the operation of our
rules, we cannot get the subject before the House
for consideration. All I ask is that the 1-louse
shall come up to the consideration of this ques-
tion,and say whether this appropriation foriowa
is right or wrong. If it be right, adopt it; if it is
not, reject it; for if it is right.no other committee
can get in a separate bill for its payment, because
the Committee of Ways and Means control all
legislation and occupy the floor, by the courtesy
of the House, all the time, to the exclusion of all
.Other claims and all other business.
Now, inasmuch as this amendment is upon this
bill, I hope this House will meet it upon its mer-
its, and if it is right will pass it.
Mr. CURTIS. The proofs in this case are the
same as that upon which we passed the Utah
claim a few weeks ago.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is not the amend-
ment ruled out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, which
is 111 order.
Mr. CURTIS. The Senate has a way of put-
ting in their amendments which we have not.
They putthem upon appropriation bills, and when
they come here, we can approve or disapprove of
them, as we think proper. The Committee on
Military Affairs, both of this House and of the
Senate, have concurred in the propriety of this
Senate amendment. What is the use, then, of
bringing tins matter up in another shape, when
we now have it fairly before us? This claim to
reimburse Iowa conforms in principle precisely
to that upon which we have made appropriations
heretofore to other States and Territories, except
that in this case it comes attached to an appropria-
tion bill. I hope, therefore, this appropriation will
pass m this form, so that justice, and nothing
more, will be done to the State of Iowa. We gen-
erally defend ourselves in Iowa, and we did it in
this instance, and we ask to be reimbursed our ex-
penses in the same way that Congress reimbursed
Utah mid other Territories, without referring the
matter to mere matter of form that cannot be
brought forward this present session.
The amend mentofMr. Stanton was not agreed
to.
The Senate amendment was not concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
Insert the following:
toe. 7. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the second section of the act of the 3d of March, ld59, be
extended so as to include all the motley advanced by the
SUUtt oi Tex.w in payment of volunteers called out in de-
fend of the tronticr of that State, since the ^8tli of I-'ebiu-
ary, 1855. Pro ruled, The Secietaiy of War shall he satisfied
that there was necessity for calling out these tioops ; that
they were called out by the competent authority; ami that
the* amount so claimed was actually paid by the said tftate.
And that the amount hereby provided for shall riot exceed
the  um of §123,544 51.
Mr. STOUT. I offer the following amendment
to that amendment of the Senate:
That the following sums, or as much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and they are hereby.appropnated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to de-
fray the expenses incurred in the Territories of Washington
and Oregon, fn the suppression of Indian hostilities therein,
in the vears 1855 and 1856,so far as the claims growing out
of thai war have been reported to the Department by the
commissioners appointed for that purpose under the au-
thority of the eleventh section of the act of 18th August,
1856, chapter one hundred and twenty-nine:
For the pay of volunteers, embracing the first, second,
and ninth Oicgon regiments, and the thiee companies of
minute men,numbered sixty, bixty-one, and sixty-two, and
the first and second Washington regiments and promiscu-
ous companies, including the companies of Captain Strong
and Captain Hays, $400,000: Prowled, These volunteers
shall not receive higher pay and allowances than were given
to officers and soldiers of equal grade, at that period, in the
Uiutid States Army.
For the payment of supplies, transportation, personal ser-
vices, &.C., §3,000,000: Provided, That all claims therefor,
arising from contracts previously made by competent au-
thority, shall be paid upon the presentatioirof proper vouch-
ers; but if notsocontracted lor, they shall be settled upon
terms of equity and justice, at prices not exceeding the
highest rates prevalent in that country at that time, to be
ascertained by puretiases made for the regular seiviee; but
no claims for services rendered to volunteers after they were
mustered out of the sorvicc shall be allowed, norshall com-
pensation be made for the services of any person in more
than one capacity for the same time. And all claims ot
said volunteers lor hones, aims, and other property lost
or destroyed in said service, shall be audited and settled
according to the act approved the 3d of March, 1849.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am obliged to
raise the question of order upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Oregon. It comes pre-
cisely under the ruling of the House a short time
since.
Mr. STOUT. There is a Senate amendment
relating to a similar matter; and I think it is in
order.
There was a law passed by the last Congress
providing for the auditing of these claims. They
were passed upon in accordance with law by a
commission appointed under an act of the Con-
gress before last, and the debt has been ascertained
ill accordance with law. This is simply an ap-
propriation to provide for the payment of an ab-
solute existing debt; and it therefore occupies a
very different position from other claims that have
been presented. I think it is within the knowl-
edge of the Chair that the Government has recog-
nized the \alidity of these claims; and the only
question has been, within the last two years, as
to the amount.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
of any law that makes this an absolute liability
on the Government so as to make it in order as
an item in an appropriation bill which is for the
purpo.se of carrying1 out existing law. On that
ground, the Chair rules the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend by reducing
the amount §10,000. It will be recollected that
at the beginning of thf Thirty-Fifth Congress an
application was made by the State of Texas to
secure the reimbursement of $185,000 paid by that
Stale for troops called out by the Governor of the
State for the defense of the frontier. The last
Congress appropriated some fifty-five thousand
dollars, leaving unpaid the amount provided for
in this bill. It only embraces the moneys paid out
by the State from 1855 to 1857, when the comp-
troller's report was made up. Accompanying the
bill which I offered at the beginning of the present
session, I furnished to the Committee on Military
Affairs the account of the comptroller of the State,
showing the amount of money paid out under
the authority of the State. The chairman of the
Military Committee is not now in his seat, or I
would have made an exhibit of that paper here;
but it is within the knowledge of the members of
the Committee on Military Affairs. This does
not embrace the very large expenditures made by
the State for the last two and a half years; and
Congress is now asked, as it will not give us
troops, to reimburse the State for the moneys
actually paid out by the State of Texas. The act
of ]859 provides that these troops shall not receive
higher rates of pay than the rates paid to soldiers
and officers in the regular service. The matter is
left to the supervision of the Secretary of War.
who must be satisfied, before he pays the money,
that it has been actually and necessarily expended
and that there was a necessity for calling troops
into the field. It was my purpose to have em-
braced ill the bill the other expenditures; but I
wasnotable to get the eomptroiler'sreportand the
necessary vouchers. If this money be reimbursed,
then the State of Texas can continue to employ
troops in the defense of her frontier, as Congress
has refused to give her that protection to which
she is certainly entitled.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, this is one
of the most extraordinary cases that I ever knew
to come before Congress. If money is due to the
State ofTexas forundertaking her defense against
the Indians, I take it for granted that all is due
which she expended for the purpose. And yet
the appropriation is expressly limited to $123,500.
Mr. REAGAN. "Will the gentleman allow me
to state 
Mr. GARNETT. I cannot. I have only five
minutes. That is all they claim; but still, why is
it limited to this particular amount? It seems that
the whole claim is unaudited and unsettled; for
it is provided that it shall not be paid unless the
Secretary of War shall be satisfied that the ex-
penditure was necessarily made in the payment of
troops, that they were called out under competent
authority, and that the money was actually paid
by the authorities of the State. It is very much
as if a court should award judgmenitagainst a man
for §10,000,provided it shall turnout that he owed
the money. I have heard before of claims which
were valid neither in courts of law or equity ; but
which appealed to the liberality of Congress; but
I never heard of a claim where no proof was of-
fered whatever. Is notCongress,which appropri-
ates this money, and which is responsible for
voting it, the proper tribunal to be satisfied that
the money is due ? Why should Congress delegate
that authority to the Secretary of War? Why
throw upon him the responsibility which prop-
erly appertains to ourselves? Let us wait until
the Secretary of War reports to us thatthe money
is due. Let us wait till he informs us that the
troops were actually called out by competent au-
thority. Let us wait till he tells us that the State
of Texas has furnished him with vouchers show-
ing that the money has been paid.
A friend has just told me that he has examined
the Army and Navy appropriation bill, and finds
that one half of the amount appropriated is ex-
pended in California, Oregon, Texas, and New
Mexico. We first give away all our public lands
to every settler who will do us the favor of taking
possession of them; then we send all our troops
to protect these settlers against the Indians, and
to sustain them in any wars which they may
choose to get up against the Indians; and finally,
we are asked to pass bill after bill, on the vaguest
sort of proof, appropriating money enough to
support them all.
About two sessions ago we had before us a bill
giving seven or eight million dollars to the people
of Oregon. The population of Oregon when they
were admitted into the Union numbered sixty or
seventy thousand—so that the distribution of the
sum among them would give $150 to every man,
woman, and child in the State.
The amount of it is just this: that we arc to
confiscate the whole property of the country for
the supp.ort of these frontier people. We had
better go into a court of bankruptcy, place our
whole assets in the hands of a receiver, and ask
him to do us the favor of making ail equal divis-
ion of them among the people of the new Terri-
tories.
I should not be surprised at votes from the Re-
publican side of the House in favor of this amend-
ment, for they have a party motive to subserve
in swelling the deficiency, in order to create the
necessity for a protective tariff; but I am really
astonished at the action of the Democratic party,
which I joined early in life, because 1 believed it
a free-trade party. If this course continues, I
think we shall have to move a committee of tariiF
Democrats to frame a tariff" to supply these enor-
mous, extravagant, wasteful, and intolerable ap-
propriations.
Mr. REAGAN. I withdraw my amendment,
and propose to reduce the amount §200. Mr.
Chairman, I am very sorry that the amendment
of the gentleman from Oregon happened to be
ruled out of order. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Garnett] had his speech prepared against
the Oregon war debt bill, and it is the misfortune
of Texas that he did not get a chance to make it
against that amendment. But that having been
ruled out of order, the speech must needs never-
theless be made. I am told that I am to be ar-
raigned as a tariff Democrat, because my State
has been driven, by the shameful neglect of this.
