3004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
lower grade of qualification. The Senate amend-
ment, therefore, is most clearly objectionable.
,As to the restoration of the term of study to
four years, there is a general concurrence of the
entire board at West Point to that effect, with
the exception of one professor. I have a con-
clusive argument in my possession, of Major
Delgtfield, in favor of the restoration of the four-
years term; and I do not know of anybody in
favor of a five-years term except the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Dayis,] at the other end of the
Capitol, under whoso administration, when Sec-
retary of War, the change was made. The eftect
of this five-years term is to cutoff the patronage
of members, in the number of appointments to be
made, twenty per cent., and to increase the ap-
pointment by the Executive twentyper cent. We
will appoint one every five years, while the Ex-
ecutive will appoint ten every year.
There is no necessity for the term of five years.
There is no college in the country which requires
a five-years course. A term of five years' study
is not authorized by any college in the country.
No student can stand constant and inccssant ap-
plication to study for five consecutive years. The
sentiment of the country and the sentiment of the
board at West Point, with inconsiderable excep-
tion, is opposed to it.
Mr. DAVIS,of Maryland. I think, sir, it will
be exceedingly unwise in this House to attempt,
in this hurried manner, to intei meddle with the
arrangement of the studies at West Point. Wc
hear complaints of gentlemen here, day after day,
of the evils resulting from general legislation upon
appropriation bills. This is new legislation in
every sense of the word, and liable, therefore, to
all those objections. And, in addition to that, it
is ono of the most delicate subjects we can touch.
Take the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
and sec how. it will operate upon the studies of
the young men now there. The number of studies
they have to go through with have been distrib-
utee! over five years. The effect of the operation
of the amendment is, that some of tlio.se young
men now at the Academy, will, under the man-
agement of the Academy, be turned out at the
end of four years with some important brandies
wholly untouched, because, by the existing ar-
rangement, these studies are transferred into the
fifth year. It may be right or wrong hereafter
to make the change upon mature deliberation, but
wc ought not to attempt a change winch we ha\e
no time to consider. I submit that the opinion
of the board is not before us, so that we ran guide
our action by that opinion. The recommenda-
tion does not come from the President, or fiom
the Secretary of War, but the amendment is in
conflict with the arrangement they have made
after mature consideration-, and their views ought
to be considered by this Ilouse, in order that we
may weigh them, as well as those of individual
gentlemen. I therefore think it unwise to touch
this matter at this time,and injurious to the gen-
tlemen now in the Academy.
Air. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose to per-
fect the paragraph befoie the vote is taken to
strike out. i move to amend by adding thereto
the following proviso:
Providedi That hereafter the term of study of cadets at
said Military Academy shall be, and id heieb}, icdueod to
fouryciuv.
The difference between this amendment and
that proposed by (he gentleman from Ohio is,
that this provides that the change shall go into
cffect immediately.
Mr. STANTON. My amendment is arepoit
from a committee, and 1 therefore have no power
to accept the amendment; but 1 will vote for it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Maryland has stated that it would be incon-
venient now to disturb the schedule of studies at
West Point, because of an anungement by which
they are extended over a peuod of five yeais; but
I understand that it is no ionget than a year ago
thatthe Secretary of War arranged that the studies
should be limited to four years, and that that ar-
rangement met the approbation of the academic
board; but the arrangement was afterwards aban-
doned, for reasons known to the Secretary, but
of which lam not advised. So it seems to me
that this arrangement might go into effect imme-
diately, or the Secretary of War would not have
given his consent to it, nor would the academic
board have acquiesced.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the letter of the
superintendent-of the Academy may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Military Academy,
West Point, February '20,1860.
Sir: I am in rcceipt of your letter of the 17th instant,
asking my matured and well-eonsidcred opinion, with the
reasons upon which it is founded, on the expediency of
fixing by law the term of study for cadets at the Military
Academy, and desiring my views in behalf of the Military
Committee of the House of Representatives upon the pro-
priety and expediency of a proposed change in the term to
four years.
The institution was first systematically organized and
conducted upon a four years' course of study in 1816, and
so continued until September, Jb54, when a five years'
course was approved by the Secretary oi War, and is now
in practice.
In 1830, and repeatedly from that time to 1854, the an-
nual boards of visitor-:, a-> well as members of the academic
staff, urged that another year be added to the time then
prescribed by the regulations of the President for studying
the course. Jt is impoitant here to ascertain what may
have led to these repeated ^commendations to the War
Department.
At the annual examinations in presence of the board of
visitors, composed of gentlemen of various professions and
occupations, cadets were found not to have suulled certain
subjects that somo one member considered of paramount
importance; others perceived a want of early training in
the cadet to fit him to receive advantageously the education
here given, and to fulfill ins duties w, an oflieer Jnueaiter;
others desired additional Mudies, upon the gioiuid that the
giaduate of the Academy did not possess that fund of prac-
tical information indispensable to the ofheer in ins varied
duties; to these was added the necessity of changing the
studies to keep pace with the hcienees , and impiovements
introduced in the ait of war. The more recent lccom-
incndations have mqed the creation of a law professorship,
and establishing an astronomical observatory. All these
causes have operated, and continue to operate, to increase
the numbei ot studies and practical exeicihcs constituting
the piogramme.
While the course of instiuetion was thus, from time to
tune, becoming greatly mcieased m the extent as well as
difficulty of the matter to be studied by the cadet, the jno-
licteney of the candidate for admission lemained unaltered,
and is still as originally lequired under the organic law
creating the institution, to wit: he "shall be well versed
in reading, writing, and arithmetic,'' which are defined by
the " established regulations*' to mean that he shall be able
to,rcad and wiite well, and to perform with facility and
accuracy the vai ions opeiauons of the lour ground rules of
arithmetic, of reduction, ol simple and compound propor-
tion, and of vulgar and decimal tiactious.
Fiom the causes stated, we can trace theinciease In the
course of studies to such an extent as in some clas-cs to
have become too great a mental buideu to the youth who
barely possessed the qualifications required tor admission ;
and more time was, in consequence, gtv en lor the acquisi-
tion of these vaued subjects, oi it was aigued the qualifi-
cations for admission imiM be raised to a higher standard.
More time was given. Another year nominally was given
to perfcet the student in the couihe ol Mud ic>, J et aftei live
jeuis' trial the difficulties are as heietoloie. Theie is not
even now sufficient tune to aequno the couises of study
and e\cici.scs as detailed in the seveial piograrnmes salis-
faetoulj ; and the Sectetaiy of War ha* ordeied a icviesum
will) a view to its ieduction ami adaptation lo the five years'
s> stem.
The qualifications cannot be raised to a highci standatd
than now defined by the u-gulatioiw without doing great
injustice to a great poition of the population ol our coun-
ti v; and liom long expeticnce it is lound that, it the can-
didate is jully prcpai ed, in strUt conformity with the regu-
lation*, it suffices as a basis loi a four years' cout^e of
studies well calculated to piepare a young man for enter-
ing upon iliti military piofession, but can ncvei make hun,
both thcoieiically and practical!)/, amastet ol the art oi war,
in that peuod, or by the addition, nominally, of another
yeat ; a lesult very frequently demanded or expected ot the
institution, and another reason for uigmg moie time.
Coming to the conclusion, then, that the qualifications
foi admi.shion cannot be increased, and that, it the candi-
date pos-,c;).ses them strictly in aeeotdanee with the law,
that four yearn of study and practice of arms at the institu-
tion will suffice, I am equally convinced in m) own mind
that an additional year to the course will not remedy the
real evil, to wit: the want of early prnnaiy scholastic and
paiental naming of the mind. That therein is the cause of
laihue on the part of those voting men who art; admitted
on ptobation, and to that end should we look lor a remedy
inther than endeavoring to coireet the difficulty by tun".
On the 10th Sepieinbct, 1858,1 was icqtnied to <jt\e my
views on this subject to the Secrctaiy on lorw aiding to hun
the piococdmg!* of the aeadem.c board of that date, jee-
oinmendmg a icturn to the four years' couise. ! give you
a copy of that lettei, as moie fully explaining my view> in
answei to the lnquuics ot your committee. It was. addressed
to tin ehu't engmeei,and is as follows:
Heiewith 1 inclose the pioceedmgs of the academic
hoaid on the subject ol a change in the peuod ot the couise
of studies from fuc to four yeai.s, submitted to the boaid m
eonfotmity with the icqmrenu.nts of the Secietai.v ot Win.
The boaid, beingot opinion that no benefit has ausen, bur,
on tiic contratwa manifest detriment, ttom making the
course to extend through live yeais, as was done on itsiec-
ommendation in 18a I, now advise that it be lestored to four
years, and present a programme theie lor accompanied with
a plan lor earning it into etfeet. These proceeding"? aiu
also accompanied with repoifcs from committees of the
board, to winch the subject was referred foi, and against
icturmng to a tour years' course, to which I invite your at
tention, as setting forth the views of the members, a.' well
as the facts and arguments connected wit)) the subject since
it commenced to be a questionable poaitin the policy of
the institution.
" You will perceive there is, and has always been, a
veiy general conouirence ot opinion as to the deficieue) or
the cadet in English studies, and that the remedy was to
he found in prolonging the period of membership for one
year, or *set'cn months for study, after deducting the period
of encampment ami other lost time. U is also the behot of
those whose opportunity of judging has been greatest, that
the preparation of the young men now sent here to be ex-
amined for admission, is of a much lowei oider of late years
than previously.
"Iconcur with the board in the opinion that the five
years' course lias proved a failure; but tor the reason that
*seoen months' time wilt not suffice, and never can be made to
suffice, to impart a knowledge of our language, together vrilh
the various subjects forced into the course of studies.
" Myimprcssion'is that the remedy is in no manner pro-
portioned to the desired object, and to gain itwc must seek
other corrections than the vain attempt to teach a youth m
* seven months that which, in the ordinary course of things,
is being learned during the fitst fifteen years of ins scho-
lastic life, through the village and academic institutions of
the country.
" Very many young men, never less than sixteen years
of age, and m numerous instances as old as nineteen, pre-
sent themselves foi admission who cannot pass the exam-
ination required bylaw, at the same tune representing that
they have studied every branch of science and language
that would qualify them for a collegiate couise, and in
several instances, such as would qualify them for diplomas
at tins institution; when on tiial, they can neither icad
undcrstandingly, write coricct!*-, oi pcifoim with an> de-
gree of facility the multiplication oi division of vulgar or
decimal fractions.
" It is this deception oftentimes practiced upon parents
by, and the want of capacity on the part of, mstruetois.tbat
must be considered as the foundation and cause of th<$ dif-
ficulties that ari addition of a year to the course of studies at
the Academy has in vain been considered as affording an
adequate corrective.
" The subject is one of much importance, even in a ««-
tionat point of view, and anything that may be done to im-
prove the common school system-* of education, will not
only tend to correct the difficulties experienced hei*, but
be of general interest to the cause of education.
The legal qualifications may, I conceive, be defined m
the circular letter usually lonvaided to nominees, and as-
sist gteatly in preventing the failure of candidates. Tne
couise of an examination of a candidate being thus well
defined, it i.s vvoithy of cou«uleiatjon whethci the Repre-
sentative to whom the patjonage is given of naming the
individual for appointment, shall not name some eight oi
ten of his district, fiom whom the stlkction shall be made
on an examination to be held by officers of the Aimy, in
presence of visitors (who are to be named by the lleptc-
scntative, and who shall make the selection aftei heaiing
the examination,) at the neaieM mihiaiy post in the sec
tion of country in which the nominees reside.
"This would m a gicat mea.-ute insure to eveiy congres-
sional distuct the success ot the candidate, and m time
equalize the appointments in the Auny among the several
.Stales; whci ea-? at present theie are congressional districts
from which candidates have not succeeded for yeais. solely
on account of their not being faithfully and thoioughly
taoght at the pmiuuy schools.
u In some districts the Representative has made his .selec-
tion liom the students of the schools, as a reward of meut.
'This sjhtem'has secured a high outer of mental capacity
and attainment in the qualifications called for by law. and
to such distuct invariably the success of such individual
m hems appointed in tne Auny.
" In like manner, by selection from a specified number,
every con gr csnonal district could secure i tsdue proportionof
Army officers, and, at the same time, command a higher oi~
dcrof talent tot tie; Acadnny and Auny. tend to imprsi-ethe
primary schools throughout the ioun1 nj, by the emulation it
would'create among pupils who weie to be rewarded foi
their exertions by an appointment at this institution, lo.-ter
and compel better instruction, .and thus gam the end that
a five years' course of studies has failed m producing."
The documents icferied to as having been loi warded to
the chief engineer with m> letter of the iOt-h of September,
i8o8, should be on file m the engineers bureau at Wash-
ington.
Kespectfullv, your obedient servant,
RICHARD PELAFiELD,
Colonel of Engineers, Superintendent Military Academy.
The Hon. C. J3. Stanton, Chairmnn of the Military Com-
mittee oj the House of Representatives.
Mr. .TOJrlN COCHRANE. If there be no ob-
jection, I will withdraw my amendment, anil offer
it to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to oppose the amend-
ment. i prefer the resolution as adopted by the
Committee ori Military Aflaiib. It does appear
to me that matters, fairly considered by that com
mittee, ami presented and proposed fanly by the
chairman of that committee as amendments to
this bill,should lnwea fair consideration. Among
those measures, this one m rcloition to the termed
studios in West Point has been fairly and fully
considered; and we are decidedly in favor of re-
turning to the established usage, as established
by Colonel Thayer in the palmy days of that in-
stitution. We lme, on this floor, three graduates
of the Military Academy, each of whom gradu-
ated under the old system of four years, in my
judgment, that term is sufficient to enable students
to acquire all the elementary knowledge and fit
them to pursue any study they may hereafter
think proper to apply themselves to. It is not
* Wntten eight in the ouginal, but should be seven.
