1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
%vfCK, who was here a few moments ago. Mr.
Sedgwick would vote "ay," and Mr. Bocligny
'"no." I vote "ay."
Mr. BURROUGHS stated that he had been
called to the Senate on business by a constituent,
and was absent from the House when his name
was called. If he had had the privilege of voting,
he would have voted in the affirmative.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
benjamin neeley.
Mr. GARTRELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Benjamin Neelcy,
of the State of Georgia; which was read a first
and second time, ana referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
uniAd states consul at bkemen.
Mr. LOVE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Foreign Affairs be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
and propriety of reporting a bill to increase tile salary of
Isaac N. Diiler, United States consul at Bremen.
pacific kailkoad.
Mr. HINDMAN. I wish to present a joint
resolution of the General Assembly of the State
of Arkansas, relative to a railroad to the Papific
ocean, and now send it to the Clerk's desk, to be
read.
The resolution is as follows:
"Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ar-
kansas, That our Senators be instructed, and our Repre-
sentatives in Congress be requested, to vote for and u-<e all
honorable means to secure the passage of a law locating
the lailroad to The Pacific on or near the thirty-fifth paral-
lel of north latitude, upon or near the route surveyed by
Lieutenant Whipple."
Mr. HINDMAN. The Legislature of Arkan-
sas have, in this resolution, indicated their pref-
erence for a particular route for the Pacific railway.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
remarks of the gentleman are in order.
Mr. HINDMAN. I trust there will be no ob-
jection. I shall consume very little of the time
of the House.
No objection was made.
Mr. HINDMAN. The route preferred by the
Legislature of Arkansas is that of the thirty-fifth
parallel. It starts out from Memphis, Tennessee,
and passes thence, in a line almost directly west,
by way of Fort Smith, Arkansas, and Albu-
querque, in New Mexico, to San Francisco. Its
natural advantages are very great. They may be
summed up on the authority of governmental sur-
veys, and the reliable reports of emigrants and
traders, as combining shorter disUnce than any
other route, less expense in the construction and
maintenance of a railroad, entire freedom from
the impediments of zee and snow, greater fertility
of the country intersected, and its better adapta-
tion to settlement, together with more abundant
supplies of water and timber, and a centrality of
location that makes it convenient equally to all
parts of the Union. It is, m fact, the true and
only central route, though that title is assumed,
I believe, for another. Another advantage it has,
lies in the fact that the speedy completion of a
railroad over three hundred miles of its line—that
part between Memphis and Fort Smith—is al-
ready secured by a land grant from Congress. On
forty miles of that road the cars are now running,
and the balance is under contract for being graded.
I allude to these matters now, that some idea may
be formed of the merits of this route. At the
proper time hereafter, I shall endeavor to show,
at greater length, the superiority of the route of
the thirty-fifth parallel over all its competitors for
congressional favor.
My present object is to secure for it that pre-
liminary consideration accorded to the other
routes; to place it on ail equal footing with them
for being examined and reported upon. Last
week, under a resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] a select committee of fif-
teen was raised, to whom was referred this whole
subject of a continental transit by railway. The
vast importance of that subject; the immense in-
terests involved in it; the nice questions of prin-
ciple and policy connected with it, justified the
expectation that that committee would be so con-
stituted as to aggregate as much experience, in-
formation, and ability, as could be found in that
number of members. That expectation was well
met, doubtless, in the appointments made; and I
mean nothing in disparagement of the committee
in those respects. But there was another just and
reasonable expectation, which has been disap-
pointed. It was this: that no one route should
be preferred over another in the selection of com-
mittee-men, or be allowed an undue strength in
the number of its friends appointed. The extreme
routes of the north and of the south have their
advocates on the committee in strong force; but
the middle route, that of the thirty-fifth parallel,
has only a half-way friend there. I refer to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] and in-
tend no reflection on that distinguished member.
My meaning is, that he advocates only a part of
the thirty-fifth parallel route. There is not one
advocate of the thirty-fifth parallel route, in its
whole length, on the committee. That route
passes through the very heart of Arkansas, and,
in all fairness and justice to her, as well as in def-
erence to the merits of the route itself, one of the
Representatives from my State ought to be ap-
pointed .
Mr.LANDRUM. I should like, also, to have
one from the State of Louisiana.  
Mr. HINDMAN. There is one from the State
of Louisiana already, [Mr. Taylor.]
Mr. CURTIS. I will say, in explanation, that
the gentleman has a representative of that route
on the committee—Mr.Phelps,of Missouri, who
is one of the most earnest, persistent, and able
advocates of that route that there is in the United
States. There is no man m Arkansas who un-
derstands it better than Mr. Phelps.
Mr. HINDMAN. Many thanks to the gen-
tleman from Iowa for the statement he has made.
1 beg to say to him that I understand, I think,
the intcrestsof my constituents a little better than
the Representatives from Missouri, orfrom Iowa,
or from any other State. Perhaps the gentle-
man from Iowa does not understand the posi-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri on this sub-
ject. As I understand the fact to be, Mr. Phelps
favors the thirty-fifth parallel route only partially;
lie urges a divergence from it by Springfield to
St. Louis. The genuine thirty-fifth parallel route,
as I said before, starts out from Memphis, and
passes thence, by way of Fort Smith and Albu-
querque, to San Francisco. It has no represent-
ative on the committee. I insist that it shall be
represented there, and am astonished that any
member should object.
Mr. CURTIS. I am not opposed to that. I
merely presented what I believed to be the true
state of the case. The main line advocated-fey Mr.
Phelps—the great trunk and four fifths of the
line—4s the one which the gentleman from Ar-
kansas supports. So far as that part of it which
lies between Memphis and Fort Smith is con-
cerned, it may be that the gentleman from Mis-
souri would not represent the gentleman's ideas;
but I certainly do think that the statement which
I made, that Mr. Phelps is one of the strongest
advocates of the thirty-fifth parallel route, is true
in fact.
Mr. HINDMAN. In a modified sense, he is.
He advocates that route, from California to about
the Antelope Hills, with as much earnestness and
far more ability than I ever expect to do. But at
that point he ceases to be an advocate of it, and
favors a route diverging toward Springfield and
St. Louis. The Antelope Hills are, I suppose,
three hundred miles west of Fort Smith, and Fort
Smith is about three hundred miles west of Mem-
phis; so there are six hundredmiles ofthe thirty-
fifth parallel route, of which Mr. Phei.ps is not an
advocate.
The facts I have stated are sufficient to show
the undue discrimination against the route which
my State prefers, and which, I think, can be
shown to be more meritorious than any other.
In order to ascertain whether the House is dis-
posed to act justly in the matter, I now move that
the joint resolution of the Arkansas Legislature
be referred to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad, and that a member from Arkansas be
added to that committee.
The question was taken; and Mr. Hindman's
motion was agreed to.
treasury notes, tariff, etc.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. TAPPAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from New
Hampshire rises to a question of privilege, the
Chair supposes he is entitled to submit it.
Mr. MORRILL. Not, I think, while I am
upon the floor. I desire to report, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, a bill to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to
authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes. My object is to
have the bill printed and referred to the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union, reserving
the privilege to the minority of the committee to
present their views, and have them also referred
and printed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to the introduc-
tion of that bill. •
Mr. NOELL. Are we to have that put through
under the previous question, too?
Mr. MORRILL. I will repeat, for the inform-
ation of gentlemen on the other side of the House,
that there is no purpose to put this bill on its pas-
sage at the present time. We propose to refer it
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with the privilege of the minority of the
committee to make a report at some subsequent
time, if they shall desire it, and have it referred.
Mr. BRANCH. Is this a tariff bill, I should
like to know?
Mr. MORRILL. It is for that and other pur-
poses.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Well, sir, debate is not
in order, and I object to it. 6
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to make the report.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Before the vote is taken
upon the motion, I wish to say that I was called
out of the House by a constituent while the vote
was being taken on the homestead bill. If I had
been present, I should have voted for the bill.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Morrill; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 105, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrich, William C. Anderson,
Achlfy, Babbitt, Bingham, Blake, Briggs, Bristow, Buffm-
ton, Burnham, Burtoughs, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case,
Colfax, Conkling,Corwin, Covode, Curtis, H. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Ducll, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Etheridge,
Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer,
Gooeh, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Has-
km, Hatton, Helrrnck, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey,
Hutching Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, William Keliosg,
Killingei, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mai-
lory, Marston, Mavnard, McKean, McKnight, McPherson,
MiHvvard, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Morse, Nelson, Ohn, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Rice, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Scranton, Sherman,William N. H. Smith, Some?, Stanton,
Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train,
Tumble, Vandever, Van Wyok, Verree, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, [srael
Washburn, Wells, Whiteley,Wilson,Windom, and Wood-
ruff—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery,
Bark«dale, Barr, Bocock, Bonham, Branch, Burnett, Clop-
ton, Cobb, John Coehiane, Cox, James Craig, Crawford,
Curry, John G. Davis, Reuben Davi?, Do Jarnette, Ed-
mundson, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman,
Ilill, Hindman, Holraan, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jaek-
pon, Jenkins, Jones, Kcitt, Lamar, Luridrum, Larrabee,
Leake, Logan, Lovc,MaeJay, Charles D. Martin. McCier-
nand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham Moore,
Niblack, Noeil, Pendleton, Pry or, Pugh, Reagan, Ruffin,
Seott, Sieklee, Simms, Singleton,William Smith, Spinner,
Stevenson, Stout, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance,
Woodson, and Wright—69.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HELMICK stated that his pair with Mr.
English on this bill had been transferred to Mr.
Kilgore.
Mr. SEDGWICK stated that he had paired
with Mr. Bouligny for to-day.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, not being within
the bar when his name was called, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, stated that he
would, if allowed to vote, vote in the affirmative.
charles pearson.
Mr. TAPPAN. I rise to a priviledged ques-
tion
