2060.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
the bill for whose relief has become a law, may
be referred to the General Land Office. Some
Eatents are on file which it is necessary that the
.and Office should now have returned to them
for cancellation; but they are now part of the files
of the Senate. I move that they be taken from
the files and referred to the General Land Office.
The motion, was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a. bill (S. No. 442)
for the relief of Arthur Edwards and his asso-
ciates; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on .the Post Office and
Post Roads.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Ford Barnes,
prayingcompensationfortheservicesof his father,
Job Barnes, a soldier in the revolutionary war,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, aijd that it be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 16) for the relief
of Lot Hall, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims; which was
agreed to*
Mr. IVERSON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition ofMary B. Hook, praying for a pension,
to ask to be discharged from Us further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Pensions. I will take this occasion to make
an explanation as to this case. This petition was
originally referred to the Committee on Pensions.
A motion was made, and agreed to by the Senate,
that the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from its consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims. In looking into the
case, we find that ii is simply and purely a peti-
tion for a pension; and how it ever came to be
committed to the Committee on Claims is ifmar-
vol to me. I have this morning a letter from Mrs.
Hook, the petitioner in the ease, in which she
says she does not wish it to be considered as a
money claim at all, and does not desire that the
Committee on Claims shall consider it. She wants
it considered purely in the light* of apension,and
the petition asked only for a pension. It seems
to me very extraordinary that the Committee on
Pensions should have been discharged from its
consideration, and that it should have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims. I a.sk that the
Committee on Claims be discharged, and that it
be ri-fencd back to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
JEAN IIUDItY.
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Mane Gcn-
and, sole heir at law of Jean Hudry, have in-
structed me to report a bill for the relief of the
party, and I am instructed by the committee to
ask that the bill be put on its passage this morn-
ing. I will make a short explanation; and if the
Senate will take it up, I think there will be no
objection whatever to passing it.
The bill (S. No. 443) for the relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of Jean Hudry was read
u first tune, and otdered to a second reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fopx.) It
requires unanimous consent to consider it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a private bill. I
believe this is pn vnfe bill day. Why not let it
take its place with the others?
Mr. IVERSON. I will state that it is a very
peculiar case, and if the Senator will allow it to
be taken up 
Mr.TRUMBULL. Thcyareall peculiarcases,
in the estimation of the claimants.
Mr. IVERSON. If it goes on the Private Cal-
endar, it goes to the foot of it, and will never be
reached during the present session. It is a very
extraordinary case.
Mr. YULEE. State why it is extraordinary.
Mr. IVERSON. When the bill is taken up, I i
will state the grounds on which the committee
desire to consider it to-day; but I do not know
that that is in order. [" Oh, yes!"] I will state,
on the motion to consider the bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate; but it being reported at this
time, it requires unanimous consent now to con-
sider it.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state the case very brief-
ly, and I will «ay that the facts are conclusively
proved by the testimony in the case, by the cer-
tificate in the original handwriting of General Jack-
son himself, ana by the certificate and statement
of Mr. John R. Grimes, a distinguished lawyer
at New Orleans, who lived at the time, and was
personalty acquainted with the facts, as well as
by other testimony which was satisfactory to the
mind of the committee. During the war of 1812,
and the imsaeion of Great Britain at New Orleans,
this man, Jean Hudry, who was then an emigrant
from Savoy, living in New Orleans, was a man of
wealth; and in the emergency of the occasion, he
raised a company of sixty French residents, called
the Compagnie Fran^aise. He raised thatcompany
of sixty men, and purchased their uniform, and
arms, and equipments, and sustained them at his
own expense from November until the following
April or May. He tendered them to General Jack-
son; they were accepted by him, and they were
in all the engagements at New Orleans. They
fought bravely in every one of the engagements.
That is certified by General Jackson himself. He
expended, as is proved, $9,700 in equiping this
company. He was then a man of wealth, and he
did not ask remuneration from the Government
for several years. In 1834, however, having be-
come insolvent, he came and asked the Govern-
ment to refund this amount which he had expended
in patriotic services during the war. The items
were all put down, and are considered reasonable,
and I think certified to by General Jackson or by
Mr. Grimes. The Senate passed the bill several
► times, but it failed in the House of Representa-
tives for the want of time; and the old man, who
had been coming here for years pressing this claim,
finally—in despair, it is said—went down to the
Potomac river one night and committed suicidc,
by throwing himself in; and now, his only surviv-
ing daughter comes and asks that this money be
refunded to her, without interest. I trust there
will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the bill will be read a second time,and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear what
the amount is.
Mr. IVERSON. Ninety-seven hundred dol-
lars, without interest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to be a very good
case, as stated by the Senator from Georgia, and
1 would vote for it on that state of facts, most
surely; but I do not see why it should be taken
up out of its order. However, I will not object.
The bill was read the sccond time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It au-
thorizes the payment of $9,705, being the amount
of Hudry's account for uniform, clothing, arms,
and accoutcrments, furnished by him in the year
1814, to a company of theLouisianalegion, which
company he raised and equipped during the in-
vasion, and gallantly led into battle on the night
of the 23d of December, and the morning of the
8th of January.
The bill was repoi*ted to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. YULEE. If it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate now, I hope they will take up the veto mes-
sage on the act for the relief of Arthur Edwards.
Mr. IVERSON. I must object to that propo-
sition. This is private bill day, and I hope we
shall proceed with the Private Calendar, and not
take up this bill, which will give rise to a lengthy
discussion, and will probably consume the whole
day. The Private Calendar has really been neg-
lected very much during the present session.
As Senators will understand, we lost two days
that should have been devoted to it during the
Charleston convention, and a number of other
days have been lost from other causes. I hope
we shall not take up this bill to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the gentleman if this
is not a private bill?
Mr. IVERSON. It was originally aprivate bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is only the last stage
of it. It is the very one that ought to have pref- j
erence. i
Mr. IVERSON. I want the Private Calendar
to be taken up .to-day, and commence where we
left off last Friday, and go over such cases as
shall not be objected to; so that we may get as
many of these cases off our hands as possible, and
let tnem go to the House.
Mr. YULEE. As this is a privileged question,
and can be taken up at any other time, 1 will
waive it now, and give notice that I shall call it
up for a vote to-morrow or Monday, whenever
the Senate meets agaih.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Florida being withdrawn, the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Georgia, to take up the Private Calendar, com-
mencing where the Senate closed on last Friday,
and taking up only those bills which shall not be
objected to.
The motion was agreed to.
TOWNSEND HARRIS.
The bill (S. No. 274} for the relief of Townsend
Harris was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the allowance to Townsend Harris of $10,000, for
his services and expenses in negotiating a treaty
of commerce between the kingdom of Siam and
the United States; the money to be paid to Har-
ris, or any attorney of his, under any power of
attorney executed by him, before or after the pas-
sage of the act.
Mr. GRIMES. I call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations to the
fact, which is authenticated, I believe, that this
man is dead; and I think it ought to be amended
so as to grant this money to his heirs.
Mr. IVERSON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations is not heio; but I
have seen it stated, from pretty good information,
that the news about Mr. Harris's death is un-
founded.
Mr. GRIMES. It was contradicted, I know;
but the last statement that I have seen is that he
was dead; and that, I think,the firm ofGrinnell,
Minturn, & Co., or some extensive house en-
gaged in the eastern trade 
Sir. IVERSON. Commodore Tatnall is here,
and I understand he has the last information, and
he says he has heard nothing of the death of Mr.
Harris. I think it is a matter of little consequence
whether we amend the bill in that respect.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose we put in the bill
the words " or to his heirs."
Mr. IVERSON. " Either to his heirs or legal
representatives."
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend by adding
" or to the heirs or legal representatives of said
PI arris."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading; it
was read the third time, and passed; and the title
was amended so as to read: " A bill for the relief
of Townsend Harris, his heirs or legal represent-
atives. "
FREDERICK VINCENT.
The bill (S. No. 275) for the relief of Frederick
Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze, sur-
viving partner of Le Caze & Mallet, was an-
nounced to be the next bill upon the Calendar. It
proposes to pay to Frederick Vincent, adminis-
trator of James Le Caze, surviving partner of
Le Caze & Mallet, the sum of $8,652 05, being
the amount due to them (and which theymiglit
have received or subscribed) on the 31st of De-
cember, 1797, with intcrcstupon that sum from 31st
December, 1844, when their claim was demanded,
deducting therefrom the sum of 04,890 82, paid
under the act of 31st January, 1855.
Mr. HALE. If there is a report in that case, I
should like to hear it read.
Mr. FOSTER. I can state in a few wordsthe
question in that case—perhaps in fewer words
than the report states it. The question involved
in the case is simply whether interest should be
allowed on this claim. The original debt was
ascertained, just at the close of the revolutionay
war, by the Superintendent of Finance, and the
amount credited to these men on the books of
the Government—that amount being the sum of
$4,890 82. One of these gentlemen very soon
after died, and the other removed to one of the
West India islands—I think to San Domingo—
