m
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10.
The " s^eme medicrae pf the Constitution is not
to be yyeade our daily foo.d,'' and threats of dissolu-
beeorhe impotent on account of their
But the election of such a man, wijh
wa&k sentiments, would indicate &uch hostility to
tts.astofeethe assurance of our subjection, and
the eyidence of an irreconcilable antagonism. It
would be a great calamity, and to submit to it
would be a calamity embittered by disgrace.
"Comethe eleventh plague, rather than this should be;
Come, sink us rather in the sea;
Come rather pestilence and raow us down;
€ome God's sword, rather than our own ,
rather Roman come again;
The Saxon, Norman, or the Dane;
In all the ills we've ever bore,
We grieved, we sighed, we wept, we never blush$i
before."
But we are told there are demonstrations at the
present going *on in the North in opposition to this
Republican pavty, and I find in these meetings
additional arguments to prove the positions which
I have been submitting. Edward Everett, the au-
thor and the statesman, in hie recent spcech at
the Union meeting in Boston, assigns as a reason
for his abstinence from political action—
<L That, between the extremes of ©pmitw that have ton*
distracted and now threaten to convulse the country, I find
no middle ground of practical usefulness, on which afnand
of moderate counsels can stand."
Whatever may be his means of judging the
South, he is surely a competent and impartial
judge of northern sentiment. In ihc same moot-
ing, Caleb Gushing, late Attorney General, speak-
ing of a recent effort of his, says:
li I endeavored to show how a handful of talented hut
misguided men in Massachusetts, animated hy a monoma-
nia of fanatical devotion to one single idea, had poisoned
the consciences and corrupted the judgment of too nuny
of our fellow-citizens m the Commonwealth. 1 showed
the nature and influence of then most malign teachings;
how all party action in the North and South wa-< running
in the Channel of a desperate and deplorable sectionalism,
and, more than all, in Massachusetts; that all political in-
fluence in thbs State was founded in hate, treacherous,
furious, fiendish hale, of our fellow-ciuzens in the southern
States."
This was spoken by a Massachusetts man in
Faneuil Hall, and indorsed by a Massachusetts
audience.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire, very respectfully,
to ask the gentleman a question for information.
I ask it, not for the purpose of interrupting the
gentleman, but because 1 want the information in
order to guide my future conduct. The gentle-
man avf^ved his opinion a moment ago as to what
he will do in a certain contingency, if a certain
person is elected President of the United States.
I do not propose, now, to take any issue with the
gentleman, for I know that that is his sincere
opinion. I desire to know whether or not the
honorable gentleman frdm Virginia, for whom ha
votes for Speaker, [Mr. Bocock,J shares with
him that feeling.
JUr. CURRY. I had, sir, referred to these
Union meetings that have been held in the North,
as evidence of a returning sense of public justice
in the North. Now, Mr. Clerk, while these may
be demonstrations of a more or less gratifying
character, yet these public declarations commit to
nothing. They are not the true index of public
opinion. The test of public opinion is through
the ballot-box. There is where X look to ascer-
tain the political sentiment of the North, and I
find, deciding by that test, that New England
stands here to-day ill one solid phalanx arrayed
against what I conceive to be. the constitutional
rights of the South—that Now York stands here
with but five or six Representatives who are dis-
posed to befriend us and our rights. The sam?
is true, to a greater or less extent, in regard to
Pennsylvania and Ohio, and other States of the
Union. The same is true in regard to their State
organizations. The tied ions are the evidence of
popular hostility, and 1 choose to look to them
rather than to exceptional results and individual
expressions. We also hear patriotic declamation
ana eloquent vindication of the Union on this
floor. Sir, they are the singing of Circe—''the
voice of the charmer, charming never so wisely,"
lulling the South's suspicion asleep, and deceiving
the North in regard to the stupendousness of the
crisis that is 011 us.
If you are in earnest in these declarations, if
these public meetings mean anything, show us
the fruit of your work; give us something prac-
tical-, substantial, and tangible. Will you go home
and repeal your personal liberty bills, your habeas
corpits actSj your mandamus acts ? Will you ex-
ecute the fugitive slave law? Will you open your
State prisons for the safe-keeping of those who arc
arrested in compliance with the Constitution ?
Will you refuse contributions of money to circu-
late incendiary pamphlets at the South ? Will you
turn out of this Hall and the other end of the Cap-
itol the men who come hero to insult and stigma-
tize us, and who orait no possible occasion of
keeping up sectional hostility and infringing on
our rights and on the guaranties of the Constitu-
tion? Will you go home and say, as Charles
James Fox, on a memorable occasion, "I stand
up for the Constitution, not for the people; if the
people attempt to invade the Constitution, they
are enemies to the nation?" These will be some
indications of public opinion and some test of a
returning sense of public justice.
Mr. Clerk, I should be doing injustice to my-
self and to the constituents whom I represent were
1 to deny that there exists a serious apprehension
in their minds in regard to the consequences of
this agitation. There are men at the South who,
while they wish that the Government may con-
tinue as prosperous and happy as it has hitherto
been, etui recognize and acknowledge the fact
that clouds and darkness are gathering over the
future which only the eye of the seer may be able
to penetrate. It is natural for them in that con-
dition to be casting about to ascertain where are
their friends and from whom they will get sup-
port and succor in the hour of trial and difficulty.
My constituents, almost without distinction of
party, look solely and exclusively to the Democ-
racy of the North as the natural allies of the
Constitution and the South. That party has done
much to illustrate the principles of this Govern-
ment, and to vindicate man's capacity for self-
government. Relying on the integrity and intel-
ligence of the people, defeat has not caused its
disbandment, the desertion of its principles, or the
change of its name. That there have been occa-
sional excesses and irregularities and departures,
I will admit. That bad men have sometimes used
its prestige for ill, and abused its confidence, I do
not deny. That in the pride of victory and the
consciousness of power it has been sometimes in-
tolerant of rebuke and opposition, its more candid
supporters must concede. But still it lias been
fruitful of great names and great deeds. In war
it has been the country's friend. In peace it has
contributed largely to the country's prosperity.
Its disbandment, particularly on this occasion,
would be, in my judgment, a serious calamity.
While other organizations have arisen and de-
parted, it still lives in the hearts of the people.
Illustrated-by great names, in critical periods of
our country s history it has been the saviour-of
the Constitution and the defender of our country's
honor. Its principles have become part of our
mental habitudes, and I trust it may be adequate
to the stupendous conflict which is just ahead of
us. I take pleasure ill recognizing the true and
loyal men on this side of the floor and in the North,
who arc willing with us to lock shields in defense
of the Constitution and the Union which is its
creature; and I hope that 111 the irrepressible con-
flict which may be here or elsewhere, it may be
able to rescue the Constitution of our country
from the polluting touch of those who would de-
stroy it.
But, Mr. Clerk, it is not proper that I should
disguise the fact, that there are serious apprehen-
sions that that party may not, in consequence of
the intensity and fierceness of the anti-slavery
sentiment at the North, be able to preserve the
Constitution of the country. In that event, where
is our hope of redress? where is our security?
The very existence of two governments here, the
Federal and State governments, implies a division
of political power. And these two governments
have their origin and sanction in the same source.
The Federal 110 less than the State government
is the work of the people of the States. It is a
mere agent intrusted with limited powers for the
execution of certain specific objects. Its powers
are derivative entirely, and liable to be resumed
by the States which delegated them. The Fed-
eral Constitution is the measure of its authority,
and contains all the delegation of powers from
the people of the different States. It is a perni-
cious error, to be repudiated on all occasions, that
this Government can lawfully do whatever is not
prohibited in the Constitution. Whatever is not
delegated to the Government or prohibited to the
States, is reserved to tlie States respectively and
separately and to the people thereof; and as one
ox oifr profoundest political thinkers has said:
"The boundary between tlis reserved and delegated
powers marks the limits of this Union; the States are uni-
ted to'the extent of the delegated, they are separated beyond
that limits'
Mr. Clerk, the history of this country confirms
the universal experience in reference to the dispo-
sition of men having power to arrogate to them-
selves more. The apprehensions of some of the
founders of the Republic in reference to the dan-
gers which threatened its perpetuity, were ill-
founded; the centripetal tendencies have been
found to be greater than the centrifugal. Abra-
ham Baldwin, of Georgia, during the last century,
remarked that " it was the nature of delegated
power to increase. It has been aptly said to be
like the screw in mechanics; it holds all it gains,
and at every turn gains a little more." This ten-
dency has been fully and repeatedly manifested
in our history; and sometimes the States have
failed to resist and defeat measures leading to cen-
tralism and the absorption of unconstitutional
powers by the different departments of the Federal
agency.
I said that the existence of two governments
implied a division of power. This division of
power implies a superior. The existence of lim-
itations and restrictions presupposes the power to
control and to enforce. Right here arises the
great question—the greatest which can possibly
be submitted to the people of this Confederacy—
whether the States have the right to judge of the
extent of their reserved powers and to defend
them against the encroachments of the Federal
Government. Mr. Webster, and the Federal
school of politicians, held that in all cases not
capable of assuming the character of a suit in law
or equity, in which event the Supreme Court is
the final interpreter, Congress is the final and ex-
clusive judge of the ex'tent of its own powers.
Mr. Jefferson and Mr.Calhoun and the State-rights
school on the contrary held that the Constitution
is a compact between sovereign States; that the
States are not united upon a principle of unlimited
submission to this Government; that this Gov-
ernment, the creature of the States, is not the
final and exclusive judge of the powers delegated
to itself; but that each State has an equal right to
judge for itself, as well of the infraction of the
Constitution as of the mode and measure of re-
dress. The Federal doctrine of Mr. Webster cen-
tralizes power, consolidates the Government, re-
duces the States to mere dependent corporations,
and destroys limitations and restrictions. A writ-
ten constitution affords no barrier against the en-
croachments of the Government and no security
for the rights and liberties of the people if the
Government can construe the final extent of its
own powers and enforce that construction at the
point of the bayonet. "Written constitutions,"
said an old author, "are like spiders' webs that
hold only the poor and weak, while the rich and
powerful easily break through them.'' Under this
theory, there is no practical, substantive division
of power. If the Government, through any or all
its departments, can, by construction or usurpa-
tion, enlarge its delegation, there are no limita-
tions upon its powers, there being no difference,
said Mr. Calhoun, "between a Government hav-
ing all powers and a Government having the
right to take what powers it pleases."
Mr. Clerk, free governments, so far as their
protecting power is concerned, are made for 1111-
noiities.andthe Jeffersonian, State-rights theory
protects minorities. The South is in a minority
at this time; and she should cling to State rights
as the sheet-anchor of her safety in her hour of
peril. As power is liable to abuse, checks should
be imposed. In all possible modes of government,
there will be a conflict between sections and in-
terests and classes; it is inevitable under the pres-
ent constitution of human nature. All history
furnishes no experience to the contrary. Hostile
interests are created by legislation. Different in-
terests in the community are disposed to encroach
on each other; and, unless there is some power
to cheek and restrain, the weaker must yield to,
and go down before, the stronger. If majorities
can interpret the Constitution, and enforce that
interpretation without check; if the legislative dis-
cretion of the other side of the House is the meas-
