1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HIT
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
adjourn; I think iniquity enough for*one day
has been done by the passage of the homestead
bill.
Mr. TAPPAN. I have the floor. I call up the
motion entered some days ogo to reconsider the
vote by whicli the bill of the Senate for the relief
of the representatives of Charles Pearson was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents. 1 will just
state that it is a little bill to refund the sum of
$140, paid into the Patent Office by a man who
was insane. The bill was unanimously passed
by the Senate, and I hope the motion to recon-
sider will be agreed to, and the bill passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. TAPPAN. I withdraw the motion to refer,
and ask unanimous consent to put the bill on its
passage.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to a third reading, and was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; andalso moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUPLICATION OF LOST LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. VANCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was, by unanimous consent, consid-
ered and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing for the
duplication, under proper restrictions against fraud, of lost
lund warrants issued to soldiers ; of extending the term of
the same; and that they have leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
PUBLIC LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution in relation to certain pub-
lic lands in Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
SALE OIF IIARRODSBURG MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Military Affairs, a
bill authorizing the sale of the Western Military
Asylum at Harrodsburg; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say that this bill is
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was examined by a committee of the last Con-
gress, and also by our committee during the pres-
ent session. This military asylum has become
absolutely worthless for the purposes for which
it Was constructed, and has been abandoned by
the Government. The bill authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to sell it at public auction, after not
less than sixty days' notice, the minimum price
being fixed at §25,000. I understand that the site
is wanted for college purposes. There is no ob-
jection to the bill, I believe, on the part of the
Kentucky delegation; the Secretary of War rec-
ommends it; and if there be no objection, I will
ask that the bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read through.
Mr. STANTON.- I will say that a bill passed
both Houses, two or three years ago. for the sale
of this asylum, the minimum price "being fixed
at §27,000. Twenty-five thousand dollars was
offered, but it being less than the minimum,_there
was no sale. This fixes the minimum at §25,000.
I ask that the bill may be ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask whether this
asylum was ever of any use ?
Mr. STANTON. It never was. It was erected
at great cost, and has been a heavy tax upon the
public. I call for the previous question upon the
passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to bo put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also vnoved to
lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, (at a quarter
before four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 13, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 6th ultimo, copies of the
instructions to, and dispatches from, the late and
from the present minister of the United States in
China, down to the period of the exchange of rati-
fications of the treaty of Tientsin; and also a copy
of the instructions from the Department of State,
of February, 1857, to Mr. Parker, former Com-
missioner to China, a report from the Secretary
of State, and the papers by which it was accom-
panied. A motion by Mr. Pearce, that it be
printed, and that fifteen hundred copies in addi-
tion to the usual number be printed for the use
of the Senate, was referred to the^Committee on
Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter of the acting Treasurer of the Unit{?B
States, accompanied by copies of the Treasurer's
accounts of the receipts and disbursements forthe
scrvice of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
years ending30th June, 1858,and 30th June, 1859;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 280) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain, was read
a first and second time, by unanimous consent,
and, on motion of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMOP.IALS.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a memorial of insur-
ance companies in New Orleans, praying the sub-
stitution of steamers of light draught for sailing
vessels in the revenue service;which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMMOND presented a petition of citi-
zens of Augusta, Georgia, praying the privilege
of paying at that place the duties on goods coming
through Charleston, South Carolina; which was I
referred to the Committee on Commerce. i
Mr. FITCH presented the petition of Israel
Johnson, praying payment for the transportation
and board of Indians, and other services rendered
by him by direction of the United States Indian
agents, while endeavoring to negotiate a treaty
with the Miami Indians, in 1833; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented papers in relation to the claim
of Stephen Bunnel, a quartermaster's sergeantin
the war of 1812, to a pension; which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was -
Ordered, That Antoine L. Portman have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis of Dent, Vantine
& Co., 011 the files of the Senate, be lel'erred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mi-
cajah Hawks, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 269) forthe relief of Micajah Hawks.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
JJe also, from the Committee on Pensions, sub-
mitted an adverse report on the claim of Adam
Sener to a pension; which was ordered to be
printed. .
Mr. MASON, from the Committeeon Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
John H. Wheeler, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of John
H. Wheeler. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the resolution and accompanying
papers respecting the claims of John P. Brown,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. ]S o.
271) for the relief of John P. Brown. The bill
was read, and passed to asccond leading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Charles E. Ander-
son, submitted, a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 272) for the relief of Charles E.Anderson.
The bill was read,<and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. E. Martin, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill(S. No. 273)
for the relief of the legal representatives of J. E.
Martin. The bill was read,and passed to aisecond
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Townsend Harris,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
274) for the relief of Townsend Harris. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Chums, to whom was referred the petition
of Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le
Caze, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 275) for the relief of Frederick Vincent,
administrator of James Le Caze, surviving part-
ner of Le Caze & Mallet. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, submitted an adverse report T>a the
claim of the heirs of Sour John, for the value of
an Indian reservation; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 88) to provide for a su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for Washington Ter-
ritory, and additional Indian agents, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Stephen Krebbs, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Rogers, for stor-
age of pro visions at Fort Smith, Arkansas, in 1837,
asked to be discharged from its consideration, and
that it be referred to the Court of Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom- was referred the pe-
tition of Peter Van Buskirk, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 277) for the relief
of Peter Van Buskirk. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed. ■"*
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Jacob Bigelow, administrator of
Francis Cazeau, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Isaac Vara,
sr., submitted a report, accompanied byabill (S.
No. 278) for the relief of Isaac Varn, sr. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, .to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas M. Newell,
submitted a report, accompanied byabill (S. No.
230) for the relief of Thomas M. Newell. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
! Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
! of D. G. Farragut, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 281) for the relief of D.
G. Farragut. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TOOMBS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
. No. 279) to establish a uniform law on the sub-
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United States;
' which was read twice by its title, and referred to
j the Committee on the Judiciary.
| He also,in pursuance of previous notice, asked
i and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 276)
to increase t^he salary of the jud^e of the district
court of the United States m the State of Georgia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
