1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and their business relations were entirely broken j
up. This amount that I have just named was j
paid to the representative of this firm, by act of j
Congress, in 1855; but no interest was allowed, i
and the question now is in regard to the interest, j
In the year 1784, when this debt was due, and I
credited to these men on the books of the Govern-
ment, Congress passed an act providing for the
payment of six per cent, interest on all debts for
services rendered, or moneys received, from any
individual by the Government, until the debt was
paid; and in 1796 another act was passed, author-
izing the funding of these debts, and still an
allowance of interest, and so until the 31st of De-
cember, 1797. During all that period, by a law
of the United States, interest was to be allowed at
six per cent, per annum, on all debts of this kind,
which were due from the Government to any indi-
vidual. There could be no higher evidence of the
debt than the fact that it stood on the books of the
Government, credited to these individuals. Under
these circumstances, the committee were clearly
of opinion that, under the direct laws of the land,
interest should be allowed on this claim from the
time it was credited on the books of the Govern-
ment, which was the 1st of July, 1782, to the lstof
December, 17S7; because, during all that period,
the law provided that interest should be paid. The
committee, therefore, allowed that; and they then
allowod interest upon that sum from the time the
demand was made on the Government, which was
ill 1844, up to this time. Under these circum-
stances, the committee were satisfied that simple
justice required the-payment of the amount.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a very great mistake to
suppose, because you find entries on the books of
the Government, it is conclusive evidence of the
existence of a debt. It is hardly any evidence at
all. If they were to be regarded as the founda-
tion of a iust claim, you might recover millions
against the Government in the face of its law
barring these claims. We have had case after
case, time after time, before us, and within the
last ten years bills have passed the House of Rep-
resentatives to pay claims that had been actually
paid already. There seems to be no account of any
demand by this man until 1844, and then, prob-
ably, that demand originated from somebody
hunting up the matter and taking out letters of
administration—somebody having access to the
books ofthe Governmenthere. That is often done
by a clerk in the Department, who is turned out.
Such persons get letters of administration and
hunt up these old claims; and I have known, in
cases of that kind, bills to be passed that the par-
ties themselves never heard of. There ought at
least to be the strongest and most conclusive rea- j
sons. The fact that the party died in a few years, |
is not sufficient. The fact that he removed to a j
foreign country, is far from sufficient. "Whether j
he lived abroad or hcie, if the claim was due he j
knew it. I have not the least doubt now that this i
originally was a fraud; and to allow interest
v.'ould only be adding to it. ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President  i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill, giv- ,
ing rise to debate, lies over under the order of the 1
Senate. !
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object to it, if that is the case. :
PETER VAN BUSKIRK. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 277) for the relief of Peter Van Buskiik. It
proposes to place the name of Peter Van Buskirk
on the roll of revolutionary pensioners, at the rate I
of §280 per annum, in lieu of sixty dollars per j
annum, to which he is entitled under the law of j
June 7, 1832, to commence on the 4th day of j
March, 1860. I
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report. j
The Secretary read the report of the Committee .
on Pensions, which states that the petitioner, who ,
is now ninety-five years old, has been allowed j
a pension of sixty dollars per annum for eigh-
teen months' service as a private; but that when
he made his original declaration, he was not
aware that the different grades, or length of ser-
vice, made any difference in the amount of pen-
sion due, and therefore did not claim for his ser-
vices as assistant commissary. Stephen Lutkins,
aged ninety-five years, testifies that he was well
acquainted with petitioner during the revolution-
ary war, and that he knows he acted as assistant
commissary. Stephen Westervelt, aged ninety-
one years* and Elizabeth Hopper, aged eighty-
seven years, corroborate this witness. AH these
witnesses are certified to be credible. Two pa-
pers are furnished, purporting to be receipts for
forage received from petitioner as assistant com-
missary.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that case,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it lies
over, under the order.
ISAAC VAKN, SR.
The bill (S. No. 278) for the relief of Isaac
Varo, sr., was next announced. It proposes to
require the Secretary of War to examine and ad-
jus t the claim of Isaac Varn, sr., of Duval county,
Florida, for the use and occupation of his prop-
erty, for wood and timber cut from his land, and
for other property belonging to him, and taken
and used by the United States troops, between
the 1st of April, 1836, and the 1st of July, 1841;
and to direct that the amount so found due, upon
competent and sufficient evidence, not exceeding
§5,000, shall be paid.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report.
Mr. CLARK. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the bill goes over, under the order.
THOMAS M. NEWELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 280) for the relief of Thomas M. Newell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is one of the inter-
est cases. I have contended against them all the
time. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It goes over,
under the objection.
D. G. FARRAOUT.
The bill (S. No. 281) for the relief of D. G.
Farrngut was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It will be an instruction to the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to allow to Captain
D. G. Farrngut, United States Navy, in the set-
tlement of his accounts, the sum of §407 19, be-
ing the amount paid by him as wages to two
master's nvates on board the United States ship
Warren, employed at Mare Island, California.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. TOOMBS called
for the reading of the report.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Anthony, from which it appeared that the peti-
tioner, a captain in the Navy, was in command
of the navy-yard at Mare Island, California, from
the 9th of August, 1854, to the l(ith of July, 1858;
and that, whilst in that position, he was author-
ized by the Navy Department to rate or enlist
two master's mates for the United States ship
Warren. The petitioner made the appointments
authorized, with a compensation at the rate of
§450 per annum, or §150 a year to each oyer and
above the usual pay, the Warren then being sta-
tioned at that port, and, as the petitioner alleges,
an amount insufficient for the support of an offi-
cer in California; and that the pay of the lowest
class of laborers in the navy-yard, at the time of
Ins command, was three dollais a day. The rate
of pay authorized by the commandant was sub-
sequently, on the adjustment of his accounts, dis-
approved at the Navy Department, and the differ-
ence between thatand the amour) (authorized upon
other stations charged against Captain Farragut's
individual account, thus leaving him no other
remedy .than an appeal to Congress. Extra com-
pensation has, in almost all cases, been allowod
to officers of the Government in California, on
account of the known high cost of living; and the
committee deem that Captain Farrngut should be
allowed the reasonable difference paid by him for
temporary officers, suitable to the care of large
amounts of public property, whose appointment
was ill lieu of officers of a higher grade in the
Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
P. W. LANDER.
.The bill (S. No. 284) for the relief of F. W.
Lander was announced as next in order. _ -
Mr. GREEN. Is there a written report in that
case ? I should like to hear it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. GREEN. I do not want to consume time
*
by asking for the further Treading" of the report.
I object to the bill anyho.w. ■
The PRESIBiNG OFFICER, The bill-will
be passed over, under the order.
john bhann'ak;
The bill (S. No. 285) fo'ivthe relief of John
Brannan was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of ,the""Wliole. It provides for '
the payment to John Brannan, an employe in
the Department of State, of the sum of $280, in
full for extra services as librarian in that Depart-
ment, from the 15th of September, 1858, to the
15th of January, 1859—being at the rate of four
dollars per day, after deducting the pay received
by him as an employe during the same time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know-
why the salary is increased. I do not wish to
object to the bill, but perhaps a statement of it
can be made. .
-Mr. IVERSGN. If the Senate will allow me,
I will read a letter from General Cass, which ex-
plains it:
Department of State. Washington,
March 6,1860.
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 3d instant, requesting
a statement of " all the facts relative to the performance
of the duties oflibiarian of this Department, by an employs,
John Biaiuian, dining the years 185S-59," I would respect-
fully state that the duty of answering Mr. Benjamin's res-
olution of June 14,1858, calling for a list of the claims filed
in this Department by citizens of the United States against
foieign Governments, &c., (sec Executive Document No. c
18, Senate, Thirty-Fifth Congress, seeond session,) was '
confided to the librarian, which necc&aanJy involved his
cntae absence from the library; during which period Mr.
Brannan, who had been detailed to assist in the library,
took charge of the same, and performed very satisfactorily
the duties oflibiarian, foi the time set foith in Mr. Bran-
nan's petition, now before your committee—namely, from
the loth of September, 1858, to the 15th of January, 3859.
I am, sir, jour obedient servant,
LEW: CASS.
Hon. A. Iverson, Chairman of the Committee on Claims,
Senate United States.
That is the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CLARK and others. I hope not.
The question being taken; on a division there
were—ayes 14, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the'yeas and nays.
That will show whether there is a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ftALE. By universal consent, I will with-
draw the motion. [" I object."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. I renew it. Let us take
a vote upon it, and carry it. I prefer voting on
the yeas and nays to adjourn over to Monday. I
think a majority of the Senate is for it.
Mr. HALE. I was goins; to wait until the ma-
jority came in, for there are a good many sensi-
ble men out. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows;
YEAS—Mesprs. Bragg. Chesnut, ColJamer, Durkee,
Fitzpatnck,Foot. Gieen, Giimes, Hale, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Latham, Pearee, Powell, Push, Rice, Saulsbury, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Sumner, and Trumbull—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Brown, Clark, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Foster, Gwm, Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter. I version,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Nicholson, Polk, TenEyck,
YVigfalJ, Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
BLIPHALBT JBKOWN, JR.
The next bill 011 the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 286) for the relief of EUphalet Brown, ir.
Mr. GRIMES. I have examined this bill, and
am satisfied it ought not to pass. I therefore ob-
icct to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being objected
to, it goes over.
Mr. HALE. By unanimous consent, I should
like to state a single fact. When Commodore
Perry was ordered to go out upon the Japan ex-
pedition there was no provision for artists; and he
engaged a number of men and enlisted them as
master's mates, and agreed, if they would go as
master's mates and perform the duties of artists,
they should be paid. There were several of them;
