1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
necessary for the United States to incur the addi-
tional expense of adding on another year of study,
which, besides, deranges the system of education.
Every oneof the old-established and distinguished
professors condemns the idea, after trying it for
three or four years. This does not come here as
a now idea. It is one very well undurstoud by
every officer of the Army; and I am surprised
that gentlemen come m now and persist in pre-
serving that which the Academy board has dis-
tinctly avowed they desire should be changed.
They are the men who should determine this
matter. They have watched the progress of the
Academy, and they present this proposition as a
necessary reform, which I hope this House will
try to establish. It is time the matter was settled,
and every reasonable man must perceive that four
years must be settled upon, or the public mind
will renew an old quarrel with this most essen-
tial foundation of all our military knowledge and
power.
The question was taken on Mr. JohnCoch-
rane's amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr, Stanton's
amendment, in the nature of a substitute; and it
was agreed to.
Fifty-third amendment:
Sec. 10. Jind he it further enacted, That the lot of land
in the city of San Antonio, Texas, donated to the United
States on the otli of March, 1853, as a bite for an aisenal
and barracks, but for which it lias been found tinsmtnhjp,
be, and the &airie is, reeonveyed to the said eit> of San
Antonio.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to strike out the word
" donated," and insert the word "given"—the
word " donated" not being properly a word in
the English language in that sense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs recommend concurrence in the amend-
ment of the Senate. I see no earthly objection to
it. The land was given to the General Govern-
ment, and was found to be unsuited for the pur-
pose, and it is now proposed to recede it.
The question was taken; and the amendment,
as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
committee do now rise and report the amendments
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburx, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the Senate
amendments to the Army appropriation bill, and
had directed him to report the same back to the
House, with a recommendation that some he con-
curred in, and others non-concurred in,andothers
concurred in with amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, ot Maryland, moved the previous
question on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I propose that a
vote be taken on the amendments as a whole, with
the exception of those on which separate votes
may be demanded.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen willindicatethose i!
amendments on which they desire to have sepa-
rate votes taken. J
Mr. WH1TELEY, (at nine o'clock and liftyN
minutes, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGIIT demanded a separate vote
on the ninth amendment.
Air. LOVEJOY. Should not the amendments
be read, so that members can designate those on ij
which they desire to have separate votes? j
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary. !!
Mr. BONHAM demanded separate votes on the
sixth and seventh amendments of the Senate. j:
Mr. REAGAN demanded separate votes on the
eleventh and fifteenth amendments of the Senate, ij
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded a separate vote on .
the thirteenth amendment of the Senate. j|
Mt. DAVIS, of Mary land, demanded a separate ;
vote on the fifty-ninth amendment of the Senate. ]i
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move a concur- u
rence in the action of the Committee of the Whole !
on the state of the Union on those amendments ;
on which a separate vote has not been asked. I
The motion was agreed to. I
The House then proceeded to consider and dis-
pose of the amendments upon which separate
votes had been demanded.
Sixth amendment:
For ttie construction of a military post in or near the
valley ot the Red River of the North, between the forty-
sixth unci 1'orty-f.evcntli degrees of mirth latitude, $50,000;
the site to lie selected and the post built under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
For the construction of barracks and quarters at Fort
Cobb, in the Indian Territory, $100,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommencfed a non-concurrence.
Mr. BONHAM. I hope that that amendment
will be concurrcd in, as the other one has been,
and that we shall not make fish of one and flesh
of the other.
Mr. LANDRUM. I call for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. French and
WinrELEY were appointed.
Mr. BONHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to move to reduce the amount to
§50.000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. That fort will cost §200,000.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the seventh amendment of the Senate was
not concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now move to
reconsider the vote by which the sixth amend-
ment, for the fort on Red river, was concurred in.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the vote will be re-
considered, and the amendment lejected. Both
should be treated alike.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the sixth amendment ©f the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Ninth amendment:
To enable the Third Auditor of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of officers now suspended, for disbursements
through the Quartermaster General's department ior sup-
plied furnished and f-toies trcuisj>orted lur the three com-
panies of volunteers called into the service of the United
States in the Temtory of Kansas, in 1856, by authority ot
the War Depai tiuciit, the &uin of $5,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
For the support of one regiment of Texas mounted vol-
unteer, authorized by the act approved the 7th of April,
1853, $788,J5W 0U.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. REAGAN, I demand the yeas and nays
on that amendment. I want gentlemen to put
themselves on the record, and I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Sec. 2. ''2nd he it further enacted. That there be added
to the uK'dical corps of the Auny lour surgeons and tour
assistant smceoni, to be appointed in accordance with the
existing law*.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
tfec\ 7. And he u further enacted. That the ptovi«ions of
the second section ot the art ot the- 'M of March. Ib.VJ, be
extended mi as to include all the motley advanced bv the
.State of Tcxa> m pawwnt <- f voIuiiU-ch called out in de-
fence of the tiontser ot that Mate Mnee th" 26th of fYbiu-
nry, 1M3. Provided. The ^eeietai) uf War shall be >aii —
tied that th'"1!*1 w:h' uece<.Mty tor ca'ling ont lhe-.i; troops,
that tiu'V weie called out bv the competent autbomy, and
that the amount so claimed was actually paid by the -aid
State. And that the amount herein provided for shall not
exceed the sum of.$1^,544 51.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-second amendment:
Sec. 9. Jhd be it Jurthei■ enacted, That each candidate,
when admitted into the Military Academy as a cadet under
the qualifications noiv required, who shall make applica-
tion for advancement to a class that has passed through the
course of study prescribed for the first, first two, or first
three years, and who upon examination by tile academic
boaid shail be found proficient in the academic course pre-
scribed for the first, the first two, or the iirsc three years,
may lie advanced to such class.
The Committee of the Whole on tlie state of
the Union recommended that the amendment of
the Senate be concurred in, with an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 rise to a question
of privilege. I move to reconsider the totes by
which the House acted upon the amendments of
the Senate; and also move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. *
The latter motion was agreed to„
I1ARR0DSBURG MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the consent of the
House to take up House bill No. 324, authorizing
the sate of the Western Military Asylum at Har?
rodsburg, Kentucky, with the amendment of the
Senate.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and the amendment of
the Senate concurred in.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House concurred in the amendment
of the Senate; and also moved to Jay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. PHELPS, (at ten
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 15, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Cturley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. LANE. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon suggests that the further reading of tha
Journal be dispensed with. It requires unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate of the 2d instant,
calling for the report of Brevet Brigadier General
J. G. Totten, chief engineer, of his late recon-
noissance of the Pacific coast of the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of tho
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 31st ultimo,
a copy of the report and plan for the better organ-
ization of the militia of the District of Columbia,
recently submitted to that department by mem-
bers of the board of Army and militia officers, ap-
pointed for the purpose of taking into consider-
ation, and reporting upon, the subject of a reor-
ganization of the militia in the District of Colum-
bia; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance*
with a resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant
calling for the report of Lieutenant Michlar, of
the survey of an mteroceanic ship canal near the
Isthmus of Darien, via the Atrato and Truando
rivers, a report from the chief topographical
engineer, containing information in regard to the
report in question; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
LAND CLAIM IX OREGON.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 374) for tho relief of the Missionary So-
ciety of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Mr. MASON. lam afraid that bill will occupy
some tiiii^-, and 1 want to make a report.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will allow it to be
taken up, then 1 will yield to him.
Mr. MASON. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
fmm Oregon yield tho floor?
Mr. LANE. 1 will, if the Senator will allow
the bill to be taken up.
Mr. MASON. I do not object to that.
