1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
282) to increase the salary of the judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district of
Connecticut; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr, WILSt)N. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, Tlmt the Committee on,Foreign Relations be
Instructed to inquire and report to the Senate whether the
late treaty with Great Britain, for the suppression of the
Afiicuii slave trade, has been executed, and whether any
further legislation is necessary, by way of amendment of
existing laws, for the more effectual suppression thereof.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution, must lie over.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
_ Mr. PEARCE submitted the follo\$$ng resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Prin ting:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, six thousand two hundred copies of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1859;
one thousand two hundred of which for the use of the Sen-
ate, and five thousand for distribution by said superintend-
ent; that the same be printed and bound with the charts
and sketches in quarto form, and that the printing of said
charts and sketches shall be done to the satisfaction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 239)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Charles
Pearson, deceased.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 324) authorizing the sale
of the Western Military Asylum in Harrods-
burg, Kentucky, in which the concurrence of the
SJenate was requested.
Also, that the House had ordered the printing
of certain documents.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the bill from the
House (No. 324) authorizing the sale of the West-
ern Military Asylum in Harrodsburg, Kentucky,-
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
WASHINGTON JAIL.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask fbr its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That tile Committee on the District of Colum-
bia bo directed to consider $c expediency of doing home-
thing to impiove the condition of the common jail in the
city of Washington.
Before the question is put, I desire to say that
I have visited that jail; and I have found itneithor
more nor less than a mere human sty; and since
the Senate has undertaken to send a*fellow-crea-
ture there, I think the least it can do is to see that
something is done to improve its condition.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mj- CHANDLER. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 37, for the purpose of fixing the time when
the vote may be taken upon it. It was made a
special order for a day some time since, but was
overslaughed. I now desire to fix a time when
the vote shall absolutely be taken; and I move
that the bill be taken up for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan to take
up the bill making an appropriation for deepen-
ing the channel over the St. Clair flats, in the
State of Michigan.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall object to that bill
being taken up for the purpose'indicated by the
Senator from Michigan. He seems to anticipate
that the vote is to be taken on that bill without
debate. That is a thing entirely out of the ques-
tion. If taken up at all and pressed, it must lead
to a protracted debate; and I submit again to the
Senator from Michigan, as I did the other dav,
whether it is worth while to consume the time of
the Senate in the consideration of a bill that is
sure to meet with the Executive veto 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana will be good enough to pause a mo-
March 13,
ment. The Chair must call up the special order
at this hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone the
special order, for the purpose of taking up this
bill and assigning a day for disposing of it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order,
which the Chair calls up at this hour, is the home-
stead bill. The Senator from Michigan moves to
postpone that and all other orders.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion being
withdrawn, the homestead bill is before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. GWIN. I move to suspend the special
order, for the purpose of taking up the West Point
appropriation bill, which was the unfinished busi-
ness of our last legislative day; and I ask the
Chair if that is not the unfinished business, and
therefore the first business in order? We ad-
journed on tli^t bill on Thursday evening last.
Friday was private bill day. Yesterday was taken
ur> with a question of privilege; and we never got
to the unfinished business. Is it not in order now
to proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of Thursday last? Is not that the first
business regularly in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. GWIN. I make the motion to take it up.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays, with-
out debate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone the special order,
now before the Senate, and other special orders,
with a view to take up the Military Academy bill,
upon which the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the motion will not
prevail; not that I have any objection to the pas-
sage of that bill, but the bill reported by the Ju-
diciary Committee in reference to the enlargement
of the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, was
discussed in the Senate, under aspecialorder, made
some fortnight or ten days ago; it was,afteccon-
sideration, postponed, and made the special order
for yesterday; and yesterday it could not come
up, because a question of privilege consumed the
entire day. I endeavored, at the close of the.ses-
sion, then, to have it called up, in order to leave
it as the unfinished business for to-day; but I was
cut off in that by a motion to adjourn. But as it
was the special order for yesterday, and, as^ I
presume, the special order for to-day, the bill of
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, will hardly
now bo called up, as the House have passed a
similar bill, which has gone to a committee, I
hope that bill will have the preference, and be dis-
posed of. It is out of committee, subject only to
amendments in the Senate. It is a hill of great
importance; and, although I<k> not mean to under-
rate at all the importance of the bill which it is
now moved to take up, I consider that the bill re-
ported from the Judiciary Committee ought to be
acted on and disposed of, and is entitled to pref-
erence. I shall therefore vote against the motion
to postpone, with that view,and then I shall make
a motion to take up the bill with reference to the
Court of Claims.
Mr. WIGPALL. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator
moment?
Mr. WIGPALL. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. I did not understand the question
made by the Senator from Delaware. Does he
state that the unfinished business is the Court of
Claims bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question before the Senate. It is the
motion to postpone the prior orders with a view
to take up the Military Academy bill. The Sena-
tor from Delaware objects to the motion, because
he desires to take up a bill from the Judiciary
Committee; but the question the Chair has just
stated is the question before the Senate, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Then I change my motion. I
want to separate the questions. I have no objec-
tion to taking up the bill of the Senator from D( I-
aware, if it can be disposed of; it is unfinished
business that has been discussed; but I want the
West Point appropriation bill, being in the same
give me one
conditio^ to be disposed of before we proceed to
any new business. My object is to take up the
business that has been discussed, and dispose of
it. If the Senator from Delaware makes a motion
to take up his bill, if it is agreeable to the Senator
from Texas I will withdraw my motion. I want
to take up the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can
be withdrawn by unanimous consent only, the
yeas and nays having been ordered.
Mr. KING. If it is not to be renewed, I have
no_objection to the withdrawal; but if it is, I must
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the withdrawal of the motion ?
M . KING. I ask the Senator from California
whether he intends to renew the motion?
Mr. HALE. I object to withdrawing the mo-
tion.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Delaware said
his bill was the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to ask a question. If
I heard distinctly the Journal, as it was read, it
states that, on the motion of the Senator from Del-
aware, the bill relating to the Court of Claims was
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator mis-
understood.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then, I very respectfully
contend that, if that be not the case, the unfinished
business is the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy, which went
over on Thursday last, and was the unfinished
business of that day. Friday was devoted to
another special purpose—private bills. I submit,
with great deference to the opinion of the Chair,
that it now comes up regularly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule of the
Senate is, that the unfinished business of the last
preceding adjournment shall have preference in
the orders of the day. The bill from the Judi-
ciary Committee might have been the unfinished
business on Thursday, but certainly could not
have precedence in the orders of the day on Tues-
day of the following week. The Chair decides
that it is not the unfinished business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the friends of the
homestead bill will not allow it to be postponed
by this means, and particularly after th#remarks
of the Senator from California. It is apparent
that the Senator from California wishes to kill the
homestead bill, because he is willing to take up
any other bill. His motion is not made because
he wishes to (get uji the West Point bill. That is
not his object. He is willing that the bill reported
from the Judiciary Committee should come up;
and this motion is therefore made, and manifestly
so, for the purpose of defeating and overslaugh-
ing the homestead bill, in the same way that it
was done at the last session of Congress. We
never could get a direct vote on it. Now, I trust
the 
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator make his allu-
sion to me ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did allude to the Sena-
tor from California, because J understood him to
say that, if the bill from the Judiciary Committee
ctmie up, 1ft would withdraw his motion. He
moved to postpone the homestead bill, to get rid
of that first, as I understood him to say, to j"et
up the Military Academy bill ; but when he was
told that a bill from the Judiciary Committee
would come up, that satisfied him. He cared
nothing about the Military Academy bill particu-
larly, but was willing any other bill should come
up in place of the homestead bill, because he was
willing, as I understood him to say, that the Ju-
diciary bill should come up.
Mi. GWIN. Will the Senator permit me a
moment r He ought to have heard what I said.*
I called up the Military Academy appropriation
bill, as the unfinished business, as 1 thought, on
the Calendar. The Chair having decided against
U been intimated that the Court
of Claims bill had come up yesterday, and was
so stated on the record, I wanted to finish that,
and agreed to let itflbc taken up. I want to finish
the business we have under consideration before
we take up any new bill. I shall vote against
taking up the homestead bill, or any other special
order, until we get clear of the business we have
