THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, to
take up the bill (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of
the Missionary Society of the Methodist Episco-
pal Church.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. Now, if the Senator desires it, I
will yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate; but, by unanimous consent, the Sena-
tor from "Virginia will make a report. The Chair
hears no objection.
ua&per's ferry invasion.
Mr. MASON. I desire (o make a report from
the selcct committee of the Senate, who were ap-
pointed by the Senate at an early period of the
session to investigate the late seizure of the pub-
lic property at Harper's Ferry, &c., by John
Brown, and of the matters connected with it. The
report is a long one, and although it is usual to
read reports of this character, with the permission
of the Senate I will not do it; but I will read only
the conclusions at which the committee arrive,
which will occupy but a few moments. The re-
port is accompanied by the testimony in full that
was taken before the committee, and with various
documents which were before the committee and
■which were connected with it. The conclusion
of the report is in these words:
" Upon the whole testimony, there can he no doubt that
Biown's plan was to commence a servile war on the bor-
ders of Virginia, which he expected to extend, and which
lie believed his means and resources were sufficient to ex-
tend through that State and throughout the entire South.
Upon being questioned, soon aftei his capture, by the Gov-
ernor of Vngimu, as to his plans, he rather indignantly re
pellcd the idea that It was to be limited to collecting and
protecting the slaves until they could be sent out of the
State as fugitives. On the contraiy, he vehemently insisted
that his purpose was to retain them on the soil, to put arms
in their hands, with which he came provided for the pur-
pose, and to use them as his soldiery. (Pp. 61,02.)
" This man (Brown) was uniformly spoken of, by those
who seemed best to have known him, as of remarkable
reticencft iu lit*habit*,or,as theyoxprohsed it, 'secretive.''
Il docs not appear that he intiusted even his immediate fol-
lowers with i N plan**, fully, oven alter they were ripe (or
execution. Nor have the committee been enabled clearly
to trace knowledge ot them to any. The only exception
would seem to be in the instance of the anonymous lottei
received by the Secretary of War in the summer preceding
the attack, relerred to in his testimony. The Secretaiy
ishow-s that he could get no clue to the writer ; nor wcie
the committee enabled in any way to tract; him. Con^idei-
ing that the Icttoi was anonymous, as well as vague and
apparently incoherent iu its'.statements, it tva* not at all
reumikimle, in the opinion of the eommittee, that it did not
anesi the attention ol the oliieer to whom it vvasaddie.-sed.
The point chosen for the attack seems to have been se-
lected Itom the twofold inducement ot the soeuiityafforded
the invaders bv a mountain country, and the large deposit
ot arms in the arsenal of the United States there situated.
It icsulted m the muidei ot three mosticspcetuble citizens
of the Statu ot Vuginia u ithout cause, and in the like min-
der of an unoffending free negro. Of the military force
brought against them, one marine was killed and one
wounded; whilst eight of the imhtia and other forces ol
the neighboihood vveic wounded, with more or loss bover
ity. In the several assaults made by them.
k'< Of the list of ' insurgents' given in Colonel Leo's re-
port, (fourteen whites and live ncgious,) lliown, Stevens,
and Coppie, of the white-., with Shield*), Green, and Cope
land, ol" the negroes, captured at the storming ot the engine-
house, were subsequently executed m Virginia, after ju-
dicial trial; as were also John ft. Cook and Albeit Ha/Jett,
who at first escaped, but were captured in Pennsylvania
and delivered up for trial to the authouties ot Virginia-
making in all seven thus executed. It does not seem to
have been very cleatly ascertained how many ot the patty
escaped. Brown stated that his party consisted of twenty-
two in number. Seven were executed, ten were killed at
the Feiry , thus leaving five to be accounted for. Fout of
these live, it is believed, were left on the Maryland side in
charge ot the arms whenIJrown ciossedthe rivei,andwho
could not aftei wards join him ; leaving hut one, who, as it
would appear, is the only survivor ot the paity who accom-
panied ltrovvn across the bridge, and whose escape is not
accounted foi.
The committee, after much consideration, are not pre-
pared to suggest any legislation, which, in their opinion,
would be adequate to prevent like oceunences in the lutury.
The on!) ptovisions in the Constitution ot the United States
which would heeiii to import any authoiity in the Govern-
ment ot'tiie United States to inteileiv on occasions affect-
ing the peace ornately ot the States, are found in the eighth
suction of the fir t article, among the power.-. of Congress,
'to provide for calling for the militia to execute the laws
of the Union, suppiess insurrections, and icpel invasions;'
and in the fourth section of the touitli aitiele, in the fol-
lowing words: '• The United States shall guaiantv to every
State m tins Union a lepublican form ot Government, and
shall protect < ach of them against invasion, and, on the
application of the jLegisiuiuie or of the Executive, (when
tiie Legcdatuie cannot be convened,) against domestic vio-
lence.' The ' invasion" here spoken of would seem to nn-
poit an invasion by the public force of a foteign Power, or
(if not so limited and equally referable to an invasion bv
one State of another) still it would seem that public foice,
or foice ex'Tciscd under the sanction ot acknowledged po-
litical power, is there meant. The invasion (to call it so)
by Brown and his followeis at Harper's Ferry, was in no
sense of that character, it was simply the act of lawless
ruffians, under the sanction of no public or political author-
ity—distinguishable only from ordinary felonies by the ul-
terior ends m contemplation by them, and by the fact that
the money to maintain the expedition, and the large arm-
ament they brought with them, had been contributed and
furnished by the citizens of other States of the Union, un-
der circumstances that must continue to jeopard the safety
and peace of the southern States, and against which Con-
gress lias no power to legislate.
" If the several States, whether from motives of policy
or a desire to pieserve the peace of the Union, if not from
fraternal feeling, do not hold it incumbent on them, after
the experience of the country, to guard in future by appro-
priate legislation against occurrences similar to the one here
inquired into, the committee can find no guarantee else-
where for the security of peace between the States of the
Union.
" So far, however, as the safety of the public property is
involved, the committee would earnestly recommend that
provision should be made by the Executive, or, if necessary,
by law, to keep under adequate military guard the public
armories and arsenals of the United States, in some way
after the manner now practiced at the navy-yards and forts.
" Before closingtheh report,the committee deem itprop-
er to state that tour persons summoned as witnesses, to
wit: John Brown, jr., of Ohio, James Red path of Massa-
chusetts, Frank B. Sanborn of Massachusetts, and Thad-
deus Hyatt of New York, failing or refusing to appear be-
fore the committee, warrants were issued by order of the
Senate for their arrest. Of these, Thaddem Hyatt only
was arrested; and on hia appearance before the Senate,
still refusing obedience to the summons of the committee,
he was by order of the Senate committed to the jail ot the
District of Columbia. In regaid to the others, it appeared
by tiie return of the marshal of the northern dtstiict ol Ohio,
as deputy of the Sergeant-at-Arin*, that John Drown, jr.,
at first evaded the process of the Senate, and afterwards,
with a number of other poisons, aimed themselves to pre-
vent his anest. The marshal further reported in his return
that Brown could not be arrested unle«« he was authorized
m like manner to employ torce. Sanborn was arrested by
a deputy of the Serjeant-at-Arms, and aftoi wards released
from custody by the judges of the suptemo court of.Massa-
chusetts on habeas corpus. Uedpatli, by leaving his State,
or otherwise concealing himself, successfully evaded the
pioeess of the Senate.
" And the comiuittec ask to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject."
I am instructed by the committee to move that
the report, together with the evidence and docu-
ments accompanying it, arid the journal of the
committee, he printed for the use of the Senate,
and the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My colleague upon the
committee, the distinguished Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collameu,] having been confined to
his room this morning by illness, 1, in behalf of
the minority, submit the views of the minority,
which were prepared by him; and I desire that
the motion of the Senator from Virginia shall be
so amended as to include the printing of the views
of the minority.
Mr. MASON, Of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is tinned and
seconded that the report of the committee, to-
gether with the views of the minority, be printed,
and that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am also instructed by the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
72) to provide for the suppression of the invasion
of one State or Territory by or from another, or
the fitting out of military expeditions or enter-
prises in one Suite or Territory against another,
and for the punishment of such offenses, to ask
to be discharged from its further consideration for
the reasons stated in the report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The selectcommitteeappointed
by a resolution of the Senate of the 14th of De-
cember, 1859, having had referred to them a peti-
tion purporting to be signed by "citizens of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, of African de-
scent," report that fact to the Senate, and ask to
be discharged from its consideration; and the com-
mittee recommend to the Senate the adoption of
the following lesolution:
Resolved, That the paper purpot ting to be a petition fiom
" citizens of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, of Af-
rican descent,5' presented to the Senate by Charles Sra-
nfr, a Senator of Massachusetts, on the 5th ot June in-
stant, and, on his motion, icicried to t\ select committee ot
the Senate, be retained by the Secretary to the Senator
who presented it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia has submitted a report and a resolution,
and asks that the committee be discharged.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I expected that my col-
league upon the committee, the Senator from Ver-
mont, would have been present this morning, to
have stated to the Senate the views entertained by
the minority. We dissent from the resolution
which is recommended by the majority of the
committee, upon principles of natural justice, of
constitutional obligation, and of sound policy.
We do not believe that the right of petition should
be denied to any class of human beings, subject
to our jurisdiction and amenable to our laws, and
especially to any class of persons who are citizens
of any one of the States of this Confederacy.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator intend to call
up this resolution for consideration to-day?
Mr. MASON. Just as the Senate wish.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the report must lie over.
THADDKUS HYATT.
Mr. MASON. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Lewis Tappari and others, citizens of
the State of New York, praying that Thaddcus
Hyatt be removed from the common jail to a
comfortable and well-ventilated residence, and
that he be allowed opportunities of air and exer-
cise, to ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Henry T. Cheever and others, citizens of
Jewett City, Connecticut, praying the release of
Thaddcus rlyatt from imprisonment, to ask to be
discharged from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now desire to submit a re-
port, which I suppose will not be objected to in
any quarter:
The select committer appointed to inquire into the lats
seizure of the public property at Harper's Ferry, &c., by
John JJiown, having made their report to the Senate, and
been discharged fioin further consideration of the subject,
it Is
Orderei, That Thaddcus Hyatt, a witness confined in
the jail of this city, for refusal to appear and testify bctore
said committee, he dischaiged from custody, and that a
copj of this oider be delivered to the jailor by the Sergeant-
at-Arms as his wariaut lor dischaiging said prisoner.
I will say in a word that, so far as I was in-
strumental in procuring the arrest of this man,
and his committal to jai!, it was done in vindica-
tion of the authority of the Senate; and I should
be, so far as I am concerned as a Senator, for de-
taining him there until his testimony was given;
but the committee now being discharged from its
duty, there is no committee before which the tes-
timony can go; and, therefore, I move his dis-
charge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Js the Senate ready
for the question?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I welcome
with pleasure 
Mr. LANE. I believe the bill in regard to the
claim of the Methodist Episcopal Church in Ore-
gon is now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proceeding of
the Senator from Virginia has been by unanimous
consent. If objection be made, the present reso-
lution must lie over until to-morrow. If not, the
Senator from Massachusetts is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LANE. Then, Mr. President, I ask for
action on the bill now before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Oregon not to make any objection; because it will
only result in keeping this man m jail another
day in this hot weather. I think lie will hardly
take that responsibility.
Mr. LANE. The Senate had the kindness to
allow the bill for the relief of the Methodist mis-
sion in Oregon to be taken up this morning, and
1 am sure it will not take five minutes to con-
sider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This question can be dis-
posed of m five or ten minutes also; and the hon-
orable Senator can hardly desire to take the re-
sponsibility, under the circumstances, of keeping
this man in prison another day, merely for the
sake of calling up this bill ten minutes sooner or
later.
Mr. LANE. I am sure that I have never
placed myself in the way of the wish of the Sen-
ate. I have no disposition to do so; but this bill
has been before the Senate for a long time. It is
a House bill, and has been unanimously reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs. I think
it will not take five minutes.
