98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
this city seeking thy place of Chaplain here. The
plan was adopted of inviting clergymen of Wash-
mgtomcity to officiate, I think, for the purpose of
correcting that evil. It. has been corrected; but it
saems to me that to bring; the clergymen of this
city without pay to the Capitol to officiate, is im-
posing a burden 011 them. Besides, these clergy-
men cannot become acquainted with us. We
cannot look to them as we should look to a Chap-
lain of the Senate. I think the plan of the last
Congress is a very poor substitute for the former
plan of having u Chaplain of the body, to whom
we can look and consider as such; a Chaplain
who would become acquainted with us, and who
would know the interests and wants of the body,
i hope, therefore, that this resolution will not be
pressed, and that the Senate will elect a Chaplain.
There are several clergymen in the city of Wash-
ington of character and influence and of ability,
and we can select from among them one who can
officiate here. I hope that the resolution will not
be adopted, but that we shall elect as Chaplain
some one who is a regular settled clergyman here
in the city ofWashington. t
Mr. BIGrLER. Mr. President, the resolution
which I offered is a copy of one offered and
adopted at the last session. I was aware that
there would be some diversity of opinion on the
subject. Some Senators had expressed their dis-
satisfaction with the system which we had during
the last Congress; nor am I myself partial to it.
My object was to bring the subject before the
Senate. Since then, I have consented, at the in-
stance of some of the older m  mbers of the body,
to modify the resolution so as to authorize the
Vice President to select one clergyman from each
denomination to act, with a view, at the close of
the session, of paying these gentlemen a fair com-
pensation for their services, and of reducing the
number. I acknowledge the force of what has
been said by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
was not at all satisfied with the plan of inviting
all the clergymen of the city; but it will be for
the disposition of the Senate. 1 care very little
about the matter. 1 am perfectly willing to return
to the old system of electing Chaplains. I think,
however, the modification which I propose to
make to my resolution a great improvement on
the old system. I therefore modify it accordingly,
so as to read:
That tiu> Wo President he authorized to select one fron*i
each denomination ot the city ot' Washington, to officiate,
&c.
Mr. BROWN, I think the Senator, instead of
improving the resolution by that modification, has
made it worse. I would rather vote for it in the
original form. If Congress was organized and
ready to proceed to business, I would move to
amend the resolution by appointing a day when
the Senate would proceed to elect a Chaplain, but
1 suppose the Senate would hardly elect a Chnp-
lain before the two Houses ready/or business.
Senators around me tell me there is no objection
to that proceeding now, before we are notified that
the other House is ready to proceed to business.
I therefore move to strike out all after the word
"resolved," and insert:
That the Senate will proofed on Thursday next, at twelve
o'clock, noon, to the election of a Chaplain.
The amendment was agreed to:
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The question now is on the adoption
of the resolution as amended.
Mr. BRiG-HT. Let us hear it read, as it stands
now.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That the Senate will pinfeed, on Thuisday
next, to the election cA a Chaplain lor the Senate.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
invasion or harper's ferry.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, which was submitted by
Mr. Mason, on the 5th instant:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire into
the tacts attending the late invaMOn and seizure of thearm-
o;y and ar.->en-il of the United Staler at liupei's Feiry, in
Virginia, by n band ot aimed men, and report whether the
same wa^ attended by aimed re>i-t<UK>e to the aulhonties
and public tore" ot the United States, ued by the muuler
ot any of the citizens ot Virginia, or of any troops sent
tlvre to pioteet the public piojvrty; whether s-ueh mvasion
and ?ei/jue win made uiidei color of any organization
intended to subveit the government of any of the States of
Ut< Umou; wirnr u\« -< tne eh.irtetn and extent of such or-
ganization ; and whether any citizens of the United States,
not present, were implicated therein or accessory thereto
by contributions of money, arms, munitions, or otherwise;
what was the character and extent of the military equip-
ment in the hands, or under the control, of said armed band,
and where and how and when the same was obtained and
transported to the place so invaded. And that said com-
mittee report whether any and what legislation may, in
their opinion, be neceysary, on the part of the United States,
for the future preset vation of the peace of the country, or
for the safety of the public property; and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
The pending question is on the following amend-
ment, which was moved by Mr. Trumbull:
After the word iC invaded, "in the fourth clause of the
resolution, nweit:
And that the sa*d committee also inquire into the facts
attending the invasion, seizure, and robbery, in December,
J 855, of the arsenal of the United States, at Liberty, in the
State of Missouri, by a mob or body of armed men, and
report whether such seizure and robbery was attended by
resistance to the authorities of the United States, and fol-
lowed by an invasion ot the Territory of Kansas, and the
plunder and murder of any of its inhabitants, or of any cit-
izen ot the United States, by the persons who thus seized
the arms and ammunition of the Government, or others
combined with them. Whethei said seizure and robbery
of the arsenal were made under color of any organization
intended to subvert the government of the States or Terri-
tories of the Union; what was the character and extent of
such organization; and whether any citizens of the United
States, not present, were implicated therein or accessory
thereto by contnbutions of money, arms, ammunition, or
otherwise; what was the chaiacter and extent of the mili-
tary equipments in the hands or under the control ot said
mob, and how and when and where the same were subse-
quently used by said mob; what was the value of the arms
and ammunition oi every description so taken from said
- arsenal by the mob; whether the same or any part thereof
have been returned; and the value ot such were lost;
whethei Captain Luther Leonard, the United States officer
in command ol the arsenal at the time, communicated the
tacts in relation to its seizure and robbery to his superior
officer, and what measures, if any, were taken in relerenee
thereto.
Mr. IVERSON. Before the Senator fromTen-
nessee, who is entitled to the floor, proceeds with
his remarks on the resolution, I desire the indul-
gence of the Senate, while i make a very brief
personal explanation, connected somewhat with
the question before the Senate. I am reported in
the paper called the " Constitution," of this city,
as having made the following remarks:
"lie believed the northern poitum of the Democratic
paity was us lotton on this vital question as the Republi-
cans themselves, and could see no ditferenee between
Judge Douglas and his supporter, and the Senatois from
Massachusetts."
I am not entirely correctly reported by the
" Constitution" in the remarks which I submitted
on that occasion. I suppose that in the hurry
and uncertainty of the proceedings, I may have
been misunderstood by the reporter for that paper.
What I did say, and what has been reported as
having been said by the. official reporters of the
Senate, was that I believed a large portion of the
Democratic party in the northern btates was as
rotten on the vital question as the Senator from
Massachusetts. Nov/, sir, what i meant was, not
that 1 believed the Democratic party in the north-
ern States, or any portion of it—any respectable
portion of it, at least—sympathized with Brown
and his acts; I did not refer to any supposed sym-
pathy existing in the minds of the Democratic
party of the northern States for the outrage per-
petrated at Harper's Ferry, or the sentiments
which hod been expressed by Brown, or by any
man who sympathized with him. I intended,and
so the remarks themselves would indicate, m
speaking of the unsoundness of the Democratic
party, or a large portion of it in the northern
States, simply to refer to the question which has
agitated the country for the last two years or
more, and which has divided parties m this coun-
try—I mean the subject of the territorial rights of
the southern people.
I am far from charging the Democratic party
with any complicity with John Brown or his acts.
Although there may be some of them who feel
with the Republicans upon this question, yetl do
not believe that any respectable portion of the
Democratic party m the northern States do sym-
pathize with Brown or his acts. Neither do I
believe that they sympathize with his intentions,
with his designs, or with that rabid feeling of anti-
slavery which exists in the minds of the Repub-
lican party of the northern States. I am far from
supposing that any portion of the Democratic
party of the northern States would justify a vio-
lent inroad upon any of the southern States, or
attempt to put down slavery by violence and
bloodshed; far from it, sir. I believe that upon
that question, at least, the Democraticrparty of the
northern States is sound.
But, while I acquit them of all complicity with
Brown, or sympathy with him, or favor or ap-
proval of the course that he has pursued, and of
what has led him to pursue that course, yet I am
free to say that, upon one vital question—one
which I consider, and the southern people con-
sider vital to their rights, their honor, and their
interests, the large portion, if not the whole of
the northern Democracy are unsound—I mean
the question of territorial rights. The southern
people, or a large majority of them, and I amongst
the rest, believe that the people of the southern
States have the right, under the Constitution, to
emigrate to the new Territories with their slave
property; and that, when they go there with their
slave property, during the existence of a territo-
rial government, that they have the right to the pro-
tection of law in the enjoyment of that property
whilst there, and that Congress has the power,
and that it is the incumbent duty of Congress to
give that protection. That is what we believe;
that is what the southern people believe; certainly
what I believe.
Now, sir, it cannot be disputed that that is not
the position of the northern Democracy, if I un-
derstand their true position—at least, not of that
portion (as X intimated) who followed the lead of
the distinguished Senator from Illinois. They
deny the power of Congress over the subject.
They deny that Congress can exercise jurisdic-
tion. They deny that Congress can or ought to
give protection to the property of slaveholders
who emigrate to the common territory. They
say that this power belongs to the people of the
Territory themselves, in their territorial form;
and that whenever a sufficient number of em-
igrants go into a common territory to form a po-
litical community, those people have the complete
and uncontrolled power to regulate the subject of
domestic slavery as they choose, and that neither
Congress nor any other human tribunal has any
authority to correct anything which they may
do. That I understand to be the position occu-
pied by Senator Douglas, and by those who ad-
vocate and support his position. Sir, I say that
that is quite as unsound, so far as I understand
the meaning of soundness upon the question of
slavery, as the Wilmot pioviso itself.
When I said, on a former occasion, that the
Democratic party, I feared, if not corrupt, was
at least corruptible, I did not, of course, mean to
allude to them in a moral sense. I did not intend
to impute moral turpitude—by no means. I spoke
in a political sense. What I meant to say, and
what I intended, was this: that if the Dem-
ocratic party of the northern States were not
already unsound on the question of slavery, I
apprehended that the time was fast coming when
they would come to be so; that, under the pressure
and influence of the strong and overruling anti-
slavery sentiment of the North, if they had not
already become abolitionizcd, they would, in the
end, become so, as the Whig party of the North
had long since become. I will not stop here, sir;
I will not take up the time of the Senate to eluci-
date this position and show the reason and foun-
dation of my apprehensions on this subject. The
time may come when I may be disposed to trouble
the Senate with an exposition of my views on this
point; but I will not take up the time of the Senate
now, unless it becomes necessary in consequence
of the remarks of other gentlemen.
Why, sir, the truth is, that I understand and
consider that this position which a portion of the
northern Democracy, and I suppose the majority
of the Democratic party in the northern States,
have taken upon the subject of southern rights in
the Territories, is quite as fatal to the rights of
the southern States as the Wilmot proviso itself;
and it is a step taken by a majority, as I under-
stand, of the northern Democracy towards a de-
nial of the rights of the southern States, and
finally to end in that state of feeling which now
exists among the Republican party. The first
step which the old Whig party took towards abo-
lition was the advocacy of the Wilmot proviso;
and we all know that,^ from that time up to the
present day, they have gone on and become more
and more hostile to slavery, more and more intense
in their opposition to it, until they have come now
to a position which endangers the existence of the
Union itself. And, sir, this very step which the
