1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
had under consideration, in order that .we may j
complete something. If the bill of the Senator i
from Delaware has precedence over the West '
Point bill, I am willing that his bill shall come
up first, and for no other reason. I make the mo-
tion, and leave it to the Senate to decide whether
we shall go on and complete our legislation on this
appropriation bill; I make this motion because
it has been placed in my charge, as I have fre-
quently said to the Senate. If the bill which the
Senator from Delaware has in charge, has prece-
dence, I shall give way for that; but I do so for
no other reason than because I desire to finish the
business we have under consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has no precedcnee
to-day; but the homestead bill has precedence of
everything else; and I understood the Senator
from California the other day to urge that we should
finish one thing at a time.
Mr. GWIN. That is what I am at now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that when a special
order was made, it should he attended to. Now,
to-day is set apart for the homestead bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. "Will the Sen-
ator allow me to make a suggestion to him on
that point?
Mi. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
'Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The homestead
bill passed the House of Representatives yester-
day, and was on our table this morning from the
House. It has been referred to the committee of
the Senate by our action this morning. It has
not been printed; it has not been examined by the
Committee on Public Lands, which meets the day
after to-morrow, and will take it into considera-
tion. I believe, and have no question, that that
day will be devoted to it by the committee. I
hope Senators will not think of pressing the home-
stead bill to-day, for the reason that we desire to
have it printed for the Senate, so that each mem-
ber may have possession of it, and that the com-
mittee themselves may be able to consider it and
report on it. I believe those who advocate it are
a majority on the committee. I hope Senators
will not press the homestead bill to-day, but let
it be ordered to be printed; and I shall ask the
Senate, whenever we can do it with consistency
and propriety, to allow it to be printed, although
it has been already referred. I hope sincerely it
may not be pressed now, and the Senate can see
the motives and reasons why.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Senate
committee has matured a homestead bill, which
has been set down several times as a special or-
der. Now, if it is intended to substitute the
House bill for ours, it can be very easily done.
The Senate committee have already had the sub-
ject under consideration, and the bills are substan-
tially the same, as I understand. If the coming
in of the House bill is to interfere with the bill
that is pending here, of course I would not desire
to press it with that view at all; but I do not see
why the fact of the House having passed a bill,
which the Senate committee has recommended,
should delay our action on the bill wlneh has
been recommended here; and if we think proper,
we can substitute the House bill for it, if there is
any difference between them, and that is consid-
ered preferable.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope that the bill in rela-
tion to the Court of Claims will be taken up. It
has already been discussed in the Senate. It has
passed out of Committee of the Whole, and is in
the Senate. It is, therefore, partially perfected.
There is an amendment still pending. I do not
know that there is any disposition further to de-
bate it; certainly none on my part. I am willing
to take the sense of the Senate on it. If they
please to reject it, if they desire to retain the state
of things that now exists, without any alteration
of the law, be it so; but I should like to have the
final action of the Senate on it.
But I may appeal further to honorable Sena-
tors. They assigned two days, in the first in-
stance, to the Committee on the Judiciary for its
bills. During all the last session, we were un-
able to get up a soiuary bill we reported. At the
present session, the Senate assigned two da)-s for
our bills; and yet, immediately on the back of
that, one of those days was cut off, in order to
enable resolutions of an abstract character to be
discussed; and then, when the bill, being half fin-
ished, was postponed until yesterday, a privileged
question took precedence of it. I think it now
comes fairly before the Senate, to claim that it
should be disposed of by a vote of the Senate, be-
cause it certainly is of great importance. Though
involving, as I said, no political struggle and no
party sympathies, it is of great importance to the
people of this country , because it is a question in
which the administration of justice is involved.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
there seems to be a great contest here in reference
to the priority of business. According to my un-
derstanding of the rules, that question is not de-
batable; but debate has been indulged in, and I
desire to make a suggestion to the friends of the
homestead bill, and I think it has no truer or more
consistent friend than I am. The House has
passed a bill, and sent it to the Senate. That bill
differs from the Senate bill in some three essen-
tials. Here is a proposition in reference to Texas
raising a regiment of men; here is a proposition
to amend the lawestablishing the Court of Claims.
There seems to be quite a contest as to the pas-
sage of these bills, or the way in which they shall
be disposed of. Now, if it meets the approba-
tion of the friends of the homestead bill, I think
it is the wisest and most judicious policy to let it
go over until Thursday, because the House bill
has been taken up, ana referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, who will meeton that day. The
Senate bill has been made the special order for
to-day, at half past one o'clock; but on Thursday
the Committee on Public Lands meet, and there
is every assurance that that committee will take
up the House bill on Thursday morning, and re-
port it back on that day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With that understanding,
I am agreed, as one, to let the homestead bill go
by for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTentiessee. I wish to make
this suggestion; that the homestead bill be con-
tinued as a special order until Thursday, at half
past one o'clock, with the assurance of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands that the House bill will
be reported back that morning; and then we shall
have the two propositions before the Senate, and
can act understanding^ 011 them.
Mr. GWIN. I shall oppose making it a spe-
cial order on that day to the exclusion of all other
business. I am willing that it shall come forward
regularly, and if it has a majority of the Senate
in its favor, they can readily take it up and pass
it. This making of one bill a special order, and
casting aside unfinished business that we have
had before us, and are ready to vote upon, it
seems to me, is obstructing business here to such
an extent that I think we had better go on and
complete what has been partly done. We ought
to adhere to the rule requiring us to take up first,
every day, the unfinished business of the day pre-
vious. I have no objection to giving a fair oppor-
tunity to bring up the homestead bill at any time,
so far as I am concerned; but I want to complete
business as we go 011.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permis-
sion of the Senator from California, I will say
that there has been every disposition manifested
by the friends of the homestead bill to accommo-
datc every other proposition that has come up.
Now, there is a peculiar juncture of affairs before
the Senate, and the proposition is simply to let
the homestead bill retain the same standing before
the Senate, 011 Thursday next, that it has now.
It does not change the state of things. It gives
way for other business to be transacted in the
mean time, but lets it occupy the same position
011 Thursday that it does to-day.
Mr. GWIN. If I understand the Senator, the
Committee 011 Public Lands are to report oil the
bill 011 Thursday; but if it should so happen that
tliev did not agree to bring the bill in, it might
go over again. I am willing to let it go over
informally now without displacing it, without
making it a special order again; but let it remain
in its present position.
Mr. JOHNSON,.of Tennessee. A good many
special orders have ben made, and it will not
change the position of this bill before the Senate
if my suggestion be agreed to. I make the mo-
tion, if it meets the approbation of the iriends of
the homestead bill, that the special order be con-
tinued until Thursdav, at half past one o'clock.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The question before
the Senate is the motion to postpone the prior
order with a view to take up the Military Acade-
my bill, and the yeas and nays have been ordered
on it. By unanimous consent, that motion may
bewithdrawn. ["Agreed."] The Chair hears no
objection. Then the homestead bill is before the
Senate. Now, does the Senator from Tennessee
make a motion ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
it be postponed, and made the special order for
Thursday, at half past one o'clock.
The VjCE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought there was a ques-
tion before us on the motion of the Senator from
Delaware to take up the Court of Claims bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion was
not before the Senate. A question was. made as
to whether that bill was the unfinished business,
and the Chair decided that it was not.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand that the
Chair decided that there was unanimous consent
to allowing the withdrawal of the motion to post-
pone the prior orders for the purpose of talcing
up the West Point bill?
The YICE PRESIDENT. There was. We
are now where we were half an hour ago, to wit,
the homestead bill comes up as the special order.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. t The motion now
before the Senate, is the motion of the Senator
from Tennessee to postpone the homestead bill,
and make that the special order for Thursday
next, at half past one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. Unless the Court of Claims
bill will then come up, I shall make a motion to
take it up.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose it would not be in
order to make a motion to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the West
Point bill then.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let us get
this out of the way. *
Mr. HUNTER. There is amotion before us,
I understand, to make the homestead bill a spe-
cial order. I hope no more special orders will be
made. Let us do business according to its posi-
tion on the Calendar. We are just embarrassing
ourselves in this way. We shall spend half our
time in debating what we are to consider. I shall'
vote against making it a special order.
Mr. KING. I suppose the homestead bill is
now a spccia.1 order. I ask, for information,
whether a motion is necessary to make it so ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a special or-
der; but if it be postponed until to-morrow, it may
fall behind other special orders on the Calendar,
unless some particular hour be fixed for it. •
Mr. KING. Then I question the propriety of
such a postponement. I think the bill had better
retain its place.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee I will say to
the Senator from New York, that a motion to
postpone until to-morrow is indefinite, and if that
prevailed, the bill would not come up as a special
order again; but if you postpone it until Thurs-
day, at half past one o'clock, it being now a spe-
cial order, it will come up at that hour.
Mr. KING. I will not interpose.
Mr. WADE. As a friend of the homestead
bill, 1 hope the motion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee will prevail. I hope we shall consent to
postpone it until the committee shall have pos-
session of the House bill; being assured that they
will report it back promptly, so that wo can act
understandingly 011 both these bills. I hope that
the friends of the homestead bill will agree to that
motion,and when it does come up on that day, I
trust that every friend of that bill will stand by it
until it is finally acted upon. That is all I have
to say about it now.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to ask a question in regard
to the order of business. I have never paid very
much attention to the rules of the Senate, and
therefore do not profess to know much about them;
but certainly, in past years, it was always consid-
ered that the first special order that was made was
always to continue as the first special order until
it was disposed of. If we took up a bill which was
the special order first on the Calendar, and we af-
terwards made another special order, the one first
made lost its preference when the time arrived for
the second special order. That certainly was the
practice of the Senate. I was particularly inter-
ested ill the question; for I had a special order in
which I had great interest. It lost its position if
it was taken up and postponed to a day succeed-
