1860..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
every private claim, and to rely upon that investi-
gation for the basis of his own action, he might,
if he took all his time, investigate one quarter of
them, or possibly one half. We are, therefore,
obliged to rely on the reports of the committees,
and upon such other information as we can ob-
tain; and a very intelligent claimant who under-
stands his claim can present it to a Senator out
of his place in a much shorter time than a Senator
can gather it from wading through long reports.
Hence I suppose it is tfhe, as Senators say, that
large claims, which are no t as meritorious as some
others, stand a better chance of passage from the
pertinacity and industry with which the claimants
pursue them; while, on the other hand, a claimant
who has a just claim for a small amount—one
which he thinks ought to be sustained and carried
through upon its merits—gives very little atten-
tion to it, and it gets kicked out of doors by ad-
journing over Saturdays; by refusing to come
"here and sit, by men who labor so hard two days
in a week that they do not want to labor three.
Sir, we owe to these claimants a debt that we ill
repay by shrinking from action, and by refusing
to consider. Now comes in here the motion of
the Senator from Virginia. It is to postpone this
one single day that is set apart for private claims,
and to take up the-deficieney bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How many days have
we been in session?
Mr. HAMLIN. I cannot count them. I do
not recollect; but we commenced in December and
have sat up to this time, and we have done very
little more than nothing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How many private bill
days have we hud ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Only a few. The chairman
of the Committee on Claims probably can tell us.
But we did not have a private bill day, I think,
for tw® months.
Mr. IVERSON. Not until some time in Feb- ■
ruary.
Mr. HAMLIN. But we have a great many
days for private recreation and the avoidance of
public duties. These are the days we have—days
that are private to ourselves—not to consider the
bills of private claimants. That is what Senators
have, and they have an abundance of them. We
have had them for the last three weeks nearly all
the time, and God only knows that we may not
have them the next three weeks to come. It is
said we are not to consider questions during the
absence of Senators at conventions. I think other-
wise. There are some questions in which I feel
as deep an interest as any Senator; but I hope
there is no solitary question that will be delayed
one hour or one minute for the absence of any
Senator on this side of the Chamber. 1 think, if
I am right, there are to be but two absent—I speak
of absentees to conventions. If they go home, let
them take the consequences. If they go to the
convention, I understand they pair off, and there-
fore nothing is lost. I hope that in regard to all
those questions of importance which have been
alluded to, there will be—and certainly there ought
to be—no moment of delay in our action upon
them for that reason. Now, perhaps the bill
which it is proposed to take up ought to have
passed weeks ago; I do not know but that it may
be so. I insist, however, that it has sufficient
specific gravity to carry it through on almost any
day the Senator from Virginia may ask the Sen-
ate to take it up, apart from private bill day; and
if there be a necessity for its speedy passage, why
is it that the Senator will not hold on to his old
vote, and let us come here to-morrow and con-
sider it? I shall be very happy to come with him.
Let us dovote this day to private bills, and conle
to-morrow and take that up as a question of
public importance; and when that is disposed of,
let us do something else.
There is another consideration, certainly of a
general character. I take it wc arc all anxious
to get home sometime before the commencement
of the next session of Congress; and I do not
want, as one Senator, to go until we have dis-
posed of all public measures that we ought prop-
erly to dispose of. If we are to progress along in
this way, adjourn over three weeks and do no-
thing, then work two days and get so mighty
tired"that we must adjourn over the third day, I
want to know when we shall get through; will it
be one day, or one hour, or one moment before
the term of the second session of this Congress
commences? I hope that this deficiency bill will
not now be taken up. I think the Senate is too
tired. [Laughter.] We have labored too hard
to-day; I am fearful we shall not give this measure
that due consideration to wlijch it is entitled.
Here are a good many Senators who want to ad-
journ over. I am fearful they would be tired
before they would get through with it, and would
want to retire to their lodgings. I think the Sen-
ator from Virginia is unfortunate in making this
motion so late in the day, when we are so tired.
We have had division after division here and could
find no quorum, and had to send for those who
were absent, and call the yeas and nays to get a
full vote.
Now, Mr. President, I have expressed my
opinion on this matter, and I should be very
happy if the Senate would concur with me in it,
but I have not much hope that they will.
Mr. PUGH. It is very evident that the Sen-
ator himself is not tired, or he would not have
made such an immense speech on such a very
small subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. The subjects that were con-
nected with it may be estimated by the Senator
from Ohio according to his own standard. [Laugh-
ter.] What I said was provoked by the men
who were mingled with it, and made the neces-
sity.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to be censured as
often as anybody chooses to ao it; but I must say
a word or two in answer to the lecture we have
had from the Senators from Maine and Massa-
chusetts. I do not think these three last weeks
have been entirely lost. I think there has been a
great deal of good done by the adjourning over,
and the proceedings at Charleston; and I think
last, and least of all, should it belong to anybody
who is a member of the Republican organization
to complain of what has been done. [Laughter.]
We disposed of the Whig party some time ago;
and we had nothing left then but the fragments of
that party that found a resting-place in the Dem-
ocratic party, and the Democratic party intact and
whole, to contend witfi. Well, sir, the Democ-
racy went down to Charleston, and they delivered
some of the best and soundest of our doctrines
there, when we should not have been permitted
to go; they have delivered our sentiments when
we could not go, and it would not be safe or pru-
dent for us to go to deliver them; and the result
now is that the Democratic party lives in history.
It is broken to pieces and fragments. There has
been an attempt, I know, to see if—what is the
man's name that invented this new glue that he
sent around to us a bottle of?
Mr. WILSON. Spaulding.
Mr. HALE. They are going to try Spaulding's
glue on this party in Baltimore in June, [laugh-
ter,] to sec if it will not be brought together again,
and made into a conglomerated mass—made to
stick. Now, sir, does the Senator from Massa-
chusetts undertalce to tell me that there has been
no good done by our adjournment ? [Mr. Wilson
shook his head.] Then 1 do not admit the cen-
sure. There has been a great deal of good done.
I know the men who did it did not know what
they were doing when they did it. They were
like Samson when he was in the temple of the
Philistines and pulled it down. He was blind, and
did not see what a tremendous piece of work he
was making. It was exactly so with some of the
men who went to Charleston and made some of
these speeches. They were instruments in the
hands of that Providence who has had the destiny
of this nation in his hands; and the result of that
convention is a great illustration of the truth of
that declaration of the inspired author of it, when
he said thatGod would make the wrath of man to
praise him, and the residue he would restrain.
That is just exactly what has been done by that
convention. Their wrath has effected good; and
when they wanted to do mischief they were re-
strained—they could not agree upon a nomina-
tion. That has been the result of one adjourn-
ment for a convention; and it has done so much
good that I am afraid that to repeat the dose
would not be so successful; and I am, therefore,
against adjourning over for another one. I think
there has been a great deal of good done.
Now, sir, I hope that I am as patriotic as most
men who are not move patriotic than I.a™ 
[laughter,] and I generally come here and sit till
tlie Senate adjourns—["Oh! no,"]'—generally;
and if the Senator- from Maine says that when
we adjourn over Saturday he has got a day for
private recreation, he finds it very different from,
what I do—very different, indeed. There are no
days in the whole session when I find more calls
upon my time, and none which 1 meet, more
promptly, than those days when we adjourn over
once a week. They, can be devoted to examin-
ing the claims of individuals for whom he has
spoken so eloquently and so well. I do not think
that it is the experience of Senators that they find
these Saturdays, when they adjourn over^acca-
sionally, the days when they have had the most
leisure for themselves. I wish that a little of that
great sympathy, which the Senator feels so keenly
and expresses so eloquently, had been manifested
when I wanted one second of time to-day, at the
request of a woman—a widow—to have her claim
recommitted, that it might be reconsidered by the
committee that reported it. I wish that a little of
that genuine sympathy, which I have no doubt
the Senator feels for all private claimants, had
actuated him—enough to let me have a second (1
could have done it in a second) for the purpose of
recommitting the bill of this claimant; which will
have to be done when it comes up. But, sir, it
did not fall within the current in which the Sen-
ator's sympathy happened to be running just at
time. It was a surprise to me that such an ob-
jection came from such a source; and it satisfies
me that there is something in the temper of the
Senate, or in the atmosphere of the Senate, that
is unfavorable to the prosecution of public busi-
ness, even if we sit here; because, as has well
been said, as soon as a private bill is up, some-
body objects, no matter what the character of the
bill is. If it is small, it is objected to because it
is so small; if it is large, it is objected to because
it is so large; and if it is indefinite, and refers it
to the Secretary of some of the Departments to
settle the claim, then somebody objects to it be-
cause it is neither large nor small, but not defin-
ite; and in that way everything that comes up is
objected to.
Now, sir, I hope that some of those individ-
uals, who are provided for in the deficiency bill
of the Senator from Virginia, Will have their
claims considered. I understand that some of
them are witnesses, that have come from a dis-
tance to attend the investigating committees, and
that this deficiency bill proposes to pay them. I
think that is a class of claimants that ought to be
paid; and I think that if wc sit here we ought to
take up the bill of the Senator from Virginia.
However, I did not wish to get into that, but I
wished simply to vindicate myself from the re-
proaches that were thrown on me by the Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I designed to throw "no re-
proach upon anybody. Every Senator has a right
to his own opinions, and must judge of his own
action. I claim the right of speaking freely what
I tlunk. I only rise now to say that I did object
to the bill submitted by the Senator from New
Hampshire, and I did it from a very good motive.
I did hope that his sympathy for the claimant of
whom he has spoken would induce him to recon-
sider his opinion, and agree to come back here
with us to-morrow and devote the whole day to
this business. I did hope we might hold him to
it, and that we should thus render relief to agreat
many; but I confess that I think now I should
have failed in it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, sir, we shall have the
vote. Let us not waste all the day in determining
what we shall do.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my friend from Virginia
will not be in a hurry. I think the Senate does
best when it does nothing, and the next best thing
is when it talks; and therefore I think my friend
from Virginia is under'an entire mistake when
he attempts to hasten what it is at. I have heard
a great many remarks about private claims and
the injustice we do to claimants. Some of them
have been here for twenty or thirty years, and
been considered and acted upon, and voted against,
and exposed, and the papers against them stolen,
and then they come back again. They go to the
Court of Claims and are defeated, and then they
come here again without either law or equity on
their side; and if you take the whole of them, 1^
have not found more than five in a hundred that
could be maintained on principle m any court or
before any just tribunal. That has been my ob-
