1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
northern Democracy have taken, which a major-
ity of them are taking under the lead of Judge
Douglas, is a step in my opinion no farther m
advance than that which the Whig party took in
favor of the Wilmot proviso. The one denies to
southern peope the right of emigration to the
Territories with their property, hy express legis-
lation of Congress; the other denies it to them by
other, and, I think, not altogether as honorable
means. That is my opinion. I do not intend,
however, to impute any dishonorable motives or
feelings to any person who advocates that prin-
ciple, but I say it is less ingenuous, at least it is
more sophistical, more delusive, and equally fatal
to the southern people.
This is what I have risen to explain. I do not
intend to go at length into an explanation, unless I
am driven to it by the remarks of other Senators.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I heard the re-
marks of the Senator from Georgia, the other day,
with pain and regret. J knew them to be utterly
unwarranted by the facts of the case, and that the
accusation was as unjust as any accusation could
he. The simple declaration, aside from the cir-
cumstances which surrounded it, does not give it
its full force. The Senator from Georgia had for
some time indulged m his peculiar description of
the Opposition party and of the Abolition party
in the North; and then, to my utter amazement,
in round terms, without qualification, ho declared
that a largo portion of the Democratic party at
the North were as rotten oil this subject 
Mr. PUGH. "As corrupt."
Mr. BIGLER. As corrupt on this subject
as the Republican party or the Abolitionists.
"This subject." What subject? The Senator
was reviewing the whole scope of abolition feeling
in the North, and said that on this subject a por-
tion of the northern Democracy were as corrupt
as the Abolitionists. Now, sir, 1 tell him in all
kindness and without feor of contradiction, that
his assertion is without any foundation in fact;
the accusation is totally and entirely unjust, i
say not only that no portion of the Democratic
party sympathized with Brown in his atrocious
outrage upon the sovereign State of "Virginia; but
they do not sympathize with abolitionism in any
phase whatever, or to any extent whatever. I
was gratified with the Senator's disclaimer, sir,
so fai as it went; but justice at his hands re-
quires that he say of the northern Democracy, as
an organization and as a body, what you cannot
say for yourself, that is, that we have labored
day nfter day, in season and out of season, in de-
fense of the rights and interests of our sister
States.
Ma:. IVERSON. Mr. President, I said that
very thing in the remarks which I uttered. I
gave credit to the sound portion of the northern
Demoracy in language which could not be mis-
understood. I referred, when I spoke of the
rottenness of a portion of the Democratic party?
to that portion of the Democratic party whicn,
under the lend of Stephen A. Douglas, has de-
nied to the southern people their rights in the
Territories of the Union.
Mr. BIGLER. Rottenness of the Democratic
party on the slavery question! Sir, the Senator
can hardly realize the offensiveness of the term.
I know, sir, he does not intend to apply it to my-
self, but it is unjust when applied to any portion
of the Democratic party. Why, sir, thousands of
witnesses will spring up in every northern State,
on every hill-top and in every valley, on every
rostrum, and on the corners of the streets, daily
and hourly contradicting every statement he has
made. The Opposition, of every shade, contra-
dict him. They call us the dough-faces of the
North, yielding constantly to southern dictation
and southern aggressions.
Now, sir, I can see one view only which may
have led the Senator from Gtorgia into error on
this question, and it is this: he has confounded
the different phases of the slavery question, as he
has shown here this morning, and adopted his
own peculiar views of what constitutes abolition-
ism. T do not mean to say that all the northern
Democrats concur with his views on the question
of slavery in the Territories. I do not mean to say
that the northern Democrats, as a whole and as
individuals, would go with him in what he might
deem local policy for a Territory; but I do say
that I have never discovert d, anywhere, any por-
tion of them sympathizing with the Abolition
party; and as far as the raid ofJohn Brown is con-
cerned, it has been denounced in every corner of
the country by Democrats, and by the Democratic
press, in terms of bitterness equal to those used by
the Senator from Georgia. I have heard Brown's
foray denounced in all parts of my State, and I
would be glad to convince the Senator that on that
point he is utterly mistaken. The northern De-
mocracy not only do not sympathize with Brown,
but they denounce him and his raid in the bitter-
est terms possible; and further let me say that
the people of my State, the Democratic party as
a whole, and a large element of those who act
against us in that State, have entertained the most
profound contempt for Brown and his abettors,
and were ready, at any hour, to have gone to the
aid of Virginia, and to maintain her in her just
rights, ana have repelled any invasion of her ter-
ritory. Not only that, sir, but I can say to that
Senator safely, we are not only bound to Virginia
and the South by the conventional arrangements
that bind the sovereign States together, but by
every tie that can link together a common people,
descendants of a common parentage, actuated by
similar and uoblc motives. If there be that entire
alienation in the North from the South that some
Senators undoubtedly feel that there is, I have
never encountered it; God forbid that I ever
should. That there is too much of it, that there
is bad feeling there on the part of a band of wild
fanatics, and that these men find countenance for
their act m much that has fallen from distinguished
men of the Republican party, is true; but, sir,
neither the Democratic party, nor any portion of
it, has countenanced or sympathized in these sen-
timents and movements.
I am aware that Democrats, thousands of them,
will tell you that slavery should not go into this
Territory or into that. They have the right to do
that. Their judgment is as sacred to them as
yoursisto you. They aiv not Abolitionists. They
will tell you, in all probability, that, if they lived
in your cotton or rice-growing States, they would
be for slavery there; but looking at Kansas, its
climate, its soil, and all its surroundings, they
would say " No; we will not vote for slavery in
that Territory; we will not vote for it there, as a
matter simply of local policy—as a mere question
of political economy." They would judge that
the institution would not advance sucli a State,
because it was too far north. These men are not
to be called Abolitionists. They do not go about
daily exciting the popular mind against the insti-
tution of slavery. It is not they who allege that
it is immoral and wrung and oppressive and un-
just to hold vslaves. They do not belong to that
class of sentimentalists who excitc popular indig-
nation and discontents in regard to slavery; who
attempt to make the world believe that if they
had tnc control of the question, thoy could, in
some way or other, elevate and dignify the Afri-
can race—that they could make them equal to the
white race. No, sir; they are a different class of
men; and it did s^em to me that the Senator from
Georgia had confounded these two classes, and in
that way fell into error.
Now, sir, I do not agree with all that Judge
Douglas has said on the territorial question, but
1 do not agree that he is an Abolitionist. 1 have
never heard that alleged anywhere. This con-
troverted question, with regard to slavery in the
Territories, seems to be endless. I will declare in
a very few words, as I have declared here before,
what I have to say on it, and that is simply this:
We do not claim that the Constitution establishes
slavery anywhere or prohibits it anywhere, but
the Constitution most expressly declares that the
States are perfectly equal, and provides that new
States shall come into the Union on terms of per-
fect equality with the old. It is not denied that
the Territories ore the property of the States in
common Congress being simply the trustee of
the States for this property. It is, therefore, per'
force of this perfect "quality and the principles of
equity ana justice, that these common owners
have an equal right to the occupancy and enjoy-
ment of this common domain, so long as the terri-
torial existence remains—so long as the territorial
government exists. 1 am among those who had
supposed that the common iawofEnglandandtlie
common law of this «.ountry, together with the
fugitive slave law, would afford all the protection
•wlii'-h the owners of slaves would require in any
Territory, and no legislation would be necessary.
W e all know that there is a deferred question under
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, touching the measure
of authority which the people of a Territory may
exercise over the subject of slavery. It was un-
derstood on all hands that that was a question for
the judiciary, whenever the exigency arose, and
not for Congress; and I say to the Senator from
Georgia now, that whenever it shall be alleged
that a Territorial Legislature has transcended
its legitimate authority, to the detriment of pri-
vate rights* that is a question for the judiciary;
and when the judiciary gives its judgment in
.such a case, I say the whole power of the Fed-
eral Government must be employed to carry out
the lav/ thus defined. I simply maintain the
broad doctrine of allowing the people in a Terri-
tory to exercise all theauthorityoverthe question
of slavery which they may exercise under the
Constitution and laws, and when a dispute arises
as to whether they have transcended that author-
ity, that is not a question for Congress, but for
the courts. That is the Democratic doctrine, as
I understand it; and for holding that, I do not
agree that I am an Abolitionist, or that those whom
I represent are Abolitionists. No, sir; we are the
enemies of abolitionism. Wo do not seek to dis-
turb, in any way or form, by word or deed, the
rights of our southern friends.
Sir, I may say to the Senator from Georgia that,
from the hour 1 first came into political life to the
present day, I have never gone through a politi-
cal campaign in which the rights of the South
were not an important, if not the leading, issue.
We have been assailed constantly in the North
by the Republicans; they are now assailing the
Democratic party every day, on the ground that
they are subservient to the South—that they are
pro-slavery men—that they seek to extend the in-
stitution of slavery. We explain that we simply
seek to maintain the constitutional rights of the
southern States—that our object is to put down
this spirit of crimination and recrimination, which
must ultimately lead to alienation and separation
between a people who should be friends and
brethren. That is our object. In defense of
southern rights, in maintaining the fugitive slave
law, and every other vital principle that con-
cerns the South, I have little doubt that I have
spent an hour of my time for every minute that
he has spent; and I do not intend to sit here
and hear imputations so unjust and untrue as he
has uttered, without repelling them in the most
emphatic terms. Sir, the northern Democracy
have stood like a bulwark between the South and
a powerful organized party that manifestly has no
sympathy with you. Break us down at your
peril. It is for their advancement if you do. Wo
ask nothing unreasonable^ nothing unjust, and no
sacrifice of your cherished rights.
Now, sir, if I have shown feeling on this sub-
ject, I ask pardon of the Senate, and of my friend
from Georgia. All the emotions I have felt pro-
ceeded from the conscious belief that he had com-
mitted a great wrong upon the noble men whom I
represent on this floor, It is true that we arc not a
majority in all the northern States, or many of
th( m. The Senator took occasion to pass upon
this fact. That is no reason why he should love
us less. That is no reason why we are less en-
titled to your gratitude and your countenance for
what we have done. Let me tell the honorable
Senator that his power, your views, and your
position here have some influence on our power
in the North, just now—especially when the peo-
ple are moving and speaking out in mass meet-
ings. After all, they are perceiving that the per-
petuity of the Constitution and of the Union, and
the rights of the States, the fraternity of feeling,
and the growth of this nation, are to be carried
out through Democratic doctrines, and in no other
way. The mass of the people are beginning to
recognize that fact; and when the time comes, in
such an issue, my friend from Georgia will see
that the Democracy v/ill be once more in power
in the North, and peace will be given to the
country.
Mr, MASON. Mr. President, thcro is no ques-
tion, 1 believe, before the Senate,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion of the Senator from Virginia is the question
before the Senate.
Mr. MASON, I thought the debate had arisen
on a personal explanation of the Senator Irom
