2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11.
servation for fifteen years. Perhaps it is even too
much to say five in a hundred. In the first place,
two thirds of them are an appeal to your bounty
As we heard yesterday, a man who has served
thirteen days and not-fourteen, (the limit fixed in
the bounty land law,) asks not only for pay but
bounty land. Another man, who was mustered
in for thirty days, and therefore got his eight dol-
lars a month for it, more than he was worth—for
generally these men are " the cankers of a calm
world and a long peace"—and inasmuch as he
never^gaw an enemy, and never had a chance to
see one, he must be pensioned for life. Another
class is like a bill to which I objected a little while
ago, where a man, who it was said was ninety-five
years of a^e, did not know that being an officer
he was entitled to a greater pension than he was
as a private; and he comes to us here, m this year
of our Lord, 1860, ninety-five years of age, and
pleads that his pension ought to be enlarged, be-
cause he did not know that the fact of his being
an officer of the Revolution entitled him to any
more pension than he would be entitled to as a
private.
That is the way we have been entertaining our-
selves this morning. These are the kind of "cases
that you appeal to my humanity upon'. Sir, we
have established a tribunal; we have employed
three persons, eminent for their ability and integ-
rity, to examine these cases. They report to us
that some of them are not within their jurisdic-
tion; but yet they commend them to our gener-
osity. Those cases we ought to pass upon; bat
I believe that during this whole day we have not
had before us a single case from the Court of
Claims. It seems as if only those cases were
judged good which that court reports against.
Those that the court has rejected, and that Con-
gress has rejected again and again, and that have
been here years after years, it seems, are those
that are to come before us. I do not know the
mode in which business is done by the Commit-
tee on Claims; but it seems to mo that those who
have gone to the tribunal we have established, and
have had their claims allowed there, ought to
have their bills reported here and acted upon first.
In that class of cases, there is at least presump-
tive evidence that the claimants have rights. I
do not know that 1 shall vote fur all these claims;
but in those cases th«re is at least a presumption
in favor of them. I shall only vote for such of
them as I deem right. I>ut when you talk to me
about your Calendar of eight hundred eases, I
care not. Your Calendar swells continually.
Every case that has ever been presented and not
allowed is there, and will stand there until the day
of judgmentof thisGovernment;and agreatmany
that have been paid come here again to be paid.
In view of the way in which time is consumed,
I will say that I have made but one mistake this
session; and that was, when I voted against ad-
journing to allow Senators to go' to Charleston;
and I intend to take that back, and vote for ad-
journing to enable them to go to Chicago.
Mr. IVERSON. A single word in reply to my
colleague. He admits that there are meritorious
cases which ought to pass. 1 ask him how we
ai'e to ascertain what cases are meritorious, un-
less we take them up? I want to consider the
cases. We shall never ascertain which of them
are meritorious until we consider them. The
proposition now is, to give the whole of them the
go-by, without considering any of them. That
has been the cry from the beginning of the ses-
sion until the present time, that the claims are all
fraudulent, and therefore we must not take up the
docket and consider any of them. Sir, this sweep-
ing denunciation, I think, is not altogether fair.
My colleague is mistaken in another thing.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the gentleman will state
it as I did, and not as I did not. I said that my
experience has been, that not five per cent, of
them arc meritorious.
Mr. IVERSON. I am speaking of another mat-
ter now. My colleague says that those cases
which have gone to the Court of Claims and
been adjudicated adversely are the eases that are
broughthere for payment. Hcismistaken. There
is not a solitary case on this docket that the Court
of Claims has rejected. My colleague has not
jooked into the cases, and does not know what is
the fact about them. The adverse reports of the
Court of Claims have not been put on our docket
in a solitary case.
Mr.TOOMBS. The Senatoris mistaken again.
I said those that were passed favorably by the
court were those that ought to be acted upon and
put upon the docket.
Mr. IVERSON, Thereare but two classes of
casesv which have passed the court favorably that
are upon the docket now; and they are, first,
cases where the claim is for the return of duties
on liquors—and there are some forty or fifty such
cases, all contested seriously; and, second, claims
for the allowance of arrears of revolutionary pen-
sions, including forty or fifty cases; and I know
my colleague will object to them, for he fought
them here two years ago very strenuously. Those
are the cases thaL the Court of Claims has passed
upon which he thinks ought to be allowed.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is most astonishing that iny
colleague cannot repeat one word of what I said
truly I said I would not vote for all the decisions
of the court, but such of them as I thought cor-
rect. If my colleague does not listen to me, I do
not want him to repeat me. This is the third time
he has made a statement as to what I have said,
and each time erroneously.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood my colleague
to say that the cases passed upon by the Court
of Claims ought to be those fust considered.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. IVERSON. I tell him there are but two
classes of cases passed upon by the Court of
Claims which are upon this Calendar—the liquor
cases and the pension cases; and I do not see any
reason for taking them up in preference to all
other claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to remark,
before the question is taken, that I think this de-
ficiency bill will take but a few minutes; and I
have no doubt it could have been passed some
time ago, if this debate had not been gone into. I
objected to it the other day, but my objection is
to a single item of the bill; and i promise the
Senate that in stating, as 1 shall do, my objection
to that item, 1 shall not occupy more than ten min-
utes; and unless somebody else wishes to discuss
it, it can be disposed of, l«t\m sure, in fifteen or
twenty minutes. I hope, therefore, we shall take
up that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to
lay aside the Private Calendar, and take up the
deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, LATHAM. I now wilhdrawmy motion
to rcconsider the vote by which the Senate agreed
to adjouin over to Monday.
DEFICIENCY UILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to eonsidcr the bill (li. R. No. 499) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year, ending the 30th of June,
1860.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill was read the other
day. The amendments are now before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless the read-
ing of the bill be required, the Senate will pro-
ceed to acton the amendments of the Committee
on Finance.
The first amendment was to insert after line
seven:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers, and
others receiving an annual salary tn the service ot the Sen-
ate,viz:
Foi Chaplain of the Senate, $750.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after the
one just adopted:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, miscellaneous
items, viz:
For expenses of select committees, $9,0U0.
The next amendment was to add to those already
adopted:
For expenses of the heating and ventilating apparatus,
including pay oi engineers, firemen, laborers, fuel, oil, tool*.
&c., $3,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to those
adopted:
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to comply with
the Senate's resolution of the 20th of March, I860; in rela-
tion to mileage to be paid to Mrs. E. A. Linn, widow of
the late Senator j^evvis F. Linn, {£2.672.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and
twenty-two, one huridrod and twenty-three, and
one hundred and twenty-four, in the following
words:
" To pay George D. Durham, for twenty-two months'
services as a clerk in the office of the Oomrai&siouer of In-
dian Affairs, the sum ot $2,066 52."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill:
To supply deficiencies m the appropriations for payment
of the late Indian agents m Utah, (Hurt, Armstrong, Rose,
and Bedell,) upon settlement of their accounts, $53,007 35.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that these accounts
have all been audited and found due. The De-
partment asked for some thirty-one thousand dol-
lars besides, to adjust the accounts of Brigham
Young. The Committee on Finance did not re-
port the $31,000, but only this provision for the
agents whose accounts have been actually audited.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance having been
disposed of, the bill is open -to further amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL I move to strike out from
the bill linos one hundred and eighteen, one hun-
dred and nineteen, and one hundred and twenty,
in these words:
"For suiveymg liabilities incurred by the late smveyor
gencial oi Calilouua puor to the 33th June, 1857, $58,000."
I desire to make a simple statement in regard to
this matter, and there I shall leave it. I do not
wish to argue it to the Senate. It is an old ac-
quaintance here; we have had it up for two dif-
ferent sessions, and it will be readily understood
'by the Senate the moment I explain the facts in
regard to it. In 1856, Congress appropriated
$50,000 for surveying m California; in 1857, it
appropriated $100,000; in 1858, $100,000; and in
1859, $43,000. Besides, in 1858, Congress passed
a deficiency bill appropriating $220,000 as a defi-
ciency to pay for the very same service as is
recited in this bill. By looking at the laws, it
will be seen that $220,000 was appropriated on
the 4th of May, 1858, " for surveying liabilities
incurred by the late surveyor general of Califor-
nia prior to the 30th of June, 1857." Last Con-
gress we had this subject up at both sessions, and
the matter was discussed at considerable length.
It was stated that the deficiency arose in this way:
the surveyor general of California, without any
authority of law, went on and made contracts,
when there was only $100,000 apppropriated for
surveys in California, to the extent of some three
or four hundred thousand dollais. We paid
$220,000 for this deficiency two years a^o. Last
year a further claim was brought here of §60,000
deficiency. Mr. Brodenck, who was then in the
Senate, moved to strike it out; and he stated, as
will be seen by reference to the debate upon that
occasion, that, in his opinion, this was a swind-
ling concern; that these accounts were not just.
The members of the Senate, who were then pres-
ent, will recollect it. It was then stricken out,
and we made an appropriation of $43,000 last
year to pay for the surveys still going on in Cal-
ifornia. Now, there is an appropriation asked
of some $58,000 to pay for—what? To pay for'a
deficiency running back to 1853; for I have looked
into this account, and I s^e that, some of it is to
pay for services rendered as long ago as 1853,
and reaching up to 1857, although, in 1858, we
paid $220,000 for the same thing.
Now, when is it to stop ? The surveyor gen-
eral of California had no right to make these con-
tracts so far exceeding the appropriation made by
Congress. The Senate last year, on a discussion,
and when the matter, I thought, was pretty fully
debated, struck out the claim for $60,000; and it
seems that by lying a year it has been reduced
§2,000. They claimed $60,000 last year, and now
they claim §58,000. We gained that much by not
paying it at that time. If we had paid it then,
perhaps a larger claim would have come in now.
I have said all I desire to say in regard to it.
My object was simply to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that it had been here and had
been discussed, and that we refused a year ago to
pay it. I am not for paying it now.
