100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion of the Senator is before the Senate.
^ Mr. MASON. I wished to call up the resolu-
tion, if it was not before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I gave way
for an explanation.
Mr. PuGH. I ask the Senator from Tennes-
see to allow me one or two moments, for I shall
not detain him longer. I am glad the Senator
from Georgia has made his explanation to the Sen-
ate-, for I determined, at the outset, that upon this
resolution I would not say anythingwhich could
bring into this discussion topics beneath the tem-
per of the occasion. I am disposed, for one, to
vindicate the cause of Virginia with all the respect
and cordiality due from her sister States. Nor
will I reply to the Senator from Georgia upon
this interpolated question; because that would be
to interfere with the rights of my friend from
Tennessee, who is entitled to the floor. But I
wish to serve notice on the Senator from Georgia
and other Democratic Senators from the southern
States, that we have heard enough of this to re-
quire something more; that if the Democracy of
the southern States entertain the sentiments of
the Senator from Georgia, we, of the North, de-
sire to know it, and desire to know it before the
time of the Charleston convention. We intend
to know it; and for myself, so far as question and
answer can avail, I intend also that Senators of
the Democratic party, from the northern States,
shall afHrm or denounce the sentiments thus de-
livered. At present, however, I merely give no-
tice that 1 shall take some convenient occasion to
propound my questions and to demand explicit
answers.
Mr. MASON. I hope the debate will go on
upon the resolution.
Mr. IVERSON. I will only say in reply to
the Senator from Ohio, that I am ready to answer
him any time, and will do so to the gentleman's
heart's content whenever I can get an opportu-
nity.
IVJr.JOHNSON, ofTennesseo. Mr.President,
I regret that this resolution, when it was first in-
troduced, could not have passed without discus-
sion. It seemed to seek for information to which
the country was entitled; and 1 was more than
anxious that the country should be furnished
with it, without looking at the question in a party
aspect. Rut it has turned out diiferently, and 1
regret that it has. The discussion has taken a
pretty wide range, involving party politics gener-
ally; and the range which it has taken has ren-
dered it incumbent on me,occupying the position
I do, to say a few words upon the resolution, and
to answer some remarks that have fallen from
Senators during this discussion. It is my inten-
tion to do it in a proper spirit, and I trust and
hope I shall not be led beyond the boundary of
propriety and courtesy.
Before I proceed, however, to the line of argu-
ment that i intend to present on this occasion, I
wish to notice some few remarks which fell from
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull;] and I
intend, after noticing his remarks, to show that
what has recently occurred at Harper's Ferry,in
the shape of an insurrection, or invasion, or trea-
son, or by whatever name you may think proper
to call it, has been the legitimate result of certain
teachings in this country.
in the discussion on Thursday last, the Sena-
tor from Illinois attempted to lay down the doc-
trine of the Republican party and to give his con-
struction of that doctrine. In doing so he called
our attention to their platform, which, lie says, is
a mere reiteration of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, (at least, that is his idea,) as it was formed
by our fathers. To make myself intelligible and
distinctly understood, I will read that portion of
the platform which he quoted:
" Resolved, That, with our republican fathers, we hold it
to bo a self-evident truth that all men arc endowed with
the inalienable right of 1 ite, liherty, and the pursuit nf hap-
piness. and that the pmnary object and ulterior design of
our Federal Government is to grant these rights to alf per-
sons under its excluf-ivc juu^diction."
As the discussion progressed, drawing deduc-
tions from this part of the platform, the Senator
seemed to think—that was the tenor of his argu-
ment—that by reiterating the Declaration of Inde-
pendence in this platform, they wore embracing
the doctrines laid down by Mr. Jefferson, and \
Showing that lie really meant to include persons
of color ii? the Declaration, and that such was
the understanding of our revolutionary fathers.
I know that sometimes it has been said, and
changes have been rung on it, that Mr. Jefferson,
the apostle of Democracy and of liberty, laid
down the doctrine that all men were created equal,
that they had certain inalienable rights, that
among these were life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. Now,it seems to me, that a party, an
intelligent party that understands all the doctrines
and principles of our Government, in this docs
great injustice to that i ns trumcnt and to the framers
of the Constitution of the United States. When
we take the Declaration of Independence and con-
nect it with the circumstances under which it was
written, is there a man throughout the length and
breadth of this broad Republic who believes for one
instant that Mr. Jefferson, when he penned it, had
the negro population in his mind? Notwithstand-
ing, he says thatall men are created equal, and
that they are by their Creator endowed with cer-
tain inalienable rights, that amongst these are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,"is there an
intelligent man throughout the whole country, is
there a Senator, when he has stripped himself of
all party prejudice, who will come forward and
say that he believes that Mr. Jefferson, when he
penned that paragraph of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, intended it to embrace the African pop-
ulation ? Is there a gentleman in the Senate who
believes any such thing? Is there any one who
will stake his reputation on the assertion that that
is the corrfct interpretation of the Declination of
Independence? There in not a man of respecta-
ble intelligence who will hazard his reputation
upon such <*<n assertion. Why then indulge m
this ad cuptandum discussion ? Why try to delude
and deceive the great mass of the people by inti-
mating that Mr. Jefferson meant Africans or the
African race? How were we situated when Mr.
Jefferson penned the Declaration of Independence?
Did he not own slaves? Did not most of the
persons in the Congress which adopted the Dec-
laration own slaves, and after the Declaration
was adopted, by way of giving a correct interpre-
tation to it, what do we find incorporated in the
Constitution of the United States > Were negroes
then considered the persons who were embraced
in the Declaration of Independence > Were they
not considered as property? In fixing the repre-
sentation, slaves were regarded as property, and
only three fifths of them were to be counted,
clearly recognizing that they were one of the forms
of propeity, and not persons intended to be em-
braced in the Declaration of Independence, as con-
tended by some. I think it is clear.
What more was provided in the Constitution
of the United States, by way of giving a clear con-
struction to the Declaration of Independence? It
was provided that fugitives from labor should lie
restored to the States from which they escaped,
upon demand being made. Does that look as if
this description of "persons were embraced in the
Declaration of Independence, and were considered
equal to the white rac ,p It is evident to my mind,
and it must be so to everybody else, that Mr. Jef-
ferson meant the white race, and not the African
race. The Constitution gives it that interpreta-
tion. And his own acts, and those of his asso-
ciates, when they were framing the Declaration
of Independence, owning slaves, and afterwards
passing laws and making wills which provided for
their regular descent as property, confirm it. Then
it seems to me that this does not avail the Senator
much. But in the next resolution of the platform,
which he read, it is declared:
" That the Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
power over the Territories of the United State* for their
government, and that in the exercne of this power it is j
both tile right and the imperative duty ot Congress to pio- \
hlbit m the Territories those twin iclics ot barbaiiMn, I
polygamy and slavery."
The Republican platform declares, and the Sen- |
ator from Illinois argues, that the power of Con- j
gress being sovereign over the Territories, it can ;!
exclude slavery from the Territoiies. What do >\
you mean by sovereignty ? I shall not undertake i1
to define it on this occasion, but I will give rny !;
understanding of the power of Congress over the |
Territories. I deny any such assumption as this
platform contains. I deny that any such power 'I
is conferred on the Federal Government m ref- j
erence to the Territories. It is not sovereign, j
This Federal Government possesses no sovereign ■
power. All its powers are derivative and limited, 1
and those that are not expressly granted are re-
served to the States respectively. Congress has
no sovereign power. All its powers are derived
it can exercise no single primitive or original
power. Where,then,does it get sovereign powei
in reference to a Territory of the United States:
Where does it even get sovereign power in refer-
ence to the District of Columbia? It has no such
power. The Congress of the United States may
exercise exclusive and limited power, but not
sovereign power. Its authority is limited, it is
defined, and I deny the assumption that the Fed-
eral Government has sovereign power in reference
to the Territories of the United States.
But suppose, by way of testing the sincerity of
the Republican party, we proceed on the idea that
the power of Congress is sovereign in reference
to the Territories, and that, in legislating for the
Territories, Congress has the right to prescribe
the qualifications of the citizen who shall become
an inhabitant or resident of the Territories. Bear
in mind their other doctrine that all men arc cre-
ated equal; and let us try to ascertain, if we can,
their consistency on this subject. The Territo-
ries arc filling up. Let me ask the Republican
party, proceeding upon these two ideas, that all
men are created equal, and that the power of Con-
gress is sovereign in the Territories, what will
you do with the black population when it goes
into the Territories ? Now, we will test the prac-
tical operation of your doctrines. Let me ask
them, and I call upon them to answer me before
the country, will you let the free colored popula-
tion that emigrates into the Territories stand on
an equal footing with the white population ? Let
us reduce your theory to practice, and see how it
will operate. You say that all men are created
equal, and that the power of the Federal Govern-
ment is sovereign in the Territories. Will you,
when the free colored population goes into the
Territories, make them equal in all respects with
the white population?
If you will not, why clamor so much about
sovereignty over a Territory; why clamor so
much about all men being created equal? Here
is the touchstone. Let us see what you will do.
Inform us whether, in filling up the Territories
and making laws for the qualification and protec-
tion of their citizens, you will place the African
on an equality with tin- white population? Come
up and tell us. It is fair to put it to you. You
have presented a theory; now let us know what
your piactiee will be. V/ill you take that ground?
Will you place the African population, or their
descendants, or a mixed colored population of the
African race, on an equality with the white man
in the Territories over which you claim sovereign
power? I believe the Senator's constituents in
ipinois agree with me in the construction that I
have given to the Declaration of Independence
and the Constitution of the United States, in ref-
oienee to the colored population. I think they
themselves have interpreted this Declaration; ana,
if they have interpreted it wrongly, I wTant to
know from him if he is prepared to commence the
work in that quarter, and reduce his doctrines to
practice. When we turn to the declaration of
independence of Illinois, if I may so call it, what
do we find? In the constitution of Illinois itis de-
clared :
" That the geneial, great, and essential principle of lib-
erty and free government may be recognized and unalter-
ably established, wc deelarc:
tk Sec. 1. That all men are born equally free and inde-
pendent, and have certain inherent and indefeasible rights;
among which are those of enjovmg and deiending lite and
Iiboity, and of acquiring, po;>ses:-ing, and pioteetmg piop-
eity and ieputation,and of pursuing their own happmes-s."
This is the declaration of Illinois. Do the peo-
ple of Illinois understand persons of color to be
equal with white men? If they do, they have not
combined, in the shape of a constitution or dec-
laration of independence, their views and senti-
ments oil the subject; and if the Senator enter-
tains the views that he presented here the other
day, I would suggest to him the propriety of
going to the State of Illinois and commencing the
work of reformation there by changing their or-
ganic law. Although they declare that all men
are born equal in the State of Illinois, what do
they do in their constitution ? It shows that when
onr people speak of men being equals they do not
include the African racc, but regard them as an
inferior racc. Illinois says in her constitution
that " the militia of the State of Illinois shall con-
