1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
sist of all free male able-bodied persons, negroes,
mulattoes, and Indians excepted"—to do what?
To perform militia duty, notwithstanding they
declare that alfctnien are born equal. Is not that
a correct interpretation of the declaration in this
case, as well as the Constitution is a correct inter-
pretation of the Declaration of Independence in the
other case ? "What more do we find in that con-
stitution ?
" In all elections, all while male inhabitants above the
age of twenty-one year*, having resided m the State <;ix
months next prcccding the election, shall enjoy the rjgnt of
an elector."
Tlie voters are white men, not free negroes.
Notwithstanding in the declaration they say all
men are born equal, yet here is a class of per-
sons who they say are not equal to the white
man, who shall not come to the ballot-box, shall
not be found in the ranks mustering; and, as we
go on and examine the constitution and laws, wo
find furthermore, and it will not be controverted
by the Senator, that even these men who, they
say, are born equal, are not permitted to comc
into a court of justice and be competent witnesses
against a white man. They are not permitted to
intermarry with the white race, under heavy pen-
alties. They are not permitted to remain in any
county without giving security that they, in the
future, will not become chargeable 011 the poor
list. Although these arc the provisions of the
constitution and laws of his own State, the Sena-
tor pathetically and eloquently repeats the words
of the Declaration nf Independence that all men
are created equal. Look at his own constitution,
look at his own laws, look at his own declaration
of independence which uses the same language;
and yet they say they are not equal, and that the
negro race is not embraced ana was not in the
mind of the men who penned the Declaration of
Independence.
So much for giving a literal construction to the
Declaration of Independence. So much as to get-
ting at what the Republican party would do who
claim sovereign power over the Territories. You
talk about a freeman, and yet this man who is
free and equal, according to your idea of the sub-
ject, is not permitted to come into a court of jus-
tice as a competent witness against a white man,
is not permitted to stand in the ranks as a man fit
to muster, is not permitted to intermany with a
white, is not permitted to vote. What, then, does
constitute a freeman.'1 Oh, yes, I suppose he en-
joys liberty. Liberty ! Deprived of every privi-
lege, he yet enjoys liberty ! He is a freeman, and
yet can exercise no franchise that pertains to a
freeman ! He is a worse slave, in fact, than the
African who is m the South and in bondage; a
great deal worse, for by these restraints and re-
strictions he is made a slave; he enjoys the shadow
and the name of being a freeman, but is stripped
of all the franchises that constitute a freeman.
He is a slave, in fact, without a master; and I
think his is a great deal worse condition than that
of the slave who lias a master.
In connection with this point, the. Senator has
thrown out another idea which I do not know
whether 1 clearly apprehend or not. Of course
that is my fault and not his. He says in another
portion of his speech:
41 Wc will perpetuate free government, by continuingthc
principles that he advocated. Hut, sir, what beyond that ?
How has it come, from a gentleman upon that side of the
House, to tell us wc must not call omselve< Republicans,
when they assume to caH.themselves Demociats? Demo-
crats ! Aiul the illustiation of your principle, democracy,
if-- the supremacy of an aristocracy of slaveholder^ in this
country. Any man can be a member ot the Democratic
paity who will adopt your creed on the subject of the spiead
of slaveiy. and the upholding of slavcholdmg institution^ in
this country, which concern directly not one man in sixty
of the population of this Union. That is the paity that has
arrogated to itself the name of 'Democrat,' and that re-
pioachea up for calling ourselves Republicans Democrats !
A party that legislates foi the i airiest of one out of sixty:
foigett'mg the mteic.M of foui fifths of the families of the
Sou 111 (o pioraote that of one fifth--free white men >'
If I understand him corrcctly, he proceeds upon
the idea that anybody can be a Democrat who is
in favor of the spread or the maintenance' of sla-
very; he seems to lay that down as an essential
or sine qua non of being a Democrat. Now, when
we come to look at the broad principles of the
Democratic party, we find that, so far as the in-
stitution of slavery is concerned, it constitutes a
very small portion of the basis and principles on
which they intend and expect to administer this
Government, and have administered it heretofore;
but the Democratic party assume to be a national
party; the Democratic party assume to maintain
the Constitution and all its guarantees as it is.
They assume that this Constitution that was made
and handed down to us by our forefathers, guar-
anties the institution of slavery wherever found
within the United States. They, in advocating
the Constitution of the country as it is, stand by
this institution callcd slavery, it being recognixed
by the Constitution of the tJnited States, which
guaranties that it shall not be disturbed. Then
the Democratic party stand on the Constitution of
the country. They propose no innovation. They
have made no advance on the North. They pro-
pose the introduction of no new institution, so far
as the northern States are concerned; but they are
disposed to stand by the Constitution of the coun-
try, as it has been handed down to them, willing
and anxious to abide by its guaiantees. Because
a man in the North, who agrees that the institution
is constitutional, who agrees that the southern
States have constitutional guarantees, stands by
an individual in the South maintainingthese great
constitutional rights, does that argue that he is in
favor of the spread of African slavery; that he is
for continuing it any more than the Constitution
continues it? It seems to me not; and what the
Senator lays down as the touchstone of the Demo-
cratic party, is not the basis of that party. It is a
question now before the country, and has been
one among other questions for a considerable
length of time; and the time has well nigh arrived,
I think, when Senators, North and South, East
and West, had better begin to look into it, and
see where it is driving us.
In the remarks of the Senator from Illinois,
which I just now quoted, there is another idea
thrown out, seemingly not only to affect the peo-
ple outside the slaveliolding States, but to affect
those inside the slaveholding States. It is said
that the legislation of the South is for the benefit
of one out of twenty of the southern people.
Wc deny it. We say our legislation is in accord-
ance with the Constitution and for the country,
and not for one out of twenty or one out of sixty
of the people. I have heard that idea suggested
before. It is intended to have its influence in the
southern States. It is based on the old idea that a
man who owns one hundred slaves stands equal
to sixty white persons in political rights, by rea-
son of the three-fifths clause of the Constitution.
Flow does this matter really stand ? Why will
you not look at it on its true basis? Let us get
at this legislation under the Constitution of the
United States, and we will show that the Sena-
tor's argument is sophistry—pardon me for call-
ing it by that name—that it is not sound in logic,
that it is not sound in the premises, and, of course,
not in the conclusion.
The Constitution of the United States provides
for apportioning representation in the other House
among the States, and declares that all the free
population shall be included, Indians excepted;
and it embraces three fifths of the slaves, who nro
to be addi.'d to the whole number of white per-
sons. From this originates the idea that the man
holding a hundred slaves stands equal to sixty
white men at home. That is the argument, and
it is intended to have a prejudice on the public
mind. How does the matter stand ? Is that the
basis and is it the manner in which the thing op-
erates practically in the States5 Not at all. Un-
der the Constitution of the United States, once in
ten years the census is taken. That being done,
laying down the basis that I have just stared,
embracing three fifths of the slaves, Representa-
tives arc to be apportioned, to whom ? Among
the slaveholders? No. Whore does the repre-
sentation go? I want to be understood. Is it
given to the slaveholders individually, or where
does it go? Away with tins sophistry, wrapped
around with deception. The Representatives arc
to be apportioned among the several States, not
among the individuals. You have fixed your
basis of representation, and in the apportionment
of representation it is to be apportioned among
the several States. States are not known herein
districts. States are not known here in detail, and
especially so in apportioning the representation.
You apportion the representation to the State—
the sovereignty; and the sovereignty gets the
benefit of the representation, and then it is that
the Legislature is to prescribe the mod'- of elect-
ing those Representatives. What becomes of
your idea of sixty to one ? How many of Che
States used to elect their Representatives by gen-
eral ticket, every qualified voter standing upon an
equal footing? But, moreover, all the citizens of
the States stand on an equal footing as to the
benefit that their State has derived under the Con-
stitution of the United States in this additional
representation. The man that docs not own a
slave is permitted to come forward and partici-
pate in this additional representation as much as
the slaveholder. Do you understand that? What
then becomes of your idea of twenty or sixty to
one?
Do not Illinois and all the other non-slavehold-
ing States get the benefit of their free colored pop-
ulation in apportioning representation? After
getting the benefit of your free colored population
in representation,do you let them vote? Do you
admit them into your courts as competent wit-
nesses? Do you permit them to muster? No.
Where, then, is this great injustice? Notwith-
standing your clamor about all men being created
equal, what is your practice ? Your theory is one
thing, and your practice is another. Suppose all
the slaves m the southern States were free, how
would the representation be ?
We arc told that wc have a representation for
three fifths of our negroes. Do not you get rep-
resentation for all your negroes—all your slaves
without masters? I moan the free negroes who
are shorn of every franchise that constitutes a" free-
man. You get a full representation for all your
free negroes, and yet you complain. How would
the matter operate if all.the negroes in the South
were free? rlow would that affect this question
of representation? We only get three fifths of our
negroes represented now, according to the Con-
stitution of the United States. Suppose you were
to emancipate them all and make them all free,
when you came to apportion the representation
among the South, how would it be ? Would it
be three fifths or five fifths? What is three fifths
of four million, assuming the slaves to be four
million in number? The three fifths is two mil-
lion four hundred thousand. What would two
fifths be? One million six hundred thousand.
Then, if your ratio were one hundred thousand,
wc have sixteen Representatives on the other floor
less than we should have if all our negroes were
free men of color. We can understand that.
Instead of getting twenty-four Representatives
! for the blacks, we should* have forty Represent-
atives—sixteen more than we now have.
Where, then, is this great hardship to you;
where is the wrong in the Constitution to you ?
You get a full representation for your negroes,
who,l think, are slaves without masters, for they
arc deprived of all that constitutes freemen. Our
slaves enjoyall the rights of freemen, with one or
two oxccjDtions; and to be deprived of these is
an advantage to them in the relation which they
occupy. Slavery, instead of being an element of
political power to the South, is an element of polit-
ical weakness in the national councils. Is not
that easily seen and understood? Then, why try
to poison" the minds of your people? Why try
' to deceive them? Why not tell them that if all
the slaves were free, instead of the power of the
South being diminished in the Congress of the
United States, she would have sixteen more Rep-
resentatives ? Why not tell them the truth?
: What becomes of all your sympathetic appeals,
1 based upon the equality of black men ana white
! men, when everybody sees and knows that the
condition of a free colored man in the North is
infinitely worse than that of the slave m the South ?
, What, then, becomes of your argument of equal-
ly ity ? There is nothing in it. Why can we not,
j' as brothers in the same great Confederacy, ap-
|! proach each other with a disposition to under-
i| stand our Constitution as it is,notwith a view to
; j g( t an advantage of the argument on the popular
[; ad captandum slang which may be thrown out
h upon the country? Let us divest our minds of all
j prejudice, look at things as th"y are, and see the
] truth as it is. It is the want of understanding
i which gives rise to discussion ; not the under-
, standing of the question which causes argument.
\ Let us understand the principles embraced in the
j Constitution as they are, and then wc can ap-
! proach each other as brothers of the same great
j family, and stand by our bond of union as it is.
■ If the Constitution is wrong, and experience and
I time have proved it to be so, proceed in the man-
