THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUJSE 16, I860.
New Series No. 189.
Senator asks it. I therefore move that the read-
ing be dispensed with, unless there is objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks unanimous consent to suspend the
further reading of the bill. The Chair hears no
objection. The question is on the amendment
reported from the Committece 011 Commerce, to
insert, at the end of the bill, as an additional sec-
tion:
Sec. 6. Jhid he it further enactcd, That so mucll of the
act approved Murcii'3, as authorizes the erection of
range beacons tor crossing the bai in Galveston bay. Texas,
in place ot the light-vessel at that place, lie, the same
is hereby, repealed, and tile light-vessel is hereby directed
to be restored.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. There was another amend-
ment recommended by the committee, to strike
out the third section; which I ask to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment to strike out the third section, 111
the following words:
<k Sec. 3. JLnd be itjurther enacted, Tlutt the sum of$j>2f^&O0
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated and directed to be
paid, out of any money m the Tieasuiy not otherwise ap-
propriated, lor tiie establishment at the points heiGm named
of Mich ear signal* as may piove to be satisfactory under the
experiments hereutbe.loio authouzed to be made, that is to
say: at West Ciuoddy Head and Boone Inland, in Maine ;
at Boston, in Massachusetts; at Sandy Hook, in New Yoilc;
at Ciiaileslon, in South Caiohna; at Savannah, Georgia;
at the Southwest Pass of the Mississippi river; and at Gal-
veston."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is anotheramendment
that I propose to make: in line one hundred and
one to strike out the words " suitable lights," and
insert " a light-house;" so that it will read:
For the ercction of a light-house at the mouth of North
river, (Albemarle sound.) and at the entrance ot North
river, in Cuirituck sound, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose further to amend
that clause, by striking out the words44 and at the
entrance to the jNoiih river, m Currituck sound;"
so that it will read:
For the ercction of a lisjht-home at the mouth of North
river, (.AShemaiio sound,) $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. HAMLIN. It will not take five minntes
to dispose of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the bill can be proceeded with.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will finish it by-
unanimous consent, if it will not take more than
five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the Senate can proceed with the consid-
eration of this bill. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I3y direction of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, I move further to amend the
bill, by adding at the end of line eighty-four:
To enable the Secretaiy of the Treasury to pay the bal-
ance due to Peter Campan, $114 ot).
It is a balance due him under a contract for
building-materials.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a typographical
error in line thirty-three of the first section. The
word" Connecticut"shouldbe" Connimmicut."
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a mistake of the print-
ers. It is all right in the engrossed bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; ordered
to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently said: I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to correct a single
word in the light-house bill. The word t% Con-
necticut " should be " Connimmicut," m line
thirty-three of the first section. I ask thatthe bill
be so amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, that correction will be made without recon-
sidering the bill. The Chair hears no objection.
189
ARMY APPitOPllIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Before callingupthe special
order, I ask for a committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, which the House has sent
back with sundry disagreements to our amend-
ments. I move that the Senate insist, and ask for
a committee of conference, to be appointed by the
Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we have agreed to post-
pone the day of adjournment, and 1 suppose the
House will agree to it, it seems to me that we have
time to do this business differently. I think it the
worst kind of legislation.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator objects, I will
not press my motion now, but will call up the spe-
cial order. If lie objects, let the motion lie over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state the objection
while I am up. There arc .some foity or fifty
amendments to the Army bill. They have been
sent to the House of Representatives. The House
has eoncuired m some, has concurred in others
with amendments, and has refused to concur in
others. Now, what does the Senator from Vir-
ginia ask? He asks us to insist on our amend-
ments. Without knowing what amendments
are concurred in, what amendments have been
amended by the House, and what have been re-
jected, he asks us to insist in gross, and turn the
legislation upon the&e foity amendments over to
a committee of confidence, consisting of six mem-
bers of the two Houses. They make a report
which goes to the Senate *and House of Repre-
sentatives; and then, what is the question5 Why
it is on concurring in the repoit of the committee
on conference. And how many of us know, when
that report is made, what we have passed ? Now
we have plenty of time 
Mr. HUNTER. I told the Senator I -would not
push it, if he objects. I will agree to let it lie on
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wc gain nothing by that.
I am willing it should come up now. 1 am not
objecting to its coming up now; but he ought to
tell us what amendments are concurred in, what
amendments have been amended, and what re-
jected. Perhaps the Senate would agree to the
amendments of the House to our amendments.
I do not know what they are. Perhaps we would
recede from some which we have made, when we
find that the House would not agree to them. 1
undeistand the practice of the llou&e of Repre-
sentatives is very different. They consider our
amendments, and not in gross insist upon every-
thing they have done, and turn the whole legis-
lation over toacommittee of conference. I have
no objection to the motion being considered now.
Mr. HUNTER. Have I the right to call up
the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to withdraw his motion.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well, sir. I withdraw
it. I move to take up the tariff bill, which I be-
lieve is the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the special
order at this hour.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. IVERSON. I must insist that the Senate
will at least proceed to the consideration of bills
on the Private Calendar fiom the House of Rep-
resentatives, for one or two hours, so as to get
through with them. I will therefore move to post-
pone the tariff bill, for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the bills on the Private
Calendar from the House of Representatives. I
will state that theie are but fifteen or twenty, per-
haps not more than twenty, of those bills. None
of them aie of a very important character. They
are ^eneially small bills, involving small amounts,
but which are very important to the patties intei-
ested. It is very hard, indeed, after they have
e-ot a decision m thv other House, to be turned
over to the next session, with out getting the benefit
of the relief which these bills give them. If we
do not prolong our session—aud it is by no means
certain that we shall do it—it is distinctly under-
stood that the President will sign no private bill
that does not pass to-day, and therefore'it is an
exclusion of every private bill. I do not thinfe
theie is any vciy gieat urgency in taking up the
tariff bill at this time. If the Senate take up the'se
House bills, in two hours we can get through
with them, without trouble, and probably none of
them will give, rise to any debate.
Mr. MASON. Let the Senator ask for two
hours.
Mr. IVERSON. That is what I propose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that lus attention had not been called to the
fact, and he had forgotten that resolution setting
apart this day for the consideration of private
bills. That resolution of the Senate makes the
Private Calendar in order, and supersedes the
special order of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to postpone all
prior ordois, for the purpose of taking up the
tariff bill. I pledged myself to call it up. Gen-
tlemen on the other side allowed me to get along
with the appropriation bills, with that pledge and
promise. I feel bound to make the motion, to
carry it out if I can. If the Senate overrules me,
ofcour.se I have nothing more to say.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the Senate will not
yield to that motion of the Senator from Virginia
until wo get through with the private bills from
the House of Representatives. 1 am not insisting
for action on Senate bills, because I think it iisc-
less to devote any further time to them; but I
think it very important to these parties, that they
should have at least the consideration of the bills
that passed the House of Representatives. As I
have said, there are not a great many of them,
and. they involve but a very small amount of ex-
penditure to the Government; but they are cer-
tainly very important to the parties themselves.
These parties are generally very poor people, and
come to the Government for relief in cases to
which they are entitled; and I trust wc shall de-
vote at least two hours to them. I think we can
get through the Private Calendar in two hours.
If the motion of the Senator from Virginia does
not prevail, my motion will be to take up bills
from the House of Representatives on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. J3IGLER. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will prevail. It has been un-
derstood for some days that this subject of the
tariff would be taken up. It was expected to be
considered yesterday; and, whilst I am as anx-
ious as my friend from Georgia that the private
bills should be considered, I do not see what is
to be gained by postponing the subject, which it
was generally understood would be proceeded
with this morning. Besides, I think we can take
up the X^rivate Calendar this evening, and dispose
of it without any trouble; and it is a better time
to consider bills of this character than during tliG
day. 1 hope the motion of the Senator from Virr
gmia will prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to post-
pone thePiivate Calendar, with a view to taking
up the bill (Yi. R. No. 338) to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury note??, to au-
thorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties en
imports, and foi other putposes.
Ml. BIGLER and Mr. KING callcd for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 43, nays 13; as follows:
VHAS— Antbouj, Bayard, Big] in, Bingham,
Brag^, Bright, Campion, Chandlei, dark, C'liiigman, Ciit-
tenden, Dixon. Duoli'tle, Diirkee, Fe-wcmlun, foot. Fos-
tei. Games, G\'vm. Hale, liainhn. Hat Ian, liuntei, John-on
ol A) k:\twij-, Kennedv. Km<r. Lane, Latham, Poaice, PuW-
 *:!. PiH>, Kiee, Sebastian, Seuaul, Fiinmon*, funnier.
Ten Evek. Toombs,Trumbull, Wade, Wilki^on, Wilson,
ant! Viilec—
WYS—AIessrs. fiiown, Cbc-nut, Vitzpatiick, Giocn,
Ilam'nomi, Hemphill, Jvcifon. Johnson ol Teiine^efc,
lUaiion, Mason, Niciiol.-uji, Polk, and oaulfcbuiy—13.
TIIE TATUFF BILL.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
eider the bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the
