2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May 11,
tive session. We have some executive business
that should -be disposed of. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 11, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved..
TREATY WITH PARAGUAY.
Mr.BRANCH. I ask the consent of the House
to report, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
Senate bill No. 340, to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the Re-
public of Paraguay. X should like, with the con-
sent of the House, to say a word.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know what the reg-
ular order of business is.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. GROW. Then, if this bill gives rise to
debate, or if the yeas and nays are to be called on
it, I shall object to it.
Mr. BRANCH. I am quite ccrtain it will not
occupy three minutes. If it give rise to debate,
I will withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the bill
be read.
The bill was read. It directs the President of
the United States, by and with the advice of the
Senate, to appoint a commissioner, whose duty
it shall be, conjointly with a commissioner ap-
pointed by the Government of Paraguay, to in-
vestigate, adjust, and determine the amount of tlio
claims of the United States and Paraguay Nav-
igation Company against the Government of
Paraguay; also, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint a secretary to said
commissioner, in behalf of the United States,
versed in the English and Spanish languages. It
authorizes the said commissioner on the part of
the United States, in conjunction with the com-
missioner on the part of Paraguay, to make all
needful rules and regulations for conducting the
businessof theirsaid commission—suchrulesand
regulations not contravening the Constitution of
the United States, the provisions of this act, or
the provisions of the said convention; and fixes
the compensation of the respective officers, for
whose appointment provisions are made by this
act, as follows: to the commissioner, in full for his
services, the sum of $1,500; to the secretary an<l
interpreter, in full for his services, the sum of
$1,000. The President is authorized to make
such provision for the contingent expenses of the
said commission on the part of the United States
as shall to him appear reasonable and proper, and
likewise all that partof the compensation andex-
penses of the umpire under said commissioner,
which is required thereby to be defrayed by the
United States. It requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to transmit to the said commission such
papers or records, relating to the business before
the said commission, as he may deem proper, or
as may be called for by the commissioners; and
directs that at the termination of the commission
all the records, documents, and all other papers,
which have been before the commissioners, or in
possession of its secretary, shall be deposited in
the Department of State; provided, that the act
shall not be so construed as to prevent the com-
missioner on the part of Paraguay from depos-
iting in the said Department certified copies or
duplicatesof papers,filed on behalfof his Govern-
ment, instead of originals. It directs that the
amount paid out of the Treasury, pursuant to the
provisions of this act for carrying the said con-
vention into effect, shall be retained by the United
States out of the money that may, pursuant to
the terms of said convention, be received from
Paraguay, and that the same be returned to the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from North Carolina whether
this bill is intended to carry out the stipulations
of the treaty?
Mr. BRANCH. Precisely, and no more
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did it meet
with unanimous concurrence in the Committee of
Foreign Affairs of the House?
Mr. BRANCH. It was unanimously concurred
in. I would state further, that the commissioner
of Paraguay has been, as I am informed, in this
city for three or four months, waiting for the ap-
pointment of a commissioner on our part; and
already too much time has been allowed to elapse.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to give notice to the
House, that, by a mutual arrangement between
the parties, it is agreed that the Committee of
Elections shall call up the case of Howard and
Cooper on Monday next. I trust that the mem-
bers of the House will send for the reports in the
case; and be prepared for the consideration of the
case on Monday.
Mr. CAMPBELL made a like announcement
in the matter of the Nebraska contested election.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Patton, one of the clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 661) to furnish additional mail facilities; also,
an act (S. No. 416) to secure homesteads to act-
ual settlers on the public domain, and for other
purposes; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. TAPPA-N. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the regular order of business
to-day is the consideration of private bills; and
I make that point. I know that Thursday and
Friday were assigned, some days ago, for the
consideration of territorial business; but I under-
stood yesterday that the special order was changed
to Saturday. If the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia is allowed to go on with his territorial business
to-day, then, instead of having two days for that
business, he will have three; for he will have to-
morrow as well as to-day.
Mr. GROW. That shows that the gentleman
did not pay attention to the business of the House
yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
proposition was to pass over the business of yes-
terday, and postpone it to Satuiday; but to-day
being one of the two days assigned for the special
order, territorial business is in order.
Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the consideration of territorial business, in
order to take up the business of the Territories that
are already organized.
Mr. THAYER. [ object to that. There are
several committees that want to report bills on
territorial business; and I desire to have the com-
mittees called.
Mr. GROW. They were called yesterday.
Mr. THAYER. The regular order of business
is the call of committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. It is a question for the House
to decide whether it will go into committee. The
motion is in order.
Mr. THAYER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. THAYER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gooch and
Branch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes GO, noes 81.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the regular order of
business.
TERRITORY OF IDAHO.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Idaho; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. GROW. I want the Chair to have entered
a motion to recommit the bill.
Mr THAYER I move that the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW. I have not yielded the floor. I
have reported the bill, had entered a motion to
recommit, and now propose to say a word or two
on the bill.
Mr. THAYER. I certainly thought the gen-
tleman had yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr.HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order. I
may be mistaken,but I do not think that I am, in
regard to the understanding of yesterday. I under-
stood that these territorial bills were postponed
until to-morrow, at the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] himself.
Such, I believe, is the statement of the record.
Mr. THAYER. That is my understanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the business was only passed over yesterday to
come up to-day. Such is the entry upon the min-
utes.
Mr. GROW. The regular order of business is
a call of committees for reports; and I have sub-
mitted the report from the Committee on Territo-
ries that is now before the House.
Mr. DELANO. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I want the Journal to be again read. I make
the point that the Journal, as read this morning,
is not correct; and that the true entry ought to be
that the further consideration of these territorial
bills was postponed until Saturday.
Mr. THAYER. And that was the understand-
ing of the House.
Mr. DELANO. It certainly was my under-
standing.
The SPEAKER. The Journal has been ap-
proved.
Mr. GROW. And, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Massachusetts cannot take the floor from
me with his question of privilege.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
My point is this: the reports from the Committee
on 1 erritories were postponed yesterday until to-
morrow, and the chairman of that committee an-
nounced that whatever action should be taken on
one bill, lie would consider to apply to them all;
and that he would not report any more until that
action was had.
Mr. GROW. Where does the gentleman find
that?
Mr. ADRAIN. I recollect that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania stated distinctly that the de-
cision on one bill would be decisive of them all.
Mr. THAYER. He stated that he would not
report the rest if one were defeated.
Mr. CASE. It is not in order to correct the
Journal in reference to statements made between
gentlemen unon the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Chair to decide my
point of order, so that we may know whether or
not these territorial reports have or have notbeen
postponed until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, it was my inten-
tion to take up the ordinary business of the or-
ganized Territories, and to dispose of it before
the House proceeded to the consideration of prop-
ositions for the organization of new Territories
But it seems the House arc not disposed to dis-
pose of the business pertaining to the present Ter-
ritories first, as I intended and indicated a desire
to do yesterday, and have-made the motion this
morning for that purpose, which has just failed.
I must, therefore, if the committees are to be
called now, take up the bills for the organization
of new Territories, and leave the necessary and
important business for the organized Territories
to take care of itself.
_ Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Territories de-
cided to report in favor of the organization of five
new Territories—Chippewa, Dakota, Idaho,Ne-
vada, and Arizona.
Chippewa, composed of the northern portion of
Nebraska and what is now called Dakota, west
of Minnesota and east of Washington Territory;
and north of the parallel of 46° north latitude and
a due west line from the head of Big Stone lake
to the Missouri river, contains about one hun-
dred and fifty thousand square miles; and, so fat-
as we can ascertain, there are of whites and half-
breed Indians, civilized, about five or six thou-
sand inhabitants, settled on Pembina river and
