1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
suing the Government, by saying that where the
amount recovered against the Government shall
be $20,000, it shall not be final and conclusive
against the United States, and binding on the good
faithofthe Government, until Congress shall make
a specific appropriation for that particular claim.
If this bill bears the construction which the
Senator from Georgia contends, that the Secretary
of the Treasury is to come to Congress and state
the amount of judgments which have already been
rendered, item by item, judgment after judgment,
and tliat Congress can object to any particular
judgment, 1 do not know that I should object to
the bill; but I understand it directly the contrary;
that the practical operation of this bill is, that the
Secretary estimates a contingent fund, not for the
purpose of paying any specific claim, but for
paying private claims which, in all human prob-
ability, may be adjudged against the Department
,in the course of the ensuing year, and asks Con-
gress to appropriate a sum of money, and put it at
his disposal; and when these judgments are ren-
dered by the courts, they are to become final and
conclusive on the Government; and if the money
is in the Treasury, tffe first claimant for whom a
judgment is rendered and presented to the Treas-
ury, may take the whole amount estimated by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Now, X desire simply
to have this limitation put upon the amount that
may be recovered, so that no immense claim of
41,000,000, perhaps, against the Government, can
be paid without being looked into by Congress
itself. I am Willingto trust to the contingencies and
chances of a lawsuit in the Court of Claims, and
again in the Suprftne Court, on an appeal, up to
the amount of $20,000, and to subject the Govern-
ment to be sued, as private individuals are, to that
extent; but I am not willing to go beyond that.
While I am up, I desire to say also that I think
the sum of S3,000, which uj here made the limit
for appeal from the Court of Claims to the Su-
preme Court, had better be $5,000. You will
break down the Supreme Couii with the amount
of business you may throw on them, if every
case of a private claim must necessarily be taken
to that court. I think, Mr. President, if these two
limitations—but especially the limitation which I
have proposed in the amendment—should meet
with the views of the Senate, and be adopted, I
could consent to support the bill. Otherwise I
cannot support the bill, and leave it unlimited for
the court to find whatever judgment thty please
against the United States, in favor of private in-
dividuals, and make it absolutely binding, as I
deem it would be, on our good faith.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Wisconsin. I concur with him
exactly in the objection which he states, if it
exists in the bill. I suggest to him that he offer
an amendment which will remove the construc-
tion to which he objects, and make it so exact
that there can be no doubt hereafter.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to an
amend men dike that suggested by the Senator from
Mississippi, because that was undoubtedly the in-
tention of the bill. I introduced this bill origin-
ally myself, and, I think, I understand something
about it. I did not hear the remarks of the Sen-
' ator from Delaware, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. His remarks were indistinct,
and I did not hear them; but, if he made the ex-
planation which the Senator from Wisconsin
attributes to him, he does not, in my opinion,
understand his own bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. What is the remark to which
the honorable Senator refers ?
Mr. IVERSON. I will explain. The bill pro-
vides " that in all cases of filial judgments by said
court, or on appeal by the said Supreme Court,
where the same is in favor of the claimant, the
sum due thereby shall be paid out of any general
appropriation made by law for the payment and
satisfaction of private"claims." The Senator
from Wisconsin stated that the Senator from Del-
aware had said that he construed that to mean that
the Secretary would make an estimate in advance
of claims which might possibly be adjudicated in
the Court of Claims, and that Congress would
make an appropriation in advance to cover the
judgments of "the Court of Claims to be subse-
quently made. If that is the construction which
the Senator from Delaware puts on this bill, I
humbly submit that he does not understand it;
and I am borne out by the opinion of one of the
other members of the Judiciary Committee, who
sits near me, the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Green,] who says this matter was discussed
freely and fully ill the committee.
The Senator from Wisconsin has stated a case
which shows the absurdity of the construction
thus put upon the bill. The Secretary of the
Treasury makes an estimate, and he has to have
the prescience of God to make one to meet the
eases. But suppose he does: he comes forward
and in the dark asks Congress to appropriate
$100,000 to pay the judgments which the Court
of Claims may hereafter render. A case comes
up—the very first case upon the docket of the
Court of Claims—for §100,000, and it exhausts
every cent; and then every other judgment which
may be rendered by the court goes unpaid. Does
not this show that the construction is absurd? In
the first place, you require the Secretary to do
that which nobody but God Almighty can do;
and that is, to determine how much may be the
judgments of the Court of Claims, and how much
may be desired from Congress to pay them.
.No such construction can possibly be put upon
the bill. The proper construction is the one which
I have stated; and it is, that the Secretary comes
at the commencement of each Congress and asks
for an appropriation to pay the amounts of judg-
ments which have already been rendered by the
Court of Claims in the aggregate. The Court of
Claims reports to him from time to time, accord-
ing to one of the other provisions of this bill, be-
tween the sittings of Congress, the amounts of its
judgments in each case; and at the commencement
of the next session, the Secretary asks Congress
to appropriate the aggregate amount necessary to*
cover these various judgments; and thijn Congress
appropriates that by law; and then the claimant in
each case, after the appropriation is made, takes
his certificate of the judgment from the Court of
Claims, and carries it to the Treasury Depart-
ment and gets his pay. There is the simple op-
eration of the proposed law; and nothing can be
plainer, in my opinion.
If the construction which the Senators from
Delaware and from Wisconsin put on this c]ause
be right, I am against the bill, and will vote against
it, unless it be amended so as to make it plain that
that is not the proper construction. I will never
permit a Secretary of the Treasury to come here,
and, in the dark, ask for an appropriation of any
amount, without our knowing how it is to bfe ap-
plied or to whom it is to go. I will never vote for
an appropriation bill of that sort. I want to know
where the money of the Government is going,
when I vote it. I desire to know what judgments
of the Court of Claims are to be paid before I
vote an appropriation to pay them. I am not
going to vote in the dark for an appropriation of
a hundred thousand or half a million or a million
dollars, to be applied to pay judgments of the
Court of Claims when they shall hereafter render
them. I desire to keep the power to review the
judgments of the Court of Claims; and if I think
m any case it has acted wrong, and given an im-
proper judgment, I shall move in the Senate to re-
strict the amount of the appropriation so as to
prevent the payment of that claim. I think Con-
gress oughtalways to have that power in its hands,
and not be asked to appropriate money in the dark;
not be asked to appropriate whatever the Secre-
tary may estimate for, not knowing to whom it
is to go, or for what purpose, except the general
purpose of paying judgments of the Court of
Claims. If thatis the construction, and the prop-
er construction, to be put on this clause of the
bill, I am opposed to it.
Mr. BAYARD. It may possibly be not un-
likely that the honorable Senator from Georgia
may have that species of intellect that he njay
know that others cannot understand their own
bills; but still it is also possible that the honora-
ble Senator may himself be mistaken, notwith-
standing his vehemence of manner and his utter
want of courtesy. All that may be so; but the
idea in my mind, which I meant to express to the
Senate was this—I think so still—that the great
object of the bill is, that investigations into indi-
vidual cases shall not be made by a body like
Congress, which is utterly incompetent to do it;
and the bill is defective, if such is not its object.
Congress undoubtedly, as I read the provision
which is referred to, may either make a general
appropriation, whether it is one hundred thousand
Oil- one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, in ad-
vance, for the purpose of paying private claims,
or may make it subsequently. Tliat is in their
discretion, I admit. Iherc is no obligation by
the bill or Congress to appropriate in advance;
but I have supposed that course may be taken
uiider the bill, and I think so still.
Nor do I see any injury in that. The amount
would always be known. I do not think it re-
quires any such extraordinary intelligence, in the
course of a year or two, to make an estimate of
what will be the probable amount of claims against
the Government. If you were to pass a clause
in an appropriation bill appropriating $100,000
for the payment of judgments rendered by the
Court of Claims, not one dollar of it would be
spent unless those judgments were rendered; and
yet it is the intention of the bill to render the
judgments of the court final. That is the very
intention of the bill. Therefore, I see no injury,
no danger to the Government, if you only take
care to limit the amount of your appropriation;
and whether you make it in advance, or make it
subsequently, you have the list of claims before
you; none can be paid but judgments rendered
by the court. You intend to give the power of
final judgment to the court, subject to appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States. You
do not intend, if I understand the bill, to revise
the action of the court in individual cases. If
you do, the bill is utterly worthless. I am very
well satisfied that no such construction ever
can be arrived at. Congress may, or may not,
in its discretion, determine that it will make an
antecedent appropriation; taking the average of
claims hitherto allowed by the court; and if the
amount is not sufficient to pay all thejudgments,
of course they will make a further appropriation
at the next session. As to whether one judg-
ment is to take it, or five or fifty judgments, is
not the question in my mind. The question is,
whether Congress ought to decide, or w a body
competent to decide, private claims, which are
questions of judicial cognizance; whether our ex-
perience has not shown that any legislative body
is incompetent for a purpose like tnat. I think
the great object of the bill is to get rid of that ac-
tion on the part of Congress, at the same time that
it retains the control over the aggregate amount
which shall be disbursed by this Government for
private claims; and I do not care whether one
construction is given to the bill, or the other. I
admit it is susceptible of both; whether Congress
choose to makean appropriation beforehand—and
in some respects it would be more just to do so—
or whether they choose to make the appropria-
tion after the list has been returned by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; but in either event, I hold,
ana I trust when it comes before Congress, that
any attempt to investigate an,individual case by
striking at the amount of an appropriation, will
be discountenanced by Congress. Very certainly
they could not reach it by any such legislation,
if the list came in; because all they could do,ac-
cording to the frame of the bill, would be to di-
minish the amount; and unless they chose to pass
on the particular case also by special law, they
could not prevent the Secretary from paying any
one case or another.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, my service
upon the Committee on Claims during two Con-
gresses, if it has convinced me of anything, has
convinced me of the absurdity, if not impro-
priety, of attempting on that committee to inves-
tigate the vast amount of private claims which
come before it, with anything like justice to the
| Government; and my experience here has taught
me that, whenever our Private Calendar comes
up, private claims pass very much indeed upon
feelings of sympathy, rather than justice to the
Government, or the true claims of the parties
themselves. 1 supposed, when this bill was re-
ported, that its object was to relieve us here from
duties which are entirely incongruous to our ordi-
nary functions, which we ought never to be called
upon to perform—the investigation of claims of
every kind and character, from five.dollars to five
million. I supposed the object of the bill was to
relieve us from that, and to throw the respons-
ibility where we are willing te devolve it, on the
Court of Claims. 'Now, it appears, from the sug-
gestions of the chairman of the Committee on
Claims, under whom I have the honor to serve, by
his construction of the bill, that every individual
