1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
case which has been thoroughly examined, and
in regard to which testimony has been taken, ac-
cording1 to the principles of the common law and
the practice of the courts, and a decision has been
made, is to come here for review, and we are to
treat it, in fact, as if no such examination had
been instituted.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the honorable Senator
from Florida allow me to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator misunderstands
my argument. I have made no such argument
as that. 1 have said this, however: that the appro-
priation will be aggregated to cover all the judg-
ments of the Court of Claims. I do not say that
Congress is to pass on each case; but I do say
that it is in the power of any Senator or Repre-
sentative to have a review of any case here, if he
chooses, by moving to withhold an appropriation
from that particular case. That may be done. I
do not say it will be done in any case. Undoubt-
edly it will not bring up each case, as a matter of
course.
Mr. MALLORY. I think I do notftiisrepre-
sent the argument of the honorable Senator from
Georgia; I think I understand it. He did not say
what I said; but I inferred correctly from his ar-
gument the premises I have used. It is to place
m review before the Senate every claim which
has been decided by the Court of Claims. It is
to hold a, check on the Court of Claims, and to
refuse them a finality in all sums. If that be the
rightful construction of this bill, I shall vote
©gainst it. The Senator from Georgia says, if
that is the rightful construction, he will vote for
it. I say he emasculates the bill entirely; he de-
prives it of vitality; he throws on us the respons-
ibility we have now. That is the course of pro-
ceeding now. Every case that comes up depends
on its merits now. He says that after the decis-
ion of the court, we may decide it upon its merits.
Then we shall have every case that has been de-
cided by the Court of Claims and the Supreme
Court here for revision again, and every Senator
who has not taken the trouble to read the decis-
ion, will have it read in the Senate and investi-
gated here, and the time of this body will be taken
up by the reinvestigation of claims precisely as is
now done.
Is there anything in the bill that will alter the
state of things ? Claims come here from the Court
of Claims. Those decisions are referred to the
Committee on Claims who reexamine them, ses-
sion after session, and yet they are reexamined
again here in open Senate, Senators not being
satisfied. If this construction is to obtain, it will
be equally in their power then, after this adjudica-
tion, to except particular claims from the opera-
tion of this bill, and except them all.
Sir, we must trust some of the branches of this
Government. I am in favor of throwing the en-
tire responsibility on this court, and sending their
judgments directly to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. We can, at any time, abolish the court if
it prove to be an abuse, it has already attained
a very high position. It has already secured, as
I think, the confidence-of Congress, and the con-
fidence of the public. I think nothing has oc-
curred to destroy or impair it. It is growing in
strength daily. We have, at any time, the power
to restrict it when called upon by the Secretary
of the Treasury to make the appropriations, and
in that way to operate as a check.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One single word further.
This bill, as first introduced, used this language:
"Where the same i* in favor of the claimant, the sum
due thereby shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated."
But the committee have moved to strike out the
words iS money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated," and insert 4' general appropriation
made by law for the payment and satisfaction of
private clalms.,, Then, in the latter part of the
sect ion, it is made the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury, at the commencement of each session,
to include in his report " a statement of all sums
paid at the Treasury on such judgments, together
with the names of the parties in who^e favor the
same were allowed." This bill, as it originally
stood, without the amendment reported by the
committee, would have authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay a claim, however large,
out of any money not otherwise appropriated, in
the Treasury; and at the next session of Congress,
he would report the amount which he had paid.
That is as I understand the bill. I think it can-
not bear any other construction.
As I stated, lam willing that there should be a
general appropriation in advance and to a certain
amount, if you please, p£0,000 or $200,000; and
I am willing to trust, first, to the Court of Claims,
and then, on appeal to the Supreme Court, the
decision of claims against the Government; all
small claims, or ordinary claims, or claims, if you
please, below twenty thousand dollars; but when
it comes to a claim above twenty thousand dol-
lars, I insist that there should be a specific appro-
priation by Congress. We ought not to suffer
ourselves to go into court to be sued by private
individuals to any amount without its being exam-
ined at all by Congress. That was the object of
the amendment which I proposed. I hope that it
will meet with the approbation of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a matter of supreme in-
difference to me whether the amendment offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin be adopted or
not; for, unless the construction given by the
Senator from Georgia on this bill be the one that
it should properly receive, I am disposed to vote
against the bill in all its shapes; but I think the
Senator from Georgia is in error in the expres-
sion of opinion which he e^ve to the Senate as to
its proper construction. This question has been
decided by the Senate already. When the bill
was before the Senate on a former occasion, the
Senator from New Hampshire proposed to amend
it thus:
" But no claim shall he paid out of any such general ap-
propriation, until after such claim shall have received the
sanction of the Court of Claims, and the amount been tpe-
cilicaUy estimated for in the annual estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury."
And this was voted down by an overwhelming
majority of the Senate. When it was thus voted
down, my mind came to the conclusion that it was
my duty, as one of the custodians of the United
States Treasury, to vote against this bill.
Now, let us look at this question. A few years
ago you organized a Court of Claims. You de-
signed that that Court of Claims should be a
merely examining court; that they shoultl marshal
the accounts; that they should investigate ques-
tions of law and submit their conclusions to you
for their final decision; but, like all courts that
have been established since the foundation of the
world, it has been constantly attempting to draw
to itself more and more power, until nowitseeKs
to acquire the control of the Treasury. It was
said on a former occasion, and has been repeated
to-day, that the amount that will be annually ap-
propriated from your Treasury to pay the judg-
ments of the eBurt, will not exceed more than one
or two hundred thousand dollars; but have we
any assurance that this amount will be limited to
one or two or live hundred thousand dollars dur-
ing any year? I apprehend not.
The trouble with the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin is this: that says that the judg-
ment shall be submitted to Congress when the
amount shall not exceed $20,000; but it is compe-
tent for the Court of Claims to determine a prin-
ciple in a case involving only §2,000, which may
draw from the public Treasury millions of dollars.
During the last administration, when you had one
of the best Secretaries of the Treasury that you
ever had in this country, I apprehend—Mr. Guth-
rie—a decision was made, I have been informed
by a Senator near me, involving the amount of
only two or three thousand dollars, in regard to
some drawbacks growing out ofyour revenue laws.
A decision was made by this Court of Claims in
favor of the claim. Mr. Guthrie objected to that
"decisicm, and brought the attention of the Com-
mittee on Claims of the Senate to it, and the com-
mittee decided that Mr. Guthrie was right, and
that the Court of Claims was wrong; but if that
decision had been confirmed by the Senate,it would
have_drawn millions of dollars out of the Treas-
ury. The check which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin proposes to establish on this court amounts
to nothing; because, although the amount involved
in the particular suit may be very small, yet it
may establish a principle which may put the whole
Treasury at the command of this CourtofClaims-
It is said here that we should do this in justice
to these claimants; yet what did you do, the very
first thing, when you went into committee on this
bill? An amendment was proposed by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, declaring that when
the Government went into any of the States, and
there sued a private citizen, and that private cit-
izen, before your own court, appointed by your-
self, before a jury selected by yourself and paid
by yourself, should be able to satisfy the court
and jury that he was entitled to a set-off greater
in amount than the claim which the Government
had against him, that should be conclusive against
the United States. You rejected the amendment;
you decided that that should not be conclusive;
but that he should be compelled to come here and
prosecute his set-off a second time before your
Court of Claims; and you say that is justice to
the citizen residingin California or Texas, or Iowa
or Maine!
I am opposed to this whole thing, sir—to the
whole bill. I consider myself standing here as
one of the guardians of the Treasury, #nd I am
not willing to say that $100,000 shall be voted in
a gross amount to meet the judgments that may
be rendered by the Court of Claims, upon the sup-
position that that is the amount which will be
required for an average number of years, for I
apprehend that the Court of Claims will be con-
tinually drawing to itself more and more power,
encroaching more and more on other courts in its
jurisdiction, until finally we shall find that we
have erected here a tribunal dangerous to the
Treasury, if not to the liberties of our people.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I concur fully
with the speech delivered by the Senator who has
just resumed his seat; and it is about the only
speech on this subject that I have heard in which
I do concur. I regard this whole Court of Claims
as an unmitigated humbug. It was so in the be-
ginning; it is so now. That precise .thing is about
to happen which those of us'who opposed it in
the beginning predicted would happen, that the
judgments of the court were to be drafts upon the
national Treasury. The friends of this court, in
the beginning, said that no such thing could hap-
pen. They recognized our construction of the
Constitution, which is but the plain language of
it, that no money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury but in pursuance of appropriations made by
law, and declared to us, that if the court were es-
tablished, there would be no attempt, by move-
ments of this kind, to draw money from the Treas-
ury otherwise than in pursuance of appropriations
made by law. Now, sir, we are confronted with
a proposition to allow the mere judgments of the
court to operate as drafts on the Treasury. Con-
gress is to come in and foot the bills. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin makes an attempt to limit it
to a small amount; he is not prepared to go the
whole figure just now. If the court pronounces
a judgment involving $100,000, then Congress is
to be consulted 
Mr. DOOLlTTfiE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to say a word. I voted for the prop-
osition of the Senator from New Hampshire,
which would retain the entire supervision of Con-
gress, by making it necessary that every case
should be submitted to Congress before the money
should be paid; but the Senate voted down that
proposition by so strong a vote that I supposed
the bill would pass in an unlimited shape, and
my desire was to put some limit on it. I am with
the honorable Senator from Mississippi and the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. BROWN. I was speaking to the propo-
sition as it now stands. If a large sum of money
is adjudged to-be due by the court, then Congress
must be consulted—not consulted in regard to the
principle on which the payment is to be made,
but consulted simply in regard to the amount.
The Senator from Iowa has well said that the
principle necessarily carries the amount with it.
If you vote one dollar from the T reasury on a prin-
ciple to-day, you cannot refuse to vote §100,000
or §1,000,000 to-morrow on the saifie principle.
; Do you mean to establish the theory that the Gov-
I ernment will do justice to small claimants and
I refuse to do justice to large claimants; that you
I will pay a claimant who only demands $1,000,
; pay him because it is right to pay him; and yet
| refuse to pay him if he demands $100,000 on pre-
| eisely the same principle? Sir, you cannot stand
i upon any such theory.
! I hold'it to be true that no money is to pass out
' of the Treasury but in pursuance of appropria-
; tions made by law, because the Constitution has
I so declared. You have no more right to appro-
