1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
priate sums in the aggregate,and without estimate,
and without knowingliow the money is to be used,
to pay private claims, than you have to say: "we
appropriate $60,000,000 for the support of the
Government for-the current year, and leave the
President and his Secretaries to divide it out." I
hold it to be a total departure from the original
theory of the Government; a total ignoring of gen-
tlemen's declarations when you inaugurated this
court. Some of us told you then that the result
would be, when yougot the court inaugurated, to
allow it to send its judgments as drafts on the na-
tional Treasury; I repeat again, that was denied
at the time.
Now you ask for the entering wedge, and, in
the course of time, this court will draw, upon its
judgments, millions upon- millions from the na-
tional Treasury. These attempts to restrict it will
be removed. The country will be made bankrupt
through the instrumentality of a court that adju-
dicates claims and draws money from the Treas-
ury. You will never know how much you have,
or how much you have to provide for. Congress
departs from the principle of the Constitution.
Sir, it is the business of Congress to furnish the
Treasury with money, and the duty of Congress
to draw it from the Treasury by virtue of its own
appropriations. We hafrc no authority, in my
opinion, to interpose a court, and say to it, " if
you judge that A is entitled to so many thou-
sands, and B to so much more, and C to so much
more, they shall be paid out of the "Treasury, on
your judgment." That is not living up to the
letter, much less to the spirit, of the Constitution.
Three judges, inferior judges at that, sitting in a
court doing that which the Constitution requires
the Senate and House of Representatives, with
the consent of the President, to do—draw money
from the Treasury! How many millions may
they draw ? This is the first attempt to limit it—
to §200,000,1 think the Senator from Wisconsin
said. Next year the limitation will be put at
$1,000,000, and ultimately the limitation will be
withdrawn entirely. Sir, it is an abuse, and ought
to be stopped right here. Under no possible cir-
cumstances, in no shape in which the bill can be
placed, will it ever command my vote.
Mr. iyERSON. If tho Senator from Wis-
consin will withdraw his amendment, I will offer
one myself, to insert tho words " thereafter to
be," so as to make it read " out of any general
appropriation thereafter to be made by law, for
the satisfaction and payment of private claims."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will withdraw my
amendment, as the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, the chairman of the Committee on Claims,
has given his special attention to this bill, and is
better prepared to make proper amendments than
I am.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to insert the words
"thereafter to be" after the word "Appropri-
ation," so that it shall be necessary that the ap-
propriation shall be made after the judgments of
tho Court of Claims are rendered, and when the
amount is ascertained on an estimate made by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Iowa in relation to the limit in this
case. I cannot vote for this bill—if our hands arc
to be tied, in advance,by an expression of this
sort in the language of„the bill, to an appropri-
ation without knowing to what claims it is to be
applied—merely in the dark, as I said, I will never
consent to it. I do not think Congress ought ever
to permit a bill of this sort to be passed, which
will bind us to pay money when, in our judgment,
that money ought not to be paid. The objection
to the limit of $20,000, or any other limit, is the
one stated by the Senator from Iowa.
Here are what we call the pension cases. The
Court of Claims have adjudicated in favor of ar-
rears of pension. In each case, probably, there
is not more  han from two to five hundred dollars
inyolvcd; and yet it is well ascertained that the
principle settles cases which will, in the end, in-
volve $2,000,000. We are now to appropriate
money to pay those claims in advance, though
this body itself rejected those very cases at the
last session, and decided that the Court of Claims
was wrong: in its judgment, and ought not to have
adjudicated in favor of the claims.
Again, with regard to the cases referred to by
the Senator from Iowa, there were before the
Court of Claims, and sent to the Committee on
Claims, at the last session, what are called duty
cases—applications to refund duties alleged to
have been improperly collcctcd on the importation
of foreign liquors. The amount of these claims,
in each individual case, probably would not be
more than about two thousand dollars; i think
the average is about Uvp thousand dollars a case;
and there have not been more than a dozen cases
as yet adjudicated by the Court of Claims; but I
am informed, by one of the solicitors of the par-
ties, that there are more than sixty cases to be
brought up hereafter, and that they will involve
probably an appropriation of from one hundred
thousand to one million dollars to pay them. The
Committee on Claims at the last Congress, in in-
vestigating this decision of the Court of Claims
in these duty cases, came to the conclusion that
they were unjust, and ought not to be paid, and
so reported; and the Senate confirmed the report
of the committee.
If the bill passes in its present shape, and the
construction which the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee has put on it be correct, then the
money appropriated will go to the payment of
these cases,"or similar cases, to the extent of ex-
hausting the whole appropriation, and Congress
can never exercise any supervisory authority over
the judgmentsof the court. I think that is wrong,
and I will not vote for the bill with that construc-
tion. I am willing that, to a certain limited extent,
money shall be paid out of the Treasury on the
judgment of the court, without coming to Con-
gress; but in claims for large amounts, or cases
involving a class of claims, Congress ought to
exercise supervisory power over the appropria-
tion. The operation of my amendment is differ-
ent from that proposed by the Senator from New
Hampshire, which was voted down the other day.
His amendment was, that the Secretary of tho
Treasury should estimate for the amount ofjudg-
ment sat the commencement of the Congress, speci-
fyingeach particular judgment, and then that there
should be a specific appropriation to pay each
judgment. 1 was opposed to that; but the opera-
tion of my amendment will be this: the Secretary
will tell us the aggregate amount of judgments,
and then an appropriation will be passed to pay
the whole amount, unless Congress shall exempt
or take out from the whole amount any particu-
lar case, which it is competent for Congress to
do. Thus we of course relieve Congress from
the danger of passing upon an appropriation in a
case which, in the judgment of Congress, ought
11 (ft to be paid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the Judi-
ciary Committee has been a very unfortunate one.
It reported a bill which was originally offered here
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, and m
which he proposed the most unlimited power
over the Treasury by tho Court of Claims.
Air. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him just there for a moment? It is
true that the bill was offered by me. It was not
drawn up by me, however. It was drawn up by
another gentleman, and handed to me to be pre-
sented. It did not meet my judgment, and I in-
tended to offer an amendment, to the very effect of
the one which I now offer, to keep a revisory
power over the adjudications of the Court of
Claims beyond the limit of $3,000. The gentle-
man who presented the bill to me begged me not
to alter it in any way, but let it go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary just as it was drawn. That
bill does not commit to the principle the gentle-
man is stating
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going to observe that
the committee has been very unfortunate. The
bill, as presented to it, gave unlimited control over
the Treasury, during the recess of Congress at
all events, to the Court of Claims, so far As that
control might be necessary to satisfy claims against
the Government. We had all been aware here,
for some years, that the Court of Claims, as es-
tablished by the act which originated it, had, in
point of fact, been of very little use in relieving
Congress from a class of legislation which from
year to year became more onerous, and which,
as the great interests of this vastRepubhc increase,
must become absolutely impossible. We cannot
—it is idle to attempt it—investigate every private
claim against this Government, in Congress. It
cannot be done. It may very well have been done
in the infancy of the Republic. It may have been
done at a time when there was but a small popula-
tionandbutfewStates; butnow,withapopulation ,
such as we have, with the increase not only of the
population, but of tho wealth and business of the
country, he who undertakes to get Congress to
investigate every private claim against this Gov-
ernment as it ought to be investigated undertakes
that which is physically impossible.
An attempt was made to get rid of that difficulty;
and what was it? That we should organize a court
of judges; we should establish it here in Wash-
ington; we should appoint a solicitor for the Gov-
ernment to defend the interests of the public; and
many were of opinion, when the court was organ*
ized, that wc should then determine that, upon
the establishment of a claim against the Govern*
ment upon any basis, either of law or equity, that
claim ought to be settled and paid at once; just
as an individual is made to pay, when, by the
tribunals of his country, it is found that he owes
a debt. But, sir, it was an experiment—it was
something as yet untried—and Congress finally
determined that it would not give to the decisions
of this court that conclusive effect which was
claimed by some who were in favor of its estab-
lislnncntfPbut would treat it at first in the light
of what tho Senator from Iowa calls an exam-
ining court. It has been tried. It has been so
tried now for a scries of years; and what is the
result? The result is, that the Calendars of the
two branches are covered with claims, in which
the unfortunate litigants, from all parts of the
United States, have been brought here to the seat
of the Federal Government; in which they have
been put to the expense of employing counsel to
make good their eases; in which their cases have
been argued against the Government counsel, and
in which the judges appointed by the Govern-
ment have declared their claims to be just; and
now there is upon your Calender a list, I think,
of some eighty or a hundred cases, in which judg-
ments, ranging from one to four, five, six, or
eight hundred dollars, are hung up, and have
been hung up, for more than one Congress, and
will be hung up for Congresses to come, simply
for want of time and opportunity in Congress,
which is occupied with other and graver matters,
to attend to this small litigation.
Now, sir, the proposition at the outset of this
session was this: We have tried this Court of
Claims;we know the judges; we have heard their
decisions; they are able men; they are conscien-
tious men; shall we not now, having made the
experiment thus far, go a .little further, and do
this: relieve Congress entirely from any class of
claims which appeals not to bounty, not to liber-
ality, not to favorable consideration; but whieli
appeals to the justice of the Government for the
payment of what is due under the law ? That was
the bill that the honorable Senator from Georgia
took the paternity of; and I think that he took
the paternity of no dishonorable or unworthy off-
spring. It was a very good bill. The proposi-
tion, then, in the bill was, that Congress should
refrain from revising the judgments of this Court
of Claims, because it was unable so to do; it had
neither the time, the opportunity, nor the ma-
terials for the revisal. These claims come up
here, and which of us has (^xamined them; They
pass through the Committee on Claims, if you
please; but the chairman of that committee has
told you that he considers it the duty of the
committee, under the law, simply to report the
bills here to be passed. Who knows what they
are? Who examines them? Who discusses
them ? Do not we at last take them all on trust?
Now the proposition is, let that trust be carried
thus far: when the Court of Claims has made a
final determination on cases which depend on law
and equity—not upon favor, not upon bounty—
let it send its judgments to the Treasury for pay-
ment, if the amount of the judgment does not ex-
ceed $3,000. As the bill was sent to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, it provided for the pay-
ment of those judgments out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. We dis-
cussed that matter in committee; we said, it will
not do to allow this—not because it is not consti-
tutional according to the idea of the Senator from
Mississippi not because we have no power to or-
der judgments to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated—for Heaven
knows, if we have not got that power, there is
scarcely an appropriation bill that ever passes the
Senate that is passed in accordance with the form
of the Constitution—but because wc would not be
