1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has moved his amendment, and I think that it is
only a courtesy that ought to be extended to the
minority of the committee that opportunity should
be extended to him to get his motion before the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want it distinctly under-
stood that I object to all bargains for farming out
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot yield the floor, if objection be
made, unless he yields it unconditionally.
Mr. GROW. Very well, then. I submit the
following amendment to the bill, which was moved
yesterday by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Kellogg:]
Add to the bill:
Sec. 18. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever the
actual resident inhabitants of said Territory shall amount
to twenty thousand, the Territorial Legislature shall, and
it is hereby made the duty of such Legislature to, provide by
law for the election of all territorial officers hereinbefore
by this act provided to be appointed by the President, all
of whom shall be commissioned by the Governor of the
Territory, except the Governor; and the Governor so elected
shall be commissioned by the President; and the terms ol
office and the salary of such officers shall be established
and fixed by the Legislature of such Territory.
Sec. 19. .Und be it further enacted, That such Terri-
torial Legislature shall provide by law for the mannerta
which such officers shall be qualified before entering upon
the duties of tlieir respective offices; and that when sucll
officeis shall be duly qualified, they shall enter upon the
discharge of the duties of their offices respectively, and the
term of the then incumbents of said offices shall thereupon
cease and expire.
In order that'we may proceed to the regular
business of the organized Territories, I move that
the bill and amendments be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and on that I demand the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill and
amendments be laid upon the table; and on that
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw my motion to refer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not withdraw my mo-
tion to lay upon the table; but I do withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW. I renew the demand for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Allen, Thomas
L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Ashmoie, Avery,
Barksdale, Barrett, Bonham, Bcyce,-Biabson, Branch, Bris-
tow, Bureli, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Cox, Button Craige .Crawford, John G. Davis,
DeJamctte, Etheridge, Ferry, Floience, Garnett, Gartrell,
Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Ilaskm, Hatton,
Hawkins, Hill, Hickman, Ilolman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, Kilgoie, Kunkel, Lamar,
Land ruin, Larrabec, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love,
Charl es D. Martin, McQueen, Miles, Millson, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Sydcnham'Moore, IsaacN. Moms, Nel-
son, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor,
Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds, Iliggs, James C. Robin-
son, Rust, Schwartz, fcSimms, Singleton, William Smith,
William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taylor,
Thayer, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandighain, Vance,
Whiteley, Winslow, and Wright—'Ml.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrlch, Alley, Bab-
bitt, liealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bulhnton,
Buinham, Butteitield, Campbell, Carey, Case, Clark B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton,' Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Foster,
Frank, French, Grow, Helmick, Humphrey, Hutchms,
Irvine, Junltin, Franeis W. Kellogg, William KLellocg,
Kenyon, Kiigore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lovejoy, Mars-
toil, MeKean, Moorlicad, Morrill, Morse, Olin, Palmer,
Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Christopher Robinson, ltoyce, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Spinner. Tappan, Tompkins, Train, Van-
devcr, Verrec, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Ellihu IS. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Windom, and Woodruff—73.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. McPHERSON said: Mr. Speaker,on the
last vote I announced that Mr. Wilson was
paired with Mr. Stallworth for this day. Since
that, I have learned that one of Mr. Wilson's col-
leagues has paired him with Mr. English. I
agreed to find a pair for this day for Mr. Stall-
worth, who is detained from the House, and I
assume the pair.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that he was paired
until Tuesday next with Mr. Wood; and that, if
he were at liberty to vote, he would have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. POTTLE stated that he was paired with
Mr. English, but that his pair had been trans-
ferred to Mr. Wilson, by the consent of Mr.
English's colleagues.
Mr. Q.UARLES said: Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say, before voting) that I was absent yesterday
in Baltimore, attending the convention then sit-
ting in that city, as a delegate from the State
which I have the honor in part to represent upon
this floor—it being the only day on which I have
been absent from the sessions of this House since
its meeting, except when called home by sickness
in my family—and although paired, I would have
desired to cast my vote against the Jbill making
null and void all laws in the Territory of New
Mexico allowing slavery in said Territory, and
should have voted against the bill; but it was re-
Forted from the committee in the morning, after
had left, and put upon its passage immediately,
and I had not, nor could I have, any notice that it
would be reported and acted on during my one
day's absence.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he was paired with Mr. Harris, of Maryland, but
that if he was not paired, he would have voted in
the negative.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that he was paired with
Mr. Hale.
Mr. PARNSWORTH stated that, for ten days,
he was paired on all political questions with Mr.
Woodson.
The vote was then announced, as abovo re-
corded.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY Of ARIZONA.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill to organize the Territory of
Arizona; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GROW. I move to add to this bill the
amendment offered yesterday by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] which I moved to
the bill last under consideration. I am willing
that the gentleman from Missouri, and other gen-
tlemen who have amendments, may submit them.
I am willing that they shall all come in, in order
that the House may take, a vote on them.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 object to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yielding the floor for gentle-
men to submit amendments, unless ho yields the
floor unconditionally.
Mr. ADRAIN. Will the gentleman allow the
House to have a vote on my amendment?
Mr. GROW. I will not object.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have a word to say on
this bill. I have already described the position
of the Territory of Arizona. It is upon the line
of the central overland route.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope the gentle-
man will yield me the floor, in order that I may
submit my amendment to strike out the proviso
prohibiting slavery from this Territory.
Mr. THAYER. I object to all amendments,
unless gentlemen have the floor to move them.
Mr. GROW. I will make a few remarks, and
then I will yield the floor unconditionally to the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman cannot do
that. If he yields the floor unconditionally, it is
then for the Speaker to recognize who has the
floor.
Mr. GROW. I deem it proper courtesy to yield
to the gentleman from Missouri, who represents
the minority of the Committee on Territories, to
move his amendment. I will yield uncondition-
ally to him, provided he will make a motion to
recommit.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I cannot pledge
myself to submit that motion.
Mr. GROW. I yield the floor unconditionally.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF DAKOTA.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Dakota; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. GROW. I am now willing to offer the
amendment desired by the minority of the com
-f
mittee, and also the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia; but I do not see that ^gentleman
now in his seat. )
There is a proviso to the sixth'section of the
bill which the minority of the committee desire to
have struck out; but as the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Clark] is unable to get .the floor, I
will make the motion myself, in order that we
may have a separate vote upon it.' If the gentle-
man from Georgia wants his proposition offered,
I will offer it.
Mr. GARTRELL. I certainly desire to have
my proposition offered and voted upon, and when
it is in order I intend to offer it as a substitute for
this bill.
Mr. GROW. That can be done now.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are two amendments
pending now.
The amendment of Mr. Clark, of Missouri, as
offered by Mr. Grow, is as follows:
Strike out the following proviso:
" Provided, That whereas slavery has no legal existence
in said Territory, nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to authorize or permit its existence therein."
And insert the following:
Provided, That the Legislature of said Territory shall
not, by any legislation whatever, establish or prohibit sla-
very in said Territory, or annul or impair tlie rights of
slave or other property therein, recognized as guch hy the
Constitution of the United States.
The amendment of Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois,
as offered by Mr. Grow, is as follows:
Add the following as additional sections:
Sec. 18. J3nd be it further enacted, That whenever the
actual resident inhabitants of said Territory shall amount
to twenty thousand, the Territorial Legislatuie shall, and
it is hereby made the duty of such Legislature to, provide
hy law for the election of all territorial officers hereinbefore
by this act provided to be appointed by the President, all
of whom shall be commissioned by the Governor of the
Teiritory, except the Governor; and the Governor so elected
shall be "commissioned by the President; and the teims of
ofhoe and the salary of fcueh officers shall be established
and fixed by the Legislature of such Territory.
Sec. 19. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tliatsuch Territorial
Legislature shall provide by law for the manner in which
sucli officers shall hequaltfied before entertnc;upon the du-
ties of their respective offices; and that when such officeis
shall be duly qualified, they shall enter upon the discharge
of the duties of their offices respectively, and the term of
the then incumbents of said offices shall thereupon ccase
and expire. ,
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Georgia
do not wish to offer his amendment now, it is not
my business; I have discharged all the obliga-
tions of courtesy to gentlemen; and that is all I
have to do.
Mr. THAYER. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. GROW. Not so fast. The gentleman
from Massachusetts is so used to carry his en-
gines into these new countries that he is all for
locomotion.
Mr. THAYER. I want to save the public time.
Mr. GROW. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 believe
the bill stands thus. The majority of the Com-
mittee on Territories reported a bill to which I
propose the amendment suggested by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] as addi^onal
sections. I have also offered the amendment sug-
gested by the minority of the committee; so that
separate votes may be had upon them. I hava
also intimated my willingness to offer the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gar-
trell,] as a substitute for the bill. I shall now
move to recommit the bill, and there I leave it.
Mr. THAYER. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to havo
the bill read.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except by
general consent.
Mr. THAYER. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Docs tho
Speaker decide that a bill on which the House is
called upon to act, shall not be read ?
The SPEAKER. It has been read. Tho first
and second reading of the bill is past.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the bill
been read in extenso by tho Clerk?
Mr. ADRAIN. I objectto debate. The Speaker
has decided the question.
The SPEAKER. A bill may bo read in full
at its first and second reading; but after a bill has
been read afirst and second time, it'cannot be.'read
in full, if objection be made. If it was not read at
the first -or second reading, it was because its
reading was not asked foft That is the rule.
