1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
teaches stern purity, unyielding honesty, and a
high appreciation of right:
- "Is there not some chosen curse,
Some hidden thunder m the stores of heaven,
Red with uncommon wrath, to blast the wretch
Who owes his greatness to his country's ruin ?"
I feel, in the sincerity of my heart, like invok-
ing the most withering anathemas upon the man
who would lay his sacrilegious hand upon this
glorious Union of these States; who would take
our pledge of faith; who would take the block of
marble deposited by Tennessee, which has in-
scribed upon its surface the sentiment of her illus-
trious son who now sleeps in his grave—"The
Federal Union-, it must be preserved." Who will
carry away that monument built by the contribu-
tions of the people? I imagine that about the
time when that takes place, that old man to whom
I have referred, that patriot soldier who sleeps in
his honored grave, will rise, shake off the habili-
ments of the tomb, and forbid the act.
But, Mr. President, I resume the line of my
argument. I commenced with the purpose of
showing that the recent foray upon Harper's
Ferry was the legitimate result of certain teach-
ings to which I have referred. Look at the pro-
visional government which was framed by those
who earned on that expedition; look at their idea
of getting up stampedes, ond their expectation
that when they struck the first blow a portion of
the white population and,the blacks would flock
to their standard, and that they could maintain
themselves there for a certain time, and then the
Federal Government would be made an instru-
ment for the overthrow of slavery. I think the
act is a legitimate result of the teachings; and those
who have taught and still teach their followers
these doctrines, though they may not have in-
tended it, are, m fact, responsible for it. It is the
result of their teachings, it is their work; and now
is the time to commence a reformation, and put
forth different teachings on this subject.
But, Mr. President, Senators have undertaken
to rebuke those of us who have spoken of John
Brown's acts as theft, murder, and treason, and
apologies are offered for the man who has com-
mitted such outrageous offenses. I picked up a
newspaper not lon^- since which, referring to the
acts of John Brown, said that, if ho passed from
the prison to the scaffold, making no fblsv step,
hisgallow.s wouldbemore glorious than the cross;
that Christ, in the depth of his agony, had asked
that his cup might pass from his lips, but that
John Brown has drank it to the dregs, and there-
fore John Brown and his gallows have become
superior to Christ and his cross. The idea was,
that the coming and mission of Christ we're a fail-
ure, and that John Brown and the gallows on
which he was executed would be their modern
cross and their Christ. Such is the blasphemy of
these teachings. I once heard it said that fanati-
cism always ends in hell or in heaven. I believe
it is true. It is one of those wild, maddening pas-
sions that take possession of the human heart,
and that always carry it to excess. There is no
medium, and there is no cure for it but a consump-
tion of the passion itself. I have got another idea
in ethics, and that is that there never was any
people ou the face of the earth greater than the
god they worshiped; and if John Brown becomes
the Christ, and his gallows the cross, God deliver
me from such people as they, whether they are
fanatics, Democratic or Republican, or any other
description of persons—I care not by what name
they are called.
I hoped, when this resolution was introduced,
that it would be kept clear from party associations,
and that it would pass with unanimity, without
any apologies or excuses being lugged in for the
acts complained of. We find, however, that Sen-
ators disclaim the acts of John Brown in one
breath, and in another they hold out apologies
and excuses for the man, saying that he showed
himself a man of endurance, a man of philosophy,
a man of tact, a man of sense; and when we speak
of him as a thief and a robber and a murderer and a
traitor, they declare that we should not say such
things about John Brown. Those may make him
a god who will, and worship him who can; he
is not my god, and I shall not worship at his
shrine.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle]—and I confess that I am surprised
at him—after condemning the abstract offenses of
murder and treason in old John Brown, went on
to state:
" Under what circumstances do you hear of him ? Ono
of his sons is taken by Captain Pate, bound with thongs,
driven in front of lioises on loot, without food or water,
until from famishing he becomes a maniac; and lie has
never recovered from Ins insanity to this> day. In pre&ence of
the house of old John Brown, another son of his, a but half-
witted boy, is shot down. Then it is that we begin to hear
of old John Brown as a leader of a band of fiee-Statemen in
Kansas. Then it was that the iron entered into the old
man's soul; and from that hour up to the moment of his
death he swore eternal hostility, and from that hour was
ready not only-to give his own life, but to take the lives of
other men, in order to give liberty to those who were en-
slaved."
Now, what is that calculated to do ? I will not
assume what it was intended to do I presume
that the Senator's motive was entirely correct; but
what effect is such language calculated to have?
It is to heighten the idea of this old felon to every
fanatic who may read it. Then it was, after these
atrocities in his presence, that the iron entered the
old man's soul! This is tendered as an excuse
for John Brown having committed murder, trea-
son, and robbery. The iron entered his soul!
Then he became a stoic; then he became philo-
sophic; then he became a patriot; then he became
careless of consequences! Well, now suppose
that these things had taken place in the manner
the Senator seems to infer that they did occur.
We assume this to be a Christian community,
and if it was true that his sons were badly mal-
treated, was that any excuse for his violating all
the ldv/s of humanity and of God? He was in a
Christian country; he had his remedy without re-
sorting to the means to which he had recourse.
We have all read that " Whoso sheddeth man's
blood, by man shall his blood be shed." And
also, "Thou shalt not kill.*' It seems we have
some new-born Christians who are making John
Brown their loader, who are trying to canonize
him and make him a great apostle and martyr.
Were these the elements of a Christian and a
Christian martyr? How do the facts stand in
this case? When was old man Brown's son
killed, and when did ho commit these atrocities?
Even admitting the truth of the statement of the
Senator from Wisconsin, they are not justifiable;
but when-wc show that the facts are different,
they are less so. The circumstances arc stated 111
the evidence of Mr. Harris, which will be found
in a report made by a committee of Congress, and
republished in the "Herald of Freedom of Kansas—
a paper that has at its head for President, the name
of a Republican, Mr. Chase, of Ohio, and Mr.
Banks, of Massachusetts, for Vice President:
"The circumstance?* attending William Sherman'^ as-
sassination are tc.-tiiied to by James Harris, of Franklin
county, Ka'isa . Mr. {Sherman was staying over night at
the house o: U.irris, when, on the 24th of May, at about two
o'clock, Captain John Brown and party came there, and
alter taking romc pioperty, and questioning Harris and
other?. Sherman was asked to walk out. Mr. Harris, in h:s
affidavit, sajs : £ Old man Biown asked Mi. Sherman to go
out with him, and Sherman then went out with Brown. X
heard nothing more for about fifteen minutes. Two of the
"northern mmy," as they styled themselves, stayed with
us until they heard a cap burst, and then these two men
left. Ne\i morning, about ten o'clock, J found William
Shcimun dead,m the creck neai my house. I was* looking
tor lam ; as ho lnid no* come back, F thought he had been
murdered 1 took Mr William Sherman (body) out of the
cieek and examined it. Mis. Whitcman was with me.
Sheiman's skull was split open m two places, and some of
his brains weic washed out by the water ; a large hole was
ent in his breast, and his lett hand was cut off, except a
little piece of skm on one side.'
This was the 24th of May. I will read from
tlie same paper another extract:
" When the news ©f the threatened siege of Lawrence
reached John Brown, jr., who was a member of the Topeka
Legislature, he organized a company of about sixty men
and maiehed towards Lawience. Arriving at Palmjra, he
learned of the sacking of the town, and the position of the
people. He leconnoitcred for a time in the vicinity, but
finally marched hack towards Ossawatorme. The night
before reaching that place, when only a few miles away,
they camped for the night. Old John Biown, who, we be-
lieve, was with the party, singled out with himself, seven
men. These he matched to a point eight miles above the
mouth of Pottawatomie creek, and called from their beds,
at their several residences, at the hour of midnight, on the
24th of Mav, Allen Wilkinson, William Sherman, William
P. Doyle, William Doyle, and Prurj Doyle. All were found
the next morning, by the road side, or iu the highway, some
with a gash m their heads and sides, and their throats cut;
others with their skulls split open in two places, with holes
in their bieasts, and hands cut off.-'
He seems to have had a great, passion for cut-
ting- off hands:
" No man m Kansas has pretended to deny that old John
Brown led that murdcious ioiay which massacred those
men. Up to that period not a hair of old Johii Brown's
head, or that of lus sons, had been injured by the pro-
slavery party.
" It was not until the 30th of August, three months after
the Pottawatomie massacre, that the attack was made on
Ossawatomie by the pro-slavery forces, and Frederick
Brown, a son of old John, was killed."
To show all tho facts in regard to the massacre
of the 24th of May, I will read to the Senate the
affidavits of some of the eye-witnfcsses of the
transaction. Allen Wilkinson was a member of
tho Kansas Legislature—a quiet, inoffensive man.
His widow, Louisa Jane Wilkinson, testified that
on the night of the 24th of May, 1856, between
the hours of midnight and daybreak, she thinks,
a party of men came to the house where they were
residing and forcibly carried her husband away?
that they took him m the name of the "northern
army," and that next morning ho was found
about one hundred and fifty yards from the house,
dead. Mrs. Wilkinson was very ill at the time
of measles. She says further:
u I begged them to let Mi\ Wilkinson stay with me, say-
ing that I was sick and helpless, and could not stay by my-
self, My husband al&o asked them to let him stay with me,
until he could get some one to wait on rnc; told them that
he would not run off, but he would be there the next day,
or whenever called foi; the old man who seemed to he in
command looked at me, and then around at the children,
and replied,e you have neighbors.' I sajd,{so t have, but
they arc not here, and I cannot go for them.' The old man
replied, ' it matters not,' and told hiin to get ready. My
husband wanted to put on his boots, and get leady, so as
to be protected from the damp and night air, but they would
not let him. They then took my husband away." * *
" After they were gone X thought J heard my husband's
voice in complaint." * * * « Next morning Mr,
Wilkinson's body was found about one hundred and fifty
yards from the house, in some dead brush. A lady who saw
my husband's body said that there was a gash in his head
and side. Others said he was cut in the throat twice."
Mr. Doyle and his sons were murdered on the
same night with Sherman and Wilkinson; and
Mrs. Doyle's deposition gives this account of it:
" The undersigned, Mahala Doyle, states on oath : I am
the widow of the late Janice P. liojie. We moved into the
Territory—that is, my husband, myself, and children—
moved into the Territory of Kansas some time in Novem-
ber, A. D. 1SG5, and settled upon Musketo creek, about one
mile fioin its mouth, and where it empties into Pottawat-
omie creek, m Franklin county. On Saturday, the 24th of
May, A. D. 1855, about eleven o'clock at night, after we
had all retired, my husband, James P. Doyle, myself, and
six child) cn, five'boya and one giil—the eldest is about
twenty-two >ears of age ; his name is William. The next
is about twenty years of age ; his name is Drury. The next
is about seventeen yeaib of age ; his name is John. The
next is about thirteen jemsot age; her name is Polly Ann.
The next is about eight years of age ; his name is James.
The next is about five years of age ; his name is Henry.
We were all in bed, when we heard some perrons come
into the yard, and rap at the door, and call for Mr. Doyle,
my husband. This was about eleven o'clock on Saturday
night, of the 24th ofMay last. My husband got up and went
to the door. Those outside inquired for Mr. Wilkinson,
and where ho lived. My husband said he would tell them.
Mr. Doyle, my husband, and several came into the house,
and said they were from the army. My husband was a pro-
slavery man. They told my husband that he and the boys
must surrender; they were then prisoners. The men were
armed with pistols and large knives. They first took my
husband out of the house ; then took two of my *ons—Wil-
liam and Drury—out, and then took my husband and these
two boys (William and Drury) away. My son John was
spared, beeausc 1 asked them, in tears, to sparo him.
" In a short time afterwards I heard the i eport of pistols;
I heaid two reports. After which I heard moaning as if a
person was dying. Then I heaid a wild whoop. They had
a^kod before they went away for our hoixe«s. We told them
that our hordes were out on the pranie. My husband and
two boys, my sons, did not come back any more. I went
out next morning in search of them, and found my husband
and William, my son, lying dead in the road, neai together,
about two hundred yards from the house. They were
buried the next day. "On the day of the burjing, I saw the
dead body of Drury. Fear for myself and tho remaining
children, induced me to leave the home where we had been
living. We had impioved our claim a little. I left and
went to the State of Missouri.
her
« MAHALA X DOYLE,
mark.
"Witness: T.J Gofortii."
State of Missouri, Jackson county, ss.
On the 17th day of June, A. D. 18f>6, personally appeared
before me, the subscriber, a justice of the peace in and for
the county and State aforesaid, Mahala Doj le, whose name
appears to the above and foregoing statement, and makes
oath according to law, that the above and foregoing state-
ment is true as therein set forth.
Given under my hand and seal the dav and year above
r „ -i wutten. THOMAS J. GOFORTH,
[SEAL.j Justice of the Peace.
John Doyle confirms the testimony of his
mother generally, and I will only give a short
portion of his testimony:
"I found my father and brother William lying dead
about two hundred yards from the house. X saw my
brother lying dead on the ground, about one hundred and
fifty jards from the house, in the grass near a ravine. His
fingers were cut off, and his arms cut off. His head was
