2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. GOOCH. I take an appeal. That bill
has never been read to the House.
Mr. ADRAIN. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. GOOCH. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
Die yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COCKLING. I ask to have the 57th rule
read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" When the reading of a paperis called for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the House.5!
Mr. CONKLING. I do not desire to debate
the quesion; but if the Clerk will read from Bar-
clay's Manual what follows, it will shed light on
this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair respectfully asks
the House that the bill may be read. It will save
time, and the Chair will be glad to have it read.
The Chair does not yield his opinion as to the
rule; but it ia the shorter way to have the bill
read.
Mr. GOOCH. Then I withdraw my.appeal.
Mr. ADRAIN. And I withdraw my motion
to lay the appeal on the tabic.
The Clerk proceeded to read the-bill, in extenso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing.) I desired to have the bill read so that it
might uppear in the Globe, with the amendment
of my colleague. I am now willing that the read-
ing shali be discontinued.
The question was taken on Mr. Thayer's mo-
tion; and the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF CHIPPEWA.
Mr. GROW. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Territories to report a bill to organize the
Territory of Chippewa. I offer the same amend-
ment to it as 1 offered to the other bills. These
are all the bills to organize Territories that I have
to report. I move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr. THAYER. I move to lay the bill on the
table
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. CURTIS. The disposition made of the
western Territories may be very interesting to
some of my friends on both sides of this Hall,
and especially to the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Thater.] But
I must say that it is very unfortunate for the
people of the West.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order. There is
nothing to prevent it.
Mr. CURTIS. I have the floor, I believe,Mr.
Speaker.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is the bill before the
Houec now for action?
Mr. THAYER. I had moved to lay the bill
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had not the floor to make that motion.
Mr. CURTIS. I have a word to say on this
subject, and intend to hold the floor for that pur-
pose. I do not understand the rule by which the
entire business of the House has, for the last
hour, been playing shuttle-cock between the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thater.]
fhe people of the West desire the sanction of
law, and the proper protection of their persons
and property, while you, without a moment's
consideration, lay these bills on the table.
Mr. COX. I ask why it is that you do not re-
move this obnoxious proviso from these bills,
and thus organize these Territories?
Mr. CURTIS. Thegentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] would have had an opportunity, if these
bills had come up for consideration, to offer
amendments, and get fair votes upon them, and
every other portion of the bill; and if any portion
were objectionable, it could and would have been
amended.
Mr. ADRAIN. And why not strike the pop-
alar sovereignty clause from the bills ?
Mr. CURTIS. It is my desire that everything
of that kind shall be fairly considered and fairly
determined; but by your persistent efforts, you
prevent the possibility of any consideration of the
measures submitted by the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say that, so
far as I am concerned personally, I should be will-
ing to organize the Territory of Arizona with a
fair bill; but I do not believe there is any neces-
sity for organizing so many Territories. Perhaps
there may be a necessity, however, for organiz-
ing a territorial government for Arizona.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say also, that I be-
lieve there is a great misunderstanding as to the
necessities of some of these organizations. There
is certainly much less necessity for the one re-
ferred to than for many of these other Territo-
ries. I say this in good faith. I do not myself
believe that gentlemen understand that there are
more than a thousand persons daily crossing the
Missouri for the purpose of making their homes
in the Rocky Mountains. Shall they go there
without any laws to protect them? Shall they
have no benefit of civil government; and stand
day and night in fearful apprehension of the rob-
ber and the assassin ?
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allowme
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CURTIS. Is it not the duty of Congress
to provide for securing the peace of society there
and everywhere ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is entirely in order in discussing the merits of the
bill.
Mr. CURTIS. Is it not the duty of Congress
to provide for the safety of the hearths and homes
of these people ? Many have lived there for the
last two or three winters and summers, struggling
for the purpose of developing the rude, unculti-
vated wilderness, and to carve out mountain
homes in the groves and golden gorges of the Sierra
Madi-e. They have been there without law; with-
out your protection; without an army, and with-
out aid; and they are compelled to sit, night and
day, without compensation, or a kind look from
the country to which they hold allegiance, to
guard their property and persons, their wives and
little ones, from the dangers that surround them.
And now that there is an opportunity offered you,
as national legislators, to protect and preserve
them, by organizing Territories and giving legal
sanction to their organization, you spurn the bills
presented, and consign them instantly to the obliv-
ion of the Speaker's table. You thereby give
sanction, encouragement, and perpetuity to law-
less licentiousness and anarchy. For years past
our Territories have been a scene of anarchy,
bloodshed, and cruelty, mainly for the want of
wholesome laws, and national sanction and cer-
tainty of their execution.
Mr. CR.AlG,of Missouri. Will the gentleman
from Iowa allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CURTIS. I will hear my neighbor and
friend from Missouri.
Mr. COLFAX. I object to interruptions
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I only desire to say
that I would vote for all these Bills, if my con-
stituents were allowed to take their negroes with
them into these Territories.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Missouri
says that lie is perfectly willing to vote for all
these bills, provided there may be an opportunity
for his constituents to take their negroes with
them.
Mr. COBB. Or any property.
Mr. CURTIS. Now, I hope that the gentle-
man from Missouri will not interrupt thp progress
of the West—will not interrupt the settlement of
the country dircctiy west of Ins home, a country
which now has from ten to fifteen thousand in-
habitants in it—merely for the consideration of
protecting negroes. It is for the white men who
aie there that 1 want protection. Iam sorry that
the negro question has been in arty way, cither
directly or indirectly, introduced into these bills.
But since it is there, let it comc up for a fair hear-
ing, and let rt vote be taken on it. That is the
way to consider and determine these matters. Let
us modify, if the bills do not suit you; but do not
leave your friends hopeless and homeless in the
new guld region, merely because negroes may not
have rights among them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a subject of mo-
mentous importance to the entire West. We look
to these infant settlements with a thousand affec-
tionate hopes and expectations. It is also a mat-
ter of vast importance to more than fifty thousand
people who are there, or now on their way to
these.regions, all confidently looking to this Gov-
ernment for protection.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri^ This is a bill to
organize the Territory of Chippewa, where there
are no people. '
Mr. CURTIS. My speech applies not only to
the organization of the Territory of Chippewa,
but to the general subject of the protection due to
our infant Territories, and'to the peace of the
whole country.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. There never were
a hundred men in Chippewa.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe that it is the wish of my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, that this bill shall go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I do not wish
to see all these bills defeated by laying them upon
the table. I hope that gentlemen will allow this
bill to go to the Committee of the Whole_ on the
state of the Union, where it can have a fair hear-
ing, and where we can amend it so as to secure
the organization of other Territories. We may
hereafter reach it when the House is in a better
condition; when the strife and animosity, which
now seem to prevail, shall have passed away,
and when we can have a fair oppprtunity of con-
sidering and amending it, and thus doing some-
thing for the people who sent their petitions and
look with painful anxiety for our sympathy. I
warn you, gentlemen, that when you vote against
the Territories, you vote against infant States and
governments that will one day stand as bold de-
fiant witnesses against you. You may one day
be candidates for the Presidency. [Laughter.] I
call upon the people of the Territories to mark well
the men who vote against their destiny. I speak
to posterity; to the future States and future em-
pires; and I wish them to mark well the votes of
members to-day to lay these bill?, organizing the
Territories, upon the table, for the purpose of sti-
fling and strangling them m their infancy.
Mr. Speaker, some gentlemen ask me to move
to lay the bill upon the table, and others to move
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. My inclination is, to let the
bill be discussed; and, therefore, I will make no
motion, but give gentlemen an opportunity to
discuss and, if possible, arrest this fatal assault
on the hopes and happiness of those who will
look upon your action with sadness and sorrow.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry to see
the bills which the committee had provided for
the organization of all the Territories of this coun-
try slaughtered in the way they have been this
morning under the lead of my colleague, [Mr.
Thayer,] followed by the Democratic side of the
House. The question which we are deciding is
this: shall we give to the people of the Territories
such organic acts as will authorize the formation
of governments whose laws can be recognized by
the courts of the United States and by Congress,
or shall we leav^them to protect themselves by
squatter sovereignty?
Mr. CURTIS. Anarchy.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 am surprised at the course of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. That-
er,] who has taken the lead in defeating the bills
for the organization ©f the Territories. I am also
surprised at some of the gentlemen upon the other
side, who have followed him. I was of the im-
pression, sir, that there was an element on the
other side of the House, as well as on this, which
hardly favored popular sovereignty; but if we
may judge from the votes which we have had this
morning from that side of the House, I appre-
hend that we may expect that in the future the
whole of that party propose to recognize the
squatter sovereignty doctrine. There arebuttwo
ways of treating the Territories, as it seems to
me. One is to give to them territorial organiza-
tions; and the other is to say to them that we con-
cede to them all that ever was claimed by the most
earnest advocates of popular sovereignty, and that
they may take care of themselves.
Now, I apprehend that those, of us who agree
that it is the duty of Congress to provide territo-
rial governments for the Territories mast all con-
cur in the principle upon which the committee has
acted in reporting these bills; and if there was no
