1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
has been sufficiently long in existence, and that
its judgments have been reduced to- a standard
sufficiently determined, to enable us to make an
estimate which will meet, with any probability, the
expenses of the current year. In that view oi the
case, I fear to take the hazard. It may at some
future time assume a position so settled as to
justify us in estimating in advance. Now I
should think it impossible. "Whilst in that con-
dition of things, I prefer that we should adhere to
the existing method—judgments reported to the
Congress annually, for appropriations to bo made
in satisfaction of them. 1 have such confidence
in the court, founded upon its past course, that I
should generally rote an appropriation to satisfy
any judgment which it might render. How far
that confidence may continue, how soon it may
cease, is a question to be determined in the future.
1 therefore prefer to preserve in the hands of
Congress the power to judge of the cases as they
arise; to have appropriations for judgments which
have been rendered by the Court of Claims, and
not to take the hazard of appropriating upon an
estimate. It is true that the Treasury could not
pay more than a sum which had been appropri-
ated under an estimate; but it is also true, that if
large judgments should be rendered, and the ap-
propriation be swallowed by the first one or two
cftses presented, it would morally rest on us after-
wards to appropriate all that was due and not
paid, the appropriation having been exhausted. I
think we should reserve to ourselves discretionary
power to guard against that. I prefer to keep the
law as it stands.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that there
is not much at issue between those who are for,
and those who are against this amendment. If I
understand the bill proposed by the Committee
on the Judiciary, we are bound in any event to
appropriate to certain cases where the Court of
Claims and the.Supreme Court, on appeal, decide
against the United States; we are bound to appro-
jpriate whether the appropriation is made after or
before the decision. I do not understand that, if
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia should
prevail, we could escape the responsibility for any
judgment which might be rendered against us in
the Court of Claims. We should have to pay,
because the bill binds us to pay, unless we choose
to repudiate the obligations of the law. I do not
• see, therefore, that Congress h#s any more right
to supervise the decisions of the Court of Claims
in those cases in which the decisions are made
final by this bill if you make the appropriation
after, than if you made it before the decision.
Neither do I feel the force of the point, which
has been raised, that it is unconstitutional to ap-
propriate beforehand a certain sum of money, out
of which is to be paid those judgments for which
the Government is bound. We have permanent
appropriations, that stand permanently on the
statute-book until they are repealed. We have a
permanent appropriation for arms, of $200,000 a
year, if so much is spent The check is in this,
that we cannot go beyond a certain amount,
and we do not increase our right to supervise the
Court of Claims, or diminish it, provided we ac-
knowledge our responsibility, whether we appro-
priate after or before the decisions are made. I
believe there is now a law on the statute-book,
passed years ago, in regard to cases arising under
the custom laws—cases in regard to duties on
brandies—where large sums have been refunded,
and where a general appropriation is made to
refund, as the Treasury Department decides upon
the cases. I do not think the Constitution is
involved.
Neither do I attach the importance to this
amendment which has been attached by gentle-
men on either side; because, if the bill is passed,
in those cas^s which are specified in the bill, we
are bound to pay, whether we appropriate after
or beforehand. I presume we shall pay in either
event, and no matter whether the appropriation
be made in advance, or whether it be made after-
wards, if we find that the course of the decisions
is such as to endanger the just rights of the Gov-
ernment, we shall probably repeal the law. If,
on the other hand, we find that, working along
cautiously as we are now doing by experiments,
the decisions of the court are in the main right
and bettor than any we can render, we shall go
on and preserve the law and make appropriations,
from time to time, as the decisions may require us
to do. For myself, I am indifferent; I do notcare
whether the amendment passes or not. I shall
vote for the bill. I believe it to be as valuable in
the one case as the other.
Mr. IVERSON. A word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Virginia, as to the operation of this bill
and the judgments of the court rendered under it.
He says we are bound to pay every judgment of
the court, and the bills bind us to pay. I differ
with the Senator. I think Congress is not bound
to pay the judgments, unless, m the opinion of
Congress, they are right and ought to be paid.
What is the condition of the present law? Are
the judgments of the Court of Claims necessarily
paid by Congress? No, sir; and yet we have in-
stituted the Court of Claims; we have referred
claims to them; and their decisions come here to
be adjudicated on by Congress. Congress is not
bound to pay them. Congress has frequently re-
fused to pay them. Congress has paid very few
ofthem, although they are for a very large amount,
some eight hundred thousand or a million dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. I acknowledge, under the ex-
isting law, we are not bound to pay them; but this
is a bill making the decision against us final.
Mr. IVERSON. The provision of the bill is,
that if judgments have been renderedand affirmed
by the Supreme Court, they shall bo paid out of
any appropriation which Congress may make;
but that, of course, leaves' it discretionary with
Congress to make an appropriation or not. It is
not obligatory on us to make the appropriation.
Congress can refuse to make a general appropria-
tion to cover the whole amount, or Congress can
refuse to make even a partial appropriation. The
whole matter is referred, then, to the discretion of
Congress; and if the judgment of the court is in
our opinion wrong and one which ought not to
have been rendered, we can upset the judgment
and refuse to make an appropriation to meet it.
The truth is, we have sovereign power over the
subject. Tiie Senator from Virginia well knows
one Congress cannot bind another. If you pass
a law at this Congress to pay a sum, the 4iext
Congress is not bound by it; that Congress can
repeal the law and make a different one. I do not
think there is any obligation on Congress to pay
unless they think proper.
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to ask a question.
Suppose we make an appropriation of |200,000
to pay claims, and Congress afterwards concludes
that f100,000 of the decision ought to be paid, and
§100,000 ought not to be paid: who is to determ-
ine which shall be paid ?
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Mississippi
was not in when my amendment was proposed.
It meets that. The hill, as construed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware and the Senator from Louis-
iana, is, that the appropriations are to be made in
advance, and then the Secretary is to pay the
judgments as they are certified to him; but my
amendment is, that the judgments shall be paid
out of appropriations subsequently to be made;
and that leaves it in the hands of Congress to dis-
criminate, and to pay any or none.
Mr. BROWN. Still, I do not see who is to
determine which judgments are to be paid, unless
Congress supervises the whole, and makes an ap-
propriation with a special view to pay particular
claims, knowing what they are and who is to have
the money. If you appropriate a sum in Congress,
who is to determine who shall have the money ?
You sum up §200,000 of claims, and appropriate
that money. Who is to determine which is a good
claim and which is not, unless you roly on the
judgment of the court implicitly and absolutely r
Mr. IVERSON. I will answer the Senator.
At the beginning of the session, the Secretary of
the Treasury calls for an appropriation of$200,000
to payjudgments heretofore rendered, which have'
been presented to him. He adds them up and
asks Congress to appropriate an amount sufficient
to covcf-them all. If Congress appropriates the
amount, he pays them all; but if Congress, in
passing that appropriation, puts in a proviso say-
ing that the amount shall not be applied for the
payment of the judgment of A B, or C D, the
Secretary cannot pay that judgment, but will pay
the rest; and in that way Congress can always
restrain the payment of unjust appropriation.
Mr. BROWN. Still, after all, that requires
Congress to investigate these judgments, and say
which you will pay and which not; and I do not
see how anything will be gained by that.
Mr. HUNTER. The second section of the
proposed bill is:
That in all claims founded on Inr'nl or equitable obliga-
tion, and which might be enforced in courts of justice,
cither oflaw or equity, if the Government were suable, the
said court shaii have jurisdiction; and in such cases their
judgment shall be final, as hereinafter provided.
The mode in which they shall be paid is " here-
inafter provided;" but this section makes their
decisions final and conclusive. It is true, we might
repudiate the obligation, but we have undertaken
it. The Senator says one Congress cannot bind
another. Certainly one Congress can make a law
which pledges the faith of the Government, and
which we are bound to redeem; and, as I under-
stand the bill, it does pledge the faith of the Gov-
ernment to pay cases which may be thus decided.
If it be the purpose of the Senator from Georgia
to introduce amendments which are to destroy that
feature, then I see no objcct in the bill, no reason
forpassingit. I understand the objcct of this bill—
and to that extent I approve of it—to be, in cases
of this kind, to make the decision final with a right
in the Government, if it chooses, to appealin cases
of a certain amount. X am willing, after the ex-
Ferience we have had of that court, to try it. If
find it works badly, I shall be among those who
are for repealing it. If it works well, as I believe
it will, I then think it will be cause of congratula-
tion to the country that we have been enabled to
remove legislation of this sort from the halls of
Congress to the courts of justice.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a very few words
to say in reference to the question now before the
Senate. If the interpretation given to this hill by
the honorable Senator from Georgia be the cor-
rect one—and that is, that Congress are to retain
their right of revising individual cases, and reject-
ing them by rejecting the appropriation for the
case, (and that certainly must be the object of the
amendment)—then it is useless to pass the bill,
because you had better retain the present system.
If you mean to keep the patronage, in other words,
that you have hitherto exercised; if you think
that legislative bodies are so pure or so entirely
free from improper influences that they are unap-
proachable for the purpose of being influenced by
anything but the justice of the case, which ought
to be the only ground of decision where the claim
is made by the citizen against the State; if that be
so, then keep to your old system. But, if you
suppose that they are, as I think, the most unfit
body in the world to administer justice; thatihe
past history of this country has shown that pri-
vate claims depending on their justicc have had
no chance of being passed in Congress, but the
question has been personal influence, personal
sympathy, political influence, political bias, or
the influence of a miserable band of claim agents
collected around your Capitol for the purpose of
defeating or passing private bills, then pass this
bill.
Sir, allow me to state one case as illustrative—
I could state a great many more—of the evils of
the existing system of Congress retaining their
right of revision over private claims, especially
claims of §20,000 or upwards. When I first came
to the Senate of the United States, I had been all
my life accustomed solely to forensic pursuits; I
had never been a member of a deliberative body. I
was made a member of the Committee on Claims.
I, naturally believing I had duties to perform there,
fell into the habit of investigating every case of a
private bill that was presented for congressional
action during the first two sessions I was here. I
/bund it a useless task. I read the reports, and if
they did not satisfy me, I revised the evidence. I
often opposed the bills. I found that argument on
thejustice of the case amounted to nothing. You
must understand how to canvass the Senate out-
side, as well as to speak against a claim, or else
the claim will pass without regard to its justice.
That was my experience. It was under that ex-
perience that I have always desired to see the
decision upon private claims, which are questions
of right, not of gratuity, pass from a body which
I think incompetent to decide upon them, into a
court ofjustice, where the facts have to be proved,
as they would be between man and man, and
where the decision is made uponsettledprinciples.
But, sir, in illustration: while I was a member
of that committee, I had one claim to examine,
in which, after examining it with some care, I was
inclined to think the Government had broken its
