1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contract, and 1 hat.^ the citizen was entitled to
reparation; but the mode in which the claim was
made did not intimate in the remotest degree the
amount which the damages would come to, if the
breaches of contract that were alleged were held
to be sufficient, tsent for the party, who was in
"Washington, and I told him that I thought it
requisite, before reporting upon his claim to tlje
committee, that I should know exactly the whole
of the facts of the case, and I asked lum why his
petition did not contain a statement of the amount
of his damages, so that we might have the means
of knowing what sum we were to appropriate out
of the Treasury. And this was his answer: "The
amount of my claim will be about forty thousand
dollars; and if I had stated in that petition that
the damages were §40,000, I should either have
had to pay away from one half to two thirds of
the amount to the claim agents of Washington,
or they would have defeated my bill."
I believe it is true. I believe it to have been so
at any time in the past history of this Govern-
ment. As Congress deals with claims, especially
large ones, these are the influences which are
brought to bear for the purpose of passing claims
through Congress. Can they be in a court? The
Government is represented there; the question is
discussed openly on both sides. How many mem-
bers of this body ever examine into the merits of
private claims? In my own experience, when I
have been on committees, I have known bills in-
troduced by members, referred to the commit-
tee, and on that committee, the bill referred for
examination to the very member who introduced
it. OeRi you expect a judicial investigation here
in a case like that? I mean to impeach the integ-
rity of no man. It is a corrupt system, though.
It is a system, too, in my juAjment, at war with
the intent of the ConstitutionpA'hich was, that the
justice of the country, between the State and the
individual, should be administered judicially, just
as well as justice between man and man. That is
the great object of this bill; and if the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia prevails, the objectis
to give a revisory power over the administration
of justice between the State and the individual, to
the Congress of the United States. It destroys the
bill. If it passes, I hope the bill will be defeated.
If it does not pass, and the principle is tried, which
I think is undeniable, that justice ought to be ad-
ministered as justice and as a judicial act, whether
it is between the State and the citizen, or man and
man, then I hope the Senate will sanction the bill,
and give a fair trial to this mode of administering
justice.
1 will only add further, that, in the past history
of our country, for the first eleven years of the
existence of the Government, there were about
ninety-six acts passed in reference to private
claims; and you will hardly find a solitary one of
them that was not merely a gratuity, or in the
nature of a gratuity; and at that time, the course
always was, when a claim upon the Government
such as it is proposed to leave to a court here,
guarded by counsel on your own side, and by the
examination of testimony on both sides—when a
claim was presented to Congress, it was referred,
according to the practice that existed in England,
to the head of the Executive Department to which
it belonged, and a decision was made by him, and
paid by him, without any reference to an investi-
gation by Congress. That was departed from.
Congress, with that tendency which always ex-
ists in a legislative body to encroach oil all other
powers, judicial and executive, actually advanced
step by step, until it undertook to dccide on pri-
vate claims against the Government, and those
decisions necessarily were based, not upon the
justice of the claim, not upon its proof, but upon
the tact with which a claim was managed, whether
by outside influences or inside influences; upon
compassion, and a thousand corrupt influences;
and the real merits of the claim were voted upon
and decided constantly by Senators without know-
ing what the subject-matter was upon which they
decided.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the remarks of
the Senator from Delaware, like his bill, all indi-
cate the character which is well known to belong
to that Senator—a profound lawyer, and a right-
eous man. He puts the Government in the atti-
tude of nil individual. He permits the claimant
to institute his suit. He revolts from the idea of
referring the case to the legislative body, which he
considers the least of all fit to judge on the merits
ofaclaim. In that I agreed We are, of all bodies,
perhaps the least fit to judge of the merits of a
claim, or to investigate it. But, as the case now
stands, under the existing law, the Court of Claims
performs that labor for us. The Congress reserves
to itself the payment of the decision made by the
court; and it differs from the case of an individual,
in this: Governments do not allow themselves to
be sued; first, because they cannot allow judg-
ments to run against them; secondly, because it
must be within the discretion of the legislative
body as to whether they will appropriate money
in satisfaction of just claims or not. Public ne-
cessity, the condition of the Treasury, may ren-
der it absolutely necessary that we should post-
pone the paymentof claims. Therefore, we cannot
appropriate money in advance. We cannot say
that we will pay all just claims against us when
presented, or upon judgment of a court; because
the public necessity may overrule that strict rule
of justice which the Senator from Delaware has
so forcibly and so justly presented to our view.
I adhere, therefore, to the existing system. I
am not following the lead of the Senator from
Georgia, because his amendment is i n conflict with
the bill; it destroys the bill; it is not at all in har-
mony with it to insert that amendment. The prop-
osition which we have to decide, I think, is,
whether Congress shall reserve to.itself the right
to appropriate money in satisfaction of private
claims after they shall have been adjudicated by
the Court of Claims, or whether we shall assume
that a decision of the Court of Claims is to stand
as a judgment against the Government, as it might
be regarded as a judgment against an individual.
In the latter position, it is quite clear to me that
it makes no distinction whether we appropriate
money Upon estimates, or whether we appropriate
it upon a report of judgments which have been
tendered by the court. If we follow the bill, we
make that the arbiter; we agree beforehand to be
bound by the judgments; and it does not matter,
in my estimation, at all, whetherit be upon an esti-
mate or upon a report, the obligation being such
that wc cannot avoid it by delay. If, however,
we reserve to ourselves the right to meet the obli-
gations as the law now exists, treating the Court
of Claims as nothing more than a committee le-
gally advised and constituted, so as to inquire fully
into the merits of the case, and prevent us from
falling into those errors which legislative bodies
are subject to, from the causes which have been
so well stated by the Senator from Delaware, then,
I think, wc pursue the safer policy; and I wish to
have this Court of Claims tested by a greater num-
ber of years, before we run the hazard to which
wc shall be subjected under the existing bill. It
does not at all reconcile mo to the change, that the
Senator from Virginia says we can repeal the
law and abolish the court. I am unwilling to go
back to the old method of referring claims to com-
mittees, to be adjudicated in the Senate and House
of Representatives. I wish to continue the Court
of Claims in existence, and therefore 1 am careful
how I expose it to the hazard which may in the
ensuing year bring me to the necessity of repeal-
ing it entirely.
"Jvlr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to be un-
derstood, by any remark which I made, or by the
amendment providing that when the amount to be
paid out of the Treasury should exceed §20,000,
it ought to be specifically appropriated by Con-
gress, that I had not confidence in the ability or
integrity of the judges of the courts to which Sen-
ators refer. Sir, what would be the practical op-
eration in all small claims ? The practical opera-
tion of the amendment would be, if this bill is to
pass at all, that the smaller claims would be dis-
posed of without coming to Congress at all; and,
as to t'he larger class, when the courts, on full in-
vestigation, decided that, either according to law
or according to the rules of equity, the party was
entitled to his claim against the Government, in
ninety-nine cases out of one hundred they would
pass through Congress without any opposition,
j! Practically, I think, that would be the case; but,
at the same time, it is not out of distrust to the
court, but because the Constitution imposes on
us the responsibility of appropriating the money
out of the Treasury, that I would insist, at all
events, where any considerable amount was to be
appropriated—say to exceed §20,000 in a given
ease—that it should be a specific, appropriation,
and not to be taken out of money appropriated in,
advance, which system might involve us to tlie
amount of millions. It is said around me that
there are five or six millions of claims pendingia
that court now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit,
me, how can one dollar go out that we had not
appropriated ? If millions are called for, we will
say " no."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. HovAan you say " no"
after the judgment is rende™against you, and
the faith of the Government is pledged ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The appropriation is matie
in advance, just as we are doing now, and just as"
the Senator from Mississippi proposes. If there is
a judgment against the Government of $5,000,000,
and we have not got the money, then we will
say we will not appropriate, but we will make
some provision to satisfy the claimant, by offering
him interest.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But I understand the effect
of the bill to be this: if the judgment of the court is
that we arc indebted $5,000,000, on this bill as it
stands, the faith of this Government is pledged, and
that Senator and myself cannot refuse to vote the
appropriation, because the fait|^of the Govern-
ment is pledged.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Are we not refusing to
vote appropriations every day where the faith of
the Government is pledged? Is not the faith of
the Government pledged to pay every man what
we owe him, whether it is ascertained by the
judgment of a court or not? and do we not refuse
to pay when we have not got the money ? Did
not the President of the United States veto the
French spoliation bill expressly on the ground
that we had not money, that we were engaged in
a foreign war, and could not pay ? It merely puts
the parties in the ordinary position of one who
has a claim against a person who cannot pay, and
entitles him to interest on equitable principles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The difference is this: in
relation to a claim which.is not yet settled and
determined, and which belongs to Congress to
settle and determine, our faith is not pledged un-
til wc have determined it; but here we provide by
law for a tribunal that may determine the amount
of the claim, and we declare in the very law that,
when it is determined, it is final as against us—so
much due; and we can no more repudiate it than
a bond against the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the Senator per-
ceive that that is arguing in a circle ? The Sena-
tor says that, in the case proposed by the bill, the
faith of the Government is pledged, and therefore
we have no right to refuse an appropriation; but
he proposes to refuse an appropriation, not be-
cause we do not owe the money, but by refrain-
ing from deciding it, because Congress has got the
decision. According to tho^e ethics, all we have to
do is never to decide on the claim, and then our
faith is not pledged; the momentit is decided, we
are bound to pay it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not the effect of
the amendment, for if we put the provision in the
bill, the money is not due by the language of the
bill, unless Congress shall appropriate it; and our
faith is not plegded in advance to the payment of
the judgment. But if we say this court is to render
a judgment without any- appeal or any super-
vision by Congress, our faith becomes absolutely
pledged, and we are just as much bound as if a
man^held a bond against the Government; but
when we retain the supervisory power, it is dif-
ferent. I mentioned the sum of $20,000, because
I thought it would be more convenient and more
expeditious, in disposing of the smaller claims
against the Government under §20,000, to allow the
decision to be absolute against the Government.
We could not be defrauded or injured or imposed
upon; but when the amount exceeds §20,000, let
it stand in the bill that the assent of Congress is
required, and then the claimant understands that
; the faith of the Government is not pledged until
| Congress has passed upon it, and said they will
| pay it. That, it seems to me, is the distinction.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I need no fur-
ther evidence that this bill ought not to pass than
the diversity of opinions that seem to prevail
i among its friends as to the proper construction of
j it; but I wish to ask some of its friends a ques-
| tion, which has just occurred to me. Suppose
! it should be decided by this court that tlie draw-
1 back duties, to which reference has been made,
