1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lOt
will overtake us if dead. Justice has overtaken
its victim, and he has gone to eternity with crim-
soned hands, with blood upon his head.
But the Senator talks about the school in which
John Brown was taught. Why, sir, John Brown,
according to his own confession, had entertained
these ideas for twenty years. John Brown did not
go to Kansas to go to school. He went there as a
teacher-, and on the 24th of May, at the mid hour of
night, from the wife and moth or ,hc dragged the hus-
band and two sons, and imbrued hishands in their
blood. These were the doctrines that he went there
to tcach. He did not go there to be taught; but he
went there as a teacher. These were his teachings.
Imagine the cries and lamentations on the one hand,
and the shrieks of the dying and the mutilated on
the other. I think sometimes that 1 hear shrieks
.*0 loud, so wild, so clear, that even listening angels
:4oop from heaven to hoar. This is the man for
whom an apology is offered. I did the Senator
the justice to say that he disclaimed all sympathy
with Brown, and yet T read what, in fact, was an
apology. What furthermore did the Senator say ?
We have shown, and the fact is not controverted,
that lie murdered five human beings on the 24th
of May. They have shown, in trying to answer
tins, that his son did not receive this ill-treatment
from Captain Pate until the last day of May. We
have shown that his other son was not killed until
the 30th of August. Let us remember these facts,
and come to the old man as being a thief and
murderer. I want these modern fanatics, who
have adopted John Brown and his gallows as their
Christ and their cross, to see who their Christ is.
The Senator says again:
" I regret that gentlemen, in ppeakingof this man Brown,
should be pleased to speak of him as a robber, or a thief, or
a vagabond, m the ordinary sense of the term. Sn, it i* of
the essence of robbery and theft that the lobberoi the thief
who robs or steals should act from the de.-uio of gain. Cer-
tainly no such ehaigc can he made against tlm m;«n, as
that ho whs actuated by the lu-t of sain. He acted from
far dififeient motives. He sought to give liberty to the en-
slaved, and laid down his life loi that puiposc; fioely and
bravely did he do it."
That is, you may steal and commit theft if you
do it to aid in the cause of the abolition of sla-
very. Have we any proof that this is so r What
docs Mrs. Wilkinson say m her affidavit? When
John Brown and his comrades were there on the
night of the 24th, when they took Wilkinson
out and murdered him, just before they left they
took his property and his only horse. I sup-
pose they needed the hors-' to aid in the emanci-
pation of slaves' Horse stealing is carried on
to a great extent sometimes in a frontier country.
Mrs. Doyle states that they inquired where their
horse was, and were told it was out on the
prairie. What took place at Harper's Ferry?
They took Colonel Washington's silver and His
watch. What docs he admit in his own confes-
sion ? That he during the last winter had stolen,
had kidnapped, and run off eleven slaves from the
State of Missouri to Kansas. That is not steal-
ing, though; I suppose that is not theft, that is
not robbery; and we ought not to talk about this
old man as stealing m the common acceptation of
the term! What is it, 1 ask the country, I ask
the Senate, if it is not stealing, robbery, highway
robbery? And yet these things are thrown out,
perhaps i^ot intended, but they do operate asjm
apology and excuse in the minds of many for the
infamy, the murders, the thieving, the treacherous
conduct of this old man Brown, who was nothing
more than a murderer, a robber, a thief, and a
traitor.
I think, Mr. President, that so far as John Brown
is concerned, the facts which 1 have presented
stand uncontroverted. The Senator has failed to
touch them. He has not removed them, but has
added strength and additional proof to what I said
in reference to them. It was not mv intention to
consume this length of time, and 1 should not
have said a single word on the subject if the res-
olutions could have been adopted without discus-
sion, and especially so if a reference had not been
made to John Brown not being a murderer and a
thief, involving the reputation and character of
some of the citizens of my own State.
There docs seem to be a providential interposi-
tion in this affair.' Brown murdered Doyle and
his two sons. Doyle left a widow and four help-
less children. Justice seemed to be a little tardy;
but it kept constantly in pursuit of its victim, and
but a short time since the man who murdered
Doyle and his two sons, fell a victim, with his two
sons, at Harper's Perry. I do not say that this
was a stroke of Providence; but it was a singular
coincidence. He whose hands were red, crimson
with the blood of a father and two sons, fell a vic-
tim at Harper's Ferry with his own two sons. It
seems that divine Providence intended it as a re-
buke, an illustration that justice will not only
overtake its victim, but will mete out justice in a
similar manner.
I think, Mr. President, that I have shown the
tendency of the policy to which I have called at-
tention. Whether it has been designed at all
times by those who preached it or not, I shall not
undertake to say; but I will say that the effect of
that kind of teaching has been the result which is
so evident; and I want to say now, in no spirit
of boasting, to my friends East and West, North
and South, that the time has arrived when these
things ought to be stopped; the time has arrived
when encroachments on the institutions of the
South should cease; the time has arrived when
the southern States and their institutions should
be let alone; the time has arrived when you must
either preserve the Constitution or you must dis-
solve this Union; the time has arrived when we
have well nigh done making any appeals to you
on the subject; but all we ask of you-is, that, as
brothers of the same great Confederacy, you will
understand and carry out the Constitution as it is,
and let us cease this bickering. Let us cease this
agitation, and stand upon the Constitution as the
common altar, and maintain all its guarantees,
and swear by our fathers and the God who made
us that the Constitution and its guarantees shall
be preserved; and, in doing so, we shall preserve
the Union; and m preserving the Union, we shall
have peace and harmony, and the, unexampled
prosperity which has visited our country will con-
tinue to a,o on.
Mr. MALLORY. It is getting near the hour
of adjournment now, and it is rather late for any
gentleman to commence a speech on this subject.
I therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 12, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. P. Cutler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated the pending question to be
upon the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] to amend the Journal of
Friday, upon which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kilgore] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield me the floor a moment?
Mr. KILGORE. I would ask the gentleman
if any discussion is to grow out of what he may
have to offer?
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope not.
Mr. KILGORE. I will yield to the gentleman
m a few moments. Upon consultation with my
friends upon this side of the House, I find there
is an almost unanimous opinion in favor of pro-
ceeding with the balloting until we bring about an
organization of the House, and that they would
much prefer remaining silent until that end is to
be obtained. I am aware of the great necessity
of an organization. The Administration is hob-
bling along m a crippled condition without money,
and almost without friends. I am willing to place
it in a condition to avail itself of the former, while
I do not think it deserves the latter.
Let me say to gentlemen upon the other side of
the Hoeisc, that we do not shrink from discussion,
and that, at the proper time, after the organiza-
tion of the House, we will meet them and discuss
the very subjects which they have brought before
the House, until all parties are satisfied. I shall
take the first opportunity that may present itself
to endeavor to examine the state ofthmgsasthey
exist between the North and South. We are told
there is to be a dissolution. All well-conducted
partnerships, previous to a dissolution, examine
their books to see how the accounts stand, so I
will endeavor to post up the books between the
North and the South, and see who has committed
wrong And in doing that 1 will endeavor to square
the books in reference to this .subject of irrepres-
sible conflict. But, now, I hope gentlemen upon
the other side of the House will unite with us and
proceed to ballot for Speaker and to organize the
House. When that is done, we will discuss with
you all these subjects, for I assure you none of
us upon this side shrink from a full and fair in-
vestigation.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have been engaged for
ono week in attempts to organize the House.
During that time we have taken three votes. Most
of the time has been occupied, as it were, in Com-
mittee of the Whole, discussing questions which
arc necessarily incident to, and growing out of
the attempt to make such organization. We have
seen, in consequence of our unorganized condi-
tion, a great deal of interruption, a great deal of
disturbance, a great deal of noise coming from
these thronging galleries, and have been without
apparently proper means of preserving order, and
maintaining: our self-protection. In order that the
Clerk may be disemoarrassed, and in order that
gentlemen upon this floor may be disembarrassed
from having a functionary of less dignity than
themselves to preside over their deliberations, I
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the oldest member of this House, by con-
sccutivo service, bo, and is hereby, appointed to the chair
to preside until the election of Speaker.
Mr. KILGORE. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose that the mere ob-
jection of an individual member will have no effect,
as we are not acting under the rules of the House,
but under general parliamentary law.
I wish to say but a singlo word, in addition to
what I have already said, and then I will leave
the proposition to the good sense of the House,
and let it abide the fate they may determine. By
looking at the record of the Twenty-Sixth Con-
gress , it appears tha t, upon the attempt to organize
the House,there sprungup an important legal ques-
tion which gave rise to an animated and protracted
debate. On the fourth day of that session, I find that
a distinguished gentleman from South Carolina
introduced a proposition that the then oldest mem-
ber, the venerable Lewis Williams, should take
the chair, and occupy it until the House was or-
ganized; but, for reasons personal to Mr. Wil-
liams, the name of a distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, Mr. Adams, was substituted. He
was placed in the chair, and occupied it for twenty
days, while that debate was going on previous to
the organization of the House.
The same thing was attempted, but without
success, at the meeting of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress. Whether it would not have been better,
had the precedent been followed in that case, I
leave to the judgment of gentlemen who were en-
gaged m the protractcd and tumultuous debate
which occurred previous to the election of Speaker.
This is a measure propounded simply for the pur-
pose of preserving the order, for preserving the
dignity, for preserving the self-rcspect of our body
in the eyes of this great country, until such time
as we shall be prepared to proceed to the transac-
tion of our proper and ordinary business. It is
a proposition which seems to me to be fair; which
seems to me to be just, to be wise, to be conserv-
ative; and it follows a precedent which stands
upon the record, to say the least, in a very favor-
able aspect. I hope the House will adopt the
resolution; and, for that purpose, I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KILGORE. I interposed an objection
upon the ground that the resolution was not in
order.
Mr. GROW. I wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from Tennessee to the precedent which
he has quoted. In the case in which Mr. Adams
was placed in the chair, the gentleman will re-
member that he was appointed Speaker because
the Clerk refused to put any motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. He was made chairman,
and not Speaker. He was never called Speaker.
Mr. GROW. Well, he was appointed because
the Clerk refused to put any motion. The present
Clerk has not so refused, and I have heard no
complaint that every motion has not been sub-
mitted which has been required.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the Clerk,
in view of the duties devolved upon him, has de-
clined to decide questions of order as they arise;
and that point directly arising, his views have been
sustained by at least a respectable minority, if not
a majority of this House, the question never having
