108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
come to a final vote; and it is of more importance
that the order of this House should be preserved
tha.n that questions should be put to it for its de-
cision.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. It is imma-
terial whether the proposition of my friend from
Tennessee be adopted or not. I have no objection,
if that be the sense of the House, that we should
carry out that resolution. I propose, however,
before the vote is taken upon the resolution, to
submit briefly some suggestions to the House in
relation to the state of things now existing.
I confess, Mr. Clerk, that I cannot see any se-
rious objection—however necessary it may be to
have this House organized—to our proceeding
with this discussion in the same courteous manner
in which it has been so far conducted. The at-
tention of the country is more especially directed
to what may be going on here in the present con-
dition of the House than it would be if wo pro-
ceeded more regularly. We have now within
this Hall some two hundred and thirty-odd mem-
bers from various States of the Confederacy—not
delegates from a consolidated people, but embas-
sadors from great sovereignties—and it is proper
that these high and independent representatives
shall take into consideration, before electing a
Speaker of this House—the third officer of the
Government in point of dignity-—all the great
questions connected with the present state of the
Union.
Under the Constitution of the United States
there is an express authority given to the House
of Representatives to choose its Speaker and its
other officers; but as to the mode in which the
election is to be made, the Constitution is silent.
Therefore we are to be governed by usage, by
the essential nature of the case, and by such con-
siderations as shall control the 'Representatives of
these States. I concede that when a member gets
up to oxpress his views or the opinions entertained
by his section or by his constituents, it should be
done in order, with dignity, with firmness. As
now constituted, we are here on our paiole of
honor. If the intervention of your subordinate
officers cannot be called in to preserve order, the
greater the reason for gentlemen conducting them-
selves with perfect decorum; and I would hold
that man who would indulge in personalities, or
in any ungenerous remarks not called for by the
occasion, as derelict in the discharge of his high
duty. In the brief remarks which I propose to
make on this occasion, I shall not depart from the
rogramme that I have thus laid down, and which
recognize to be correct.
The Democratic members of this House, al-
though in a minority, have proceeded, accord-
ing to the ancient usages of that party, to have
an understanding, and to present, to their fellow-
members a gentleman for Speaker whom they
consider perfectly competent to discharge the du-
ties of that position. They have offered a distin-
guished gentleman from Virginia. What objec-
tions can be advanced against him ? He has been
long a member of this House, and is acquainted
with parliamentary usage. His views and Ins
principles are national. He is here, not the Rep-
resentative alone of the old Commonwealth of
Virginia, but a Representative to take charge, ac-
cording to the limitations of the Constitution, of
the interests, of every section of this great Con-
federacy. ]N o objection can be urged against him
personally. No fair and legitimate objection, I
apprehend, can be advanced against him so far
as his political principles are concerned. If he
be clothed with the responsible trust of presiding
over the deliberations of this House, he will do
so with dignity, with firmness, with fairness, in
my judgment. On the other side we see the Re-
publican party, a great organization of the North.
They, also, have presented a member of that
party for Speaker, and have invoked to his sup-
port the suffrages of members of this House.
How stands that gentleman' Is it not known to
tliis House that, 111 the various ballots that have
taken place, not a single member from a southern
State, or from the States of the Pacific, has taken
on himself the responsibility of voting for that
gentleman? How can they clo it? So far as the
personal charactcr of that gentleman is concerned,
I have nothing to say against him; but, repre-
senting, as I do, a southern constituency—coming
from a State loyal to this Union—coming from a
border State—I ask, how can it be expected that
r
any gentleman representing a southern constitu-
ency can give that gentleman his support? He
stands before us and the country, unfortunately
for him, as the indorser of this Helper book, that
notorious publication. How can he be relieved
from that odium ? Notwithstanding the apologies
made to the House, that indorsement sticks to
him as the poisoned shirt of Nessus. He cannot
divest himself of it. How can they expect us,
who represent great interests which are recog-
nized by the Constitution, to sustain a gentleman
thus implicated and thus affected?
What incendiary views does this atrocious pub-
lication of Helper inculcate ? Here is a brief sum-
mary;
"1. Thorough organization and independent political
action on tlie part of the non-slaveholding whites of the
South.
"2. Ineligibility of pio-slavery slaveholders; never an-
other vote to any one who advocates retention and perpet-
uation of human slavery.
"3. No coaptation with pro-slavery politicians; no fel-
lowship with them 111 religion; no affiliation with them in
society.
"4. No patronage to pro-slavery merchants; no guest-
ship in stave-waiting hotels; no fees to pro-slavery law-
yers; no employment of pro-slavery phjsictans; no audi-
ence to pro-slavery parsons.
"5. No more hiring of .slaves by non-slaveholders.
" 6. Abrupt discontinuance ofsubsenption to pro-slavery
newspapers.
"7. The greatest possible encouiagemcnt to free white
labor."
I have not read the book, and may never take
that occasion; and I refer to this brief analysis,
without commenting upon other sentiments yet
more insurrectionary and diabolical. Enough
comment upon such a miserable firebrand; and
the candidate of the Republicans has indorsed and
recommended it!
A gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] introduced, the other day, a resolution em-
bodying the plurality rule. Now, is not that a
matter of questionable constitutionality? The
Constitution of the United States says that the
House shall choose its Speaker. A majority of a
quorum can transact business, but can they'dcle-
gatc authority to a loss number than a majority?
Can a measure be passed or become a law unless
it meet the approval of a majority? I apprehend
not. This plurality rule is therefore a matter of
very questionable authority. For myself, I can
never consent, under any circumstances, to vote
for the election of Speaker by the plurality rule.
No, sir; our Federal Government is a Government
of limited powers, of chocks and balances. Within
those limitations, it may be said, you have the
House of Representatives and the Senate of the
United States, coordinate branches of the legisla-
tive department. You have the President of the
United States, who call exercise the veto power;
which, looking to the character of this Govern-
ment—a Confederacy of sovereign States—is a
conservative power. And, sir, if from the con-
flicting elements of which this House is composed,
no party can command a majority in its organiza-
tion, then what is the attitud'e of the Government?
What is the position of this nation ? Upon whom
docs the responsibility rest? Uponallofus. You
may say that it is not upon the Republican party
or upon the Democratic party, if you please. It
may be upon those gentlemen who cast scattering
votes; but they have their responsibility also to
meet. Sir, I say, for myself, that I cannot recog-
nize the propriety of an organization of this House
by the adoption of the plurality rule.
Well, sir, the district that I have the honor to
represent—a part of the State of Maryland—is a
district loyal to this Union, under the Constitu-
tion; but I owe it. to this House, to my constitu-
ents, and to myself, to state here, that there is a
growing apprehension in my section of the State
of Maryland, (and I believe, sir, it is a fair index,
perhaps, of the sentiment of the whole State,)
that there is danger to the perpetuity of this Union,
and to the existence of this Confederacy, and to
our immediate interests. And let me say, sir,
that this Union is not to be preserved, in my judg-
ment, by singing peans and hosannas to it. It
can only be perpetuated by maintaining, in their
full vigor and vitality, all the guarantees of the
Constitution. Whenever this Government is un-
der the control of an irresponsible and fanatical
majority, and the integrity and sovereignty of the
States are destroyed, you may cleave down this
Union, and demolish the very existence of the
Government. The South, therefore, is taking her
position and occupying the ground that she does—
not alone for her own sake, but as the friend of the
whole Union—for the purpose of maintaining
the constitutional rights of the people of the North,
as well as those of the South.
Well, sir, a new kind of doctrine is talked about
now-a-days of an " irrepressible conflict" between
the free and the slave States which did not pre-
vail in the stormy but patriotic days of the Rev-
olution, in those heroic times when our forefathers
went into the struggle with mother country. Of
the thirteen States that then existed, twelve were
slaveholding States and but one was a non-slave-
holding State, and a Constitution was formed in
the year of our Lord 1789, recognizing the rights
of those slaveholding States.
How many sovereign States are there now?
The southern section alone has fifteen. In place
of the thirteen States that went straight through
the battles of the Revolution triumphantly with
three million people, you have now on southern
soil fifteen groat and powerful slaveholding Stales,
with a population of some six or eight miJlion
and all the elements of a great people. Can it
be supposed that the Representatives of those
fifteen slaveholding States arc less patriotic, less
the friends of constitutional Government than
were our forefathers ? They did not go into that
great conflict from any new-fangled notion of lib-
erty or any of those transcendental views which
now actuate a portion of the people of the North.
They lived under charters from the mother coun-
try—all the colonies had such charters—and they
went into that, struggle with the mother country
in defense of constitutional liberty and their char-
tered rights. There were cool and sedate men in
those days who thought that the patriots who em-
barked in the Revolution were too hasty in their
action; they said that tliey had lived under a good
Government, and that perhaps the mother country
would change her policy; but George Washing-
ton , the father of his country, and his compatriots
thought otherwise, and they deliberately involved
themselves in that great revolutionary effort with
three million people composing the entire popula-
tion of the colonies. There were men in those
days, both North and South, called Tories, who
thought the movement ill-advised and premature;
but the patriots of those days rushed into the fear-
ful contest, and, notwithstanding this internal feel-
ing and opposition, they gloriously established
their independence and laid the foundation of this
constitutional confederated Government. Now,
can it be supposed that in this nineteenth ccntury,
when, under the beneficent influence of this Gov-
ernment, the South herself, pari passu with other
portions of the country, has grown to be a great
section, with fifteen States and eight million peo-
ple, they will, when an attempt is made to strike
down ail constitutional guarantees and to set at
naught the limitations which ore prescribed foi
the action of this Government, tamely submit to
a dominant, fanatical, and irresponsible majority?
I apprehend not, sir. Have we not grown to be
a great people ? We have now thirty-three States,
not alone upon the Atlantic slope as m the rev-
olutionary struggle, and with a scattered popula-
tion, but you have filled up, by the wise and influ-
ential action of this Government, the avenues of
population; the great valley of the Mississippi
now teems with her millions of people,-and we
have now, upon the golden shores of the Pacific,
two great, States—California and Oregon.
Now, sir, is it to be supposed that these States
v. iII revolve around the General Government as
does the solar system around the sunns a center?
Almighty power controls the universe; but Al-
mighty power does not control human government
upon the same fixed and unalterable bpsis. That
depends in a great measure, under divine Provi-
dence, upon the people—the voice of the people,
which, in this country, we recognize, m the mode
prescribed by the Constitution, as the voice of
God; and the people are not those of the days of
the Revolution; not those who are to come after
us; but the people now living and moving on the
face of the earth within the limits of this Con-
federacy, they are the people—the actual people.
We have lived happily; we have lived and enjoyed
all the blessings of life comfortably under this
Union; and it has grown to be powerful among
the nations of the world under the guidance of
Democratic principles. Now, forsooth, in this
refined age of the world, here are gentlemen from
