1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
ncssee, King, Latham, Simmons, Sumner, Wade, and Wil-
kinson—16. •
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bjgler,,Bragjr, Ches-
nut, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Douglas,
Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green, Ham-
mond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, Lane, Mai-
lory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Rice, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thomson, Wigfall, Wilson, and Yulee—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Ji ni be it further enacted, That the provisions of the sec-
ond and third sections of an act entitled " An act to pie-
vent frauds upon the Treasury of the United States," ap-
proved February 26,1853, shall "be applicable to all cases
of claims that may be prosecuted against the United States
in the Court of Claims.
I ask for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY, Mr. COLLAMER, and
others. "What are those provisions?
Mr. HARLAN. I will send them to the desk
and have them read in connection with the eighth
section.
The Secretary read the second and third sections
of the act of February 26, 1853, as follows:
<( See. 2. And be it further enacted, That any officer of
the United States, or person holding any place of trust or
profit, or discharging any official function under, or in con-
nection with, any Executive Department of the Govern-
ment of the United States, or under the Senate oi House
of Representatives of the United States, who, after the
passage of this act, shall act as an agent or attorney for
prosecuting any claim against the United States, or =hall,
in any manner, or by any means otherwise than in the dis-
charge of his proper official duties, aid or assist m the pros-
ecution or support of any such claim or claims, or shall
receive any gratuity, or any share of or interest in any
claim from any claimant against the United States with
intent to aid or assist, or in consideration of having aided
or assisted, m the prosecution of such claims, shall be lia-
ble to indictment as for a misdemeanoflRn any couitof the
United States having jurisdiction thereof, and, on convic-
tion, shall pay afine not exceeding $5,000, or suffer impris-
onment in the penitentiary not exceeding one year, or both,
as the court m its discretion shall adjudge.
" Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That any Senator or
Representative in Congress, who, after the passage of this
act, shall, for compensation paid or to be paid, ecrtain or
contingent, act as agent or attorney for prosecuting any
claim or claims against the United States, or shall in any
manner, or by any means, for such compensation, aid or
assist in the prosecution or support of any such claim or
claims, or shall receive any gratuity, or any share of or in-
terest in any claim from any claimant against the United
State®, with intent to aid or assist, or m consideration of
having aided or assisted, in the piosecution of such claim,
shall bo liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor in any
court of the United States having jurisdiction thereof, and,
on conviction, shall pay a fine not exceeding .$5,000, or
suffer imprisonment in the penitentiary not exceeding one
year, or both, as the court in its discretion shall adjudge.'3
Mr. HALE. Let the Secretary read the eighth
section of the act, and gentlemen will see that it
does not apply to courts. It will show the neces-
sity of the" amendment.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Sfc. 8. Jbul be it farther enacted, That nothing in the
second and third sections of this act contained shall be con-
strued to apply to the prosecution or defense of any action
or suit in any judicial court of the United States."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope that amendment
will bo accepted. I think it. is a very proper one.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why should it be ac-
cepted? I do not know. The decision of the court
is made conclusive. It can never come back here,
so that a member of this body can vote on it here.
I am sure I feel no interest in it, but I see no reason
for such a provision; none at all. I hope it will
not be adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I am willing to agree to the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. If the amendment is accept-
able to the friends of the bill, I am willing to
withdraw the call for the veas and nays. #
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The call for the yeas and
nays may be withdrawn by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection.
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
declared the amendment agreed to.
Several Senators called for a division.
Mr. HARLAN. I renew the demand for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope wo shall not have a call
of the yeas and nays. If the present law does not
apply to this class of officers, there can be no ob-
jection to making it applicable.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 understood some Senator
to call for a division. I do not wish to consume
the time of the Senate in calling the roll 011 it if it
be acceptable; if not, however, I desire to record
my vote in favor of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordered, the Secretary wilfcall
the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bingham, Chandler, Clay, Collamer, Davis, Dixon, 1 loo-
little, Burkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick. Foot, Fos-
ter, Gwin, Hale, Harian, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, King, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Mason, Nichol-
son, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Thomson, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg, Chesnut, Crittenden, Green,
Hammond, and Wigfail—6.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time. It was read the third time; and on the
question, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 34, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brags, Chesnut, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doug-
las, i'essenden, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Green,
Hammond, Hunt* r, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Ma-
son, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Sumner,
Thomson, Trumbull, Wigfall, and Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Chandler, Davis.
DooJittle, Durkee, Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Simmons. Ten
Eyek, Wade, and Wilkinson—16.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 304) inviting proposals for carrying
the entire mail between the Atlantic and Pacific
States in one line; and
A bill (No. 326) to establish mail routes in the
Territory of Kansas.
The bills were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
West Point appropriation bill, so that we may ad-
journ upon'it, and have it as the first business in
order for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 5)
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy fortho year ending June 30,1861.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tbesday, March 13, 1660.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
bv the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read an d approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury, ill
response to the resolution of the House of the
12tli March, 1860, requesting estimates of sums
necessary to complete the capitol and peniten-
tiary buildings in New Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways andMeans, and
ordered to be printed.
MRS. ANNE M. SMITH AMD OTHERS.
On mo.tion of Mr. HAMILTON, by unani-
mous consent, Senate biil No. 73, for the relief of
Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of the late Brevet
MajorGeneral Fersifer F. Smith; Mrs. Harriet B.
Macomb, widow of Major Genera] Alexander
Macomb; and Mrs. Arabella Riley, widow of
Brevet Major General Bennct Riley, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also movedto
lav the motion to roconsider on the table.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. AGATHA O'BRIEN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate bill No. 260, for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J: P. J,O'Brien,
late of the United States Army; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred fo
the Committee oil Invalid Pensions. , "
POINT COUPEE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Seriate bill No. 258, granting to the parish of
Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts of land
in said parish; which was read afjrst and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee' oh
Public Lands. :
MESNE AND STSTAL PROCESS.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to in-
troduce a hill to provide for the execution of mesne
and final process of courts of the United States.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived , and read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the bill be In-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was taken; and the motion vy^as
agreed to. y '
BISCHAKGE OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Committee on
Military Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill, which i
had the honor to introduce, and that was referred
to said committee, and that it bb referred to the
select committee appointed to take into consider-
ation the question of a Pacific railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
OLIVER BASCOMB.'
Mr. McKEAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the claim of Oliver Bascomb, assignee of
Edward Lusher, for services in taking care of a diedge-boat
for the United States, at Whitehall, in the State of New
York, and to report by bill or otherwise.
ORGANIZATION OF THE MILITIA.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise
to a privileged question. I move to take up the
motion to reconsider the vote by which a bill in-
! troduced by me, in February, to increase the ap-
propriation for arming the militia of the United
States, was referred to the Committee on the Mi-
litia; and upon that motion I desire to address the
House for a few moments.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill will be
read. It is a bill (H. R. No. 65) to- amend the
act of April 23, 1808, entitled "An act making
provision for arming and equipping the whole
body of the militia of the United States."
Mr. TOMPKINS. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have the flooron
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was referred to the Committee on the Militia.
I do notknow, Mr. Speaker, whetherit is strict-
ly in order here to discuss anything but the issues
of Democracy and Republicanism, or the vexed
question of slavery; but at the hazard of being
deemed singular, if not disorderly, I propose to
depart now, for a little while, from the beaten
pathway of debate. This motion, sir, to recon-
sider opens up the general merits of the proposed
measure, and I ask the attention of the House for
about fifteen minutes, while I explain it; I will not
detain you longer, and, that I may not, I desire
to speak without interruption.
Mr. Speaker, if there was any one sentiment
more deeply fixed in the minds of those who
founded this Republic than any other, it was jeal-
ousy of standing armies. It passed into a maxim
among them that large military establishments in
time of peace were dangerous to liberty. That
maxim remains to this day in the bill of rights in
many of our State constitutions'. It has left its
impress also upon the policy tjnd legislation of
this Government to the present time, when, with
twelve thousand miles of land and water frontier,
I encircling three million square miles, we have a
! standing army numbering less than twelve thou-
| sand effective men. And yet no statesmen were
| more sensitive to national honor, or more awake
I to the necessity of national defense. Hostile to
S standing armies, but zealous to provide for the
I public safety, they looked to the militia of the
| several States for protection against foreign and
