1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
when I heard from the Senator from Virginia that
there was no complaint; that the iron interest was
flourishing, &c.; but I shall not go into that; I
have agreed that others shoxild take care of this
point. I only say that the Senator's declaration
was astonishing to me, as it will be to the coun-
try. My constituents, as I said before, feel that
the charge upon importations may be so read-
justed as to relieve them, and so as to stimu-
late home industry, without doing; wrong to any
other interest in the country. This can be done,
to a great extent, without increasing the aggre-
gate rate paid by consumers. That is the view
they take. They want you to give them all the
chances against foreign competition; give them
such protection as you can against foreign fraud
and duplicity. They want you to make the charges
so as to interfere with the importation of inferior
articles. England can make an inferior article of
iron at a very low rate, and impose it upon our
country, and cheat our consumers. The Amer-
ican producer can make the best article just about
as low as he can the meanest. The specific charge
upon the quantity becomes as high upon the in-
ferior article; and must tend to keep it out of our
country. That alone is of importance to home
producers.
If time permitted, I could take the statistics from
your financial repotts and illustrate the frauds ill
the liquor schedule, under your present tariff, to
an extent unparalleled in any other commercial
affair. In 1845, when the charge was upon the
quantity, Madeira wine wan entered m the cus-
tom-house at $1 45 a gallon. In 1850, when the
duty was ad valorem, the same wine came in at
fifty cents; and that disproportion runs through
all wines. They manage to invoice them far be-
low their real value.
There is another very important department
that 1 should like to go into under other circum-
stances; that is the manufacture of cloth and the
importation of cloth. I have important facts on
this point fiom a gentleman who was quile as
much prejudiced against anything like a specific
duty as I was. He is now connected with the
Treasury, and is one of the most efficient officers
of the Government. He has told me repeatedly
that his duties, bringing him in contact with the
practical workings of our tariff system, have con-
vinced him that wherever the charge upon quan-
tity can be made, it is safer than any oilier way;
more reliable for the Government, as well as for
our home interests. We used to produce a good
deal of cloth in this country; but we make none
now. Tiie English used to import a good deal,
but they bring in hut little at present. What is
the solution? Why, sir, the Germans and the
French are much more skillful, not only in man-
ufacturing, but in importing. There is scarcely
an importer of foreign cloths to be found in the
city of New York who is an American. The
business is altogether in the hands of foieign
houses; and some of these foreign houses have
attempted to speak their voice on this floor. How
do they do it? They have a partner in INew York,
and tliey send their cloths invoiced at the mere
cost of the labor of producing them and the raw
material—not one dollar for wear and tear, and
not one cent for interest—and the profits are as-
sessed m this country ; and I have been told by
more than one American merchant that he could
buy broadcloth at a less rate from foreign houses
ill "New York than he could in Germany or
France. The public officer to whom I refer says
that this is the system under which it is done.
Would I not break that up, if I could, for the
benefit of our people, manufacturers as well as
merchants > Uncpii'Mioiiablv I would, ft is not
tile cheap goods I complain of. It is the fraud by
which one class of merchants drive another out
of legitimate business, and by which tile Govern-
ment is defrauded out of lis just dues.
\ov.-, sir, tins tariff system is a mercantile and
business question; a question of commerce, com-
plicated. mysterious m its operations', and I agree
it cannot be understood or fully developed m a
day or an hour: out that whatis eiiai god r needed,
nor only as a question of revenue, but as a ques-
tion concerning our gieat industrial interests, is
too clear foi d.spute. My people do n->t ask any
gift, they seek no favor at your hands. They
jeik justice against those who have the advant-
age o'f them ill oilier countries. They believe
dies.: gieat interests will soon grow tip with such
rapidity as to stand successfully against foreign
competition. They would not oppress the con-
sumers in any other State. But I have shown
how a great deal can be done for them in adjust-
ing the charges without increasing the rate that
consumers pay. I have shown you that under
the present tariff you pay all they ask. They
would not have more on our great staples than
was paid under the tariff of 1846; but they ask
that the charge he made upon the quantity for the
reasons which I have already stated.
These, Mr. President, are the general views.
Every man knows, who has thought on this ques-
tion at all, that to go through it thoroughly and
entirely requires almost any length of time you
can think of. I do not claim to have here done
any more than touch it. The pending question
is merely cm the postponement of the bill. I say
that under the present tariff, with a rate of duty
upon your aggregate imports a little over fourteen
per cent., you cannot get the necessary amount
of revenue to meet the expenses of the Govern-
ment. On the. aggregate imports on the tariff of
1846 you had twenty per cent, duty; now it is
fourteen and four tenths per cent. I maintain that
the rate is too low—too low as a revenue meas-
ure; that you must necessarily have a larger
amount of goods in the country than the country
can receive and pay for, to have revenue enough
for your expenses.
But, sir, I do not care to pursue the subject
further. I do ask, though, that my friends on
this side, with whom I have acted in many a po-
litical contest where the peculiar notions of their
people were concerned, where their peculiar insti-
tutions were involved, will consider favorably,
if possible, the feelings and interests of my people.
They are your real friends. There is lio State in
this Union more wedded to the principles of the
Constitution, more determined to perform the
duties of fidelity to her sisters, than the State which
I have the honor in part to lopresont. She will
do that in peace and m war. She will do it under
every circumstance, and her voice should be
heeded on the present occasion. It may he, sir,
that in some particulars interest may have warped
judgment, and they may think that they are enti-
tled at your hands to that which is unreasonable;
but I tell you it is a deep feeling on their part,
and they have demanded of me to speak their
voice; and I have endeavored to speak it to-day,
though it is not the \oice that you ought to hear,
for I should have given this subject much more
time and pursued it more fully and more deliber-
ately; but my feeling is, perhaps, a fair reflection
of theirs, and they mean to indicate to you that
they have a deep conviction and a judgment that
those with whom I act here can do something for
their peculiar institutions, just as well as not, and
do wrong to no one.
It may be sai'd that when I talk about the inter-
ests of tiioSouthl talk about constitutional rights.
That is true. I do not ask any violation of con-
stitutional rights, or any violation of equality in
the burdens of Government. If we cannot show
that what we desire can be done with equal jus-
tice to all the States of the Union; to every indus-
trial class, producers and consumers, North and
South, East and West, we will abandon the claim;
we will make it no more; you may put your du-
ties horizontally or any other way you please. 1
believe we can make out a case. Let the Senator
from Virginia agree to stay here two or three
weeks; let us take up the bill; let us consider it
with all the lights which he has before him—and
he has all now that he ever will have; he can assist
me in meeting the wishes of my constituents, and_
to some extent raise the groat industrial interests of
the nation from their present depressed condition.
But, sir, 1 have said enough, and I intend to
drop the subject at this point; but I must express
the hope that my friends on this side will not
treat this measure with seeming indifference, and
postpone it without looking at its merits at ail. I
have' answered all the difficulty about time. Th.it
b is nothing. It will go for liothtnff here. It will
|i go for nothing in the*country. We have a duty
'■ to perform; we are paid for it; and we ought to
l! stay and perform it. As the Senator from Vir-
i ginla has not convinced me—and I do not see how
p he can convince any mail—that we shall not need
|| an increase of revenue, I hold that he ought to
i' vote against his own molion, and retain thismeas-
ji ure for full consideration and practical notion.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, coming from
a State deeply interested irc the subject under con-
sideration, I may be expected to discuss it some-
whatatlength. Nothing,however,can be further
from my intention at this time. My colleague
has in his able and lucid speech, consuming
more than two hours, entered so fully into the
details of the measure, that nothing 1 might be
able to add would sensibly affect the result. Be-
sides, upon a motion to postpone, an argument
from one whose opinions upon this subject arc-so
well known would be superfluous. My views in
regard to the great question of protection "have
undergone no change from the beginning. As it
seemed to bo the necessity of the country then,
so it appears to my mind "now. With my col-
league, however, it is otherwise; he confesses to
a change of sentiment touching the policy of Gov-
ernment toward the industrial interests of which it
is, or should be, the jealous guardian, and I hail
the change as an omen of further changes for the
better on his side of the Senate Chamber. I regret
that so few of his political associates thought
proper to remain m their seats during his argu-
ment; for until I discovered but five of those
Senators in their places, one of whom, if I mistake
not, was asleep, I had confidently expected suffi-
cient aid through his influence to «earry. the bill
which has received the support of the House and
meets his cordial approval. If changes are to be
made in favor of the measure, they must be looked
for on that side of the Chamber, for it may be con-
sidered a settled question that Republican Senators
only wait opportunity to vote against postpone-
ment fur the bill when it comes upon its final
passage.
Mr. HAMMOND. If the Senator will allow
mc to interrupt him, I would like to make a count
on his side of the House.
Mr. CAMERON. That is not my business.
Besides, the Senator from South Carolina will
allow me to say, that the other side is the one on
j which the impression is to be made. I had for a
| long time believed and trusted that the working-
| men of my State were to get some relief during
I the administration of Mr. Buchanan. Son of
Pennsylvania as he is, and raised to the high, I
may say, proud, position he now holds by the
votes of the laboring classes, it was not too much
to expect of him that he would have advantaged
himself of that high position to benefit the State
which has honored him so much. In the various
messages he has sent to us, he has declared him-
self in favor of that sort of protection which we
desire in Pennsylvania. But, sir, 1 begin to fear
that we shall get nothing from him; and if my
colleague should fail to secure the five or six ex-
pected votes from among his political associates,
I shall despair of obtaining any measure of relief
for the industrial interests of the country until the
Senate and the Administration shall cease to be
controlled by thepresentDemocraticparty. Those
five or six expected votes would, if brought to the
aid of this side of the House, carry prosperity and
happiness to the three millions of people my col-
league and myself represent. Nor will the regrets
winch must follow the defeat of the beneficial
measure under consideration, be narrowly selfish
ill their nature; because we hold to the doctrine
that Pennsylvania cannot bo prospered except her
sister States in the Union shall enjoy that pros-
perity in common. We believe that the advantage
, of one part must redound to the advantage of every
I other part. While you, gentlemen of the South,
j are protecting your peculiar institutions, you
I ought, at least, not to forget that we of the North
1 have a peculiar institution to protect and encour-
age—our free white labor. But I will not pursue
: tins subject further, and would saynothing more
1 were it not for the purpose I have to correct some
; criors ill the statement of the distinguished Sena-
j tor from Virginia, the chairman of the Committee
i on Finance.
! He began by telling us that no change was
| necessary in the revenue system from the wants
of the Government; that a change had not been
I asked for by the manufacturers, and that this bill
i is defective in all its details. He has forgotten
I that lie has been at the head of the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate during this Administration,
and for many years before. That Mr. Buchanan
came into power with a full Treasury, witii
over $17,000,000 in hand and but a trifling debt.
That the debt has been increased by him over
