3018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
#40,000,000. That the $40,000,000 of debt and
the surplus of $17,000,000 makes, together,
#57,000,000 squandered by the Administration,
besides the income of the present tariff, which
the chairman of Finance says is ample for the
support of the Government. The chairman of
Finance also pays a high compliment to the abil-
ity of the Secretary of the Treasury. I have not
the same confidence in him. I have no belief in
his fitness for the place he now occupies. He is
doubtless a man of integrity, but out of his sphere.
He inauguarated his administration by a blunder;
by buying the public debt at a premium of about
sixteen per cent, in the belief that his income
was inexhaustible, and within the same year was
compelled to ask for a loan to meet the ordinary
wants of the Government. His reports, so far
■ as I remember, have been a series of mistakes
and miscalculations. I shall not enter upon de-
tails, but one striking blunder may be cited as a
case in point: in one of his estimates, arguing
against the necessity of a modification of the
tariff, he said he would receive during the then
current year $12,000,000 from the duty on Sugar.
When the money was counted he found but
$4,000,000—showing a mistake of $8,000,000. It
was an error of judgment; he should have re-
membered tlvit tne year on which his estimate
was based was to all others an exceptional year,
owing to the fact that unusual frosts during the
year preceding had cut off the homo crop, in-
creasing the price and causing a large importa-
tion. The ad valorem duty on this large importa-
tion at the high prices induced by the destruction
of the home crop, produced so large a revenue
from this source alone, that a statesman must at
once have seen that such increase would not be
likely again to occur. A blunder like this by a
gentleman at the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment, should render us cautious in receiving his
estimates as a basis of legislation.
When the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance says that the country asks for no change
in the revenue laws, he forgets the hundreds of
petitions with their thousands of names of labor-
ing men attached, asking for relief. If he has
read the petitions referred to the Committee on
Finance, lie must have seen, that not only the
iron and coal interests, but every other branch of
industry throughout the country have been pros-
trated. That m my State, as elsewhere, men
were seeking vainly for employment, while those
dependent on the labor of their strong arms were
asking for bread—for the necessaries of life, in-
directly denied to them here by those to whom
the luxuries of life have become common because
of their continued abundance. In all the estab-
lishments now in actual operation, the laborer is
working at greatly reduced wages, while the em-
ployers are reaping no profit on the capital in-
vested. He should know that the stability of
free governments depends upon the intelligence
and moral culture of the governed; that the laborer
and the artisan should lie afforded the means of
so educating their children, which means are only
to be derived from the protection and encourage-
ment of those branches of industry nccessary to
the development of the resources of States.
Mr. IIUJMTER. I said, "cxcept the iron in-
terest."
Mr CAMERON. Does the Senator think he can
get along without the iron interest of Pennsylva-
nia and other States ? Docs he remember that the
annual value of the manufactured products of
Philadelphia alone is $250,000,000, or twenty per
cent, more than the entire boasted cotton crop of
the United States? Has he not heard that the
products of the factories and workshops of the
young city of Cincinnati amount annually to
mom than $112,000,000? That the commerce of
the great northern lakes reaches every year the
enormous sum of $750,000,000? But I do not
agree with him that it is the iron interest alone
that needs protection. The various industrial
interests of the country depend upon each other.
When one is suffering depression, the others
sympathize with it, and thus the wrong becomes
common to all. On the other hand, when you
encourage one, you indirectly quicken all the
rest. In evidence of my statement that it is not
alone the iron interest that is asking for the pas-
sage of this bill, I cite the attention of the Sena-
tor to the fact that every Republican Senator
stands ready and anxious to put this measure on
its final passage, and to record their votes in its
favor. They would not do so did not their con-
stituents demand it at their hands in behalf of
their interests.
The Senator has read many letters to show
that the bill, as it comes from the House, is a
bad one—that no change is neccssary. Unfor-
tunately, all those letters, as £ understand them,
are the productions of foreign agents of foreign
manufacturers. I believe there were no Ameri-
cans among liis correspondents, save the custom-
house officers; and who has yet to learn that cus-
tom-house officials will make just such statements
as those in authority above them dictatc ? Sir, the
whole system of our revenue is in the hands of
foreigners—at the mercy of foreign capital, 1
might say. Fifteen years ago there were im-
porting merchants in our cities, men of capital
and experience, men of intelligence, who devoted
their entire energies to the business of commerce.
They sacrificed much to insure, not their own
prosperity solely, but the prosperity of our great
commcrcial cities, seaport or inland. Where are
they now? Driven into other pursuits, some of
them into hopeless bankruptcy, by a system
which permitted, and still permits, the agents of
foreign capital and pauper labor to operate fraud-
ulently upon our commercial interests. Let us
look at the system. The British manufacturer
sends his agent to New York; the agent estab-
lishes a commercial house, and gives another
name to the concern—his own, perhaps; to
this agent the British manufacturer furnishes the
goods to be sold in our markets, invoiced at a
price to suit himself. On that invoice the duty is
laid. The single articlc of steel occurs to my
mind just at this point. Will gentlemen believe
that the raw iron from which the steel is made
sells in the Liverpool market for a higher price
than the steel is invoiced for in the New "York
custom-house? Strange-as it may seem, indica-
tive of fraud as the transaction may appear on its
very face, such is the fact. The same is true of
all other articles of trade coming into our ports
to compete with American manufactures. Take
the article of cloth, mentioned by my colleague.
Formerly we got a large amount of it from Eng-
land, and we manufactured quantities at home.
But our home manufacturers have been driven
out of the business entirely, so that there is not
to-day a single manufacturer of broadcloth m the
United States. The largo factories erected to
carry on the business under the tariff of ]842
have been given over to other, and, in some
cases, baser purposes. Some ha^e gone into the
manufacture of carpet yarns; others have been
dismantled of their appliances, and turned to
some little account m other directions. We now
get nearly all our broadcloth from Germany,
where it is manufactuied in accordance with a
system something like this: A man has an es-
tablishment in which he has invested a large
capital. When he is about to make up an in-
voice, he goes to his clerks and workmen and
ascertains the amount of cost of the raw material
and the cost of the labor put upon it. He sums
up these items, and the total is the amount of the
invoice which enters the custom-house on our
shores with the goods. It comes here invoiced
to a partner, and is sold for two or three times
the invoice price. Take the article of horse-shoe
nails. In Germany, the country blacksmith is
the manufacturer. He goes to the country store-
keeper for his iron, takes it to his shop, and
makes it into nails, at three cents per pound.
He can make eight pounds per day, and on this
pittance of twenty-four cents he lives, supports
his family, and finds his own fuel. The nails
arc sent here invoiced at six cents a pound, and
sold at a price just low enough to command the
American market.
These, sir, arc but a few of the articles upon
which frauds arc committed against the revenue
laws, but they are fair samples of the working
of the system. One of the great benefits we shall
derive from the passage of the bill now before us,
will be the destruction of the system of false in-
voices and public warehouses, by which the for-
eign manufacturer is entitled to control our capi-
tal—that is, he sends goods here and stores them
in Government warehouses at no expense to
himself. There they are suffered to remain until
prices rule to suit his interest. In this way he
saves the interest on the duties, not paying them
until the goods are taken from the warehouses,
and is always ready to glut the market with the
surplus of unsaleable and unfashionable products
of Europe, whenever our own manufactures arc
prostrated by an alteration of our ever changing
revenue laws.
Among other things, the Senator from Virginia
produced a letter from some foreign importers of
iron in New York in opposition to this bill. Their
argument is based upon a faise^ statement, made
for their own purposes, by which they make it
appear that the duty, charges, and commissions
are an actual protection of fifty-three percent, to
the American manufacturer. An American states-
man should not go abroad for arguments to build
up a revenue system. The foreigner, coming
here only to make a fortune out of the depression
of our trado and business, to return home to enjoy
it, can have no sympathy with the prosperity of
our country, and ought not to be permitted to le-
gislate for us, nor, in fact, to exercise any control
whatever over our legislation. The statement
purports to be the cost of importing railroad and
common bar iron from Wales at the present time.
In opposition to that statement, I desire to present
another from one of the most intelligent iron mas-
ters in Pennsylvania, as thoroughly educated an
iron manufacturer, perhaps, as there is in the
world. He is, besides, a man of learning and
veracity, and is more extensively engaged in the
business at this time than any man in the coun-
try. His statement is in reply to a letter I ad-
dressed to him the other day, after the Senator
from Virginia had exhibited Iris statementfrom a
foreign importer in New York. He says:
"The object of presenting such a statement is palpable
on its lace. It is to make it appear that certain expenses
in the purchase of iron are peculiar to Importations fiorn.
foreign countries, from wlneh American iron is free;
also, m quoting the lowest priced common bars at the
period of greate&t depression in value, and at the high-
est rate of insurance and freight, with rxhorhitant com-
missions tor buying, shipping, and inspecting, and another
throw-in of bankers' commission and interest. (Why did
they not also add a charge for profit ?) Alt these items pro-
duce on a low value a high percentage, viz : 29J- pei cent.
This added to the 24 per cent, duty, the piesent taritF, he
argues, is 53 per cent, protection to the Ameiicun manu-
facturer.
"1 wish it were tiue that we American manufacturers
had none of these charges to pay; but let us see how we
stand in relation to the Welsh iron masters.
"The Welsh works can deliver rails and bars at Cardiff
at a cost of 5s. per ton—saySl 25. The shipping expenses,
which at Liverpool are 2s. 6d., are at Cardiff not exceed-
ing Is. per ton, or 25 cents, making a total on shipboaid of
50 per ton.
American Mills.
Danville to Philadelphia $3 75
fate Harbor to Philadelphia  2 00
Cambria to Philadelphia  5 00
Putt&ville to Philadelphia  2 00
Phomixville to Philadelphia  1 00
Scranton to New Yoik  3 75
Trenton to JVcw York  1 75
Mount Savage to Baltimore  3 00
8)22 25
Receiving
and shipping,
25 cent*.
25 "
25 "
25 «
25 «
25 "
25 "
25 u
8)2 00
25 cents.
Average  a 78
Making a total of ,$3 03 per ton on shipboard, or double
what it costs the Welsh masters.
Insurance and Freight? from Cardiff.
Per ton. Insurance.
To Northern and Eastern ports, 12s. a 20s. 1 per cent.
To Southern Atlantic ports.... 12s. a 22*. 2 to 1| per ct.
To Gulf poits.   8s. a 22s. 2£ to ly per ct.
Average freight and insurance, $3 75 1£ per cent.
Insurance and Freight from Philadelphia.
Freight. Insurance.
To Northern and Eastern ports.. $2" 50 1 per cent.
To Southern Atlantic poits  2 25 1 per cent.
To Gulf poits  4 00 to per ct.
Average freight and insurance... $2 75 per cent.
•American*
$3 00
2 75
14
Comparison.
Cardiff.
Expenses from mill to ship, $1 5u
Freights to ports of entry.. 3 '5
Primage on freights, 5 p. c., 19
Total  5 44 5 89
Insurance, H on $30  45; on $50, at 1 J- 62
Total average   $5 89 per ton. $6 51 p.ton.
Difference in favor of Cardiff 62 cents per Ion.
" The charges of commission for buying, shipping, and
inspecting, are only incurred when intermediate puities
