2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. THAYER. I will not be interrupted.
Mr. GOOCH. I say to my colleague, that 1
allowed him to interrupt me frequently during my
remarks on the polygamy bill a few days ago;
and yet he is not willing to give me the same
privilege.
.Mr. THAYER. If my colleague wishes to
interrupt me, I will allow him to do anything he
chooses. [Laughter.]
Mr. GOOCH. I thought my colleague would
not be as unjust as he intimated. I must express
some surprise at the reference my colleague has
made. If he had looked up his quotations to ex-
press surprise, instead of grief, it would have been
more to the purpose. I expressed no grief. I
simply expressed surprise.
Mr. THAYER. I have not looked up any
quotations. I happen generally to know what is
appropriate,withoutlookmgthem up. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say farther to my
colleague, whose grief and surprise I trust may
be for his spiritual and eternal good, that I will
give him another quotation to the same point:
il Such a fate as this was Dante's—
By defeat and exiie maddened;
Thus were Milton and Cervantes,
Nature's priests, and Corybantes,
By affliction touched and saddened
And again:
" Only those nre crowned and sainted
Who with grief havn been acquainted."
Now, sir, let us look for a moment at the argu-
ments which have been sought after to show that
Congressshould organize territorial governments.
I will now leave the region of the sensibilities, and
visit, for a time, the domain of the intellect—a
movement from what is sublime in feeling m my
opponents to what is ridiculous in reason. I
understand, Mr. Speaker, that those arguments
have all been made on a proposition to organize a
Territory which has no white men in it. There
is not a member of the Committee on Territories
who has spoken, or who will rise and say that
there are three hundred white men in the Terri-
tory of Chippewa.
Mr. GROW". Oh, yes, there are.
Mr. ALDRICH. If the gentleman will go
there, he will find a good many more than three
hundred white men there. The gentleman lives
so far off it is not to be wondered at that he
should make such a statement.
Mr. THAYER. I had it from the contesting
Delegate from Nebraska.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Territories if
there has been any petition signed by any man
within the limits of Chippewa Territory, in favor
of an organization of that Territory; and what
evidence they have that there are even one hun-
dred and eighty white men within its limits?
• Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not believe
there is one white man there.
Mr. GROW. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri what petitions there were from
Kansas and Nebraska, at the time those Terri-
tories were organized?
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, that is no argument.
One wrong does not justify another.
Mr. THAYER. Now, let me make one re-
mark to the gentleman from Iowa, who appealed
to tins House to afford protection to these infants
in the Territories 
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to correct his statement.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman did not allow
me.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 certainly did not refuse to
allow the gentleman to interrupt me, to correct
anything I might have said. If the gentleman ap-
pealed to me, and I did not yield to him, it was
because I did not hear him, and not from any
want of courtesy. Now, sir, I protest that I never
spoke of the people of the Territories as infants.
I spoke of them as men; and if I used the word
" infant" in that connection, it was to character-
ize the Territories as infant empires.
Mr. THA\ ER. I was not talking of the gen-
tleman's orthography or etymology. I was talk-
ing about his speech.
Air. CURTIS. I used no expression of the
kind.
Mr. THAYER. I was notquoting the gentle-
man in words: I was talking about his argument,
which was to show that the people of the Terri-
tories were wholly unable to take care of them-
selves, and that they must be afforded protection
by the General Government. What do they want
with our protection ? And if they do want it, what
protection would they get except a government
of brctken-down politicians, which the President
of the United States would send them ? They
have King Log now, they would have KingStork
then. Is a Governor a ten-ht>rse power to protect
the people ? So far from that, sir, he is as much
inferior to the hardy pioneer, in strength and char-
acter, as Lombardy poplar is to live oak. What
is there in such a Governor; what is there in such
a secretary; what is there in such marshals; what
is there in a whole force of territorial officers such
as would be sent there to protect the people ? De-
pend upon it, if they are protected at all they will
protect themselves; nobody else will protectthem;
and besides that, they must protect all these Gov-
ernment officials, if we send them. I ask who
are the men you would send there ? Men whom
the people have defeated at home. These are the
men usually sent to govern the Territories; these
are the governmental officials, under whatever
partyjunsdiction appointed :an<l they have usually
been worse to the people of the Territories than
the frogs and lice to the people of Egypt. [Laugh-
ter.]
But, sir, to carry the illustration further: here
the people are the sovereigns; these nuisances go
up into the chambers of the kings Why do they
go ? To fill their own pockets with the gold of the
General Government; to trade with the Indians;
to speculate in town lots; and often one of the
methods by which they accomplish their end is by
stirring up Indian wars. I have appealed to our
history to show that the people can govern them-
selves, and I might as well go on a little further
in the same direction. It docs happen that the
people of the State of Oregon wove,during the first
ten years of their history, without a territorial
government. Their first Governor,General Lane,
has said that the people of Oregon had not since
been under so good laws, so well enforced, as they
made for themselves, before the time when their
government received the sanction of Congress.
They had done everything that pertained to good
government. Still there are men who will stand up
lierc and say that without a territorial organiza-
tion by Congress the people would be ruined.
Now, sir, I tell you what is the object of
these territorial organizations. It is to make the
people believe that nothing on this continent can
be done without Congress. It is an attempt to
deify the politician at the expense of the people;
that is the whole of it. Sir, do you think that
this House of Representatives, that this Senate,
that this President, is the motive power of this
Government'1 If you do, let me assure you you
know but little about it. The motive power of this
Government is the people. The people at home
who attend to their own business and mind their
own matters; and the politicians here who pretend
that they themselves are the motive power, are
insignificant in comparison with the lly on the
axle-tree, who claimed ,that he made the coach
move. [Laughter.] That is the fact. Now, sir,
I am tired of these assumptions. I cannot endure
them. I contend that it is better to leave these
meij alone without our supervision, until then-
faults or weaknesses shall show that our interven-
tion alone can be their salvation.
I think now, Mr. Speaker, that I hare vindi-
cated the power of the people to govern them-
selves. I have shown it as it appears in our his-
tory. These people of Dakota are as well off
to-day as they would be if they had our territo-
rial officials over them. They have now no In-
dian wars. The Yanctons and the Sioux are all
quiet. But organize the Territory, and send out
your executive officials; and then, sir, these spec-
ulators will greatly desire an influx of Govern-
ment gold. There is no method so sure and so
convenient to produce that result as to stir up an
Indian war. It will be done, sir, to raise the price
of town lots. The Yanctons and Sioux will come
down on the white settlements; and we shall soon
hear of the terrible inroads of the savages. Then,
sir, a heart-rending appeal for protection. Then,
sir, a regiment of soldiers and a million dollars.
Then, sir, damages and pensions and war claims
to the end of time. They are better off to-day than
they can be with these Government speculators
turned loose upon them
Mr. GOOCH. I wish to ask my colleague
whether he recognizes the right of Congress to
interfere, if the people of a Territory should frame
institutions which, in its opinion, were improper,
and not in accordance with the theory and spirit
of this Government?
Mr. THAYER. Our fathers had a general rule
which they applied very frequently when ques-
tions were asked about what they would do in
certain contingencies, and that rule was that they
would answer any such questions when they
should arise in practice. That is a very good rule
for ine to act upon in this case.
Mr. GOOCH. Does not my colleague consider
that such a question may have arisen in the case
of Utah, and perhaps in the case of New Mexico ?
Mr. THAYER. No case has yet arisen in
practice. No evil has yet been consummated in
the Territories which the people there, by their
own local laws, are notabundantly able to remove.
Now, sir, I do not propose to have anything
to say concerning the negro in the bills which I
shall offer to the House. I am perfectly willing
that, for a time under this Government, the negro,
as well as the sovereignty of Congress, shall be
held in abeyance. Perhaps that is the reason
why some gentlemen arc surprised, and why they
grieve. It may be that, if my colleague were not
surprised at me, I should be very much surprised
at myself. You will remember in the beginning
of this session of Congress, that assurances were
given by many Republicans here, that this ques-
tion of slavery should not be introduced by them
during the present Congress. I, sir, was one of
the Republicans who repeatedly gave that assur-
ance to men whose votes were doubtful; and had
it not been for such assurance, you, to-day, Mr.
Speaker, would not be occupying the position of
presiding officer of this House. Sir, such an as-
surance was publicly given upon this floor by the
Republican candidate for Speaker, [Mr. Sher-
man,] and that assurance was quoted by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] in his defense
against the resolutions of the Maryland Legisla-
ture, that the Republicans would not introduce
the question of slavery into this House. I have
honestly observed my promise in reference to the
assurance which I gave men whose- votes were
doubtful on the question of the Speakership.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not propose, in the organi-
zation of these Territories, to agitate the country
with that question. There is no manner of need
of it. I have said before that the interests of
freedom do not demand it. I say now that the
interests of slavery do not demarm it. What do
the fanatics in both sections of this country want?
They know that the whole country is tired of the
question. If the whole country could respond
to-day as one man, they would say so. Have
we nothing else to look after in this country but
the slavery question? Is there nothing here but
''northern aggression" and "southern aggres-
sion?" Are ail the glorious achievements in our
history forgotten? Are all the momentous inter-
ests of our present condition of no importance?
But, sir, these fanatics, both in the North and in
the South, know nothing, see nothing, care for
nothing, but the negro question.
Above us is the broad expanse of heaven, filled
with glowing constellations:
4£In reason's earthey all rejoice,
And utter forth a glouous voice."
There is " Arcturus with his sons," and Orion
f'and the Pleiades; hut we have a set of one-idea
men in the North, who can sec nothing m the
whole canopy, save the " Twins;" and another
set of cognate fanatics in the South, who can see
nothing but the " Bear circling the Pole." Poor
men ! They sit up nights—the one class to see
that the " Bear" does not devour the " Twins,"
and the other class to see that the " Twins" do
not set some trap for the " Bear." A fine help
are these haggard night-watchcrs to the great Eter-
nal! Their " eternal vigilance," no doubt, pre-
vents a collision of the planets. How thankful
weshould be that such self-sacrifi^-1"*heroes still
live. We all know well enough what might iiap-
pen, if even one little world should be jostled out
of place. *
£tLet but one planet trom it? oib b.; hurled,
Planets and suns rush lawless through the woild.'*
There was one man, Newton, who compre-
hended all these constellations and the laws which
govern them. He weighed worlds. He gave to
