110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
and may Heaven deliver us from sucli keepers
of our great seal!
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland whether he is not in favor of the ma-
jority of the people of this Union ruling, so long
as they rule with a proper respect for the rights
of the minority ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I am in favor
of the majority ruling, under the limitations and
forms prescribed by the Constitution.
Mr. KILGORE. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Recollectthat
in our Confederacy, the little State of Delaware
—I speak of her as a small but respectable State—
[laughter,] is on an equality with the State of
New York, in the Senate of the United States,
under the Constitution. I am opposed, unalter-
ably, to a majority of absolute numbers control-
ling this Confederacy in any manner, except in the
mode pointed out in the compact of Union. This
is a Confederacy, not a consolidated empire. The
State of Delaware, the State of New Jersey, and
the State of Rhode Island occupy the same proud
position, as sister States in this Confederacy, as
does the great Empire State of New York, and
will occupy that relation so long a« we can keep
the Government within constitutional limits But
if you start out on this wild ocean of an irrespon-
sible majority, "irrepressibleconflict,"trenching
on the rights of the States, cleaving down the lim-
itations of the Constitution, then we have a des-
potism. No, sir, the great discovery made by
our forefathers was, that they had arranged a
Government of constitutional limitations. There
is the veto power given to the President—that is
a conservative power. So, also, the power which
the minority holds in this House—the position
now occupied by the Democratic party, if you
please—is a conservative attribute. Now, when-
ever the time comes that you men of the North,
with your allies, set aside the constitutional lim-
itations, for the purpose of making war upon the
South and her institutions, you pull down this
great temple of constitutional liberty on your own
heads. Then you yourselves will have no con-
stitutional Government, but a wild majority, reck-
lessly and uncontrollably setting aside the rights
of the States and the people, making war upon
the Supreme Court, and upon every institution
that comes 111 conflict with their grasping domina-
tion. We thought our forefathers had found out
a system of checks, limitations, lestraints, and
balances against such an illimitable and irrespons-
ible majority.
Mr. 'KILGORE. I presume the gentleman
from Maryland has been a Democrat all lus life.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Yes.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 ask him if he sustained
General Jackson m Ins war on the Constitution,
and in his declaration that the Supreme Court
would not make decisions to hind hts conscience
in regard to the bank ol the United States;
Ml. STEWART, of Maryland. 1 conceive
that the question put by the gentleman from Indi-
ana has no application to the question which I am
now discussing. That gentleman decides, and I
decide, on all constitutional questions coming
within our jurisdiction for our own representative
action. General Jackson, as the head of the Dem-
ocratic party and Government, decided for him-
self. I now put this question to the gentleman:
When the Supreme Couit has decided a question
legally and constitutionally coming befoie it, does
he recognize that decision as binding'' 1 should
like to have an answer. Now, the Supreme Court
of the United States has decided in the Dred Scott
case that the people of the South can go into the
common Territories wit h tin ir pr< >perty—their ne-
groes—-just as the people of the North can go with
their horses, their cattle, and their looms; and the
court adjudged that the Missouri compromise
was unconstitutional, because it was m conlhct
with the rights of the South. Wil. the gentleman
stand up to that decision?
Mr. KILGORE. I have stah d. and I do not
wish to be misunderstood, tha. w in n ihe Supreme
Court travels out of it* legitimate sphere for the
purpose of pronouncing a political opinion on
questions not presented for their consideration, I
have no regard for it.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Thtn you
undertake to decide for yourself.
Mr. KILGORE. I undertake to decide that
the Supreme Court, In that case, traveled out of
the record, for the purpose of pronouncing a po-
litical opinion not involved in the issue presented
to them.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Who prop-
erly is to decide that question ?
Mr. KILGORE. f am, myself.
Mr. STEWART, ofMaiyland. Exactly; but
do you decide in a representative capacity, or as
an individual? If you undertake to decide as an
individual, and differ with the Supreme Court and
its authority, then you would be in opposition to
the constitutional authorities of the Government.
Such a principle is at war with the orderly acts
and authority of this Government, because it is
the Supreme Court that has the right to decide
these questions when they are appropriately be-
fore it. If their decisions are not binding on all
coordinate departments of the Government, in
cases which they adjudge properly before them,
then wc are without any acknowledged or com-
petent judicial authority. I hold that the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States is con-
trolling and binding. In the Dred Scott case, the
Supreme Court decided that the people of the
South, as well as the people of the North, have
equal constitutional rights in the Territories; and
it is not m the power of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, or any department of the Government,
to control these great constitutional rights.
Mr. KILGORE. Let me again ask the gen-
tleman whether that question was legitimately be-
fore the Supreme Court, and whether the only
question for their adjudication was not whether
Dred Scott was a citizen of the United States or
not, under the provisions of the Constitution?
And, if that was the only question, let me ask him
whether it was not an extra-judicial opinion,and
one that should have no binding force upon any
one?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I will say to
the gentleman from Indiana that 1 think the ques-
tion came legitimately before the Supreme Court.
I think that, in tin1 Dred Scott case, the very ques-
tion came up as to the power of the Congress of
the United States to prescribe terms in such cases
in relation to the occupying of the Territories. I
look upon it as having been legitimately decided.
But, outside of the decision of the Supreme
Court—which 1 conceive was only an affirmation
of the constitutional rights of the South—1 should
like to know upon what piinciple the gentlemen
of a dominant, irresponsible majority can under-
take to say to the men of the South, after terri-
tory has been acquired by the common blood and
the common treasure, that the people of the South
have not the same equal rights in the Territories
as the people of the North. I say that it is against
common justice, against common decency, and
against common right, to maintain such a position.
Now, if the object of gentlemen at the North is
to curtail slavery, where will they find the ground
on which to stand5 If they keep up their organ-
ization, when all these questions m relation to
the Territories are settled, instead of being a free-
soil party, they will certainly become an anti-sla-
very party, to all intents and purposes; they will
make war in fact upon the South, and upon her
domestic institutions.
I read the other day the correspondence be-
tween Governor Wise and the President m rela-
tion to the recent onslaught on the sovereign
State of Virginia. Governor Wise thought that,
under that provision of the Constitution of the
United States, which guaranties to every State
protection from invasion and from internal strife,
it was the duty of the President of the United
States, when the Executive ofthe Commonwealth
of Virginia gave him notice that he apprehended
an invasion, to intervene and to protect, if neces-
sary, by ail the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment, the State of Virginia from that apprehended
invasion. The President says that he has not the
power, that there is no act of Congress conferring
it upon linn, and he maintains that the act of 1793,
nor the act of 1807, did not clothe hnn with it.
Now, if the interpretation of the President bo cor-
rect, and lie has no such authority, legislation is
needed. Are our frauds from the dilfcrent sec-
tions m this House and in the other wing of the
Capitol prepared to clothe the Executive with
proper authority to protect the various States
North, South, East, and West, agnnst such in-
vasions, or combinations, if you choose to call
them so ? Suppose that it is not done; and Gov-
ernor Wise, in pursuance of what he considers to
be his duty, finding men violating the laws and
peace of Virginia, undertakes to pursue them
flagrante hello, and they flee into the State of Ohio,
must there not be a collision between these two
States, unless there is an exercise of this consti-
tutional power of the Government ? When Com-
modore Paulding made his demonstration^ n the
soil of Nicaragua, a Government with which we
were at peace, and captured Walker there, gen-
tlemen on the other side said that he did right,
and some of them undertook to compliment him
for it. Well, will they carry out that principle?
Governor Wise found John Brown and his con-
federates upon the soil of Virginia, with arms and
ammunition and all the elements of warfare. Sup-
pose they had escaped into Ohio, the re is nothing
m the Constitution or in the comity of nations,
according to your understanding, that would havo
prevented him from pursuing them there; but,
had he done so, it would have brought on a col-
lision beiween those two States. And I appeal to
gentlemen in this crisis, when the country is ex-
cited North, South, East, and West, when you
find Virginia in a state of military defense, and, no
, doubt, when the Legislature of Maryland meets,
they will put the military defenses of that State
also on a proper basis, as will all the southern
States—I appeal to gentlemen, if not by suitable
legislation, at h ast by the power of public opin-
ion, to prevent these onslaughts upon the South.
These are the views and considerations, Mr.
Clerk, entering into our discussions here, that
should govern and animate us, before the organ-
ization of the House, if you please, in undertak-
ing to determine what is the proper action that the
Representatives of this great Confederacy should
adopt in our proceedings on this occasion, in the
organization of this House. 1 think if we con-
duet ourselves with decoium,os I have no doubt
every gentleman will, if these matters arc dis-
cussed with fairness and courtesy, wc may come
to a proper understanding. We are all of us, I
apprehend, friends ofthe Union and of this great
Government in its individuality and in its com-
bined action. Let us all, from every section,
take counsel together as high-toned patriots. I
would say to the RepiVsi ntatives on the other
side, if they are the friends of the Union, why do
they press their present candidate ? If gentlemen
ofthe North nie, i*s they claim to be, Union-lov-
ing and conservative, why do they present as their
organ, as their candidate, as the index of their
sentiments, a gentleman who is obnoxious and
offensive in his public conduct, if you please, to
gentlemen from the South3 The Speaker of this
House occupies an honorable position; he is the
third officer under the Government; lie txorciws
a controlling influence over nur deliberations, m
the appointment of committees, &c. I say, then,
to gentlemen on the other side who profess to bo
Union men, since yout standard be.uei has been
so unfortunate as to have indorsed this oituisivo
publication, why press him upon the House?
Can you carry him through ? N<>,^irs; I tell you,
according to my estimate, that this House never
will be organized with that Representative as your
standard bearer. I do not think it can be done.
AVe men of the South cannot sanction it. I speak,
of course, of legitimate means of opposition. I
say that he cannot be elected. In the various
votes which ha\e been taken, what aehentitious
jbrte have you been able to obtain ? You havo
tried all appliances, f presume; you hove endear -
ored to exercise all the miluence which you could
command; and yet you are m a minority. Per-
haps you expect to get the plurality rule. Now,
I believe that any man who would vote for the
plurality rule, would, if the question were be-
tween Socock and Sherman, vote for Siiermax.
, I respond to the sentiment expressed by the dis-
: tingmshed gentleman fromTexas, [Mr. Reagan.]
If gentlemen intend to support Sherman, let them
„ do it without the plurality rule. Well, even with
I the aid of the plurality rule, can you eh et an ex-
| tremist—a politician who is implicated with this
■ Helper book ? Can you expect to force him upon
; this House ? 1 apprehend that it cannot be done.
! The North will wake up, and ask what is the dif-
i ficulty. Herewasanmfamouspublicauon,utterly
I atrocious in its character, indorsed and recom-
| mended by the candidate of the Republican party.
1 Will the North take and admit his explanation?
{ If they do, others will not. I think that that
