1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2075
mortals the grandest law of the physical universe.
He could see the whole ethereal expanse, and
contemplate it, andscrutinize its movements, and
almost fathom its mysteries. But Pope says, of
that Titanic intellectual prodigy:
" Superior beings, when of late they saw
A mortal man unfold all nature's law,
Admired such wisdom in the human shape,
And showed a Newton as we show an ape."
If, sir, "superior beings" saw a Newton as an
ape, by what multiplication of microscopic power
could they see at all a little dwarfed politician, who
himself can see but one constellation, or at most
two, in the whole handiwork of Jehovah, and
these two the '' Bear "and the '' Twins ?'' [Great
laughter.]
Let me say to the gentlemen from the South
who are sensitive on this question of slavery, that
a sublimer faith would become great men. Those
men especially who say that slavery is of Divine
origin. Why, Mr. Speaker, who is the author of
Divine institutions? " It is He who sitteth upon
the circuit of the heavens, and before Him all the
inhabitants of the earth are as grasshoppers."
If then, He has established certain relations be-
tween grasshoppers of one color and grasshop-
pers of another color, be assured those relations
will stand any and all tests. "Who can overthrow
them? Can the North? [Great laughter.] Is
my colleague going to do it? I think not; for
these things which have the superintendence and
approval of Almighty God are above even these
giants who contend against the right of the peo-
ple to govern themselves. The Titans even could
not dethrone Jupiter.
The appeal is made to us from every reason of
philanthropy, from every sentiment of pity, that
those" poor people" in the Territories may not be
allowed to govern themselves, for the reason that
they cannot pay their own expenses. Well, sir,
if they'cannot do it, is it not as easy for us to ap-
propriate money to govern the land districts, or
to aid them in governing themselves, as it is to
appropriate money to pay the officials which the
Executive shall send out? What man can doubt
that? If they are in such'a strait as to want as-
sistance in their government, who is here so base
as to refuse to give it? There is no party here,
there has been no party in this country, but what
would listen to the appeals of these people, com-
ing with this plea of poverty that they were un-
able to meet the legitimate expenses of their gov-
ernment. They would have an appropriation;
and one half of the ordinary appropriation would
be better for them, paid to their own citizens,
whom they would elect to these offices, than the
•whole appropriation paid to Federal officials, who
go out to the Territories only for a temporary res-
idence, and who return with the profits of their
proconsulship to settle in Fifth avenue, or in some
of the eastern cities. Under this mode of allow-
ing the people to govern themselves, they will
select their own fellow-citizens, residents in the
eame Territory; and these officers will receive
their salaries, not to be transported to eastern
cities to be spent in luxury; but, sir, to be used
in building up the young Territories and the future
States wliich shall be made within their limits.
Mr. Speaker,another objection of my colleague
is, that there can be no law except mob law among
these people in the Territories. I have shown that
in our earliest colonies, without the advantage
of former experience in self-government, the peo-
ple have made models of government for them-
selves. I have shown that the people of Or-
egon have made model institutions without the
advice or sanction of Congress. My colleague
says that nothing but mob law can exist, except
where this omniscient Legislature shall show the
world some nobler achievements. Mob law, made
by infants, and I suppose carried out by infants!
No, sir; mob law made by sensible men, your
equals and mine, from your State and from mine;
everv one of them abundantly able to draw up a
bill of rights or a constitution. And these are the
men who know .nothing but mob law, and this
Congress should exercise its all-wise influence to
restrain them from self-dfestruction, from annihi-
lation! Is it possible, sir, that in this age of the
world, there is any man so big a fool as tq sup-
pose that Anglo-Saxons have not in themselves
the elements of self-preservation? If there is, sir,
he ought to be schooled a while longer by his
mother and by his nurse. I contend, sir, tl'at
Anglo-Saxons, wherever you find them, have the
elements of self-government and the elements of
self-preservation. Put them down where you
please, in small numbers or in great numbers,
familiar friends, or strangers to each other, and
they will institute a perfecteode of laws, and they
will enforce them. Personal rights, rights of
property, all rights, will be protected under those
laws.
Now, sir, this is a scheme to deify politicians,
and tliat.is why it is fought for. What will the
politicians do, these men ask, when it is seen all
.over the country that the people can do without
them, and without their supervision and parental
care in Congress? "Othello's occupation" will
be gone, and especially the occupation of such
Othellos as have their all invested in Wilmot pro-
visoes or congressional intervention in some shape.
What can they do when the people shall have
said, as they will say, that no provisoes are ne-
cessary, and no congressional intervention con-
sistentwith the principlesand policy of this Gov-
ernment. I take the stand that any such proviso
or any such intervention is in direct antagonism
to the Declaration of Independence, which says
that " all governments derive their just powers
from the consent-of the governed." Is that the
kind of government which this Congress of the
UmtedStates, without one word of authority from
the people, imposes; to tell them h ow they shall act
and what they shall do in the Territories? Do
you claim, Mr. Speaker, that you have a right to
say that a man in Washington Territory, whose
wife is dead, shall not have the right to marry
his former wife's sister? Do you pretend to say
at what time they shall dig clams in Washington
Territory? [Laughter.] Who pretends to say-
that it is the business of Congress to go into all
these minuticc; to direct every movement, control
every wish, shape every expression of the will of
the people of the Territories of the United States?
Whoever pretends to say so, is not entitled to
have much influence among American citizens.
Mr. GOOCH. I wish merely to say to my
colleague that it seems to me he is fighting a prop-
osition which nobody ever did assume. Nobody
has assumed such a proposition here to-day, as
that Congress could do anything of that kind: but
merely that we should give a helping hand to the
people, in organizing their local government,which
may do these things.
Mr. THAYER. I perfectly well understand
all that. It is to give a' helping hand to the poli-
ticians, not to the people; that is what my col-
league wants. He is afraid I will lose my place
in this House for not lending a helping hand. I
do not fear any such thing, so long as I adhere
to what I can defend by good logic. I do not fear
to go before the people of any part of the country
with this as my thesis; that the people aie su-
preme in this Government, and that they have the
right to govern themselves.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to ask my colleague
whether he means to say that I have ever inti-
mated any such thing as he suggests?
Mr. THAYER. What?
Mr. GOOCH. That I was afraid you would
lose your place here on account of your position
on this or any other question?
Mr. THAYER. I supposed that, on account
of your abundant sympathy, that was the case.
Mr. GOOCH. When the gentleman cannot
find something that exists to fight, he fights some-
thing that does not exist.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman wishes me
to come directly to the point, I will do so. He
says Congress has the power to govern the peo-
ple; and he complains because 1 said that Con-
gress might exercise that power by telling the
people of a country when they were to dig clams,
and wlffcn not; and might exercise it by saying
whether a man might marry his former wife's
sister or not. Now, I ask my colleague if he de-
nies that Congress has the power to say both these
things ?
Mr. GOOCH. What I say m regard to the
matter is this: that it is the duty of Congress mere-
ly to assist these people in organizing a territorial
government; not to dictate to them theirmeasures
of legislation, only so far as that they shall not
legislate m such a way as would be against the
best interests of the people of the Territory and the
whole country. ,
What I mean to say, still further, is, that
if a Territorial Legislature shall pass any law
which, in the judgment of Congress, shall be con-
trary to the policy or theory of our Government,
or which in the end would place this Territory in
such a condition that it would not be a proper
subject to be received into the Union on an equal-
ity with the other States, then it is the duty of
Congress to interfere and prohibit or repeal such
law 
Mr. THAYER. I think my colleague has gone
on far enough.
Mr, GOOCH. Then I will sit down. . .
Mr. THAYER. That is right I would like
.to know what kind of philosophy it is thatmy col-
league 's views are based u pon. Is it the philosophy
of persecution and proscription, or is it the phi-
losophy of Christianity? Does he suppose, when
the people of a Territory are determined to act in
a certain way, and to exercise certain rights, that
by legislating here to the contrary, he can prevent
their acting in that certain way, and exercising
those certain rights ? Is he of the opinion that he
is going to convert these men to what he considers
right, by .force? Is that his idea? Does he-ex-
pect that if they love slavery and hate freedom he
is going to make them good Christians and good
freedom-men by legislating that they never shall
have slaves? Would he propose, in respect to
christianizing Hindostan, that the best method
for the missionary societies would be to send over
and steal their idols ? Would he make them Chris-
tians any sooner by legislating in Massachusetts
or here in the Federal Government against idol
worship in Hindostan? No, sir; that is entirely
a wrong philosophy. You cannot legislate re-
ligioner temperance,or Christianity, or heaven,
into any people under the sun. No, sir; this
must be accomplished by other means. Converts
are not made, especially in this country, by force.
But, sir, it seems to be the cherished opinion of
some that there is no other way of making con-
verts to anything good except by legislation.
Now, I have a philosophy about government,
and the duties of government, which cannot by
any possibility accord with the views expressed
by my colleague. The propositions that I make
as comprehending that whole philosophy, are
very simple, and are only two in number. These
are: first, that the first duty of the Government is
.to let the people alone; and, second, that its sec-
ond duty is to prevent my colleague, or anybody
else, from interfering with them. [Laughter.] _
Now, sir, if they are unable to work out their
own salvation, it is putting very great burdens,
Mr. Speaker,on you and me, to work out the sal-
vation of all the people of this country. You and
I might be the only men who understand in what
line and in what direction this great salvation lies.
IIow shall we accomplish it with the perverse
wills of the whole nation against us?
Now, I will state to you what is the radical
and distinctive difference between parties in this
country; and there can be traced to this radical
distinction every measure which occasions any
conflict in this House or in the country. That
radical distinction is this: faith in the people, and
110 faith in the people. It so happens, and it
wisely happens, that no party will ever control,
or has ever controlled this Government, but what
either exercises this faith in the people, orma'kes
the people believe that it exercises it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, sir, I challenge any man to controvert
that maxim. It has not been done here, and it
cannot be done here. I will meet, now or at any
time, any man on these radical propositions of
government, which I now enunciate. If my -col-
league wishes now to make any explanation of hia
views, I will listen to liim. [Laughter.]
Mr. GOOCH. I have as much belief m the
ability of the people to govern themselves as my
colleague or any other man has; but, sir, when I
look to our Territories, I say that those Terri-
tories belong to the people of the whole country;
that in those Territories every individual in the
country has an interest; and I believe that no ten
men, or twenty men, or one hundred men, from the
United States, or from any foreign country, have
a right to go there and build up precisely such
institutions as they please; to organize,-if they
choose, a monarchical form of government, and
build up institutions which shall make the States
to be formed out of those Territories unfit ever
to be taken into the Union.
