1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
pamphlet of Helper will stick to the Republican
party for all time, if they persist in supporting
Mr. Sherman, who has indorsed it.
I ask gentlemen of the other side to look at the
elements of which this House is composed. We
ask the other side to present a man who is true to
the Union and uncontaminated. If they are not
extiemists, wc ask them, in reference to the pro-
ceedings in the future in this House, in order,
sir, that we may progress harmoniously, we re-
spectfully submit to them whether it would not
be more proper for them to present as their can-
didate some gentleman who is not obnoxious to
the charge of an indorsement of such an atrocious
pamphlet.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the gentleman
from Maryland whether, if the positions were
reversed, and the other side of the House had pre-
sented a candidate who had been denounced from
this side as utterly unworthy of the House and
the country, and that side were appealed to to
abandon him, and thereby confess the condemna-
tion just, they would do it?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Wc have
some eighty-eight or ninety members upon this
side of the House. We have met, and nominated
Mr. Bocock, a national Democrat. If there is
any man upon this side of the House, just as
sound as Mr. Bocock, more acceptable to the
other side of the House, I have no doubt that
there is nationality enough 011 this side, magna-
nimity enough, to gratify them in the election of
such a gentleman to the Speakership of this
House
Mr. STANTON. We have made no assault
upon Mr. Bocock.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. If you can
find any gentleman from the South who has ever
signed a document so atrocious in its character as
the Helper pamphlet; if you will show that Mr.
Bocock has done so, then wc will withdraw lam,
and censure anv man who has done so. That is
our attitude. If anything can be shown in the
public service of Mr. Bococic,in violation of our
position, where he has ever said anything so of-
fensive as that which is contained in the Helper
book, then we should like to hear it, and will
condemn it 
Mr. KILGORE. Does the gentleman know
how their candidate stands in relation to the ele-
vation of Mr. Seward to the Presidency ? Would
he consider that Mr. Seward's election would, of
itself, be sufficient cause for the dissolution of the
Union? If the gentleman is not authorized to
answer, I would like to hear from Mr. Bocock
himself.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Your candi-
date has refused to respond to interrogatories. 1
do hot undertake to speak for Mr. Bocock. I do
not know exactly what are his views upon those
subjects, and do not much care. I am satisfied
that he is a national Democrat, and would make
us an accomplished officer. But I am not, as I
have stated, his organ to answer interrogatories
for him. That is a matter for himself. If the
, candidate of the Republicans upon the other side
will submit himself to be catechised, there would
then have been a propriety in putting interroga-
tories to the Democratic candidate.
Mr. KILGORE. Perhaps, if the gentleman
answers my questions satisfactorily, I may vote
for his candidate. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. If I can find
out what sort of programme will satisfy the gen-
tleman, I would be glad to gratify him in any
reasonable way 
Mr. KTLGORE. Here are the questions I
would like to have answered:
1. If Mr. Seward should be elected President,
pursuant to the forms of law and the Constitu-
tion, would the fact of such election be any or
sufficient reason for opposing the inauguration of
his Administration, or for a dissolution of the
Union of the States ?
2. Are you, or is your candidate for Speaker,
for or against reopening the African slave trade >
3. Are you, or is he, 111 favor of congressional
legislation for the protection of slavery 111 the Ter-
ritories, in case of the refusal of the Territorial
Legislature to pass such laws?
4. Are yon, or is he, in favor of popular sover-
eignty to the extent of allowing the people of a
Territory, during their territorial existence, to
admit or exclude slavery therefrom ?
If these questions arc answered satisfactorily by
the Democratic candidate, I should not hesitate to
say that such a candidate is competent for the
Speakership.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Those ques-
tions are not only propounded to my candidate
but to myself. I am ready to answer for myself.
Mr. KILGORE. Let me have the gentleman's
answer, if I cannot get his candidate s.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I may say of
Mr. Bocock, as Mr. Sherman said of himself,
that he stands upon his rccord which is spread
before the country. If the gentleman will say
that his candidate will put himself forward to be
catechised, I have no doubt that Mr. Bocock: will
not shrink from the responsibility of expressing
whatever opinions he may entertain.
Mr. KILGORE. If my candidate will not an-
swer, I will undertake the responsibility of doing
so for him
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland Better answer
for himself. It is very evident, considering the
time which has elapsed since this House met, and
the discussion which has been going on here, that
the other side cannot organize this House upon
the candidate they have now before us. It can-
not be done. I do not sfcite this in any spirit of
defiance. I state it as a probable calculation.
Bocock gets so many votes, Sherman so many;
and then there are so many scattering. They
cannot command those scattering votes. I do not,
and will not, believe until I see it, that they can
command a majority in favor of the plurality rule
to allow any to dodge responsibility. We cannot
do much before the holidays, even if we organize.
I was here in 1855 when the contest took place
on the election for the Speaker. That contest
lasted more than seven weeks. Suppose this
House never organizes,where is the responsibility ?
You told the people that you were coming up here
to elect a_ Speaker, and organize this Roust;. You
have not done that, sir, nor. m my judgment, can
you with Mr. Sherman as your candidate, or
indeed with anybody 111 the same category.
Suppose the House does not organize, who is
to be held responsible ? You will say that the
Administration party is in power, and that with-
out an organization of this House they cannot
carry 011 this Government. Very well. Here
are sovereign States, and you cannot thus bring
this Government to an end. When I speak of
the Government I speak of her in all her essence
and modifications—of State governments and a
Federal Government—of a government of pri-
mary and of delegated powers. You cannot, by
non-organization on the part of this House, break
up this'Government, although it is revolutionary;
and the people will so understand it. Wait until
you hear what your sovereigns say. Let our can-
didates undergo the ordeal, and let the great body
of the people of the States in this Confederacy
answer upon whom the responsibility rests. When
the peojjle of the North understand that the Re-
publican party have presented a candidate with
such a record; when they see his indorsement of
that infamous publication; you will comprehend
how far that law-loving people, par excellence,
will sustain you 111 pressing such a candidate
under all the circumstances. I am content. Iiep-
resent a constituency loyal to tins Union; but to
the Union under the Constitution. Wcdonotgo
for your irresponsible majorities; we do not go
for any of your new-fangled and transcendental
notions; we take the Government as it was founded
by our revolutionary forefathers, and when you
strike down the institution of slavery, you will
have cloven down alike all constitutional guaran-
tees. What but revolution can you expect from
the South under such circumstances ? Do you
suppose this Government is to exist in perpetuity
unless you maintain the Constitution in all its j
vigor and integrity ? Look at the history, sacred j
and profane, of all despotic or republican Govern- i
ments. Where is Babylon; where is Nineveh; ;
where are Sodom and Gomorrah? Gone, gone, i
The profoundest antiquarian cannot tell exactly j
where they stood. And why have they been blot- '
ted out from the roll of flourishing cities? Was '
it not because they were reckless of all moral ob- [
ligations and legal restraints imposed upon them?
And shall we escape the same awful doom if we
violate the principles, the spirit of the constitu-
tional limitations imposed upon us by the great !
compact formed by our forefathers? What new |
discovery did our forefathers make which will
enable us to achieve more success or greater per-
petuity than did those ancient republics, if we are
reckless of constitutional restraints ?
I wish it, therefore, understood that I go for the
Union under the Constitution, and without the
Constitution there can be no Union; and that, in
the election of Speaker of this House, I want its
candidate to be a national man, a statesman who
will recognize all sections, North, South, East,
and West.
I shall stand up here, to the best of my ability,
in defense of the rights of my constituents, ac-
cording to the views I entertain, and shall oppose
the plurality rule, and all attempts made to organ-
ize this House by putting in power, with his ob-
noxious implications, the candidate of a sectional
party, which makes war upon the settled and con-
servative institutions of the country. Let this de-
bate go on or stop now, I shall never consent to
the plurality rule in order to organize this House;
and I trust m God that this House and great Con-
federacy may be spared the calamity of witness-
ing the inauguration of schemes here under such
influences and such a programme of sectional
policy as now startles the country, and will, if not
checked, cause every column in our great temple
of constitutional liberty to totter to its very foun-
dation.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Clerk, I rise to a personal
explanation, and, in order to be as brief as possible,
I have committed what I desire to say to writing.
It was not my intention to take part in any de-
bate which might arise upon this floor previous
to the organization of the House, and I would
not do so now, were it not for a grossly libelous
attack upon me in the home organ of the Presi-
dent on Saturday last. It is not my custom, upon
this floor or away from it, to notice little things,
but, as rumor has accorded to the President and
his Attorney General Black the editorial manage-
ment of the Constitution, concealing themselves
by the temporary employment of a hireling writer
named Browne—not a relative of Ossawatomie
Brown, for, though a madman, a fanatic, and a
traitor, yet he was a truthful and a brave man, I
feel that the high authority which supervised and
justified the attack made, in the article to which
1 have alluded upon the eight anti-Lecompton
Democrats of this House, including myself, war-
rants me in noticingit at this time and in this place.
Itis unnecessary for me to allude to the character
of President Buchanan or Attorney General Black,
as their character is well known to the country; but
let me say in relation to this man Browne, who is,
I am informed, an alien originally from England,
but lately imported into this city by Mr. Buch-
anan to grind the music from his dolorous organ,
that he was previously employed as a penny-a-
liner in the city of New York upon the Journal
of Commerce, a newspaper started by Lewis Tap-
pan and the original Abolitionists, and which was
persuaded to support this Administration, by its
patronage and the patronage lavished upon it by
the merchants who arc engaged in the southern
trade. During the campaign of 1858, he was in-
duced, as 1 have reason to believe, by a promi-
nent United States official in the city of New
York, to take the stump in opposition to my re-
election, and I well recollect that he made a speech
in the town of Morrisania, which was reported
in extenso in one of the New York Administration
organs, and the effect of which was to assist to
give me two hundred and four majority in that
town, an old Democratic town, which regularly
gives a majority to any reputable candidate, stand-
ing upon the Democratic platform. I aril confi-
dent, sir, that, if he had spoken of the other towns
of Westchester county, the result would have
been ail increased majority for me in each and
all of them. It is a fact, recognized throughout
the country, that whilst this paper, the Consti-
tution, is the home organ of the President, the
New York Herald is &lr. Buchanan's personal
exponent.
For the Herald, I can say that, as a newspaper,
it has been conducted with an amount of energy
and ability which may easily be appreciated by
all the members of this House, if they will call to
mind the fact that since the Clerk called the roll,
the foreshadowings of the Herald as to the policy
to be pursued by Administration members Iiave
been strictly accurate. It was that paper that in -
troduced to the notice of the House and country
