1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
son, in his annual message of November, 1808,
said:
" Under the acts of March 10 and April 23, respecting
arms, the difficulty of procuring them from abroad during
the present situation and disposition of Europe, induced us
to direct our whole efforts to the means of internal «upp!y.
The public factories have, therefore, been enlarged, addi-
tional machinery erected, and in proportion as artificers
can be found or formed, their effefct, already more than
doubled, may be increased so as to keep pace with the yearly
increase of the militia
And yet, sir, so far from carrying out the pur-
pose for which your public factories, if not estab-
lished, were at leastenlarged,and even then more
than doubled, Congress has permitted them to be
used almost wholly to supply the demands of the
regular Array; and the annual appropriation, in-
stead of being made to keep pace with the yearly
increase of the militia, remains now in this, the
fifty-second year from the date of the act, still at
the §200,000 at which it was first established.
Sir, Congress has been utterly, derelict in its
duty, and m every particular, in regard to the
militia; and, by your neglect, you have forced
the States to organize and discipline, and now, at
last, to appropriate money out of their own treas-
uries for the purchase of arms. Virginia has done
it; and Maryland, the other day, appropriated
$70,000 for that purpose. I repeat, that this is un-
just, burdensome, and oppressive. But if you will
abdicate your power and your duty in this partic-
ular, at least give your consent—and the Consti-
tution provides for it—that each State may " keep
troops and slups-of-war in time of peace," and
thus may participate, to some extent, at least, in
this the highest exercise of sovereigntyJcnown to
independent States.
I have moved, sir, to reconsider the vote re-
ferring the bill before the House to the Commit-
tee on the Militia; but, if the chairman of that
committee desires that it should remain where
it is, I will not insist; and, trusting that it will be
speedily reported back and passed, I will withdraw
the motion to reconsider. Otherwise, I would
prefer that this bill, inasmuch as it provides for
an appropriation of money, and must, therefore,
under the rule, go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, should be referred to
that committee at once.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
gentleman will have leave to withdraw the motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insist upon it, if
iia objection is made.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which this bill
was referred to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Militia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has withdrawn his motion to reconsider, and the
bill stands referred to that committee already.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received,
through Mr. Hickey, its Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution suspending the operation of the fifth sec-
tion of the "Act making appropriations to defray
the deficiencies for the scrvice of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1850; and in part for the service, of the
Post Office Department for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861;" being the section relating to
printing.
Also, that the President had approved the fol-
lowing- Senate bills, &c.:
A resolution giving the consent of Congress
to Captain William B. Shubriek to accept a sword
presented to him by Captain General and Pres-
ident Urquiza, of the Argentine Confederation.
An act for the relief of William B. Herrick.
An act to extend the provisions of " An act to
enable the State of Arkansas and other States to
reclaim the swamp lands within their limits" to
Minnesota and Oregon, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had ordered the printing
of the usual number of copies of thS resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of the
jnactnvent of n law to provide for the military in-
struction of the uniformed volunteer companies
of that State-—ordered at twenty minutes past one
o'clock, March 12, 18G0.
FALSE TItADE-MAItKS, ETC.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the J-Iouse to introduce a bill to preventand
punish fraud in the use of false stamps, brands, la-
bels, or trade-marks; of which notice was given
yesterday.
Mr. GROW. I object, and call for the regular
order of business, which is the call of committees
for reports.
MAILS ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of committees for reports;
and that the first question was a motion to recom-
mit to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a bill (H. R. No. 304) inviting proposals
for carrying the entire mail between the Atlantic
and Pacific States on one line, which motion was
pending when the last call of committees was
made.
Mr. COLFAX. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit, and move the previous question on the
passage of the bill. But I desire to state that I
will answer, very frankly and cheerfully, any
questions which may be asked by the gentleman
from Texas, or by any other gentleman, in ref-
erence to this bill. It is a plain and simple bill,
inviting proposals for carrying the entire mail be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States on one single
line. On the 4th of March last, when Congress
adjourned, the Government was paying over two
million dollars for carrying the mails between the
Atlantic and Pacific States, upon a number of
lines. The-Postmaster General retrenched that
service; yet it now costs over one million three
hundred thousand dollars. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads believe that the entire
mails can be carried, overland, in twenty days,
.which is several days less time than is now con-
sumed in their transportation, and for consider-
ably less than one million dollars.
But this bill does not bind the Government or
the Department to accept any of the bids that
may be made under this bill. It simply provides
that the Postmaster General shall advertise im-
mediately for proposals for carrying the entire
mail between the Atlantic and Pacific States from
any'point on the Mississippi or Missouri rivers,
to be designated by the bidders, and over such
route as they may designate, to the city of San
Francisco, in California, in each direction daily,
in twenty days; also, for proposals for tri-weekly
service. Again, the Postmaster General is di-
rected to also invite proposals to carry the letter
fjiail, and all printed matter on which letter post-
ge is prepaid, twice a week in each direction;
and the newspaper mail to be carried through, in
that case, weekly, within thirty days; the con-
tractor having the privilege of sending public doc-
uments and magazines by the ocean route to San
Francisco, at their own expense, and to be taken
through in thirty days from New York. He also
invites proposals for carrying the mails semi-
weekly or weekly from New York or Now Or-
leans to San Francisco. These bids are to be
received by the Postmaster General up to the 25th
day of May, and within three days thereafter are
to be laid by him before Congress for their con-
sideration , the Government reserving the right to
reject any or all of these bids that they see proper.
It also provides that the contractors are invited to
propose for carrying the mails by a branch line
to Denver City, and also to Great Salt Lake City,
if the line does not run through these places, and
thus to supply the mails to the gold region of
western Kansas and the Territory of Utah. The
service is to commence, if the bids are accepted
by Congress, which is the only power that will
have a right to accept them, on the 1st of August,
or as soon thereafter as possible, and to continue
for four years. Nowl will answer any questions
that gentlemen desire to ask me.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to make a few obser-
vations on this bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me a3d one thing further.
As the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Stout] de-
!j clared the other day, it is essentiaf, if this bill is
■' to pass at all, and if the Government is to ascer-
' tain what the mails can be carried for overland
;j daily, that it should pass at once, because delay
i will prevent giving sufficient time to receive bids.
<j and for Congress to act upon them at the present
il session.
1 i Mr. REAGAN. I wish to say, in reference to
this bill, that it will be seen, from the reading of
it, that it contemplates the destruction of the ex-
isting mail service on all the routes between the
Atlantic and Pacific States. It goes upon the idea
that the object of the mail service across the con-
tinent is purely the transmission of the letter mail
between the Atlantic and Pacific States. Itignores
the idea of the existence of the intermediate set-
tlements in the Territories, and on the borders of
the States, which are now supplied by the great
mail routes extending across the continent. - As
it is now, there is a mail route, I believe, on the
forty-second parallel, which supplies not only the
overland mails which oan be most conveniently
passed by that route, but also important points in
the border States on this side of the plains, and a
portion of the State of California; it is for the con-
venience both of the Army and of the settlements
between the States on this side of the plains and
California. Then we have a route passing through
Utah, which supplies a part of the western por-
tion of the State of Missouri, and the various set-
tlements in the Territories, including Utah, and
in a part of the eastern portion of the State of Cal-
ifornia; it also affords mail facilities to the de-
tachments of the Army contiguous to the route.
Then we have another route, extending from
St. Louis and Memphis, through the State of Ar-
kansas, through the northern part of Texas,
through the southern part of New Mexico, en-
tering the southern extremity of California, and
passing up through that State to San Francisco.
That route supplies mail facilities to the settle-
ments through Arkansas, through the northern
and western portions of Texas, all along the south-
ern boundary of our territory bordering on Mex-
ico, through the southern part of California, and
up through the State of California, to San Fran-
cisco. It supplies the means of communicating
with those detachments of the Army which are
posted along the line. It performs what is a duty
to the people of the Territories and of those front-
ier States. Now, the principle involved in this
bill, and which looks to the destruction of these
several lines, I wish it understood, ignores and
overlooks the duty incumbent on Congress to
supply mail facilities to the frontier States and
Territories of this country. Sir, the people who
forego the advantages of civilization; the people
who abandon homes of peace and quietude in the
older States, and go into the wilderness, suffer its
privations, fell the forests, encounter hostile In-
dians, redeem new tracts of country to civiliza-
tion, and advance the great interests and progress
of our nation—these people, who encounter perils
such as you in the older States are strangers to,
ought not to be treated as this bill contemplates
treating them , by withdrawing even the poor boon
of mail facilities.
Sir, the prominent routes across the continent
have more to do than to carry letters from the pros-
perous merchants of the city ofNew York to those
in the city of San Francisco. They perform a duty
which Congress owes to these pioneer settlers, who
are redeeming that territory to civilization, and
bringing it into a state of improvement; preparing
it as a receptacle for the emigrants of the coun-
try, and to be the future happy homes of the vast
millions yet to people that country. I tell you,
sir, that this is a policy which would do discredit
to the intelligence, the patriotism, and the sense
of justice of this Congress. It seeks to abolish
the only means of mail facilities to the people of
<he various border States and Territories, and to
the various detachments of the Army extending
all over these broad plains. .
Too little, in the policy of this Government, is
thought of the condition of the people who occupy
the vast plains between the organized States in
the Mississippi valley and those upon the Pacific
ocean. If a measure comes up to give a bonus,
by congressional action, to the manufacturers of
the East, who live in luxury, to give bonuses to
the commerce of rich merchants whose vessels
float on the ocean 
Mr. COLFAX: I would remind the gentleman
from Texas that I said I would give way to him
to ask a question, not to argue the tariff.
Mr. REAGAN. I am not going to argue the
tariff, and I shall be through in a moment. F\vas
going on to say, that if measures come up to give
a bonus to the owners of the merchant ships
which float upon the ocean; to give a bonus to
the iron manufacturers; to legislate for the wealthy
