.3020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
came from the genius of an American citizen,
under the fostering care and protection of one of
our former tariffs. A little protection now would
induce some one of our intelligent artisans again
' to improve upon the machinery, and thus enable
us to reduce the price still lower.
The soap manufacture was formerly a very im-
portant interest in this country, so important in
fact, that probably few gentlemen on this floor
have an idea of the immense capital that was "in-
vested, or of the great numbers to whom the
business gave employ. Some two or three years
ago a gentleman of my acquaintance, a chemist
of great practical knowledge and skill in his pro-
fession, as also of large experience, discovered a
process by which lie concentrated the alkali, and
produced a substance which he called caustic soda.
He went out to England for the purpose of intro-
ducing the article and supplying the market there.
Forming a connection with a capitalist in Edin-
burgh, Scotland, he setup the manufacture of this
caustic soda, and had actually manufactured sev-
eral tons, when discovery was made of the fact that
the British Government had imposed a very heavy
excise upon the manufacture of soap, and a penal-
ty, consisting^offine and imprisonment, on persons
manufacturing it without authority derived from
the Government itself. The excise on soap was
<£18 per ton. The penalty for violating the ex-
cise law was fine and imprisonment. Not even
the housewife was permitted to make soap in her
own kitchcn, on pam of fine and imprisonment.
Owing to this state of affairs the gentleman re-
ferred to quit the business and returned to this
country. Now mark what followed: directly af-
terward the British Government changed its ex-
cise laws, and enabled their manufacturers not
only to supply their home market with this arti-
cle of caustic soda for soap making;, but also to
manufacture and send it over to glut our own
markets, so that it now has the enure control of
our home manufacture, in connection with this
matter there is still another fraud. This caustic
soda is put up in iron barrels by the British man-
ufacturer, for the purpose of evading our revenue
laws, and getting nd of the duty on iron.
These, Mr. President, are but a few of the many
instances of fraud practiced under the system we
now have, and this, 1 think, is the worst feature
of the present revenue sys'em. "VVeio it not for
the frauds constantly practiced under it, and
which can only be. avoided by substituting spe-
cific for ad valorem duties, the rates might not ap-
pear so objectionable.
In conclusion, it may be proper to speak of
another of the evil efleets of the system, which
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the chairman
of the Committee on Finance seem to be so much
enamored of. 1 refer to the excess of specie cx-
portations over importations under the present
ad valorem tariff; a tabular ktatemcnt of which 1
herewith present:
United Stsrfn cxpnitR and impirti of upcar durni* a pn\od
of jjffjc i/crrr*, from ISM to hiclu^irc; and the <r«s;r('~
gale far a period of lircttfxj-scrcn years, from J £2-1 tj ISoO,
uir.luscm'.
Sjicric iivpoi fs. Ili-ports.
18'! .Vi'3 £2<>.
!%•> 
  27,4*0.8";;>
!&•>)  G.U3S. ISt
1HV>  f>(>.2<7.34.'J
  4.207.G32 4.K7'jr>,483
163/ 1-2.401.799 «KMM.022
ll-'.V*  19,274,491* 52,GM, 147
18.7J  7,4*1, 78D 37, 302, 005
,<*60. i 30 :ar>,4 o
G1U36."^0
fMirptufi expoir* over import?, 1831 lo 1830. ..-<^53.17?.690
specie Jos,1: to the country.
Now compare total exports and imports from
i&i-i to 1&30, inclusive:
Import* * ,«24G. TS7.4G >
Exports  ' 103.319."07
Surplus imports over exports  £81.1G7,73S
gain to the country.
Thus it will be seen that, during the existence
of protective tariffs, from 1824 to IboO, inclusive,
the gain of specie to the country was $yi,4(i7,7.>8,
that being the excess of imports over exports.
But for the nine years next succeeding, under the
ad valorem or free-trade policy, we not only lost
that large gain to the country, but $271,730,933
in addition. Is it any wonder, then, that under ;
such a fatal drain of the vital elements of trade,
the industrial energies of the country should have
succumbed, and the spectacle of closed manufac-
tories and silent workshops should be presented,
where so lately all was bustle and activity?
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I rise not to
debate the merits of the measure, for that would
be improper on a motion to postpone, but to pro-
test against the act of postponement. This post-
ponement proposes to put off the revision of the
tariff as a policy opposed to a loan for the sup-
port of the Government from this session of Con-
gress until the next; from the close of this session
until the beginning of the next. But this is im-
possible. The money must be procured in one
way or the other now; we cannot delay both the
policies. If you revive the tariff now, there will
be no loan needed in December. If you make
the loan now, you will have no need in the Treas-
ury for a revision of the tat iff then.
The proposed postponement raises the question
of the value of the time we have now at command,
compared with the value of the time we shall be
able to command then. We now arc in the middle
of the month of June, in the unlimited session of
Congress, one month, two months, even three
months earlier than Congress was accustomed to
adjourn under the old system of compensation,
when members of Congress were paid by the dav
for the time actually devoted to the public busi-
ness. Under that system of compensation, no
member of Congress would have felt himself just-
ified in consenting to put olf until another session
so cardinal a subject as this, on the ground simply
that the national Legislature could not sit long
enough to mature and dispose of it. Then the
session could be protracted only at the public ex-
pense; but now an early adjoin nment would save
nothing to the Treasury, for we arc paid, not by
the day, but a fixed annual salary, whether we
remain here a longer or a shorter period.
Sir, if it be true that we have not time enough
to consider this great question now, then sonic-
body is responsible to the public for this depri-
vation of tune. 1 will not invidiously dwell on
the days and weeks and months of {his session
which have been wasted or misapplied, but I will
speak only of the present passing moments. We
certainly have been at liberty during the whole
session to assign the day of our adjournment, a
day so late as even the 1st day of December
next. And yet ten days ago, in full and direct
view of Ibis measure coming up before us, a ma-
jority of the Senate who were understood to be
opposed to it, with the aid of only one or two
\otcs from this side of the Chamber, arbitrarily
fixed a day of adjournment, and thus shortened
up the session so as to end it on Monday next,
and they did this with full knowledge that the
measure must remain unacted upon and dircctly
confronting the exigencies of the Treasury and
of the country, which enforce its immediate con-
sideration. Thus we fix a day of adjournment
to cut off that consideration, and then plead the
shortness of the lime we ourselves have created
for the neglect of a great duty.
Nevertheless, Mr. President, we are in no such
strait for time. Let the Senate even now take
up this great bill, and distinctly indicate its pin-
pose to act upon it, and I venture to say that the
liousc of Representatives, wedded as it is to the
policy on which the bill is based, will at once
extend the term of the session long enough to
resohe the whole subject to the entire satisfac-
tion of the American people. Thus you per-
ceive, sir, that the objection of want of time, at
this session, is an unreal ground for the proposed
postponement.
Now, what is the prospect of a greater comple-
ment of time at the next session? The piesent
Congress in a duration of seven months, ending on
the third Monday m June, will not have furnished
time enough to revise the tariff. The next ses-
sion of Congress will begin on the first Mon-
day in December, and must come to an end on or
about the first Monday in March. If a session
winch actually fills seven months, and may be
prolonged throughout e\en twelve months,affords
no time to revise the fiscal policy of the Govern-
ment, who will say that the necessary time can be
found m a session which can last only throughout
tlm l months. Are human strength and intensity
of purpose, which are so feeble in the present hour,
at all likely to wax so strong in the future? No,
no. Indecision to-day, becomes cowardice to-
morrow. Indolence in the morninghardens into
idleness at night; and the resolution that is post-
poned, even with some remorse, this year, ceases
to trouble us in the next. Moreover, Mr. Presi-
dent, the present conjuncture of circumstances
favor action; that which will exist next year will
render action difficult if not impossible. * We are
brought now to a direct choice between increaso
of revenue, by the sum of $21,000,000, or a loan
of that amount. But if we do not increase the
revenue now, we shall adopt the loan. That exi-
gency will not exist next December, if it shall
threaten to recur during the fiscal year, the habit
of borrowing will at the same time have bccome
confirmed, and we shall then be more unwilling to
resort to the legitimate process of raising revenue
than ever.
Political advantages to the party in power here,
at least local ones, are held out as inducements to
the present revision of the tariff. These induce-
ments will have lost their influence when the next
session arrives. Whatever may be the result of
pending elections, parties in Congiess and in the
country will be measurably relieved from trouble
about the tariff. The present Administration will
then be going out, and it will be reckless of further
praise or blame, favor or disfavor. The Admin-
istration which will succeed it will be unorgan-
ized throughout the whole of the next session of
Congress. There will be no means in (he next
session of combining the forces necessary to carry
so great a measure through the Congress. On
this simple process of demonstration, Mr. Presi-
dent I pronounce that, as a practical question, to
postpone this bill until the next session, is to
postpone il indefinitely. It must be considered
now, sir, or never.
Mr. President, I have not examined this bill,
and I am not prepared to speak nf its details, and
to say which of them 1 should approve, and
which disapprove. I hear the bill unsparingly
denounced. But all tariff bills, when first pre-
sented, arc denounced with equal severity, and
quite as univeisally. They must always alllct
existing arrangements of private and corporate
industry throughout the "whole country, and dis-
turb them at least for a Ume, though ultimately
perhaps to improve them. 1 never knew a tariff
bill that was at its introduction less obnoxious
than this. But the unpopularity of the bill is
not a good reason for postponing it; it is the very
best of all reasons for examining it, hearing and
weighing objections, and modifying the bill so as
to make it wise, just, and satisfactory. A tariff
bill when it comes from a committee is always
crude; it is only by great and careful manipula-
tion that itcver becomes practical and convenient.
But we are told that this bill is not only so
wretchedly bad as to require a great deal of
amendment, but that it is so utterly vicious that
it is inadequate to be the basis on which any rev-
enue system could be built. If the bill be so
worthless and useless as this, then, I ask, in
Heaven's name, why keep it here to incumber
the floors of Congress, and be a stumbling stone
of offense at the next session of Congress. Seize
it, and expose its absolute rottenness at once,
now, and cast it out of the halls of legislation.
If the bill is .so very bad, kt this be done so that
the Committee of "Ways and Means may at least
provide a new and better one at the beginning of
the nextsession or Congress. Thus the argument
for postponement is reduced to a mere self-con-
tradiction, and seems to me to reveal a disposition
to avoid the whole subject equally in the next and
m the present session of Congress.
Mr. President, it is not within my present pur-
pose to enter into the broad quesiion between
protection of our own manufactures and absolute
free trade; but 1 must be indulged with one or two
remarks upon it. Among the statistics with which
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania fiivors
us, is the fact that the town of Piieenixviile is one
of the largest of half a dozen or more towns
in that State engaged in the manufacture of iron;
and tins town, connecting by railroads and canal
with the iron and coal mines and the markets,
has a population of six thousand dependent on
Us industry. Now, whoever shall go through
Great Britain will find more than one of thirty
such manufactories, in more than half a dozen
of such towns, in which the number of opei-
ators actually engaged, irrespective of their fam-
