2076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. THAYER. No w I understand all that my
colleague is going to gay. [Laughter.]
Mr. GOOCH. Then my colleague does not
want my views. He has had enough of them.
Mr. THAYER. I understand all that he is
going to say. His propositions are these: first,
that every man in this country has an equal right
to the territory of the United States; and there-
fore his inference is this: that every man in this
country has a right to impress his own peculiar
views upon the people who shall occupy that
, Territory.
Mr. GOOCH. No; my colleague mistakes my
theory. My theory is, that the people, as a whole,
own the Territories; that the views of the differ-
ent individuals shall be placed together; and that
the sum of all the opinions of all the people shall
prevail in the Territories.
Mr. THAYER. Well now, that would work
very great hardship in case there should be nine
hundred and ninety-nine men of one view, and
one thousand men of the other. The nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine, who, according to his as-
sertion, have an equal right in the Territories,
would, by tho action of one man, have no rights
whatever.
Mr. GOOCH. The theory of our Government
is that tho majority shall govern. Does my col-
league deny that?
Mr. THAYER. And all this, Mr. Speaker,
after the people in the Territories have bought
their land and paid for it! After that, these men
have a right to impress them with their peculiar
views on politics, religion, on moral and mental
philosophy, on spiritualism, and what not. There
is no end to what we might make topics of legis-
lation. Well, I am not for making these things
topics of legislation myself; and if I had my way
about it, a poet never would write a platform for
the Republican party. [Laughter.] Idonothke
metaphors m platforms. 1 want them prose; or
if they must be poetry, I would like to have them
very good poetry.
Now, from \yhat source can this power be de-
rived that enables men who have sold these lands
to people who are their equals in every respect—
who are citizens of the united States—where is
the power derived from that gives to men in Maine
and Massachusetts and Iowa the right to say what
institutions the pioneers shall have > But I am told,
with grave solemnity, by my colleague, that this
is the ancient policy of this Government. It is
not so ancient as Satan. [Laughter.] It is not
so old as Sin, the daughter of Satan. Its age is
no reason why it should be forever sustained. It
is old enough to die.
Mr. GOOCII. I desire to ask my colleague
whether ho intends to place the framers of our
Government, and the men who ingrafted this pol-
icy on the Territories, in tho same category with
the distinguished individual to whom he has re-
ferred, and to say that their work is on a par with
what he terms sin ? [Laughter.]
Mr. TH AY ER. No, sir, neither them nor my
colleague. 1 have no idea of doing such a thing.
But I do say of the men who framed this Govern-
ment, that they might not have been perfect even
in human wisdom; and 1 do say, contrary per-
haps to tho opinion of many, that the present
generation is not less wise than the past. It may
sound strangely, but any man who denies it de-
nies faith in God and human nature. No, sir; I
contend that we are degenerate men unless we can
inaugurate a better policy than that which was
inaugurated one or two centuries ago. Have
we not improved on the law of primogeniture?
Have we not improved upon the feudal system?
But this idea that Congress have the right to
govern the Territories because they have sold the
lands to the people who live there, is a part of
that system.
No, sir; I tell you that this territorial policy
has been from the outset progressing all the while
in favor of popular rights. The first stage in our
territorial policy was, that the President should
send out the executive power, the legislative
power, and the judicial power, for every Terri-
tory. That was the first policy. The second
policy was, that the President should send out tho
executive power, the judicial power, and a part
of the legislative power—the Council—while the
people of the Territory might elect the lower
branch of the Legislature. The third step of our
territorial policy was this: that the President
should send out the executive and judicial pow-
ers, while the people in the Territory should elect
the whole legislative power. And, sir, the fourth
step in our policy was—and that was the Kansas-
Nebraska bill—that Congress should not have in-
tervention for the revision of the laws which the
people in a Territory should make, although by
that act the sovereignty of the people in the Ter-
ritory was held in abeyance during their terri-
torial condition; subject to the sovereignty of the
President.
Now, sir, the step which I propose, which is the
fifth step in our territorial policy, is this: that the
sovereignty of the people shall be active, and not
held in abeyance, while the sovereignty of the Pres-
ident and the sovereignty of Congress shall bo held
in abeyance. This, sir, is the fifth and last step
in our territorial policy.
" Time'.s noblest offspring is her Inst."
This policy, sir, is tho Ultima Thule of popular
sovereignty—the pillars of Hercules, sir, on which
I now write, in letters so that the world may
road, " THE JVE PLUS ULTRA OP ANGLO-
SAXON GOVERNMENT."
But, sir, I will not censure my colleague for en-
tertaining any fears for the safety of free institu-
tions which lie may choose to cherish. I can un-
derstand how he and other men, not, perhaps, of
the most bold and defiant disposition, may claim
that there is danger of slavery's grasping and de-
stroying all our northern rights. I have hoard of
an old man who had read what Hersehel had said
about the spots on the sun—that they were increas-
ing;tuid, sir, ho looked at the sun to see whether
the spots continued to increase; and he kept look-
ing till ho could see nothing but one black spot;
and then he died of grief, thinking the sun had gone
out, when he had only gone ont himself. [Great
laughter.] These timid men in the northern States,
who behove that slavery is going to overspread the
continent, ami swallow up Canadaand Massachu-
setts, get blinded by the dazzling light of all our
free institutions and the glory of our nation's
progress and history, and they can see nothing but
a black spot that covers tho whole, and therefore
they fill the whole earth with their mourning.
[Laughter.] Now, I am not of that class of men.
1 tell you sir, that, Reading the history ofthis coun-
try, I can in no way convince myself that, by all
these providential triumphs over British aggres-
sions, by all these providences in our behalf dur-
ing our whole history, God has preserved and
cherished this nation just for the purpose of al-
lowing it to be submerged and destroyed by dis-
union, or slavery, or by any other calamity what-
ever.
Now, sir, I have faith in tho people of every
section of the country. I do not believe that tho
pioblem which belongs exclusively to the people
of Texas, or exclusively to the people of Louis-
iana, can, by any possibility, be worked out to a
satisfactory and correct result by the people of
Massachusetts or tho people of Maine. And as
to the question of slavery in these States, I be-
lieve that the northern people have no more busi-
ness with it than we have with the laws of pri-
mogeniture in England, or than we have with tho
institutions of China, Hungary, or Turkey. Not
one whit more. We are a Congress of nations
to all intents and purposes; we have no business
each with the sovereignty of another, nor the sov-
ereignty of the whole with the individual rights
of any one. There can then be no quarrel between
the North and tho South concerning slavery in
the States. We can only have that apple of dis-
cord in our territorial governments. I have, there-
fore, said not one word about it in the land dis-
trict system which I have presented to the House
and to the country. I have observed my promise
in them not to bring the agitation of the glavcry
question into the House. That was my promise,
and I will observe it.
But my colleague says we must send out suit-
able men to govern these Territories. I suppose
they have no suitable men there ! I suppose no
man in one of these unorganized Territories ever
heard of such a place as the State of Massachu-
setts, or that my colleague was a Representative
of that State ! and what do they know if they do
not know that ? [Laughter.] Suitable men! Men
who cannot get a living at home; men who have
not popularity enough to be reelected in their own
districts. Suitable men! Who are the men who
are there ? They are men who have traveled
across the mountains; who have hunted wild
beasts; who have fought the Indians; who under-
stand human nature better than any man can pos-
sibly do who is a member of this House, from tho
experience of a quiet life. These are the men
whom some little puckered up lawyer in Maine
or Massachusetts, with his feet upon the window-
sill, calls " infants," while he prates about " our
parental care." [Great laughter.]
Now, sir, I have no kind of patience with this
kind of argument, which goes before the country
assailing the character of the men of the Terri-
tories. But if this were all, I might submit to it;
but adding insult to injury, it assails their com-
mon sense; it assails their manhood, calls them
"interlopers, runaways, and outlaws," and in
every way wholly unfit for civilization and self-
government. What on earth did God make such
men for? Now, sir, I will yield to my colleague,
if ho wishes. [Laughter.]
Mr. GOOCH. My colleague has been indulging
in his usual style of fighting windmills.
Mr. THAYER. I was fighting my colleague,
Mr. Speaker.
Mr. GOOCH. My colleague has not stated any
argument or remark of mine. What I said was,
notthat these men were inferiors; 1 said they were
men just as capable of governing themselves as
the people of any other portion of the country.
But I said that, at the outset of a territorial or-
ganization, they had little or no knowledge of each
other; that they were too few and scattered to en-
able them to select proper officers from among
themselves; and that, for the purpose of starting a
government, they should have the aid of the Gen-
eral Government, and that their first executives
should be selected by the General Government,
instead of being selected by those men, whom I
admitted might be tho equals of my colleague and
myself. X wish my colleague would reply to what
I did say, instead of replying to his own fancies,
to his own windmills, which he sets up for him-
self.
Mr.THAYER. The House shall judge whether
I am dealing fairly \^ith my colleague. Thero
shall be no mistake this time. I understand him
this time to make two statements: one is, that tho
people are too few and scattered in the Territories
for them to establish a government for themselves.
Is that correct? [Mr. Goocii nodded assent.] The
other is, that they are strangers. Is that right ?
[Mr. Goocn again nodded assent.] Now, sir, with
the leave of the House, I shall answer both these
propositions. The first, that the people are too
few in numbers: lot me ask my colleague if there
is more danger of the overthrow of good govern-
ment in the town of Paxton, which is one of the
smallest in my county, or in the town of Hull,
one of the towns near Cape Cod, which I believe
has about seventy-five people, than there is in the
city of New York, or in the city of Baltimore?
Did my colleague ever hear of a riot or a rebellion
in the patriotic town of Hull? Has he not often
heard of riots in New York and Baltimore ? I put
it to this House, whether the fewness in number
of the people of aTerritory is a strong reason why
the Government of the United States should inter-
fere and see that they should not blot themselves
out? Why, every man knows that our republican
institutions are in the most danger where the pop-
ulation is the most dense. Has my colleague any-
thing to say to that?
Mr. GOOCH. My idea is, that there is more
danger of institutions formed in the organiza-
tion of a government where there are few men
who participate in that organization than whore
it is participated m by many. And again, every
one knows that the people who go to an unor-
ganized Territory go from different countries,
and many of them come from foreign countries;
and I say that there is more danger that institu-
tions will be established there not in accordance
with the theory of our Government than where
there is a larger collection of people.
Mr. THAYER. I feci the whole force of that
argument. My colleague has shown that if there
was only one man in a Territory there would be
very great danger of a mob there and an overthrow
of republican institutions. [Laughter.] Has the
gentleman ever read tho history of Prance ? Has
he ever heard of barricades in the streets of Paris ?
Has he ever read Roman history; and does he
not know that all dangers to goverenment occur
where the people are themost dense; where they
