1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
and privileged classcs of the country, they can
always bo received with favor here in this House.
But, sir, when we come to. the lonely pioneer; the
man who perils life; the man who encounters the
savage hostility of Indians; the man who is en-
gaged in redeeming the forests of the country and
advancing the standard of civilization—when he
asks for the poor boon of the protection of the
Army, and of having a,chanee of writing letters
to his friends in homes of peace, find to receive
encouragement from friends and relatives, ho is
denied that boon by the Congress of the United
States. Will such a measure receive the sanc-
tion of Congress ? Can it be passed through un-
der the pressure of the" previous question without
consideration of how far it will affect the interests
of the country ? I trust not. 1 trust the bill will
be defeated. It will break up the existing mail
contracts, and do the greatest injustice to a large
portion of the country.
Mr. COLFAX. I listened with great attention
to the gentleman from Texas, but allow me to
say to him that had he yesterday voted for the
noble boon of homesteads on the public lands to
actual settlers, his speech would have been more
consistent.
Now let me say a few words in regard to the
points which he has made. This bill does not
strike down a single mail route, in the country.
It simply invites proposals, and loaves it for Con-
gress to decide whether they will accept or reject
them—whether they will have the mails carried
overland on a daily route, and have, if Congress
pleases, as many mail routes besides, for the
frontier settlements, as the condition of the Treas-
ury will admit. It does not strike down a single
mail line in the country.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to make a suggestion.
Mr. COLFAX. Well, but not a speech.
Mr. BURCH. I merely want to make a sug-
gestion. I believe that if the gentleman presses
a vote on this bill to-day, the greater number of
those representing the western States will vote
against it; and I would therefore suggest the pro-
priety of referring the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and, if he will
allow me, I will submit that motion.
Mr. COLFAX. To refer .the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
would be to insure its defeat. If the House de-
sires to kill the bill, they can do so. The Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads have
reported the bill because they deem it to be right.
They deem it to be just that we should do this;
that we should obtain this information, which we
can procure in no other way. They have per-
formed their duty, and they now ask the House
to do theirs. I will now yield to the gentleman
from New York, who, I see, desires to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. BRIGGS. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether the passage of this bill will
not interfere with the existing contracts .for car-
rying the mail on the routes over which the mail
is now carried, some of which, I think, have sev-
eral years to run. One of these contracts—I
allude to that of Butterfield—entered into by the
Post Office Department, has now some three or
four years to run. For one, I will not consentto
do any act which shall interfere with that eon-
tract.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will answer the gentleman
from Nuw York, that this bill does not, of itself,
interfere with any contiact Itis simply to obtain®
information. And I will suggest to the gentle-
man frtfm New York, that it is quite possible
that Butterfield may himself be the lowest bidder;
in which case, it will of course disembarrass Con-
gress on that subject. I will now yield to the
gentleman from Arkansas, who, I see, also desires
'o propound some questions to me.
Mr. HINDMAN. I will ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether it is not contemplated by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, that
the effect of the passage of this bill will be to ab-
rogate the present mail service to the Pacific, if
any of the bids invited are accepted by the Post
Office Department or by Congress ?
JN®. COLFAX._ I reply to the gentleman from
Arkansas, that itis contemplated by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads that these
bids shall be laid before Congress, and that Con-
gress shall, during the present session, when such
bids shall have been received, determine whether
they will, instead of the present service over so
many routes to the Pacific, costing, at their full
contract price, over two million dollars, provide
for a daily mail overland, which shall cost less
than one million dollars. I now call the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HINDMAN. I must say that the gentle-
man from Indiana has not answered my question
with that fairness and candor which I think I had
the right to expect from him.
Mr. COLFAX. I have answered the gentle-
man with entire fairness and truthfulness. I say
to him that the bill does not provide for abrogat-
ing any contract whatever.
- Mr. HINDMAN. I do not say that the gentle-
man did not answer me with truthfulness; but he
does not answer it with directness. I ask him,
whether the effect of the bill, if it is passed, will
not be, if any of the bids are accepted, to abrogate
the present mail service overland to the Pacific?
Mr. COLFAX. It is contemplated, if the bill
shall pass, that it will have the effect of very
materially increasing thc-'mail facilities to the Pa-
cific; and not only to increase the facilities, but to
lessen the expense to the Governments
Mr. HINDMAN. That is not an answer to
my question.
Mr. COLFAX. I have answered the gentle-
man's question frankly and truthfully.
Mr. HINDMAN. Mr. Speaker, I think this
is a bill of sufficient importance to allow a reason-
able time for discussion of its merits in the House,
instead of forcing upon us the parliamentary gag
which it is now sought to impose.
Mr. COLFAX. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Arkansas that if he expects me to yield
to him to ask questions, and to obtain from me
answers to them, he should not accompany his
request with a lecture. The committee have per-
formed what they considered their duty, and the
matternow rests with the House to perform theirs,
by cither adopting or rejecting the bill as they
may see fit.
Mr. HINDMAN. So far as lecturing the gen-
tleman is concerned, that is a matter of taste.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to answer-
ing any question directly in relation to this bill.
Mr. HINDMAN. I then repeat my question,
whether, if this bill passes, and any of these bids
are acccpted by the Post Office Department, it
will not have the effect of abrogating existing
contracts for carrying the mail to the Pacific?
Mr. COLFAX. I answer the gentleman, that
the bill itself will not produce any such effect.
When the bids aie received, the House, including ,
the gentleman from Arkansas, can decide that j
point as they please.
Mr. SCOTT. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Indiana, I will say that, so far as this bill
is concerned, as the State which I have the honor
in part to represent is more directly and immedi-
ately interested in it than any other State, I am
somewhat puzzled to know how to act in this mat-
ter, especially as this morning is the first time I
have had the pleasure of reading the bill. I desire
to call upon the chairman of the'Committee on the
Post Officc and Post Roads for some information
in reference to one or two matters pertaining or
belonging to these routes.
As I understand it, the Attorney General of the
United States has delivered an opinion that the
contract with Butterfield cannot be abrogated or
suspended until theexpiration ofthe time specified
in his contract. I believe that the late Postmaster
General Brown, now deceased, was in favor of ab-
rogating that contract. The Attorney General,
however, as I have said, expressed the opinion that
the contract could not be abrogated
Now, sir, the gentleman knows very well with
what regularity, and under what difficulties, the
mail has been carried under that contract; and I
would do nothing to strike down that route; but
I am placed in this position, that, while I would
not do that, I desire;that additional mail facilities
shall be furnished to the Pacific. I wish to see a
daily mail to the Pacific established; and I see
that this bill provides for the establishment of a
daily mail, to be carried through in twenty days,
or that the Postmastsr General may take the pro-
priety ofthe establishmcntof sitch a mail into con-
sideration. The bill'also proposes a tri-weekly
service.
Now, sir, so far as the northerner so far as a
southern route is concerned, I have'alwaysadvo-
cated, I have always been in favor of allowing the
contractor to selecthis own route, for the purpose
of enabling him to carry the mail with the greatest
facility and in the shortest possible time; for by
doing that my constituency will derive the greatest
benefit.
Now, sir, I do not wish to vote against this
bill, and at the same time I am not prepared, with-
out more mature reflection, to vote for it. I thinli-
it should have more deliberate consideration be-
fore being finally disposed of in this House. I
would prefer, and I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana, that he allow the bill to go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where it may be considered section by
section; where we may offer amendments, if they
may be deemed desirable, or move to strike out
any clause or scction that wo may deem objec-
tionable.
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
from California by saying that it "will require
some two mon ths to sccure the bids upon which we
can act, and that if wc are to act upon the subject
finally during the present session of Congress, it
is necessary that the bill pass immediately. If
the bill is sent to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it will be, in effect, a dec-
laration upon the part of the House that they will
not act upon the subject during the present ses-
sion; it will be a declaration upon their part that
they will not save heavily in the expense of this
mail service, and, at the same time, increase the
postal facilities to a daily mail.
If gentlemen wish, however, to have an oppor-
tunity of amending the bill, I am willing that it
shall bo referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and made the special
order for to-day.
Several Members. We do not agree to that.
Mr. COLFAX. Then, I hope the bill will be
passed without further delay. I will repeat what
I have already said in relation to the obligation
ofthe contract with Butterfield, that it is quite
possible his bid may be the lowest, he having
greater facilities for the service than any other
man, in which case there will be no difficulty in
relation to his contract. If gentlemen desire to
cheapen this service,as well as to increase the
facilities, they will pass this bill at onct.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to answer mo another question. Suppose
the bids which are provided for in this bill, when
they are received, shall not be deemed satisfactory
to the Congress of the United States, and shalf
notbo satisfactory to thePostmasterGeneral, and
are not accepted: what effect will the bill then
have upon the contracts which are now in exist-
ence ?
Mr. COLFAX. It would have no effect upon
them at all. They would remain as they now
exist.
Mr. STOUT. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana whether one object of this bill is, that the
entire mail shall be carried by one route, instead
of carrying it, as now, in part by sea and in part
overland ?
Mr. COLFAX. That is the object. I will
state that at present the mail is carried by three
or four different routes. By the Butterfield mail,
letters only are carried. By the Isthmus route,
both letters and newspapers are carried; so also
by the St. Joseph and Placerville route. And I
now warn gentlemen, that as the rivalry between
the Panama and the Nicaragua route has ceased,
if the temporary contract made for ocean service
last fall under the then existing competition, and
which expires next July, is to be renewed, it will
be at greatly increased expense.
Mr. STOUT. Mr. Speaker, if I correctly un-
derstand the bill now before the House, I am in
favor of its passage. I mav, however, misap-
prehend the object of the bill. I believe, as I
understand its provisions, that they can result in
no injury to the United States, but, on the con-
trary, may result in much good. I am in favor
of such a system of transportation of the mails
of the country as will inside speedy and certain
communication within our own limits, and not
outsideof them. Understanding that this bill has
that object in view, and that it does not provide
for any diminution of the p*csent overlaiid mail
service of tiie country, I am in favor of its pas-
sage, and shall vote affirmatively on that ques-
