1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. COLPAX. I desire to add to what I have
already stated, that it was upon a special and earn-
est request from the_ people of the Pacific coast,
including the Legislature of California, that this
subject was brought to the attention and consid-
eration of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. JOHN.COCHRANE. I want to ask the
gentleman a question for information.
Mr. COLPAX. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I want to attract
the attention of my friend from Indiana to what
I deem an oversight on the part of the committee
who have presented this bill. 1 think that it is the
intention of gentlemen that these propositions
should pass under the supervision of Congress,
and be subject to the approval of, orrejectionby,
Congress. X find, however, at lino forty-two, this
incomplete provision in respect to that matter:
Eighth. The POotmnner General to reserve the ri«ht of
the Umud to rejcct .ill the piopc a!.-. if they are for
any iea~on deemed unsatisfactory, 01 if Congress should,
after inspecting them, decline their acceptance.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman will read the
second section, he will perceive that that will ob-
viate his objection.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is as follows:.
Sec. :l Jbid ha it further cnacted. That the Postmaster
Geneial pliall, within three days alter the opening of the
bids, lay them, 01 copies of them, befoie both Houses of
Congress for theireonsideration.
That, sir, meets my objection, and I think that
it also renders the bill unobjectionable to either
side of the House.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous ques-
tion on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time. ^
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to propound an in-
terrogatory to the gentleman. If I understand
the hill, then I am in favor of its passage.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 must go bn with the bill, or
else the morning hour will expire before it is
passed.
Mr. BURNETT. Is it the purpose, as inti-
mated by the gentleman from Oregon, to increase
the overland mail scrvice, instead of diminishing it?
Mr. COLFAX. It is the desire of the Com-
mittee ou thf Post Office and Tost Roads that
there shall be a daily overland mail, if that can
be accomplished, as we believe it can be, at a rate
from three hundred thousand to half a million
dollars per annum cheaper than that which is now
paid for the present overland mail service, which
is so imperfect and so scattered all over our own
country, as well as Central America,
a Mr. BURNETT. Then, sir, it is not to add to
the present overland mail servicc, but to diminish
the expense of that service?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir; it is to diminish the
present expense of the overland mail service.
Mr. BURXETT. I am in favor of reducing
the expenditures of this service, and of putting the
transportation of the mails out to the lowest bid-
der. I believe, with the committee, thatone route
** will be sufficient.
Mr. COLFAX. ~\Ve provide in the bill forget-
ting all the information on the subject we can,
and then, when it comes before Congiess, that it
shall be for tin' two Houses to decide what action
is pioper on that information.
Mr. REAGAN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
Tlie SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. COLFAX. I think it is rath'er unkind to
try to get the bill put aside, by calling attention
to the morning hour, when I yielded to the gen-
tleman a portion of my time, in which he made
a speech for his constituents.
Sir. REAGAN. The gentleman has no right
to call me to account for any action here that I
may deem demanded by a sense of duty. I move
that the bill be laid unon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. \Vhat is the cost of the pres-
ent ov< rland mail service?
Mr. COLFAX. On the 3d of March, 1859.
when Congress adjourned, the total cost of the
mail service between the Atlantic and Pacific
States was v,-.''200.000 per annum. It was cut
down, by retrenchment on the part of the Post-
master General, to about one million four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. HOTjSTON. What is the annual cost of
the Buttorfieid overland mail service?
Mr. COLFAX. Six hundred thousand dollars
per annum. In order to save the bill from goin< 
to the {speaker's table, if the morning hour ex°
pires before the previous question is ordered, I
move to recommit the bill to the Committee on
the Post Ofiice and Post Roads; and I now call
for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman must excuse
me, but I cannot yield any further. I think that
I have been very indulgent. The House must
understand the bill by this time; and I insist that
it shall be now disposed of, one way or the other.
Mr. BURCH. Mr. Speaker, whilst I am de-
cidedlym favorof a daily overland mail,I oppose
this bill, for the reason that it ties up all legislation
upon the subject of overland mails until bids un-
der it shall be submitted, which is fixed to occur
on the 25th May next. Even should there be sub-
mitted to Congress most acceptable bids, the 25th
of May will be too late to take action on them this
Congress. There is important legislation on this
subject, which should be had at an early day—
legislation which will produce a more efficient ser-
vice and g4eat saving to the Government. But if
this bill passes, we will be constantly met by ob-
jections, that bids are yet to come m on this sub-
ject, and the consequence will be, that we shall be
able to do nothing on the subject this session. I
hope the bill will not pass.
Mr. COLFAX. I insist that the question shall
be put on seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURCH. I move that the bill he referred j
fo the Committee of the Whole on the state of the i
Union. ;
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in :
order, the previous question having been demand- |
ed.
Mr. REAGAN. I have made the motion that
the bill be laid upon the table; and I think the
question first recurs on that motion.
Tho SPEAKER. It docs.
Mr. BAK-IvSDALE. I want to ask a ques-
tion 
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to any further
discussion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does this bill provide :
for putting service upon more than one route ? .
Mr. COLFAX. It provides for advertising for j
bids to carry the entire mail on one line, and that j
these bids shall be sent to Congress for its con-
sideration; that is all.
Mr. REAGAN. I demand the yeas and nays j
on the motion to lay the bill upon the table.
The question was taken; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are re-
fused.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. That demand comes too
late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point 1
of order. The call for tellers came after the Chair !
had decided that the yeas and nays were not or-
dered, and therefore it came too late. :
The question was taken; and the motion to lay 1
upon the table was disagreed to. ;
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Now, let me put a :
question to the chairman of the Committee on the ,
Post Office and Post Roads, of which committee :
I have the honor to be a member. j
Mr. FLORENCE. I object, unless the gen- ;
tleman from Indiana yields to myself and others
who want to say a word or two oil this subject.
Mr. COLFA.X. I have already declined to :
yield to further debate on this subject, and must j
still decline to yield. >
Mr. FLORENCE. I am in favor of this bill, j
I can sec no objection to it. The reservation to j
Congress to decide in the matter is all that call j
be desired. All the information that will be "sent j]
to the Post Office Department will be sent to Con- ij
cress, and upon that wo, of course, can have intel-1 |
lieent action. I hope that the bill will be passed.
The previous question was then seconded, and ;
the mam question ordered. j
Mr. COLFAX. I withdraw the motion to re- j
commit the bill to the Committee on the Post |
Office and Post Roads. j
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and j
read a third time; and being engrossed, it Was j
accordingly read the third time. i
Mr. COLPAX. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BRIGGS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. I am opposed to ab-
rogating any existing contract.-
Mr. FLORENCE. The bill does not abro-
gate any existing contract. The bill, only pro-
vides that Congress shall be furnished with all
the information on the subject, so that they may
act intelligently.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I demand tellers on order''
ing tho yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Otis were appointed.
The yeas and nays were not oidered—the tellers
having reported ayes twelve, (less than one fifth of
a quorum.)
The bill was then passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to which
was referred sundry petitions for the establish-
ment of post routes ill western Kansas, reported
a bill to establish mail routes in the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I ask to have
that bill put upon its passage now. It only estab-
lishes some few routes in western Kansas. The
object the committee had in view in reporting it in
advanpe of the general post route bill, is that the
people- in western Kansas may have the sooner
the facilities which this bill proposes to give them.
The fact of the known emigration tending to the
gold region now, and also the fact that these peo-
ple have been deprived for a longtime of any mail
facilities, except such as were furnished by pri-
vate enterprise—in some cases costing them as
highas twenty-five cents a letter—has led the com-
mittee to desire to enable the Postmaster General
to advertise for proposals, and place these routes
in working operation this spring. There is no
appropriation whatever proposed.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the reading of the
bill; which was read.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I hold in my
hand a recommendation from the Postmaster Gen-
eral for the passage of this bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to which
was referred the bill for the election of deputy
postmasters by the people, reported adversely
upon the same.
The report was received, and laid upon the table.
Mr ADAMS, of Kentucky, also presented the
petition of sundry citizens of Estill county, Ken-
tucky, praying that the revenue laws of the coun-
try be so amended as to more effectually protect
the iron interests in the United .Stales; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state,for the inform-
ation of the House, that the Committee oil the
Post Office and Post Roads will, in a few days, g
commence the preparation of a post route bill,
and it will probably be an unusually large one.
There has been no post route bill passed for two
years, the one of the lust session having fallen
between the two Houses. The committee, there-
fore, have adopted this rule, and requested me to
state it to the House: that no new post route will
be placed in the bill, without the member of Con-
grpss who either requested the committee to con-
sider the matter, or who presented the petition
for the route, will certify to the committee that
he believes it to be nccessary. We desire to put
the post route bill into as narrow a compass as
possible. Besides, the post routes in the bill of
the last session, which failed, will not be incor-
porated by the committee in the new bill, except
by express request, and certificates of members
of Congress made now.
I desire to report a bill to suppress the unlawful
collection and delivery of letters, which I think
no one will object to; but if anyone does, we aro
willing the bill shalLbe sent to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I will state
the object of that bill in a single moment. Mr.
