THE CONGKESSI
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1859.
New Series No. 8.j..
county, who reside opposite the property known
as the Willett's Point purchase, whether I should
be sustained on the charges I had made, and the
prooflhadelicited. Whatwastheverdict? West-
chester county, good, honest old Westchester,
around which clusters as many revolutionary reni-
iniscenscs as has any county in the Union, came
forward, and, by a majority of one thousand and
twenty-two, sustained mo over the President's
candidate, G-ouverneur Kemble, who the Presi-
dent informed me he had done all in his power to
nominate and elect, while, at the same time, it
fave the Democratic candidate for Governor, Mr.
'arker, over twelve hundred majority. If major-
ities speak intelligently, and in this case I know
they do, the fact 1 state is a sufficient refutation
of the charge that the investigation into the sale
and purchase of the Willett's Point property had
no result.
I plead guilty to the accusation that I announced
myself a Democrat upon my return home. I
proclaim here that I am a Democrat, a Democrat
in essence, in substance, and not in mere form.
Democracy, according to my teaching, is the rule
of the people under the law; and, let me say to
the Administration, that, by its influence and
power of position, it denied the right of tlie peo-
ple to judge for themselves when it urged the
adoption of the Lecompton constitution. It was
in reference to the admission of Kansas into the
Union as a State, and the protection of the rights
of the people of that Territory, that I declared here
that the anti-Lecompton men were Democrats. I
made this declaration in opposition to the Federal
doctrines to which Mr. Buchanan has m his old
age returned, and under which he sought to force,
with Federal power and patronage, a State into the
Union with a constitution repugnant to its people,
and in defiance of the protest of its Legislature.
Tlii3 was an unsuccessful attempt, it would ap-
pear, to gratify the South by the introduction of
another slave State, and the addition to their po-
litical power of two Senators.
And, Mr. Clerk, just here I will say a word or
two in reply to the remarks made by the distin-
guished and courteous gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] who, m his colloquy with my col-
league, [Mr. Clark,] stated that he determined
his Democracy by Jus vote upon the Democratic
caucus nominee. I take issue with him. With
me, organization, especially under this Adminis-
tration, is an instrument of tyranny and proscrip-
tion. Whoever is the Speaker, it is within the
power of a majority of this House to control his
action. Yet sometimes the Speaker has abused
the discretion intrusted to his hands. There was
a memorable instance in the last session. After
days of conflict, the House, by deliberate vote,
in response to the unmistakable wish of the coun-
try, determined that there should be an investiga-
tion into the affairs in Kansas, but the Speaker,
with whom the discretion was left to appoint the
committee, in my judgment, selected, contrary to
all parliamentary precedent, a majority ofthat com-
mittee from the enemies ofthat investigation, and
from those wh o had upon the record solemnly voted
against it, so that all inquiry was effectually de-
feated. I deny that organization here is the test of
my Democracy, or of that of any man in this land.
The only body I recognize as capable, in a party
sense, of declaring the principles which are to
guide me as a Democrat is the national Demo-
cratic convention. I recognize the resolutions and
platform of the last national Democratic conven-
tion which assembled at Cincinnati, in 1856. I
hold that those resolutions embody the precepts
of our faith. No congressional caucus, and no
Administration party vote upon the floor of this
House, upon any measure which the President
may recommend, can unmake my Democracy ^or
force me to forsake the pledges I made, in 1856,
to support the Cincinnati platform. Adhesion to
congressional caucuses, we know, has for years
been an exploded idea. I insist, whenever an
organization deserts the principles upon which
its representatives were elected, itacts treasonably
toward the party, and ia not deserving of respect.
8
For example: suppose I were a Presbyterian,
and the minister of my church should, from the
pulpit, begin to preach the diabolical doctrines of
the Thugs of India, would I be obliged to leave
the Christian religion and follow him inhisapos-
tacyr No, sir, I would continue to follow the
cross of our Saviour, as I have continued to abide
by the creed of our party pronounced at Cincin-
nati. ' The organization of'the Democratic party
must bo subordinate to principle, and not prin-
ciple to organization; and the doctrine that organ-
ization is paramount to principle is a political
heresy that the people of the United States have
rejected, and will indignantly reject in the future.
I have been surprised, sir, to see strict construc-
tionists of the South, and- the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] especially, insisting with
this effete Administration upon the infallibility of
organization.
I am accused in addition by the Constitution
with having called upon my Black Republican
friend Greeley, and ha ringentered into an arrange-
ment by which he was to yield me his support.
I assert, in respect to this gentleman that, until
after the adjournment of the first session of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, I never corresponded or
spoke with him. Ilis paper, nevertheless, sus-
tained my course during the whole of my oppo-
sition to the Lecompton policy of this Administra-
tion, as it had also generously and ably sustained
the course of Judge Douglas on that question.
I never had any understanding with him m my
life. H<' came to my support, as he came to the
support of Mr. Davis of Indiana, Messrs. Adrain
and Riggs of New Jersey, Messrs. Hickman and
Schwartz of Pennsylvania, and Messrs. Clark
and Reynolds of New York, and to the support
of Mr. Mcliibbin, who warred so bravely for prin-
ciple in California, but who had at last to yield be-
fore the myriads of office-holders in that State.
He came to our support, not that he expected us
to act with his party in the future, but to justify
and sustain each one of us for acting like honest
men in"vindicating the pledges upon which wo
had been elected. I am not one of those who feel
insensible to the able and the patriotic support
which the New York Tribune gave tc  each of us
in the eventful contest of 1858. tie is my con-
stituent, and although I differ with him in princi-
ple, yet from my knowledge of the man, I take
pride in saying upon this floor that he is undoubt-
edly honest in his views, and that, wherever he
is known, no man questions his sincerity or his
veracity, fie supported me knowing me to be a
Democrat and with a full knowledge of my views
in favor of popular sovereignty, as explained by
Judge Douglas in his interpretation of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill and as enunciated by the Presi-
dent himself in his letter of acceptance, where he
declared that the people of a Territory, like those
of a State, should decide the question of their do-
mestic institutions for themselves. Each and
every one of the gentlemen who have been abused
and stigmatized as mercenaries by the home organ
of the President, were supported by the Tribune
for election, or reelection, upon the same ground
that it sustained me, with a full knowledge that
they differed with Mr. Greeley in respect to con-
gressional intervention for the prohibition of sla-
very in the Territories, as they differed with
southern gentlemen who favored congressional
intervention for the protection of slavery in the
Territories.
The Constitution further alleges that I am for
the election of Colonel John W. Forney, of
Pennsylvania, to the Clerkship of this House, to
secure which a bargain has been entered into be-
tween his friends and the Republicans. I deny
this combination, whilst I confess that I am the
friend of Colonel Forney for Clerk. There is no
man throughout the length and breadth of this
country whose election would more completely
rebuke this Administration for its departure from
Democratic principles, its treachery to pledges
made in 1856, its extravagance, its proscriptions,
and the virulence of its federalism, than that of
Colonel John W. Forney. I amforhis election,
because it would be the vindication By the people
of an honest statesman ag&inst the arrbgdiice and
tyranny of an Administration of which Kc waa
the' Warwick. In him -sve havi beheld one, who
as'an editor, has sustained each arid 'all of us as
independent Democrats,in our districts'; and who,
as an orator of signal power, has carried convic-
tion by the force of his reason and his eloquence.
I remember that he went into the district of my
colleague, [Mr. Clark,] and thererna.de a Speech
m his support, which was both brilliant and ef-
fective. I cannot forget that he was, upon sev-
eral occasions, in the districts Gf my friends from
New Jersey [Messrs. Adrais and Riggs] doing
good service in their behalf. I would not, if I
could, forget that he did the same thing for me hr
my district, at Tarrytown; and that in Pennsylva-
nia, he was in the'districts of Messrs. Schwartz
and Hickman,battling nobly and successfully for
the right.
Anu, sir, let mo call the attention of the HouSe
to the fact that he, more than any other man, gave
the State of Pennsylvania to Mr. Buchanan iri
1856; arid that he, in 1858, more than $11 other
men combined, pl'aced the seal of condemnatiort
of that old Commonwealth upon James Buchanan;
its once favorite son, by a majority of over sev-
enty thousand of the popular vote, as shown in the
election of Representatives to Congress now on
this floor. For these eihinent services, rendered
in a righteous cause, not referring to his extraor-
dinary capabilities for the position which he has
already honorably held, I plead guilty to the
charge that it is nearest my neart, in the organ-
ization of this House, to see Colonel Forney
selected as its Clerk.
Now, sir, for the gist of this article, which is
an attempted defense of the Administration from
the effect of my charges in the debate between-the
distinguished gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lo-
gan] and myself. I then charged that it had been
extravagant and corrupt. The Administration
organ denies the charge, and challenges me to the
proof. When this becomes an organized House,
I trust that among the first things done will be
the selection of investigating committees to ex-
pose to the country still further grounds for that
charge than those which have been already pub-
lished. This is no time or place to get to that
work. Letmesay, generally, that when this Ad-
ministration came into power, there was in tho
Treasury a surplus of about twenty million dollars,
and thatnotwithstanding that, we were askedatthe
assembling of the first session of tho Thirty-Fifth
Congress to vote ยง20,000,000in Treasury notes, in
order that the Government might be carried on.
At the session following we were asked to vote
another $20,000,000. The expense of this Ad-
ministration of the Government for the last fiscal
year was about eighty million dollars, one third
larger than under any previous Administration.
Staring us in the face is the startling fact that in
two years the War Department alone has asked
appropriations exceeding in amount what was
required by that Department, when under Mr.
Marcy, during the Mexican war. No corrup-
tion, Mr. Clerk, in the sale of the Fort Snellihg
property for, I think, ยง90,000, at a time when
it was generally believed to be worth $200.000!
That property, we know, went into the hands of
the immediate and confidential friends of the Sec-
retary of War. No corruption m the purchase of
land for fortification purposes, at New Bedford,
for which sixty-eight or seventy thousand dollars
were paid, when it could have been obtained a
short time before for one fourth that amount!
That property was purchased just previous to
the safe to the Government by the friends of the
Secretary of War, and by them sold to the United
States. No corruption in the Utah war con-
tracts for the transportation of supplies to the
Army I No corruption in the mule contracts!
No corruption in the purchase of extravagantly
high priced ships for the useless expedition to
Paraguay, an expedition which has cost the Gov-
ernment millions, and resulted in rendering it
ridiculous forever! No corruption in the division
