1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a«-
ilies, exceeds the whole population of Phcenix-
villo. It would rouse us all from our slumber on
this great, national interest, if wo could only sec
the full development of manufactures in England
and Scotland.. As you enter within the suburbs,
thirty miles in circumference, of a manufacturing
city, you sec railroads crossing each other in all
directions, bringing in coal and iron ore to the
forges, whose fires, blazing from hundreds of
chimneys, make the night as brilliant as the day,
and the men, women, and children of a whole
distiict seem as if wrathfully engaged in tearing
up the solid earth, and burning it in one general
conflagration.
We continually hear, in some parts of our coun-
try, apprehensions expressed that Congress may
bestow some discriminating favor on our manu-
factures of iron, to the prejudice of some sections
of the Union. But this sensibility is nothing
compared to the alarms of the same kind continu-
ally expressed about a change of our policy, in
Great Britain. In eveiy forge, every furnace, in
eveiy cotton, woolen, carpet, glass manufactory
there, the question universally put to you is, is
there any danger that the tariff will be raised in
the United States? There the anxiety that the
United Suites shall practice the benignant prin-
ciple of free trade is intense and universal. You
can judge, sir, whether this anxiety arises out ot
a desire for our welfare or for the welfare of Great
Britain. To me, this building up by us of manu-
factures in Europe, has seemed unwise and
erroneous. I have 1101, indeed, seen my own
country, with its great resources and astound-
ing vigor, declining; but I have seen this system
develop the material wealth of Great Britain m
twenty-five years. The policy is not merely un-
wise in regard to revenue, but injurious in regard
to the political character and development of our
country. What is it that we do? We send only
raw matcuals and provisions to Europe, for a
distant and expensive market; which if we were
to build up a manufacturing interest, we should
find easier and moic profitable at home. Our
deficiencies we make up by sending abroad undue
proportions of our gold, at the cost and to the
gieat embarrassment of our currency, and often
to the great derangement of credit. We bring
back nothing but manufactured fabrics. IJow
docs this system tell on the emigration fiom
Em ope to the United States5 Whatever there is
throughout Europe of science, art, intelligence,
education, and skill, employed m manufactures
there is left to remain there, together with all the
profits they command, and all the incidental
benefits to society which result from them—all
these are left there, and we bring away, generally,
only laborers, day laborers, field laborers, to
produce more raw materials, and provisions to
(tnploy and subsist manufacturers in Europe.
We thus discriminate against art and improve-
ment in emigration, and in favor of ignoiance and
pauperism.
We continue doing all this, sir, while the immi-
gration which we induce by it is the enduring
cause of an incipient and continual heartburning
among the American people, fomented by com-
plaints—unjust, unnatural, and unwise, indeed,
but none the less disturbing and irritating—that
we bring classes of people from Europe to our
shores incompetent to the exercise of the fran-
chise* of citizenship. The same policy brings
the ignorant and the base from China into our
gold mines, and California protests against and
se"ks to deprive them of the very facilities of
mining industry. Nay, so far do we carry this
policy, that an interest is waxing strong anions; :
us which at once insists 011 excluding the skill '
and energies of European mechanics and artisans
voluntarily immigrating into our country and re- !
opening the slave-trade to cover our fields with ;
the barbarians of Africa. !
Such are the natural fruits of the policy we
have favored ho long and so blindly, and which
the effect of the present motion is to protract in-
definitely.
Mr. HAMLIN". Mr. President, the motion
now pending before the Senate is one to defer this
bill to the next session of this Congiess. It is a
urtvileged motion, and stands higher 111 the order
of privilege than a motion to amend. Senators,
therefore, who, with myself, are in favor of this
bill; who want to make a record of their vote, and
if left open to discussion, perhaps to discuss its
operations, arc prevented from doing so directly
by the very order in which the question is pre-
sented. A direct vote upon the bill as the matter
now stands cannot be had, nor can it be had at
all unless the Senate shall vote down the motion
to postpone to the next session. There is, X ap-
prehend, no other way to test the opinions of men
in regaid to this matter than by voting against the
postponement, and thus to bring the question
directly befoie the Senate. The only way we
can test our opinions is by voting against that
motion. The motion to defer to the next session
of Congress, preventing a vote upon the bill and
precluding all amendment, is the most effective
that can be made by those who arc determined
that no action shall be had at this session. For
the purpose of knowing precisely how men stand
on this question, I ask, when the vote be taken,
that it may be taken by yeas and nays, and let
that vote be a test upon the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE. Before the question is taken, I
will simply say that 1 am not at all certain that it
will not be the duty of Congress very soon tom-
civasf; the tariff, lor I do not believe it is good
policy or statesmanlike to borrow money very
frequently to pay debts. I think that our revenue
ought to "be sufficient for all necessary purposes.
We ought to have a tariff which would enable us
to collect the amount necessary for the support of
the Government. The bill now before us is not
exactly such a one as meets my approbation, nor
do 1 believe thatwe can,in the time we have left,
prepare such a bill as would meet the approval of
the Senate; and as this debatable matter will come
up early in the next session of this Congress, I
do not see that we can do better than test the pol-
icy of the Senator from Virginia, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, a few months longer;
and )f we shall find, as I believe we will, that the
amount of revenue derived fiom it shall not be
sufficient to meet the expenses of theGovernment,
then, for one, I shall go for increasing the tariff.
But, as 1 have just remarked, I think we have not
time now to consider it fahly and justly to the
country; and as only a few months will inter-
vene until we can have an opportunity of taking
:t up deliberately and making such a bill as may
be necessary, I shall at present vote for the post-
ponement.
Mr. SIMMON'S. Mr. Piesident, if the Sena-
tor from Virgmia.wiU consent to this bill going
over until after dinner, I shall want to address a
fww words to the Senate upon it, and I should like,
111 the first part of my remaiks, to address myself
to the Senator from Virginia, and put some in-
quiries to him. This is a proposition to postpone
this bill until the next session. Now, I desire to
ask the Senator from Virginia—for my memory
is not quite accurate about it—whether or not he
eierknewa loan bill that became a law which
originated in this body, and when ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Ticasury note bill ori-
ginated heir.
Mr. SIMMONS. Did not the House make
another Treasury note bill of precisely the same
tenor, and send it here upon a constitutional ques-
tion that they would not permit the Senate to
originate revenue bills? That is my recollection.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will not speak with cer-
tainty. My impression, though, is different.
Mr.SIMMONS, in regardtoailtheloan bills—
and my memory is very clear—since I have been
here, the House of Representatives has taken dis-
tinct exception to the origination of any money
bill by the Senate; and when we put on such a
provision as an amendment to another bill m 1858,
i am quite certain that the House of Rcpresent-
atives'would not consider our amendment, but
sent us a new bill. Both the measures which
have passed, making loans, since 1 came into the
Senate the last time, have been originated in the
House of Representati\es. 1 moved an amend-
ment to til- last loan bill, to prevent frauds upon
the revenue, w hen it was started here; but it way
laid on the table in the House upon the question
a* to the constitutionality of its origin. 1 was
watchingforn everv time 1 was in; but it slipped
through when I had not a chance of moving tin;
amendment-, but if it had originated tn the House
it would have removed all the objections to my
proposition. It was said then that we could not
originate anything that would bring revenue into
the"Treasury 5 but wc could originate loan bills.
I remember that very well. We have experience
before us—the experience of a House of Repre-
sentatives of the Senator's own political faith—
that they would not, as they ought not to, permit
the Senate to take the purse strings into its hands
under the Constitution of the United States; and
what are we to expect now ? This is a direct
attempt to overthrow the financial poliey of the
House of ^Representatives—-manifestly and coa-.
fessedly so. They sent us this very loan- bill
here as the first section of their tariff bill, and we
propose to postpone not only the loan bill, but,
the whole policy of the House of Representatives
m reference to the finances, to the next session;*
and what then ? Have you any assurance that
the House will retrace its steps in refcrenec to the
origination of a money bill in this body? I have
no such assurance I do not think the Senator
from Virginia can expect that a House that has
a majority not of his own party, will have less
scruples in regard to its constitutional rights than
one in which he had a majority of his friends cal-
culated to carry out any party scheme they might
have. 1 appeal to the Senator from Virginia if
he does not believe that the postponement of this
bill, as he proposes, to the next session, and our
adjourning upon it, will inevitably result in the
calling of an extra session. There cannot be a
doubt about it. There is not a pretense that this
Government can goon without some relief for the
next six months. There are $20,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes, and they are coming due from month
to month all the while. On the showing of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] there
will not be §500,000 in the Treasury, if the out-
standing claims upon it are brought in between
now and the end of the fiscal year. I do not be-
lieve there i*s enough there to meet them.
I think that the Senate, having a majority that
is responsible for the conduct of the finance, and
professing to be friendly to the Administration,
should reflect upon the position in which they
will place their friends by postponing the whole
of the financial measures to the next session, and
risking the fate of their party upon a doubtful
question of whether the House will agree to an
amendment originating a financial policy, when
the Constitution vests that power in them alone.
[ know there is a good deal of finesse and man-
agement m getting these bills one before the other.
1 did not know, until the Senator from Virginia
offered his loan amendment to the appropriation
bill, that that was the programme. 1 understood
the tariff bill was to be brought up after that ap-
propriation bill was through. The Senator from
Virginia wasabouthalf through his remarks when
1 came in; and being obliged to listen to him to
see what reasons he had, it did not occur to me
that I could have moved the second branch—that
is, the tariff branch of this bill—as an amendment
to his proposition, and thus bring him to a direct
vote. If I had been here when he started it, I
think I should have taken the rest of the bill and
moved it as an amendment; and I do not see how
he would have escaped a direct vote upon that, in
the face of the presidential election; and that is
what the scheme is, no doubt. The Senator from
Oregon will be very willing to take it tip at a short
session. Now, I never knew a tariff bill passed
at a short session except one, and that is the one
by which we have got in debt §60,000,000 in three
years. Our debtdoes not absolutely represent the
$60,000,000, because we had $20,000,000 on hand
in cash when this tariff went into operation. At
a long session, I never knew a tariff bill, changing
the revenue policy of the country, to get through
before the month of July, even when we organ-
ized at the commencement of the session and had
not so many subjects to distract us as we have
had this year. 1 complain of nobody that more
time has not been bestowed on this question, con-
sidering all things. Wo know what the character
of th<> discussion here has been: and considering
that this has been an eventful year, I donotchoose
to complain that the discussion has taken such a
turn; but I say there is nothing in the reasons as-
signed by the" Senator from Virginia for this post-
ponement. He says that there is not time now;
that it is a matter that wants a great deal of con-
sideration, involving a great many details, and
that it is impracticable to do it this summer; and
he proposes to postpone it to ashoi tsession, when
it is generally as much as we can do to pass the
mere legislation for carrying on the Government.
