114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
of the coal agency, made, I believe, for the pur-
pose- of returning the President's favorite, J.
Glancy Jones, from Berks county, against the
old Jackson Democrat who sits near me, [Mr.
Schwartz,] and in the facc of an outraged and
indignant constituency! No corruption in the
bestowal of the printing of the Post Office blanks,
as has been charged, and I believe nowhere de-
nied! No corruption there, where it is alleged the
contract was given to Mr. Rice, of the Philadel-
phia Pennsylvanian, with a view of supporting
that paper, and the Union, alias the Constitution,
as well as the Evening Argus, of Philadelphia! N o
corruption in the employment of extra hands in
immense numbers in the Philadelphia and Brook-
lyn navy-yards just prior to the elections, and
their dismissal immediately afterward! Why,
sir, it is well known throughout the North that
this has b'een the most extravagant and corrupt
administration of Government which the world
has seen since the days of "Walpole. So glaring
were these extravagancies and corruptions, that
during the last Congress, in which the Democrats
had a working majority, the power was taken
from the Secretary of War, after mature deliber-
ation, to sell the Government reservations, and
from the Secretary of the Navy the power of ap-
pointing agents for the purchase of coal for the
Navy, ana throwing coal supplies open to the
lowest bidder by contract! if the Administra-
tion members will permit a speedy organization
of this House, these matters can all be looked
into, I know, with beneficial results to the coun-
try.
Having thus replied to the specific charges con-
tained in the Constitution, permit me now to
briefly give to the House my views in relation to
its proceedings since the Clerk called the roll on
Monday last. We were elected to organize this
body, and to proceed with the legitimate business
of the country. The adjournment of the Thirty-
Fifth Congress without the passage of the appro-
priation bill for the support of the Post Office
Department, has compelled that Department to
proceed with the postal arrangements of the coun-
try, wi thout money to pay for them, and under con-
tracts based upon the honor of this Government to
promptly meet them on the assembling of the pres-
ent Congress. The contractors under this Depart-
ment since Monday last have been suffering for
the lack of means with which to supply their wants,
and to perform their engagements. The Adminis-
tration , through its representatives upon this floor,
immediately upon the roll being called, commenced
here an agitation upon the negro question by the
introduction of the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri. This subject might have been
considered with order and rtecorujn when the
House organized; and it is, in my opinion, clearly
out of place at present, under the circumstances
surrounding us. So far as the resolution is con-
cerned, I would suggest that it would have been
just as fair and proper for me, or any other mem-
ber, to have oflercd a resolution, provided John
Letcher, the present Governor elect of Virginia,
had been a member of this House and the candi-
date of the Administration for Speaker, proclaim-
ing that, inasmuch as he once, in a letter to Mr.
Rufncr, declared that slavery was "asocial and
political evil," he was, therefore, unfit to be the
Speaker of this House. Sir, that, resolution had
nothing legitimately to do with the business of the
country, or of this House. As well might a res-
olution have been introduced that, because some-
body signed a circular, favoring the use of Mrs.
Pease's hoarhound candy, as Clay and Webster
once did, therefore, such a recommendation un-
fitted the person so recommending it for becoming
Speaker. It was out of place, in my opinion. It
has aroused feelings in this House which should
never have been called up here. Scenes have been
witnessed upon this floor which have disgraced
this deliberative body in the eyes of tins whole
country and of the civilized world; and all this
has been produced by the introduction of this
resolution,
Mr. Clerk, I have heard upwards of a dozen
speeches already from gentlemen of the South,
proclaiming secession doctrines, in certain contin-
gencies, which doctrines have been applauded by
the galleries, in this southern city, where large
numbers of the men who daily fill them reside—the
employes and recipients of Government money.
Theyase, it seems, paid the people's mon,ey to
appear here and insult their Representatives. The
members from the free States have come here,
expecting to enjoy the hospitality for which the
South has always been celebrated, and not such
treatment as this. I have not heard from this
side one single speech or sentiment which has not
breathed devotion to the Constitution and the
Union, and a determination to faithfully main-
tain and protect the South in all of her constitu-
tional rights. I was pleased, on Saturday last,
when the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Miles] announced his devotion to his own State,
and proclaimed that, in that sense, he was a sec-
tional man. In the same sense, I proclaim my
devotion to the great interests of New York, the
Empire State of the Union, whose commerce pen-
etrates every part of the world. I am proud to
avow on this floor that I am a northern man;
but as a northern man, it is my desire to stand
up _hcre and proclaim that I am the brother of
the southern man. This is a compact between
coequal States, and I am in favor of respecting
and protecting the local laws, and of sustaining
each State in all its constitutional privileges in
this House. I heard, with the blood tingling
through my veins, the patriotic speech of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nfxson,] in which
he offered his devotion to the Union. In com-
mon with him, the Representatives from the free
States do the same thing; but it must not be ex-
pected that we will sit here and listen to gentle-
men on this floor charge aggression on the part
of the North, without stating that it has its rights
to be maintained, as well as the rights of the
South. I cannot forget that out of the taxation
received by the Government, three-fourths of the
expenses of the postal service of the country are
paid by the people of the free States. I cannot
forget that over one-half of the patronage of this
Government is concentrated among inhabitants
and citizens of southern States. I cannot forget
that the Army and Navy have had more than their
just quota of representatives from the southern
States. Yet I do not complain, although, the other
day, I heard the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] proclaim that they would hang all*of us
North who were suspected of a want of devotion
to southern interests, and take possession of the
Army and Navy. To that I say, "Who is afraid'"
Would it not have been in better taste to have
said that the Army and Navy should be used, if
necessary, for the purpose of preserving the Union
and sustaining the principles which underlie its
foundation^ Would it not have been better to
have insisted that, in case of an invasion of Vir-
ginia by fanatics from the North, the East, or the
West, that the Army should be called out by the
Executive to crush it, and that the same power
should be exerted in case of an invasion from the
South, or any other section, into a northern State ?
These violent denunciations, threatening us of the
North, who have the numerical strength, arc pro--«
ductive of prejudice, and are creating feelings
which, I fear, may not be allayed.
Sir, when I heard the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Crawford] assert, several days ago, in sub-
stance , that he was hot in favor of any more Castle
Garden Union-saving meetings for the purpose of
protecting the rights of the South, I felt gratified.
We have had recentexliibitions ofthiskindin Phil-
adelphia, Boston, and New York. It is notthose
who get up such meetings who will defend your
rights, gentlemen of the South, in the North.
The South itself is capable and must vindicate its
own rights, joined by the whole conservative
body oi the iSforth, with which I rank myself as
ready on any legitimate occasion to take up arms
to protcct her. Sir, those Union meetings arc too
frequently controlled by scheming politicians and
selfish merchants. It is one of the clap-trap schemes
of the day for advertising men and merchandise,
and many who engage in them know less of the
constitutional questions arising in this body and
the general politics of the country than the me-
chanics and laboring men throughout the free
States. If you rely upon them, you rely on the
sordid interests of men—of those who will not
do what the conservative body of the people from
the rural districts from which I come would do in
case of necessity,
Mr. Clerk, lot me indulge in a few words in
relation to this reckless raid of old John Brown.
I do not believe that there are one thousand men
the in all free States who justify his act of trea-
son. The people of the North desired to see the
laws of the country executed, and I heard no one
object to hanging him. There were, however,
many who admired his deportment from the time
of his arrest to the time of his execution, and
the bravery with which he met his final end.
Some sympathy may have been felt for the man,
but none for his act. And here I would ask,
whether there are not men in the South who are
accountable for setting bad examples. I allude to
those who last Congress justified General Walker
and his men in their invasion of Nicaragua, a
country with which we Were then at peace. Do
gentlemen upon the other side of the House justify
those who met in southern convention and pro-
claimed themselves in favor of reopening the
African slave trade, in opposition to the compro-
mises of the Constitution ? Do gentlemen upon
the other side justify the landing of a cargo of
slaves, by the Wanderer, upon the Southern coast
of the United States—an act which set at defiance
the law declaring the slave trade piracy ? While
there are gentlemen South' entertaining such ex-
treme views, is it to be wondered at, considering
the numerical superiority of the North, that there
should be found fanatics there ? Transplant Wen-
dell Phillips, William Lloyd Garrison, Parker
Pillsbury, and such men, South, and you would
make them fire-eaters, and take the fire-eaters of
the South into Massachusetts, and very likely they
would prove fanatics against slavery. We of the
ant-i-Lecompton legion, together with the patriotic
South Americans, who were with us last Con-
gress in our struggle, are against the extremists
of both sections of the Confederacy. We design
to maintain the Constitution and the laws, as
they have been handed down to us by our
fathers.
Now, a word or two in relation to the party
Eosition I occupy, speaking for myself. I have
een reelected to this Congress as an independ-
ent man. There are eight of us, all told, who
can say the same thing, namely: John G. Davis
of Indiana, Major Schwartz and John Hick-
man of Pennsylvania; Messrs. Adrain and Riggs
of New Jersey; and Messrs. Clark, Reynolds,
and myself, of New York. Each and all of us
were clected over organization, especially over
the Administration organization, in our dis-
tricts. We come here, if I may be permitted to
speak for all of us, occupying positions in this
Congress similar to those occupied by Roebuck,
Hume, Bright, and Milner Gibson, in the British
Parliament; who, when the Government is right,
vote with it, and when it is wrong, vote against it.
That is our position, so far aa this Administration
is concerned. Wc are conservative men, desirous
of representing our constituencies to the full ex-
tent of our ability, and at the same time feeling
that, elected as We have beenj^we arc—
 " pledged to no party's arbitrary sway,
But follow tiuth where'er it leads the way."
The difference between the anti-Lecomp'ton men
of this House and the Republicans is upon the
vital question before the country—the territorial
policy of the Administration. The Republicans,
m their party platform, insistupon congressional
intervention to prohibit the extension of the do-
mestic institution of slavery into the Territories.
That was the doctrine of John Yan Buren and all
those who supported the Buffalo platform of 1848.
Many southern men are now advocating congres-
sional intervention to protect the domestic insti-
tution of slavery in the Territories. The anti-
Lecomptonites take the middle and sound Demo-
cratic ground of legitimate popular sovereignty
in the organized Territories of the Union. They
insist that, by the legislation of 1850, when the
Republicans opposed the extension of the Mis-
souri line to the Pacific, and by the legislation of
1854, in the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
itwas designed that Congress should notintervene
for or against slavery; but that the people of the
Territories, through their Legislatures, orthrough
their constitutional conventions, might pass upon
this question, .as upon all others of domestic
concernment. There is a direct antagonism be-
tween us and the Republicans upon that question;
and there is also a direct antagonism between us
and certain southern gentlemen upon that ques-
tion. Notwithstanding this, it is a fact to be com-
mended, that, the Republicans, at the last session,
with a practical good sense for which they deserve
to bo commended, put themselves, by their votes,
