2078
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. CURTIS demanded tellers on the motion
to adjourn. *
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Adrain, and
Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
yeas 77, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four O'clock and twenty-
five minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 12, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I believe that the regular order
of business this morning is the consideration of
territorial business.
The SPEAKER. It is; but before the House
goes to territorial business, the matter in regard
to the resolution as to the reception of the Japan-
ese embassy was to be considered. The call for
the previous question is pending, and therefore it
is the first business m order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the President of the United States had noti-
fied the Senate that he did, on the 9th instant,
approve and sign bills and resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (S. No. 55) for the relief of Tilman
Leak;
An act (S. No. 56) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade;
An act (S. No. 57) for the relief of David S.
Porter;
An act (S. No. 70) for the relief of George
Stealey;
An act (S. No. 119) for the relief of A. M.
Mitchell, late colonel of Ohio volunteers in the
Mexican war;
An act (S. No. 150) for the relief of Madison
Sweetzer;
An act (S. No. 192) authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loan and issue stock
for £200,000 for building a market-house;
An act (S. No. 420) to authorize the issuance
of patentsin the name of James S. Douglass, upon
certain land entries made at Choccliuma, Mis-
sissippi;
A resolution (S. No. 7) for the relief of the legal
repiesentatives of John A Frost, deceased; and
A resolution (S. No. Ill) authorizing Captains
William I,. Hudson and Joshua It. Sands to ac-
cept certain testimonials awarded to them by the
Government of Great Britain.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (II. R.
No. 499) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 1800, with sundry amendments, ill
which Ire was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had ordered tho printing
of the following documents:
Resolutions of the Legislature of California in
favor of the establishment of a mail route from
Red Mulls to Susonville; in favor of the enact-
ment of a law to provide for floating the sixteenth
and thirty-second sections of land donated to the
State for the support of common schools; and in
favor of the establishment of a new land district
in the northern part of Sacramento valley.
Also, a communication from C. >S. Drew, late
adjutant of the second regiment of Oregon volun-
teers, giving an account of the origin and early
prosecution of the Indian war in Oregon.
Also, Governor Stevens's Pacific railroad re-
port—ten thousand nine hundred and fifty copies.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the deficiency bill,
that has just been returned from the Senate, with
the Senate amendments thereto, be leferred to the
Committee of Ways and Moans.
The motion was agreed to.
OBSERVATION OP SOLAR ECLIPSE.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire the gentleman from
North Carolina to yield me thefloor for a moment
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly.
Mr, PETTIT. My purpose, Mr. Speaker, "is
to ask, at the instance of the Committee on the
Library, the unanimous consent of the House to
take from the Speaker's table the joint resolution
of the Senate (No. 35) providing for the obser-
vation of the eclipse of the sun, which' will occur
on the 18th of July next. I ask that it be read for
information.
Mr. THOMAS* I object to the consideration
of the resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is not one dollar of
appropriation in it.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. We all know that
it is to cost money.
Mr. 'PETTIT. Let the resolution be read.
The Clerk read the resolution. It authorizes
and directs the superintendent of the Coast Survey
to furnish a vessel and provisions for the convey-
ance, to the most suitable point on the eastern
coast of the continent for observations of the total
cclipse of the sun, of astronomers, not exceeding
five in number, and their assistants, to be selected
by the superintendent of the Coast Survey* pro-
vided that the United States shall not be liable to
any other charge, on account of said astronomers
and assistants, than their conveyance and pro-
visions; and that they shall furnish their obser-
vations for the use of the Coast Survey, without
further charge to the Government.
Mr. THOMAS. I object to the lesolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I would ask
the gentleman from Indiana if otheivGovevnment&
have acted in this matter?
Mr. PETTIT. 1 beg to say, in answer to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the continental
Governments of Europe, without exception, have
made provision for carrying on observations on
their own coasts and within their own territory.
It is competent for the Coast Survey to make
these observations withm our own territory.
This eclipse, which is total, beginning in its cen-
tral part on our western coast, near Steilacoom, in
Washington Territory, proceeds in a path not far
from our northern boundary, reaching the ocean
on the coast of Labrador, and then deflecting to a
southeastern course, crosses the ocean, traverses
tho Spanish peninsula, and onwards to northern
Africa. JNow, although it is competent for the
Coast Survey to make observations along our own
coast, and within our own territory, that depart-
ment is not warranted by law in making these ob-
servations outside of this country, unless a law
expressly confers the power on it.
With a view, then, of establishing more accu-
rately the lunar tables, and assisting in the de-
termination of longitudes, these observations are
necessary on our part as auxiliary to those going
on elsewhere; and it is but just to the interests
of setcnce that we should concede so much for a
purpose that has at the same time m itself so much
public use, and promises so much public honor. I
trust there will be no objection to the resolution,
for the reason that it makes no appropriation
whatever, and that it invokes nothing except the
means which wo have at command, and which
could readily be applied to the purpose, if the law
permitted it.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to say, in addition to
what the gentleman from Indiana has said, that
this matter has been the subject of examination
before the Committee on Commerce, who have
instructed me to report a resolution substantially
similar to that passed by the Senate. I only failed
to make the report bccausc the proper time has not
arrived. I am very glad that it is in the hands of
the gentleman from Indiana.
I wish to say, in addition, that arrangements
have been entered into to make observations upon
the Pacific coast, and also upon the line of shadow
as it passes over our continent, and it is gnly for
the purpose of enabling the department to make
examinations and observations at the point where
the shadow leaves our coast at Labrador that this
resolution is offered. I would say, also, that the
astronomers do not ask any compensation at all.
They are willing to devote all this time, and to
expend theirpersonal services, and the only object
of the resolution is to enable the Coast Survey to
supply them with a vessel and provisions.
Mr. THOMAS. I rise to a question of order.
I have objected to the consideration of this reso-
lution, and debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. As the objection is insisted
on, of course no debate is in order
- Mr. ELIOT. I desire to say one word more,
with the permission of the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I only desire to say that the reso-
lution must be passed very soon, m order to be
effectual.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order. Debate is notinorder. lam tired of talk.
I want to act.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts,
by unanimous consent, the Committee on Man-
ufactures was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of the Emigrant Agricul-
tural and Manufacturing Association of Mantua,
Kansas, and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
The SPEAKER stated, as the business first in
order, the following resolution offered yesterday
by Mr. Branch:
Resolved, That when the House adjourns on Saturday,
it adjourn to meet on Monday, at three o'clock.
The pending question being on the amendment
proposed by IVlr. Crawford, to strike out " Mon-
day at three o'clock," and insert "Tuesday
next/'
Mr. BRANCH. I called the previous question
upon the resolution yesterday.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will inquire for
what purpose this adjournment is asked?
Mr. BRANCH. I will withdraw the demand for
the previous question, for the purpose of stating
that it is asked with a view of enabling*members
of this House, who shall see fit to do so, to be at
the navy-yard on Monday at twelve o 'clock, when
the Japanese embassadors arrive. It is not pro-
posed to give them, so far as this House is con-
cerned, any official reception. It is not proposed
that the House shall go as a House to meet them.
But it is proposed that the House shall adjourn
to give an opportunity to those members who
desire to be present on the occasion to go in their
individual capacity. That is the sole purpose,
and having stated it, I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In other words,
the House is to adjourn to witness a raree-show.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I think it hardly fair
for the gentleman from North Carolina to debate
the question half a dozen times, and each time
to close his remarks by demanding the previous
question. For my part, I think the resolution
ought not to be passed; but that this House should
procced to the discharge of the business before it.
Mr. BRANCH. I have not debated the ques-
tion. 1 have merely stated the object of the mo-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it in order now
to move to lay the resolution upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I make that motion,
so as to tost tho sense of the House. I am op-
posed to the resolution from beginning to end.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Humphrey
and Underwood were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-nine; noes not counted.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordcied to be put.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
amendment.
Mr. MeKNIGHT called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 hope thegentle-
man will not insist on the yeas and nays on the
amendment. I am willing that they should be
taken on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. McKN 1GHT. I want them on the amend-
ment. I am willing that the House should either
adjourn over until Tuesday, or not adjourn at all;
but I am not willing to adjourn over until three
o'clock on Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Toilers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
