1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
squarely upon the doctrine of popular sovereignty,
as contained in the Crittenden-Montgomery bill,
and acted with the anti-Lecomptonites in expos-
ing the corruption and extravagance of the Ad-
ministration, as did also some of those patriotic
gentlemen lcnown as southern Americans. There
is more sympathy between us than I can feel for
the Administration men, who opposed us in every-
thing during the last Congress; and I am therefore,
if necessary, willing to join the general opposition
to the policy and measures of this Administration,
in the past as well as the future, in the speedy
organization of this House, so that the legitimate
business of the country may be proceeded with.
A word or two, Mr. Cleric, in relation to the
proscriptions of this Administration, and its op-
position to the Democracy of Illinois, and the in-
dependent Democrats outside of that State on this
floor, and I conclude. I desire that the country
shall understand that I approve the principles of
Judge Douglas. X sustained him throughout his
gallant fight during the whole of the last Congress
against the territorial policy of this Administra-
tion, and I sympathize with him nowin the position
which he occupies in his own State, acting there
within the regular forms of the organization. I
can safely assert that he has sympathized with and
justified the independent Democrats, who have
been elected to this House for the course which
they pursued in their several districts. I say this
because the Administration in his own State set
the example.of disorganization by the repudiation
of the regular candidates of the party, and the
running of stump candidates against them, put-
ting Black Republicans, so called, in office, and
removing from office all men who sympathized
with Judge Douglas Recognizing, as I do,
State sovereignty in the affairs of politics, I claim
the right to insist upon a proper amount of respect
to district sovereignty, which, through the will
<of the majority of the people, elected each of us;
anti-Lecompton Democrats to thio House. The
most of us represent three elenents of the politi-
cal parties of the day—the Republican, the Amer-
ican, and the anti-Lecompton Democratic element.
We could not forget if we would the respect which
is due to each of these elements for coming to our
support, and sustaining us against the proscrip-
tions of the Federal power; and we could not, or at
least I could not, stultify myself by voting upon
the organization of this House for an Adminis-
tration candidate for the Speakership, to whose
election I am satisfied a majority of my constit-
uents are opposed. Self-respect, if no other con-
sideration, will preventme assisting te electan Ad-
ministration candidate for Speaker of this House.
I desire to be thus explicit, because- the country
should know the position of each of us independ.-
ent men upon this floor.
In conclusion, Mr. Clerk, let me say that it is
susceptible of the clearest proof that Mr. Buch-
anan is responsible for the demoralization of the
Democratic party, and the resuscitation of the
Republican party. In the belief that his pledges
of justice to the people of Kansas would be ful-
filled, and that the people there, under the terri-
torial organization given to them by Congress,
should for themselves decide in reference to their
own domestic institutions, succeeding the presi-
dential election, the States of New York, Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, and Indiana, elected Dem-
ocratic State officers by triumphant majorities.
At the Thirty-Fifth Congress, one hundred and
twenty-eight members of Congress were returned
to this House who voted for Mr. Orr as the Dem-
ocratic nominee for Speaker. Immediately Mr.
Buchanan developed his territorial policy, forced
Governor Walker to resign, and urged the accept-
ance of the Lecompton constitution, then the Re-
publican party lifted up its head, and the Demo-
cratic party, under the load put upon it by this
Administration, went down into the dust before
the indignation of an outraged people. There are
here, at this Thirty-Sixth Congress, one hundred
and thirteen gentlemen claimed as Republicans,
and there have been accessions from the South to
the ranks of the Opposition to this Administra-
tion, and losses, of course, to the ranks of the
latter; and, sir, we have of late seen the Demo-
. cratic conventions in the free States throwing over-
board this Jonah, who, if kept m our midst,must
sink our ship, and adopting platforms in direct
antagonism to the territorial policy of this Admin-
istration, In most of them delegates have been
chosen to Charleston in favor of Senator Doug-
las, the champion of popular sovereignty. All
these things are attributable to the extravagance
and faithlessness to pledges of this Administra-
tion; and, sir, the Democratic party need not
expect to succeed in 1860 unless it ignores this
Administration altogether.
Mr. NOELL obtained the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. NOELL. I hope the gentleman will not,
if he can, take the floor from me, and make a long
speech, as the gentleman from New York did.
Mr? ADRAIN. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. NOELL. I believe I have the floor, unless
it can be wrested from me by a question of priv-
ilege. But I do not understand that gentlemen
have the right to take the floor from mo for any
such purpose.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missouri
was recognized as upon the floor.
Mr. NOELL. And the questionnow is whether
these gentleman can take it from me by rising to
questions of privilege ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that it
is not competent for one gentleman to take the floor
from another except upon a question of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk so understands the
parliamentary law, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot proceed except with the consent
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to yield to me a moment.
Mr. NOELL. I must decline.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That the remarks of the
gentleman from Missouri may not cut me of from
replying to the gentleman from New York, I de-
sire to say one word, lie quotes mo as having
said that I did not want to see any more Union
meetings in the North for the protection of our
rights. I simply desire to say to that gentleman
that I said no such thing.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that I would not misquote him. I understood
him to say that he did not want any more Union-
saving meetings at Castle Garden. I may have
been mistaken; if so, I stand corrected.
Mr. CRAWFORD. You will find what I said
reported in the Globe.
Mr. FLORENCE. I feel it to be my duty to
myself at this moment, [laughter,] for I did not
care about interpolating in the gentleman's re-
marks, nor did I-care about replying to them 
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Cleric, 1 insist on my right
to the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missouri
has the floor, and refuses to yield.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman will, I am
sure, give me a mornentto make a single remark.
I desire to say, Mr. Clerk, that there was no fraud
committed in giving poor men employment at the
Philadelphia navy-yard last year, [laughter;] and
1 tell you and the Housfe ana the country, that if
the same opportunity presents itself, the same
number of poor men will be employed there this
year, whether the election occurs or not, [laugh-
ter.] I stand on this floor as the champion of
that class of men, who need defenders; and I am
always ready to vindicate myself and my course
in regard to that class of people. Now, another
thing: the gentleman and I differ as to the cor-
ruptions of the Administration.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Cleric 
The CLERK. The gentleman frtfm Pennsyl-
vania is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have the floor.
The CLEKK.. The gentleman from Missouri
has the floor, and' refuses to yield.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, he yields to me for a
moment. [Laughter.]
The CLERK. The gentleman states to the
Clerk that lie refuses to yield the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I beg the gentleman'spar-
don. I will payfmy respects to my friend from
New York some other time.
Mr. HASKIN. I hope you may. I am al-
ways ready and hajDpy to see you. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am only standing up for
the right. That is all.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the Clerk state what
the question before tne House is ?
The CLERK. The pending question before
the House is the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania JWr. Hickman] to amend the Jour-
nal of Friday. This mo.rning, the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] obtained the
floor, and asked leave to introduce a resolution,
to which objection was made. The pending ques-
tion is the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to amend the Journal; and on that the
fentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noeli.] has the
oor.
Mr. NOELL. I had not intended, Mr. Clerk,
to occupy the time of the House with any observa-
tions of mine on the exciting question of slavery.;
but rather to maintain that position so appro-
priate to a new member on this floor—that of
silence. But, sir, in my humble opinion, this
debate has been permitted to travel far beyond its
legitimate scope. The resolution offered by my
colleague [Mr. Clark] did not involve the exten-
sion or the range of debate that has taken place
on this floor. For the purpose, then, of bringing
back this House to the real question before it, I
shall undertake to present my views on the im-
portant question that I consider to be involved in
this controversy.
Sir, the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt,1 at an early period of this discussion, read
to this House a speech delivered by Senator Sew-
ard, of New York—the great ana distinguished
leader of the Republican party on this floor—soma
ten or eleven years since, in the State of Ohio.
We find that in that speech, delivered at so re-
mote a period of time, the irrepressible conflict
programme was unmistakably laid down. I. un-
dertake to assert on this floor that from th^t pe-
riod to this, and even before then, there has been
a party in this country which has consistently and
persistently carried out this programme. It was
manifested in their efforts to pass the celebrated
Wilmot proviso. It developed itself in their de-
termination, after the war with Mexico had closed,
to prevent the extension of the Missouri com-
promise line to the Pacific, as was demanded by
the representatives of the South. It developed
itself when they succeeded in defeating that de-
mand, in their relentless opposition to the com-
promise measures of 1850, and particularly in
their opposition to the fugitive slave law. It man-
ifested itself, after the adoption of those measures,
in their agitation of the question of the repeal of
the fugitive slave law through the northern States.
It manifested itself in the decapitation of Millard
Fillmore by the northern Wnig party of this
Union, for no other reason than bccause he had
sustained these compromise measures and en-
forced the execution of the fugitive slave law.
That determination to carry out this irrepressible
conflict programme of Senator Seward again de-
veloped itself in their efforts to defeat the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, in its application
to the Territory of Kansas—a compromise whicjh
the whole anti-slavery party of the North had
repudiated four years before. It would be a boot-
less task, on my part, to follow this system of ag-
gression on the rights of the people of the south-
ern States through all its changes and variations,
and under all the circumstances where it was
manifested.
But, sir, I will pass over those incidents which
intervened between the enactment of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill and that great incident which has
given rise immediately to this discussion. I bring
myself down to the spring of the present year.
An instrumentality, fit and apt to carry out the
determination that has manifested itself for so
long a period of time in this country, presented
itself to the consideration of the Republican lead-
ers. What was that instrumentality? It was
the notorious and infamous publication which has
given rise to this discussion. They seized upon
. it with greedy avidity; they sent it forth to the
world to do its work of desolation and bloodshed,
by indorsing it and recommending its circulation,
not only in the northern States, but in the South.
Time rolls on. We assemble upon this floor as
Representatives of the people from the various
sections of the Union, and are about to proceed
to the organization of the House for the enact-
ment of laws for the government of this great Re-
public My colleague, [Mr. Clauk,] for the
purpose of vindicating the honor and rights of
the South, and for the purpose of passing censure
on those gentlemen who were so far forgetful of
their duty as patriots as to indorse and recom-
mend this infamous -and incendiary publication,
offered his resolution. Now, I undertake to say
