2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
other questions. I ask that my point of order
may be decided. Can this bill be taken up this
morning, after it was laid upon the table yester-
day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the bill is properly before the House. It
comes up regularly, because it was postponed, on
Thursday, to this day.
Mr. GROW. I propose to trespass upon the
attention of the House only for" a moment.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Let me understand
the decision of the Chair on my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. From that decision
I take an appeal. *
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move that that appeal
be laid upon the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that a bill which was laid upon
the table yesterday comes up in order this morn-
ing ?
The SPEAKER. Not at all.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then, what does the
Chair decide?
The SPEAI1ER. The bill now before the
House is not the bill that was laid upon the ta-
ble. A bill laid upon the table yesterday cannot
come up in order this morning. The bill now
before the House was postponed from Thursday
to this day. Whether the bill of yesterday was
the same as he bill now before the House, the
Chair cannot decide. The Chair thinks that if
any point of order were to be made upon the sub-
ject, yesterday was the proper time.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If that decision be cor-
rect, then the action of this House can never be
conclusive on any bill. If a bill be defeated, any
member can arise and, making a verbal altera-
tion, reintroduce the bill.
Mr. CASE. I object to debate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me appeal to gentlemen
to let this bill pass upon the action taken in the
House on yesterday. If the matter be contested
now, the Territories will lose all of the time de-
voted to their business; if not, we can go on and
dispose of the legitimate territorial business.
Mr. GROW. I propose only to occupy the
attention of the House for a few moments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill be laid
upon the tabic.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has not the floor
to make that motion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I withdraw my ap-
peal.
Mr. GROW. I have but a few words to say
to the House; and J can do it in much less time
than you have consumed on this point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
upon what bill the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has the floor? He has submitted some motion to
th" House; and I desire to know what that is?
The SPEAKER It is a bill to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Idaho.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Now, is there any
question of order raised upon that?
The SPEAKER. There is no question of or-
der pending at present. The gentleman is making
remarks upon the bill he has introduced as the
chairman of the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I rise to a
question of order. It is that the bill was disposed
of yesterday by its beina laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That question lias been
already raised, and overruled by the Speaker.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well; if the
Chair is satisfied that that bill was laid upon the
table yesterday 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not satisfied
that that bill was laid on the table. If it had been
laid on tho table, the Chair would have decided
the point of order otherwise than he did. This
bill was not before the House yesterday.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Globe sore-
ports.
The SPEAKER. The Globe is not the Journal
of tins House. I cannot take newspapers to con-
trol this House.
Mr. GROW. 1 have but a few remarks to
make.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have not yet done
with my question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that question; and that must end it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I call for the
reading of the Journal to see how that matter is.
The SPEAKER. The question which the gen-
tleman raises has already been decided upon the
point raised by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Clark.] We cannot reconsider every point
and motion raised here. The point has been ex-
pressly decided; and an appeal taken from that
decision and then withdrawn; and I think the
gentleman from Virginia ought to be satisfied with
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I want just
one moment more. I desire to know whether this
is the bill that was laid upon the table yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair expressly said it
was not.
Mr.GROW. I havebutafewremarkstomake.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I hope the gentle-
man will tell us the difference between this bill
and the bill which was laid upon the table yes-
terday.
Mr. GROW. When the gentleman gets through
his point of order I will tell him the difference.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 want to see
whether tho point of order is properly applied,
and 1 can only determine that by knowing the
difference.
Mr. GROW. I have stated that once.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise for inform-
ation.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman cannot take the
floor from me for thepurposo of obtaining inform-
ation; and I cannot yield.
The bill now before the House -js a bill to
organize the Territory to be called Idaho, with
boundaries stated, wherein it is provided that two
thirds of the Territorial Legislature may over-
rule the veto of the Governorupon any bill. The
bill which was laid upon the table yesterday
required only a majority to overrrule the Gov-
ernor. But the point gentlemen raise this morn-
ing upon this bill should have been raised yes-
terday upon that bill, if they desired to test this
question; and if objection had been raised yester-
day to the introduction of tho bill, I should not
have introduced it. But no objection was made;
and I introduced it, and introduced it first, be-
cause this organization is the most important or
all the proposed Territories, and I wanted to make
that a test of the sense of the House.
All this difficulty arises out of the fact that gen-
tlemen will not take my remarks as I make them,
or, in the confusion of the Hall, they do not hear
them correctly, and the liaxt day they complain
of bad faith. I have said that if any gentleman
had yesterday made objection to my introducing
the bill, I should have laid it aside, and not re-
ported it; and if these bills forthe organization of
I'erritories were to come up at all, I believed this
to be the most meritorious of the whole number.
I wanted the sense of the House upon this one;
and I intended to take the indication of the House
upon this as a test. Therefore I introduced that
bill, and mended that gentlemen should have an
opportunity to introduce their amendments and
discuss-them in the time that might be left after
disposing of the business of the existing Terri-
tories, so that I would have got a test of the senso
of the House, and 1 intended to follow it.
Now, I come to the remarks I wish to make
upon the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
that the bill the gentleman now proposes to talk
about is the bill which was up on Thursday?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, And set down for
consideration to-day ?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And no change
made in it?
Mr. GROW. It stands exactly as it stood on
Thursday.
Mr. GARTRELL. What is the difference be-
tween this bill and the bill of Thursday?
Mr. GROW. Well now, knowing the usual
attention of the gentleman from Georgia to busi-
ness, I am surprised at his question. I have
stated what would be its answer three times this
morning, standing in my place here,
Mr. GARTRELL. I heard the statement of
the gentleman, but others around me did not, and
they desire to know what that difference is.
Mr. GROW. I thought the gentleman could
not have been asking for his own information, for
I am well aware of his usual attention to business.
The bill now under consideration provides that
when the Governor vetoes a billit shall not become
a law unless it is overruled by two thirds of each
branch of the Legislature.
The bill under consideration yesterday provided
that the veto of the Governor should not affect
a bill, if it was afterwards passed by a majority
of the Legislature. . _ -
That is the difference between these two bills,
and the statement of what was done yesterday,
and how the business was left before the House;
so that gentlemen may not hold me responsible
for bad faith, as has been intimated here to-day.
What could have been gained by it? I wanted
the House to take this bill, where there are fifteen
or twenty thousand people without a government,
and to establish some system of government for
them; and when they had considered the case of
this people, as the most meritorious of all tho
cases which were to be presented, I proposed to
be governed by their decision. Hence, I intro-
duced the bill yesterday, after the refusal of the
House to consider first the existing Territories,
for the organization of the Territory of Idaho,
supposing that, if any one did noi want the bill
introduced, he would object; because a similar
bill was postponed for to-day. I thought, if you
wanted new territorial governments, I was enti-
tled to have the sense of the House upon the most
meritorious one, instead of taking one of the least
meritorious.
Here are fifteen or twenty thousand people with-
out any government, except such as they make
for themselves without any authority of any rec-
ognized law-making power. It is the most chi-
merical idea over heard of, that any number of
people may go into our Territories and build up
a government outside of the jurisdiction of the
United States, and without its authority. If they
can do that, they can go on and annex themselves
to any Government upon earth. If they have
no authority from Congress for their action, then
they are outside of your jurisdiction, and no man
can present a case in the local courts that he
can bring before the courts of the United States.
There is no provision for an appeal to the United
States courts, and cannot be till alaw of Congress
passes to organize theTerritory, or in some other
way to give them that authority. How, then, are
citizens of unorganized Territories to have their
rights adjudicated in the courts of the country,
and have them brought under the Federal juris-
diction?
Mr. THAYER. I would like to know if the
gentleman refers to any member of this House as
entertaining this idea, or if he refers to me as en-
tertaining it?
Mr. GROW. I refer to an idea which I have
heard advanced horc.
Mr. THAYER. I should like the gentleman
to tell mo whether I have advocated any such
idea
Mr. CASE. I object to interruptions.
Mr. GROW. It would be impossible for me
to follow the gentleman from Massachusetts in
all his eccentricities, or to find out all the points
of his doctrines. The idea, as I understand it,
was this: that the people of a Territory of the
United States can form a government without first
having authority from Congress. That idea I
have heard. Then, if the people do form such a
government, they are outsiue of your jurisdiction;
and although thev have established it on ihe soil
belonging to the federal Government, their gov-
ernment is independent of the Federal Govern-
ment, and you have no control or supervision
over them. Now, what is the duty of this Gov-
ernment ? My notion is this: that if this Govern-
ment has power to acquire territory, that power
carries with it the right and the duty either to
provide a government for the territory it acquires,
or to make arrangements and provisions for hav-
ing a government established over it. The Gov-
ernment cannot discharge its duty to such acquired
territory, unless it either establishes a government
of itself, or provides for establishing one. No
citizen of the Republic can complain that he must
change some of his rights of citizenship when he
goes into a Territory, or think it any greater hard-
ship than when he goes from one State into any
other State of the American Union.
