THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY 7oiIN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. cT
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Sessiok.
SATURDAY, JUNE 16, 1860.
New Series No. 190.
raw material. Now, we have received memo-
rials saying that cast steel is a raw material. I
should like to know what iron ore, and pig iron
and liar iron are ? It has to go through a great
many processes from the raw material before it
gets to be cast steel. I suppose, on the same
principle, that a watchmaker could say that the
mainspring of his watch was of steel, and should
come in as raw material. There is no propriety
in talking about steel, or any other thing that
bears the labor of man, as a raw material. There
can be no such thing. The raw material is such
as is given us by the Creator. Whatever is man-
ufactured or fabricated by the hand of man, ceases
to be a raw material, and bccomes a subject of
labor, property; and under that broad distinction,
every bill that is passed in every civilized coun-
try ought to be characterized. Whatever is added
to the value by the labor of man is subject to the
protection and encouragement of the Govern-
ment-under which he lives, no matter what it is;
whether it is in raising sheep for fabricating
woolen cloth, or making it up into clothing. There
should be no invidious discrimination made be-
tween these classes of labor, t am astonished
that any men should get up and say this is a raw
material, and therefore we have a right to the en-
couragement of the Government. The shepherd
who tends his sheep-is just as much entitled to
encouragement as the man who makes the cloth.
Such articles as are not fabricated or produced,
or .do not come in competition with the labor of
our people, it is wiser in the Government to ad-
mit at a lower rate of duty, for the benefit and to
encourage the very industry that takes hold of,
and fabricates it into other forms, for the benefit
of man. When a man comes to tell me that this
form of labor and that form of labor must be
stricken down, I tell him he knows nothing about
what the intention of a liberal Government is to-
wards the producing classes of the country. I
am out of patience with all such men, who come
here with their special interests to put down
Others as much entitled to the confidence and pro-
tection and encouragement of this Government
as they are themselves. 1 shall make no dis-
tinction, but will give to each what is sufficient
to give him the market of his country against all
foreign competitors; and that he is entitled to, let
him be in what department of labor he may.
But such has been the adroitness with which
demagogues have managed this subject that they
have embittered whole families of labor against
each other, and set biotheragamst biother, where
there should be a common sympathy among all.
Take half a dozen employments, and you can
convince the men engaged in every one of them
that it is his interest to have the labor of his
brother low. There are more of us who wear
hats than make them; and if I were to appeal to
men in this Senate, do you not want hats low, as
there would be sixty-four who would want to buy
them, and but one to sell them, of course there
would be but one vote to sixty-four. So it is in
every pursuit. You can get a majority against
the labor of every man and of every pursuit in
society, if you onlyinduce all the others to agree
to this false belief that it is the great end of every
man to reduce the wages of labor; and of all men,
those who produce anything are the last men who
should agree to it. Tins great field of labor, and
the pursuits in it, and the productive labor of the
country in every one of its diversified pursuits,
hasacommon interest; and there is but one com-
mon antagonistic interest to them, and that is,
those who get their living without labor—those
who work for a fixed salary for long periods, or
those who live upon the receipt of income from
capital. They may have a different interest. It
may be to the interest of those who produce
nothing to have the products of labor as cheap as
they can. It is very doubtful to me whether it
is even to their interest; but certainly it is to no
one's else.
This dogma, that then? is an advantage in hav-
ing the products of laoor low, even if men own it
themselves, is the most fallacious opinion that
190
ever was entertained by men. What benefit can
it be to have the products of labor low ? Let us
analyze where labor finds its markets. You may
fabricate it in the fields, you may fabricate it in
the workshops, but the return of the wages of
that man's labor, however distant it may be, is
the result of his product in the market. Every
laboring man finds his reward from the market
price of the products of his labor; and when that
is low, his wages must be low. • Men will not
hire otheis to produce wheat and give good wages
when wheat is low. They cannot afford it. If
they were to do so, they would find their aceounts
settled very soon;" and it would be in bankruptcy.
It is the interest of every department to have a
generous price for the products of labor, and it is
for the general prosperity of the country, even
for those who live without labor. It is the only
way to advance and to elevate the groat masses
of society. Nothing should more attract the atten-
tion of statesmen than to form the system of com-
merce and revenue and trade in such a way as
greatly to advance the laboring man, both in the
rewards of labor and in the inducements to diver-
sify and improve and adorn everything that is a
product fabricated for the use of man.
This bill is intended to accomplish that object,
not by any extravagant rates to allow a margin
for people to go to sleep upon and get a revenue,
but that, by close attention to industry and by fair
application, they shall see that they can contiol
the market of their, own country, in spite of the
labor and cheap capital of the world; and that
they have a right to demand from a free Govern-
ment, if they are a free people. It is a singular
| spectru-le in the Senate of the United States, with
j our form of Government, to hear arguments made
I and memorials presented here, gotten up in com-
• mercial cities by the agency of foreign producers,
I to distract and divide the producing classes of our
! own country. When I see a man handing in a
memorial here,designed and intended to produce
that effect, I want to address him privately, and
open'up the secrets of this underhand system,
winch is fastening on the minds of even Senators
of tins great Republic. 1 have never yet seen an
appeal made to Congress from any quarter of this
country, or any class of producing men in this
country, saying that their labor was interfered
with by the productions of labor, however broad,
that I did not respond to the call to the extent of
the requisition—the same to piotect sugar in Lou-
isiana as the wool that is grown upon the mount-
ains of Vermont. I believe the piosperity of this
country, in all sections, is bound up in a com-
mon interest, and that the Government is intended
to promote the common prosperity of all.
i shall not go over this matter of the probabil-
ity of reaching the amount of revenue required
for the Government by the present rates of duty.
I will refer to the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury for the last year. We got, as he
thought, an ample allowance for the last three
quarters of the first year by this tariff, deducting
one fourth for the diminution of imports. He
made a statement that the duties under the act of
1846 amounted to an average of twenty-five per
cent, upon the importations, and made an allow-
ance for the diminution of imports on the first
three quarters, of a further deduction; and then,
by the statement he made, the tariff of 1857 had
reduced the duties under the tariff of 1846 about
one fourth more; leaving it about nineteen per
cent, under the present tariff. Upon that estimate
I took issue with him at the time when the report
came in. I said that he had made a mistake, in my
deliberate judgment. That has given rise, I be-
lieve, to a discussion every year since. He esti-
mated the receipts for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1859—that is last year—to be $69,500,000;
and it was not S50,000,000. He missed it by more
than $19,000,000. Since then he has made more
accurate estimates, of course. I ciphered up all
these duties, and the average duty under the tariff
of 1846 was about twenty-seven and a half per
cent.; and the average duty under this bill was
about fifteen or sixteen per cent. I stated at the
time that wc got about twenty-five per cent.,*vhen'
the schedules were all alike. I will say they were
twenty-seven per cent, under the tariff of 1846,
and I think they arc Fourteen under the present
bill. I have taken all the returns, and there is no'
one year that has gone more than six mills, or
six tenths of one per cent., above it. The first
year—1857—there were about §30,000,000 of im-
ports, before the tariff was reduced, in warehouse,
on a portion of which the duties were reduced to
thirty per cent.; and on the balance, to twelve and
a half per cent. The average that year was four-
teen and three tenths per cent.; the next year
fourteen and six tenths; and this year fourteen
and fourteen hundredths. It has not varied one
half of one per cent, from the estimate I made in
1857; and yet the Senator from Georgia says that
I missed it by $8,000,000, in an estimate for one
year. The truth was, I made the estimate of what
it would be upon a five-years importation, and I
. have the statement here. I told him that upon im-
portation of theiastfive years—which he said was
fair, if 1 left out last year—even leaving out the
last year, which was an exceptional year, and
many goods went into warehouse, and taking the
five years preceding, they have not varied one half
of one per cent, since the tariff begun.
I have said that an importationof $400,000,000
would give about $56,200,000. The Senator from
Pennsylvania thought it would give $56,500,000.
Very likely it would vary more than that. I can-
not pretend to estimate within half a million; but
if you take $400,000,000 a year—and for one year
there may be over that—there may be a little ex-
cess when manufacturing is very extensively car-
ried on, or a great deal more come in free; but H
would not vary one per cent., 1 believe, in five
years. The aggregate amount of imports varies
according to your ability to pay; and for these
two years you may be able to pay more than
usual fiom the excess that results from the cotton
crop.
I had returns made showing the effect of this
measure on iron and steel. By this bill the duty
upon steel is about twenty-two cents. The former
duty under the tariff of 1846 was twenty percent.
Then the present tariff reduced it to fifteen and
twelve per cent. The importation of steel last
year was about fourteen thousand tons, and we
got two hundred and fifty thousand or two bun-
dled and sixty thousand dollars. It was said
that there was no steel made hcie. The Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] showed me
a ri-turn from nine or ten manufactories, 1 believe,
in Pennsyhania, mostly m Pittsburg, giving an
account of the manufactures in that town, and it
amounted to fifteen thousand tons more than were,
imported in a year. I was inquiring about this
rate of steel with some importers on the avenue,
and they told me that we had got steel works on
Staten Island somewhere, called the Damascus
Steel Company. I suppose they are all "over the
country. X have no doubt we make quite as much
steel as we have imported. This steel is entered,
at the highest rate of duty, atless than eight cents;
and at the lowest, it is less than five and a fourth
cents; and 1 stopped on the avenue to know what
was the wholesale market price, and they said fif-
teen cents. These people can get it very low.
They do not like a fixed duty. Where it is worth
more than eleven cents, we get no more than two
cents. It is about twenty per cent, instead of
twelve and fifteen—an increase, perhaps, of about
six and a half or seven per cent.—and they have
made it out to be an increase upon the duty of
two hundred and forty per cent.
So with-the duty on iron. 1 got the Register of
the Treasury to give the duties on the amount of
iron for the last five years. The iron unpolled
under the act of 1846, at thirty per cent, duty—
all bar iron imported was subject to that rate of
duty—paid in three years about $.40,000 more
duty into the Treasury than at the duty fixed in
this bill at fifteen dollars a ton. 1 had it made up
in all sorts of ways; aW it would be less under
this rate than it was under the twenty-four per
cent, duty, andas it now is. On the iron imported
