1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for running and marking tbeJine between the-United States-
.aud .the -British possessions bounding -Washington 'Eerri-
tory, shall be so expended as to put an end to the work,
I find, upon examination, that, at tlie first ses-
sion of last Congress, $75,000 were appropriated
for similar purposes; and that, at the second ses-
sion, $1,00,000 wcr.e appropriated for the same,
purpose. Wow this- bill, as I understand, appro-
priates |X50)0()0 more, as asom.to -complete it.. I
do not desire to detain the -Bouse in discussing
this question ; I only i^esir^ that the facts may be
ftnpwn,and,myiew6i; those.facts,that the com-
mittee shall vote upon my amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that .the gentleman cannot go back upon the
hill and offer an- amendment in reference.to a sub-
ject which is-already disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition is.to add
a proviso at the end of the bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope there will be no
objection to that proviso. It certainly can* do no
harm.
3*he CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia insist on his point of order ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will hear the amend-
ment again.
The amendmeitf was again read.
Mr. MILES. I beg the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to yield to me for a moment, as I desire to
offer an amendment that is particularly germane
to the last section of the bill, and, in tact, would
be a continuation of that section. .
' The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee withdraw his amendment?
' Mr. MAYNARD. I will do so for the present.
Mr. MILES. I desire to offer an amendment,
and-1 ask the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to it. With the
indulgence of the committee, I will say a very few
word's in explanation of it. It will be recollected,
that last year there Was great discussion in the
House about appropriating §75,000 for the Echo
Africans. It was passed, however, by the House.
We had great difficulty in Charleston in getting
paid out of that §75,000 the bills of tradesmen—
many of them poor and worthy men—who had
advanced supplies; who had advanced food and
clothing for tnese poor wretches, who were in a
most miserable state of suffering and destitution,
 s I can testify from personal inspection, as I saw
them several times. We had the greatest difficulty
in getting these bills paid by the Government.
They said there was no fund. The Navy Depart-
ment ordered the marshal to charter a steamer, for
the purpose of transporting the Africans to the
fort, and thence to the Government vessel which
conveyed them to Africa. The proprietors of that
Steamer found the greatest difficulty in gptting
paid for the use of the steamer. The Navy De-
partment said they ought to be paid by the Interior
Department, and the Interior Department said the
Navy Department ought to pay them; and, be-
tween the two, we couid get nothing done until
the appropriation was made, and then we had the
delay which always follows when you have to
deal with circumlocutionofficesalltheworldover,
ana under any form of government.
But there was one charge which was never paid
out of that appropriation. The, marshal of the
district—a most excellent and worthy gentleman,
w;hom I am proud to call my personal friend-
discharged the duties of his office, which were
most trying and most laborious, subjecting him
to great personal risk. It was a period when the
yellow fever was prevailing as an epidemic in the
city; he was not acclimated, not living in the city;
but he was compelled, of course, to give his spe-
cial care and attention to these unfortunate crea-
tures; and although the Department and the Pres-
ident expressed their entire approval of his course,
and their high appreciation of his zeal and energy,
when he came to present his bill for pay, they
refused to allow it; the Department saying that
they could not do it, because they could not de-
cide out of what particular fund it was to be paid,
and, of course, the matter hung in that way until
the appropriation was passed. As soon as it was
passed—and it was amply sufficient to cover all
the expenditures—we presented the case of the
marshal to the Secretary of State. I saw him
personally. He said that the marshal ought to
be paid; that there would be no difficulty or trouble
about it, and that he would undoubtedly be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interfere
March 13,
wiih the gentleman from South Carolina, but I
must insist on'the rules of order with regard to
'these, appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from South Carolina that he
should send- his amendment to the Clerk's desk to
be read  . .  
, Mr. MILES. I will read it myself. T propose
to add, at the end of the bill, the following:
And that, the Secretary of State be directed to pay, out
of any unexpended balance of the appropiiution of $75,000,
piade last year in the consular arid diplomatic, bill, in the
case of the Echo Africans, the sum claimed by the United
States marshal for the district of South Carolina: Provided,
in the opinion of the Attorney General, said marshal is le-
gally entitled to receive the same.
The Attorney General has already delivered an
opinion to the effect that he is entitled to this pay.
Judge Wayne, ofthe Supreme Court, hassaid the
same; and Judge Magraw, of the district court,
has delivered a written opinion to the same effect;
but the President did not agree with the Attorney
General or the judges, ana refused to allow the
bill to be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to the amend-
ment. It is clearly a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment proposes inde-
pendent legislation in an appropriation bill.
Mr. McRAE. That is the very point I wish
to raise, and upon which I wish to ask the opin-
ion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The gentleman from Ohio has made
the point of order on the gentleman from South
Carolina, that that amendment is not germane to
this bill. Now I want to ask him if he consid-
ers this appropriation in regard to the slave trade
as germane to tlio consular and diplomatic bill ?
I want to know what part of the consular and
diplomatic exrffnses are provided for in this
clause? And I shall ask the gentleman to state,
as chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, from his own knowledge, or from any in-
formation that he has from the Department of
State, to what these particular sums are to be ap-
plied? Because, the money may bo applied to
purposes much less worthy than that which the
gentleman from South Carolina proposes. I take
the position that this section of the bill is not
germane to it, as it provides for no part of the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment. I have just as much right to offer an
amendment to this bill, providing- for the faithful
execution of the fugitive slave law, as the com-
mittee have to bring in an appropriation, in the con-
sular and diplomatic bill, for the suppression ofthe
slave trade. I therefore ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means if he can show
for what particular objects this amount is to go,
and whether the point of order which he has raised
on the gentleman from South Carolina, and which
the Chair has sustained, does notgo to the appro-
priation in the bill itself'
Mr. SHERMAN. My answer will be very
brief. I believe these negroes*when brought here,
are foreigners. The section relates, therefore, to
our intercourse with foreign nations or people.
But that is not all. I can sustaiu it on the ground
of precedent. A similar provision was in the bill
of last session, and, I am told, in previous appro-
priation bills. But there is still another ground.
I can claim that this expenditure is estimated for
among the consular and diplomatic expenses. It
grows out of the law against the slave trade—a
trade which can only be carried on with foreigners,
and therefore properly coming into the consular
and diplomatic bill, which covers all our inter-
course with foreign nations.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman makes three
points, neither of which is satisfactory. In the
first place, he says that the provision is germane
to this bill, simply because it relates to persons
brought to this country who are foreigners. That
is no reason why this should be made a portion
of the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government; because there are no consular and
diplomatic agents concerned in reference to this
question at all, and, of course, that point does not
meet the case.
The gentleman gives as his next reason, that a
similar provision was in the bill of last year, and
that there are precedents for attaching it to the
consular and diplomatic bill. Why, does not the
gentleman know that that provision was attached
to the diplomatic and consular bill for the pur-
pose of carrying it through this House securely
and safely, and that it was tlicn objected, by evsry
gentleman upon this side of the House opposed to
that appropriation, that it was not legitimately
connected with the diplomatic and consular ex-
penses of the Government ?
- The gentleman says, further, that it is in order,
because it is estimated for. Why, is that a good
reason? I am glad to know, however, that the
gentleman has come to the conclusion to attach so
much importance to the estimates of a Democratic
Secretary of State as to consider them an au-
thority with him. They are, at all events, upon
this question; because, I presume, they accord
with the particular sentiments.of the gentleman in
reference to the suppression of the.slave trade.
It is well known, Mr. Chairman, that my opin-
ions are in favor of the reopening of this trade.
But I am in favor, also, of observing the laws as
they exist; and it is for that reason, because I am
a law-and-order man, and will even sustain bad
laws until they have been adjudicated to be un-
constitutional, that I am opposed to incorporating
upon this bill any such provision.
I ask the gentlemen upon the other side of the
House whether they would be willing to intro-
duce into this consular and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill an appropriation for faithfully executing
the fugitive slave law? Of course they will say
no; that it is not germane to the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Mississippi whether any such law
exists?
Mr. McRAE. I think there is such a law in
existence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must rise to a question
of order. This debate is all out of order. The
bill has been gone through with, and nothing is in
order but the motion to lay it aside, to be reported
to the House.
Mr. McRAE. I will yield in a moment. I
want to ask the gentleman from Illinois whether
he considers that there is such a law in existence
as the fugitive slave law >
Mr. LOVEJOY. I know of no law of that title.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist upon my ques-
tion of order. The question is on laying this bill
aside.
Mr. McRAE. I do not yield at present.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill has been gone
through with, and no amendment is in order. The
bill was taken up with the understanding that it
should be disposed of, and that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Love] should resume the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Ohio. Debate has not been closed upon the bill,
and general debate is in order upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I should like
to know by what rule general debate is in order
upon this bill. It has been gone through with by
sections; no amendment is in order, and how is
debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. This bill is before the
'committee until it has been laid aside by a vote of
the committee, and it is open to debate.
Mr. MALLORY. I propounded an inquiry a
short time ago to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, in relation to the object
which was sought to be accomplished by this ap-
propriation of §40,000. He responded that he un-
derstood it was appropriated to pay bounties un-
der the law prohibiting the slave trade, under
which law provision is made for the payment of
bounties. Now, I wish to inquire further ofthe
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether he has any statistics, or whether there
are any before that committee, which led him to
the conclusion that that amount would be neces-
sary for the payment of bounties under that par-
ticular law ? I should like to know further, whether
any bounties have ever been claimed or paid un-
der that act. I am not aware that any bounties
have ever been p&id or claimed under it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you put that question
to me ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Bounties have been paid
under that law. Only recently they were paid to
the captain ofthe brig Echo; and the Secretary of
the Treasury has estimated that §40,000 will be
required for the coming year. Of course, these
estimates must be merely an approximation. It
cannot be told in advance what vessels will be
