2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
man from Indiana whether ho considers that any
man who denies or does not believe that Con-
gress lias both the right to interfere in the legis-
lation of the Territories, but is bound to interfere
—in other words, that it is the right and duty of
Congress to interfere—whether he considers that
such a mail does not belong to the Republican
party ?
. Mr. CASE. Well,Idonotundertaketositin
judgment on men's opinions, or the position they
can occupy in parties. I would not hold that a
man who kept his mouth shut could not belong to
our party; but -when he opens his mouth and tells
us that Congress has no moral right to govern the
Territories, I understand him as denying one of
our great doctrines. I may have mistaken him.
Mr. THAYER. I would inquire whether the
gentleman holds that the platform made by the
Republican party in 1856, and which has been
denied by that party in this Housfe by their vote
since, is now binding upon the Republican party?
Several Members. What vote?
Mr. THAYER. The vote upon the Critten-
den-Montgomery bill.
Mr. CASE. Well, Mr. Speaker, I can answer
on that point, and I can answer very well. That
was a time of cxcitemcnt. It was a time when
many members on both sides of the House felt
that some concession was safe and necessary in
order to dispose of the question. It was an ex-
ceptional case; and yet one of the leading men
upon this side of the House, perhaps one of the
most radical, and the last man to agree to that
arrangement—I refer to Mr. Giddings, of Ohio—
when he concluded to support that bill, said to a
colleague of mine: " Friend Kilo ore, I will go it;
but it is the grace of God, anrl not my judgment."
[Laughter.] And that was the sentiment of many
of the Republicans.
Mr. THAYER. Then the conclusion is, that
if the gentleman attempts to read me, or those
who agree with me, out of the Republican party,
he, by that very reading, reads himself out of the
Republican party, and even the venerable Mr.
Giddings.
Mr. CASE. I have not attempted to read any
man out of the party; and the gentleman is under-
taking to do just what he did yesterday, when ho
arraigned Republicans as holding the people of
the Icrritories to be mere babies. He is simply
Betting up a man of straw to kick it over. So far
as I am concerned, I shall be glad of the gentle-
man's company, and thank him for lus vote. 1
do not know but that he may feel that he is get-
ting out of the church, but 1 will not undertake
to call a church meeting to turn him out. lie
may go of his own accord, if lie chooses.
Now, to come back. Right at the threshold
we are met with the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that the introduction and
discussion of this proviso is a violation of some
pledge made, as he claims, upon our side, by
the gentleman who was once our candidate for
Speaker; and which pledge, he asserts, resulted
in placing you, sir, in that chair. I, for one, say
that I never heard of such a pledge, and I repudi-
ate it. I will do anything reasonable for peace
and quiet, but 1 will never agree that, on any sub-
ject or on any occasion, when I choose to speak,
my lips shall be sealed. The Republican who
would agree to any such bargain, for the sake of
carrying any man into place and power, is not
the kind of Republican 1 rely upon to light our
battles or win our victories.
Now, I do recollect that the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] did say, on a
certain occasion, that he was not aware, of any
measure that might come up in this House \v Inch
would result in introducing again this distracting
question; but I also remember that, in the same
explanation, ho said that one of the charges
brought against him amounted to no more or less
than that he was a Republican; and one doctrine
of that party is, that it is the duty of Congress to
prohibit the institution of slavery in the Territo-
ries. Who supposes that he pledged himself or
his friends to yield what he and they believed to
be duty?
Now, sir, I nm not in favor of introducing this
subject into Congress when it is a mere abstrac-
tion. I am not in favor of making, and I have
myself never troubled the House with speeches
here for Fluncombo, when we are in Committee of
the Whole, upon this or upon any other subject.
I am generally willing to leave the "twins" to the
care of my friends of the South, and to my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thatf.r,] But, sir,
when we have before us these bills for the organ-
ization of new Territories, the question is no
longer an abstraction; and if there ever was a
time when it was proper to assert the principle
in reference to the prohibition of slavery, which
the party with which I am identified believe in,
and believe as honestly and sincerely as gentle-
men from the South reject it—I say, if there ever
was a time when it was proper to assert tKisprin-
ciple, which gentlemen on this side of the House
believe to be the true policy of the Government,
the present is a proper time, when it is proposed
to erect governments for all these new Territories.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in this connection I desire
to say a single word upon another proposition.
It was remarked yesterday by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Tiiayer,] and it was the
burden of his argument, that we of the Repub-
lican party, in contending against his doctrine of
popular sovereignty, were constantly arraying
ourselves against the people of the Territories as
inferior to the people of the States and unfit for
self-government, as though no man in a Territory
was fit to hold any officc in that Territory under
the Federal Constitution. "When or by whom
was anysuch sentiment uttered on the Republican
side of the House? Who has ever said that the
man who has gone from the comforts and lux-
uries of the old States to the wilderness of the far
West, as a pioneer, is less able to discharge the
duties of citizen than the man who continues to
live in Massachusetts ? If that sentiment has ever
been uttered on this side of the House, I never
have heard it. I have heard it repeatedly, as
stump clap-trap by Democratic orators, but I have
always pronounced it a slander. But, sir, we do
not come here to discuss any such questions. No
one pretends that the people of the Territories
are notable to exercise all the rights of American
citizens.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman will yield to
me again, I will say to him, that I think it was in
the last session of Congress that the honorable
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] in a
speech upon this floor, called the people of the
Territories, or a portion of the people in the Ter-
ritories, interlopers, runaways, outlaws. I have
not manufactured these terms, I have merely
taken them from the speccli of the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. CASE. Well, sir, I do not know but in-
terlopers, runaways, and outlaws, are just as able
to govern themselves ns anybody else. But, sir,
we have never said that any of the people of the
Territories are unfit for self-government. We are
here, not to deny them any right or power that
may be safely and legally conceded, but to dis-
cuss and settle what arc the necessary constitu-
tional and moral restrictions on their sovereignty
and independence; to say how far of right, and
from the very nature of our Constitution, they
must bo subject to the supervision of Congress.
We tell the gentleman from Massachusetts that
popular sovereignty involves no such absurdity
as the right of one man to make another man his
property. We say to him, as was well said by
the chairman, [Mr. Gnoiv,] that if his doctrine of
unqualified squatter sovereignty is the true theory,
it is true to the last extreme to which it can be
carried. If the people of the Territories have the
constitutional or the moral right to govern them-
selves independent of the intervention of Con-
gress, then nave they the same right, either moral
or constitutional, in the exercise of their sov-
ereignty, to setup a monarchy or any other form
of Government they please, or to attach them-
selves, if they choose, to Great Britain or China.
And to these substantial arguments what answer
do we get? Why, that we hold that the people
of the Territories are mere "infants"—in other"
words, too feeble-minded to take chre of them-
selves. Sir, I repeat, this is mere clap-trap, that
has already been worn out on the stump by our
Democratic friends. It-is the language of tho
mere politician rather than of a statesman.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Indiana right here. lie salys
the people in an unorganized Territory are at
liberty to annex themselves to China or Great
Britain.
Mr, CASE- I sny that is the result of your
theory. I have expressed no such opinion of my
own. " *
Mr. THAYER. It is the result of no theory
of mine. The chairman of the Committee on
Territories has told you that all the public lands
this Government owns are now under the Consti-
tution, and tinder the jurisdiction of Congress. If
that be so, does a refusal by this House to grant
a territorial organization to people living on these
public lands put them outside the Constitution
and outside the jurisdiction of Congress? Do not
gentlemen know, Mr. Speaker, that there is a dif-
ference between dominion and sovereignty, and
can they not explain the difference?
Mr. CASE. I did not yield to the gentleman
to make an argument. If I misstated anything
he has said, he may correct me.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana to allow me to correct a misstatement the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has made as to wliat
I said. I said that when you organize a Terri-
tory, and afterwards abandon it, you leave the
Territory again where it was before the organiza-
tion.
Mr. CASE. This reminds me of a proposition
advanced yesterday by the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Taylor,] to which I had intended
to refer in another connection; for my design in
obtaining the floor was to notice this and another
position of that gentleman, and to reply to the
remark of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] rather than to answer any of the posi-
tions of the gentleman from Massachusetts. But
the proposition I refer to is a good reply to what
the gentleman from Massachusetts has just said
about settlers on the public lands being still sub-
ject to the Constitution, though outside of any-
territorial organization, and therefore I name, it
now. It was this: that the Constitution of the
United States does not extend to any Territory
beyond tho limits of a State, until it is extended
by act of Congress. Before that time, therefore,
the people who may reside in such Territory are
outside of the laws and Constitution of the United
States. I apprehend that no lawyer will deny that
proposition. It was the opinion of Mr. Webster,
it was the opinion of Mr. Calhoun, and it has
been the theory on which the Government has
acted—as was well said by the gentleman from
Louisiana—in the organization of every Territory
since the foundation of the Government. In every
instance the Constitution and laws of the United
States have extended over them specially by act
of Congress.
Now, sir, in reference to this proviso to the sixth
scction of the bill, let me remark, as I have already
once stated, that it was the doctrine of the Dem-
ocratic party of the North no longer ago than 1854.
It was heralded forth in the speeches of Democrats
who were in favor of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise upon this floor. If the House will
indulge me, I will give them some authorities upon
that point. While the Kansas and Nebraska bill
was pending, two distinguished Representatives
from my own State took occasion to make able
and elaborately-prepared arguments in favor of the
passage of that bill. I have before me a speech of my
colleague [Mr. English] upon that bill, to which I
call the attention of the House, and I propose to
show that the very proviso we have incorporated
into this bill contains the sentiment then promul-
gated by our Democratic Representatives here, and
everywhere repeated in my own State by Demo-
cratic orators, as the doctrine of their party. I do it
forthe purpose of showingmy Democratic friends,
and particularly the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Piielps,] who stated yesterday that no such
doctrine could be indorsed by the Democratic
party, that if such be, the fact, his party musthave
experienced a very sudden conversion—almost as
sudden as that of an Apostle of old, who was
struck down and blind by agreatlightfrom heaven
while traveling in the public highway.
My colleague was then speaking for the people
of Indiana, and first gives'a reason for their op-
position to the extension of slavery, and then cites
authorities to prove that the repeal of the Mis-
souri prohibition would not legalize or authorize
slavery in Kansas. Ho says:
"It is a question, however, of very considerable impoit-
aricc, whether, under the Senate bill, slavciy can legally
exist in Kansas or Nebiaska without positive terutonal
enactment ? It is a question which presses itself particu-
larly upon tile attention of gentlemen who expect to go be-
fore the people of the free States in defense of this measure,
