8026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
for the last two years, the present duly would be
about $600,000 more than we would get by this
bill; but under the tariff of 1846, thirty per cent,
was more than we got for the last three years. I
found one year which seemed to illustrate what
was said by the Senator from Virginia about the
effect of these revulsions upon the business of the
country, especially upon the iron business. It
seems in 1854, 1 think it was, iron was very low,
and the duties did not amount to fifteen dollars a
ton; and m that year there was more iron imported
than has been imported from that year than with-
in the last five. ri here were $15,000,000 worth of
bar iron imported in that single year. When
there comes a revulsion m England, they throw
their stock over upon us, and break business
down in this country, and we do not get over it
again in a long while.
We must expect to endure the revulsions of our
own country, and they come often enough with-
out fixing our revenue system so as to prostrate
us by the revulsions of foreign countries as well
as our own. That is one great security we shall
have by specific duties. When iron is lowest, it
forms a decided barrier to breaking down our mar-
kets by flooding it. With this ad valorem rate,
when iron is down, the duties arc only two thirds
below the ordinary rates; but when it rises, so
that you do not want duty at all, m a good time,
the duties are very high and very oppressive when
you do not need any. By the specific duties the
rates act at the right time. I do not know how
this table was made up, whethei upon examina-
tion of the results of the former bill or not; but
they are a little less than thirty per cent, on the
prices of iron as it was before.
Here is a statement of the vast amount of du-
ties upon cotton goods. The Senator said itwas
intended to put the heaviest duties upon people
who wore themostgoods. On theheavicstgoods,
common brown sheetings, that weigh over five
ojinces to the square yard, the duty is a cent a
square yard. Upon the average the duties on
brown goods of that kind are from eight to eight
and a half cents, according to weight. {Some weigh
as high as eight ounces, and roach about eleven
cents. Others that weigh six ounces would be
eight and three quarter cents. It is about ten per
cent, on them, and the rate of duty becomes higher
as you get upon finer goods, because the present
rate is twenty-four per cent.
But the difficulty with this bill, or any bill, is,
if you attempt to get more revenue, somebody has
got to pay it, and most likely foreigners will hn\e
to pay about half of it; and m the competition
with our industry, you will find they are the very
first people crying out against raising the tariff.
Why do not the consumers say anything about
it? We have not had a memorial,from the time
this bill was presented until to-day, from any con-
sumer of merchandise, about proposing to raise
the duties—to my knowledge, not one. They all
come from importing merchants, or oflicc-holdeis,
or somebody that gets the profit of everybody
else's labor and raw material,and wants to use it
up in his establishment without duty. 1 have not
seen a memorial from any laboring man m the
country, from any pursuit whatever, or from men
engaged in any of the productive employments of
the country. They come from agents of foreign
manufacturers,got up in New York, and printed
and sent around to different sections; and most
of them thatl have seen were signed by men that
never produced u dollar's worth of anything in
their lives, so far as 1 know them. I do not know
them all. I dare say many of them are able and
worthy men.
There are some men who believe in the fallacy
that we cannot produce anything in this country
as cheap as they can do it elsewhere. They have
no faith in the intelligence and capacity of the
people of this country for production. I was told
by an importer here, when 1 went in to make in-
quiries on this subject, that nobody could make
steel in this countiy; that there was only one es-
tablishment m the United States. I told him it
was very fortunate that we had one, and that if
we had one there would very soon be more. I
have been somewhat familiar with industry for
forty years; in fact, 1 can say what very few
Senators can—I earned same money in the last
century with my own hands; and 1 have never
known a branch of industry commenced in this
country—unless there was a failure by revulsion
—but, what was an eminent success. Most of the
reverses m the enterprises of this country arise
from the lack of capital, the exorbitant exactions
of the money-lenders; and unless a man is rich
enough to go into business without hiring money,
it is ten chances to one but these harpies will rum
him before he is forty years of age. Give our
people capital at the rates of interest prevailing
'in Europe, and theie would be $1,000 in this
country where theie is one dollar now in business,
it is no lack of skill; it is not because labor is
more costly. We give greater wages, but the
people perform a great deal more work; they are
more intelligent, more ingenious; they resort to
more contrivances to save labor and to facilitate
the processes of construction than any other peo-
ple under the light of heaven. It is pretty hard
to compete with other countries where ihey get
capital at two and a half and three per cent, a
year, and our people give two and a half and three
per cent, a month. There is a vast difference in
a few years. That is the great cause of the
failure of success of the enterprises of this coun-
try. I must confess that our folks arc disposed
to go with a little too much steam; but there is
no lack of sagacity, no lack of handicraft skill or
of mental endowment or of ability. 1 have never
seen any of them fail in any pursuit that has
come under my observation. They are a little
too much in a huiry, generally.
If the Government of the Unitod States, how-
ever, would simply adjust their revenue system,
so that it would prevent frauds, and adjust it at
such rates as to give revenue for an economical
udminisuation ot the Government, there is no oc-
casion, for the success of any department of indus-
try in this country, to have an extiuvagant duty
put upon anything. If they are so adjusted as to
prevent frauds, they will have a twofold effect: it
will prevent these excessive importations, and
carry the importing business into the hands of
American merchants who have a desire to build
up a reputation for honesty, and the goods to the
consumers will come at a less price than by dealing
with these German Jews and tricky men that
come here and try to cut down honest importers
and degrade the business. I have no sort of doubt,
if they were tuulmg with honorable and high-
minded men, although this duty was a little moie,
our people would finally get the ai tides, they
wanted to purchase at a lower rate than they now
get them. Hut with the present foim of duty,
there is every inducement m the wosld to resoit
to falsehood; and wherever there: ate ad valorem
duties m any country in the wot Id, custom-house
oaths are pro\erbud for their falsehood. Such is
the case, and almost all civilized countries in the
known world lesort to spocilic duties.
I have the treaty here lately made by the Em-
peror of the French. Wheu he took off his pro-
hibitory duties and made this reciprocal arrange-
ment with England, reducing the duties on ar-
ticles he received fiom the English Government
thnty per cent., he stipulated m the same article
that an ad valorem iate should continue but six
months, and that a specific rate should be estab-
lished in lieu of it, based upon the value of the
article, after six months, lie would not risk the
industry of his countiy against competition with
ad valorem duties, but put them in the form of
specifics. He would have Ins men, duiing that
time, watch the nuuket, and stipulated that every
charge defrayed for insurancc}&e  , on every thing
landed m the porta of Fiance, should be added to
the dutiable value when the duty was assessed,
lie did notdo as our Government does—have the
account made up as soon as it is on ship-board,
and have no freight, no insurance, no commis-
sion Then they were to be made up into specific
duties.
.Now, I have here a table showingreceipts upon
iron for three years, under the thirty per cent,
duty, under the taulf of 184(i; and they come to
more than §15 a ton. It is not a six-months late,
but it ivS for three years. The i emulations of the
Secretary of the Treasury directed the collectors
of the customs to forbid them adding to the
charges as soon as the goods were on ship-board.
1 heard the Senator from Virginia read the amount
of freight upon a ton of tins non, and lie taid il
amounted to li\e dollaix and some cents. Somc-
| body made out a list to prove that the charges
j were more than the present duties on non or steel
| —I forget which, but 1 think iron—and he said
the freight \Vas something like $5 80. Now,
under our regulations,this is not added; that does
not become a dutiable charge. But if you look at
this treaty between France and England, you will
find that every item of expense, from the time it
is landed in the French port, forms a j^art of the
dutiable value. Still, $5 80 for a ton of nig iron
is a sum of considerable magnitude, and would
add considerably to the cost—about forty per
cent.—whereas he made it out that charges on a
ton of bar iron would be more than the duty,
which was about twenty-four per cent.
I know I am talking to unwilling ears; but I
want to appeal to Senators upon the other side of
the Chamber as to the effect of this legislation
upon the public opinion of this country. We
have been for three years under a system of rev-
enue that has failed, by the amount of $20,000,000
a year, to give us the ordinary expenditures in
time of profound peace. We have failed to ap-
propriate money to carry on valuable public build-
ings and public works for the last year, and even
tins year. The President of the United States,
when he had a majority in both Houses of Con-
gress, stated, m his annual message, that it had
become perfectly apparent, known of all men,
that the present tarill would nut secure an ade-
quate revenue; and both he and the Secretary
deprecated the existence of a national debt for the
purpose of paying expenses. He repeated that
recommendation at this session; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, although he disagreed with
him about the mode of raising revenue, especially
by specific duties, has indorsed that opinion; de-
clared the same thing unless his estimates were
complied with; and they never were, and he never
expected them to be. He did not estimate for
public buildings last year, although he recom-
mended that we should appropriate $2,000,000. I
say the executive department of the Government,
and the Representatives of the popular branch ot*
the Legislature of the country, have recommended
a revision of this revenue system. They have
said: " We will fund the present floating clebt of
the country, these Treasuiy notes, coupling with
it an increase of the revenues to suppoi t the Gov-
ernment, and prevent us getting into debt and
raisin" more." The Government first got this
issue of $20,000,000 under a severe pressure in
the money market. Before that session was over,
we were called upon for a loan in order to fund,
these Treasury notes. There was a great objec-
tion to having a floating debt m the form of Gov-
ernment paper. I never had so great an objection
to it as some others; I am a little more of a paper-
money man; but of all things Government paper
is the worst form of paper money. In order to
enable the Government to fund that debt, wc
granted a loan of the same amount. A loan was
negotiated, and the Treasury notes remained just
where they were before we authonzed a loan to
bo negotiated to redeem them. At that time an
attempt was made to get an increase uf the rev-
enue. This year the funding of that debt still
floating and the increase of revenue come heie,
and are now upon our table as one recommenda-
tion—one recommended to us by the House of
Representatives fresh from the people, elected un-
der this stale of things, and here is a Senate that
the people cannot reach, that are defeating those
who come from the people; defeating the wishes
of those who come ftesh fiom the people, and the
only other department of the Government that
was elected by the people. Senatois, who hold
along term of office, are pursuing a course diamet-
rically opposed to the recommendations of both
these cooidmate branches of the Ecgislauue of
the country. I say it is assuming a great respons-
ibility.
I bay it is assuming a great responsibility, one
that 1 trust the people of this country iv:Sl not
fail to keep m remembrance whenever they get a
chance at those who are thus, m my dehbeiato
opinion, derelict m duty. We are told that there
is a vast number of memoi lals against the change.
I say tin re are none fiom any class of men con-
cerned either m production^or consumption, as
among American citizens, except the oflicc-hoid-
ers and tile importcis; and theie is a vast number
of mcinoiials in fa\or of such a system, coming
from all the producing cUisses of the eounti y; and
are they to be disregarded ' it is well known that
some ot the departments of industry aie very se-
riously depressed even now. The iron interest,
