U40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
, by every man of common sense and good judg-
ment, beginning with the President and goipg
throughout the United States, In what manner
shall this be done ? The memorial which has been
rea'i at tho table suggests, as it seems to nit::, the
practicable, and proper mode; that is, to change
our present mode,of collecting duties, which is
-what is called the ad valorem, system, to the sys-
tem of specific duties. That that change, by it-
self, without raising the rate of duty on a single
article, taking the average price for ten years past,
will give usmore revenue,.and, at the same time,
benefit our home manufacturer, nobody, I think,
who examines the subject, will doubt for a mo-
ment. And, sir,-it seems to me that it is the duty
of Congress, if we find that the present mode of
.levying duties does not, either to<the Government
.or, to the people, work out the result which is de-
sirable, so to change the system as to effect that
purpose. Whe President of the United States, a
year, ago, at the commencement of the session of
Congress, gave us his views on this very ques-
tion. He said, in the message which he sent to
us at the opening of the last session of the last
Congress—I read from the 25th page of the vol-
ume containing his annual message:
" In regard to the mode of assessing and collecting duties
_ under a strictly revenue tariff, 1 have long entertained and
Often expressed the opinion that sound policy requires this
should be done by specific duties, in cases to which these
can be properly applied. They are well adapted to com■
modUiea which are usually sold by weight or by measure,
and "which, from their nature, are of equal, or of nearly
equal, value. Such, for example, are the articles of iron of
different classes, raw sugar, und foreign wines and spirits.
" In my deliberate judgment, specific duties are the best,
if not the only, means of securing the revenue against false
and fraudulent invoices; and such has been the-practice
adopted for this purpose by other commercial nations. lie
Bides, specific duties would afford to the American manu-
facturer the incidental advantages to which he is fairly
entitled under a revenue tariff. The present system is a
sliding scale to his disadvantage. Under it, when prices
are high and business prosperous, the duties rise m amount
when he least requires their aid. On the contrary, when
prices fall, and he is struggling against adversity, the duties
are diminished in the same proportion, greatly to his injury.
" Neither would there be danger that a higher rate of duty
than that intended by Congress could be levied in the form
of specific duties. It would be easy to ascertain the average
value of any imported article for a series of years; and, in-
Kteud of subjecting it to an ad valorem duty, at a certain rate
per centum, to substitute in its place- an equivalent specific
duty.
"By slich an arrangement the consumer would not be
Injured/ It is true, he might have to pay a little more duty
on a given article in one year; but if so, he would pay a
little less in another i and in a series of years these would
counterbalance each other, and amount to the same tiling,
to far as his interest is concerned. This inconvenience
Would be trifling when contrasted with the additional se-
curity thus afforded against frauds upon the revenue, m
which every consumer is directly interested."
The President of the United States reiterates,
in the message sent to us at the present session,
these very sound and judicious views. On the
22d page of the volume containing his last mes-
sage he says:
" Should such a deficiency occur as [ apprehend, [mean-
ing a deficiency in our receipts,] I would recommend that
the necessary revenue be raised by an increase of our pres-
ent duties on imports. I need not repeat the opinions ex-
pressed in my last annual message as to the best mode and
manner of accomplishing this object, and shall now merely
observe that these have since undergone no change."
Those are certainly the views of a. statesman
on this subject, and they cannot be controverted.
That frauds grow out of the ad valorem system,
is perfectly well known. That there are two in-
voices made out for goods that are imported, one
for the custom-house and the other by which to
sell the goods, and that they are sworn through
the custom-house greatly below their real value,
is a fact perfectly well understood. The result is,
a fraud on the revenue and a blow at home labor.
It tends also to flood this country with an inferior
article of goods; for, where the duty is ad valorem,
no matter, in one point of view, how cheap, how
nearly worthless the article is, the cheaper it is
the lighter duty it has to pay. Under the circum-
stances, there is a temptation to bring in articles
of very little value, articles that will notsell in any
foreign country, and sell them to our people.
There is no econolny, either nationally or indi-
vidually, in the purchase of inferior articles for
consumption. There can be none. A specific duty
would go far to prevent the importation of such
articles, for, under a specific duty, an inferior
article could not bear the duty, and the result
would be, that we should have merchandise of
better quality, and the Government, at the same
time, would derive more revenue from the impor-
tations.
If this change in the system from ad valorem to
specific duties should not produce sufficient rev-
enue to meet the necessary wants of the Govern-
ment, then, as the President says, let us raise
them; and raise them on those articles which will
give to the home manufacturer those incidental
advantages to which he is fairly entitled.
The change from specific to ad valorem, I be-
lieve, was made in the tariff of 1846; and made,
then, in the face of the opposition of very able
and distinguished statesmen' in this body. Col-
onel Benton, who was not a tariff man, and who
voted, I believe, for the tariff of 1846, opposed this
system of advalorem, duties, and spoke against it
.in the debate connected with the passage of that
bill. English experience had demonstrated the
viciousness ef the system. Mr. Webster, upon
the same question, spoke in a manner so pointed
and so direct that I hope to be pardoned for read-
ing a very few lines. He said:
" Public sentiment is excited on this subject. I venture
to say, that on two points public opinion is settled : first,
as to the utter folly of the ad valorem principle in the im-
position of duties—and I do not believe that there are at
this moment five gentlemen in. the Senate who, if left to
their own choice, would prefer that mode, nor indeed can
I persuade myself that there is a man in the whole execu-
tive Government who, if the bill were now to come for the
first time from the Treasury, would have it in its present
form. All the industry of the land is against it; the manu-
facturers are against it; the importers are against it; the
ship-owners are against it—no man cries, God save it I it
is against the sentiment of the land. The great principle
of a just discrimination in favor of such articles as the gen-
eral interest requires, is the principle which commands the
approbation of the American people. I here tell gentlemen
we shall have henceforward no more ad valorem tariffs.
We shall nevergo on the principle of horizontal tariff. This
bill cannot stand. It will not fctanil. It is a house built
upon the sand; and no intelligent man will think himself
safe beneath its roof; it will fall on him and crush him."
I think that prophecy has turned out fact. In
so thinking, I am certainly fortified by the opin-
ion of the President of the United States, that
this system requires to be changed, both for the
benefit of the Government in relation to its rev-
enue, and for the benefit of the people who live
under it, and whose interests arc more important
than the raising of revenue for the Government.
1 trust, Mr. President, that these memorials, the
reference of which I propose to move to the Com-
mittee on Finance, will receive the patient consid-
eration of that committee; and that the honorable
chairman of thatcommittee, who is in his seat, and
who certainly understands this matter of finance a
great deal better than I do, will not throw them
aside, and regard them as unworthy of consider-
ation. I can assure him that the signers of these
memorialsare not politicians, and are not desirous
of making any political issues on this question.
Many of them I know personally, and a very
large proportion of those whom I know, are busi-
ness men and manufacturers, who look at this as
a business question, and are desirous of having
it disposed of on correct, judicious business prin-
ciples. I trust that the memorials will receive the
full and careful consideration of the Committee
on Finance, and that a bill will be reported which
will carry into effect the views suggested in the
memorials.
Mr. GW1N, I should like to ask the Senator
from Connecticut if he wishes the Committee on
Finance to report a tariff bill—a revenue measure.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not suppose that the bill
will originate in the Senate; but I suppose a bill
will come from the House of Representatives,
which will be referred to the Finance Committee,
and that the Finance Committee will act on that
bill.
Mr. GWIN". Suppose it does come up, what
shall wu do with these memorials in the Finance
Committee ?
Mr. FOSTER. In that ease, of course no bill
could be reported from the Finance Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorials will
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
PORT OP DELIVERY.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a memorial of citizens of
Tampa, Florida, praying that that place may be
made a port of entry, have instructed me tore-
port a bill making it a port of delivery; and inas-
much as it is a matter of deep interest to the peo-
ple of that section, and I think they are in great
need of the relief which they pray, I hope the
Senate will take up the bill at this time and pass
it. I will state to the Senate that I believe itdoes
not involve any additional expense to the Gov-
ernment, while it tends to encourage greatly a
growing trade between that port and the' West
Indies, which is very much obstructed at this
time, because, in order to clear a vessel to any
foreign port from Tampa, they have to go down
to Key West, the nearest port of entry, which is
some two hundred miles distant.
The bill (S. No. 283) to constitute Tampa Bay,
in the State of Florida, a port of delivery, was
read the first time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent for the second reading of the bill
to-day.
■ Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Alabama if this is a unani-
mous report of the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. CLAY, It is a unanimous report of the
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a general'ob-
^ection to making anymore ports of delivery,
because it increases the number of officers. If,
however, it is necessary in this case, I make no
objection.
Mr. CLAY. They get no salary, no compen-
sation, except fees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is objection made
to the second reading of the bill ?
Mr. MALLORY. I hope there will be no
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make none.
The bill was read a sccond time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. No amend-
ment being proposed, it was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
OR$ER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 3) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels."
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator to permit me
to present a petition.
Air. BAYARD. The moment I state this ques-
tion, I will give way. This bill will not, I think,
take ten minutes to pass it. It is a bill which
ought to pass, and ought to have been passed
long ago. It was introduced by the honorable
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] not now
in his seat, on the petition of the Commissioners
of Emigration from NewYork, and reported upon
at the last Congress. The object is to protect a
class of persons who are perfectly without pro-
tection under the law, on board our merchant ves-
sels. I do not think an objection can be raised to
it, not even by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] If it gives rise to de-
bate it may be laid upon the table; but the bill
ought to be passed. It is requisite for the protec-
tion of an unprotected class of persons in our pas-
senger vessels. I hope the Senate will take it up.
I do not think it will take five minutes, when the
facts are stated, in order to obtain the passage of
the bill.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, are petitions in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Delaware is in order, as he has the
floor. ^
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator has a report to
make, or a petition to present, I have no objec-
tion; but I want to have the bill taken up.
Mr. IVERSON. I believe the motion of the
Senator from Delaware is debatable. I should like
to ask the Chair that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Georgia be good enough to state his question
again ?
Mr. IVERSON. I want to debate the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Delaware, if it is a de-
batable question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to take up a bill. That question
is not debatable, under the decision of the Senate
at the last session. The motion to take up the
bill is clearly in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I will merely state that I have
some petitions that I desire to present; and I think
it is not in order to move to take up a bill, and dis-
place the presentation of petitions and reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
