1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
from Delaware withdraw his motion, to allow
petitions and reports to be introduced?
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; I cannot. I think tlie
bill ought to pass. If it gives rise to any debate,
1 will move to lay it on the table myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that, under the rule of the
Senate, he calls for petitions and reports, if no
motion be made after the reading of the Journal;
but it is in the power of the Senate to regulate its
own business. If a Senator gets the floor and
moves to take up-a bill in the morning hour, it is
clearly in order. It is moved to take up the bill
indicated by the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question. If the Senator will not
give way to the presenting of petitions, we will
ask the yeas and nays upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
come to order until it gets in possession of the
question on which the yeas and nays are asked.
The Senator from Delaware moves to take up the
bill (S. No. 3) to amend an act entitled "An act
to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels," approved March 3,
1855; and upon that motion the yeas and nays
are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will suspend his motion for a minute,
to allow Senators to present petitions. They will
take but a few moments. That is the easiest way
to get out of this difficulty.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to obstruct the
business of the Senate, nor to interfere with order
in any way. If the Senate do not desire to pass
this bill, I have no particular interest in it. It
concerns the decency and the morality of the coun-
try. Honorable Senators would not enable me to
pass it during the whole of the last Congress. J.
have now moved to take it up, because it will talte
no time to consider it. The Senate has already
taken up another bill this morning, and passed it.
I do not desire to interfere with petitions or any-
thing of that kind. I will postpone the motion;
and I hope the Senate will afterwards take up the
bill, and pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion may
be withdrawn by unanimous consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. The Chair hears
no objection, and the motion is withdrawn.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying that pensions may be allowed
to the surviving militia of the war of 1812, and
to the widows of those deceased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Ohio, praying that the militia who served in the
Indian wars, and in that of 1812, may be placed
on the same footing in regard to bounty land as
those who served in the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented seven petitions of
manufacturers and others, of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, praying a modification of the tariff;
whicii were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Charles H. Robinson, praying that his pension
may commence from the time of the injury for
which it was granted; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of merchants
and underwriters of Baltimore, praying the resto-
ration of the mail service between Charleston,
South Carolina, and Havana; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of H.
T. A. Rainals, praying compensation for his ser-
vices as United States consul at Elsinore, Den-
mark; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the petition of B. F. Ritten-
liouse, a clerk in the office of the Register of the
Treasury, praying extra compensation for pre-
paring the estimates of appropriations; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LATHAM presented the petition of
Charles Hare, praying Congress to pass a law
changing the name of the schooner Emma, a for-
eign vessel, and for her enrollment, &('.; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That C.J. Cook and A. A. Lockwood Jiave leave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That the letter of J. M. Wmehell, president of
the Kansas constitutional convention, communicating an
enrolled copy of the constitution of Kansas adopted at Wy-
andotte, July 29,1859, presented March 6,1860, be referred
to the Committee on Territories.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of George P. Xhrie, praying compensation
for services on the boundary survey between the
United States and Mexico, and an allowance for
transportation from said survey to his home, sub-
mitted an adverse report, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of F. W. Lander, i-eported a bill (S.
No. 284) for the relief of F. W. Lander; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of John Bran-
nan, an employe in the Department of State, pray-
ing compensation for extra services, reported a
bill (S. No. 285) for the relief of John Brannan;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent_ Office, to whom was referred a
resolution submitted by Mr. Sumner, on the 14th
of February, directing the committee to consider
the expediency of so amending the existing stat-
utes as to abolish all discrimination between
American citizens and foreigners in the office fees
on the issue of patents, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, the committee hav-
ing already acted on the question; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of M. C. Gritzncr,
praying compensation for damages sustained by
the non-fulfillment of a contract made by the Com-
missioner of Patents with him for the execution
of descriptions and illustrations of patents, and
the bill (S. No. 238) for the relief of M. C. Gritz-
ner, reported the bill without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of R. L. Dorr, praying
that the Secretary of State may be authorized to
demand of the British Government indemnity for
a violation, by its subjects", of the rights of Samuel
G. Dorr, under a patent for an improved method
of shearing cloth, issued by the United States
Patent Office, October 20, 1792, asked to be dis-
charged from its further co^ideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of Eii-
phalet Brown, jr., praying for the difference be-
tween the pay of master's mate and artist in the
Japan expedition, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 286) for the relief of Eli-
phalet Brown, jr. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
BARRACKS AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is requested to fur-
nish this body with all plans, estimates, and reports relat-
ing to the construction of new barracks for the tioops at
the Presidio ot San Francisco, and especially the report of
the inspector general, i elating thereto, of May, 1859.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 328) for the
relief of Peay & Ayliffe, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
The bill was read a first and second time, by
unanimous consent; and on motion of Mr. John-
son, of Arkansas, it was ordered to lie on the
table.
A subsequent message from the House an-
nounced that the House had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 192) authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loan and issue
stock for $200,000, for building a market-house,
with an amendment} in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested. '
The message further aiinounced; that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 228) relative to the
printing and distribution of the'annua!'message
of the President of the United States and accom-
panymg documents; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested. - > . .
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 239) for the
relief of the legal representatives of Charles Pear-,
son, deceased. :
PAY OF THE NAYY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion, to which there will be no objection, as the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
agrees to it. I am satisfied that the matter to'
which it relates needs attention at this session
very much; and I hope that the Committee on
Naval Affairs, if the Senate recommit those bills,
will take the matter into immediate consideration
and report, in order that it may be got through
this session. I believe it is a branch of the'ser-
vice which requires action:
Resolved, That Senate bills numbered 32 and 33 be re-
committed to the Committee on Naval Affairs, with In-
structions to report a bill establishing the pay of each grade
of officers per annum, in dollars and cents, with an Increase
at stated periods, up to twenty years of service.
There beingno objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I will suggest to my friend
from Maine to leave the alternative to the com-
mittee, to require them to inquire into the expe-
diency of it. I agree with tne principle, but I
would'suggest to the Senator that he amend his
resolution, so that the committee will be directed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting such
a bill. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine make the modification suggested by
the Senator from Florida ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is going to lead to
debate I will; but I introduced the resolution after
consulting with the Senator, and he agreed to it
in the form in which it is presented.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, I will take it in that
form.
Mr. SLIDELL. I trust that a question so
grave as that will not be passed as a matter of
course. I think the committee ought to have
some discretion on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary will mod-
ify my resolution so that the committee will be
directed to inquire into the expediency of it, and
report. I do not care about the form.
The resolution as modified was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Senate bills Nos. 39 and 33 be re-
committed to the Committee on Naval Affairs with instruc-
tions to inquire into the expediency of establishing the pay
of each grade of officers per annum, in dollars and cents,
with an increase at stated periods, up to twenty years of
service.
HOUR OF MEETING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now call up the special order.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Before the special order is
taken up, I desire to submit a motion in relation
to the hour of meeting of the Senate. We have a
very large Calendar, and the session is now being
Erocrastmated. We all know that after a late
our in the day it is impossible to.keep Senators
here. 1 think the easier and better way would be
to meet earlier in the morning. I think we ought
to meet earlier, and for that purpose I submit a
motion that the daily hour of the meeting of the
Senate shall be twelve o'clock, meridian, until
otherwise ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit that it is not a mat-
ter which must lie over, because a Senator objects
to it.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine can move to postpone the special order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do so for the purpose of
submitting that motion in regard to the hour of
meeting. I do not suppose it will take up the
time of the Senate.
