1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3029
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) Will the Senator from Illinois restate his
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only thing which I
desire is separate action upon our amendments
which have been amended in the House. That
is the only thin"; upon which I desire a separate
vote; and I insist upon my right to have it on
every one, although the Senator from Virginia
seems to think that I waived it. I waived no such
thing. 1 think there never was a proposition pre-
sented in the Senate so monstrous as that pre-
sented by the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee to-night; that he had a right to demand, by
a majority vote here, that fifty-odd amendments
should go to a committee of conference without
consideration, and without knowing what the
House had done. Now, what I wish to know
is, what the House has done in regard to our
amendments, and if 1 am not driven by the ex-
traordinary action of the Senator from Virginia
to pursue a different course, I am willing that we
shall take up first those amendments which the
House has amended and act upon them sepa-
rately; and then I shall be willing for myself that
we act upon the others by one vote. ["Very
well.5']
Mr. HUNTER. 1 agree to that, to save time,
without waiving the right of a majority to insist
upon the whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secrctai
will read the amendments indicated by the S>
tor from Illinois.
The Secretary. The House has concurred
in the fourth amendment of the Senate with an
amendment. The fourth amendment of the Sen-
ate is to increase from $300,000 to $593,882 60,
the appropriation for " constructing barracks and
other build ings at posts which it may be necessary
to occupy during the year; for repairing, altering,
and enlarging buildings at established posts, in-
cluding hire or commutation of quarters for officers
on military duty, hire of quarters for troops, of
storehouses for keeping military stores, of grounds
for summer cantonments for temporary frontier
stations, including $15,000 for the purchase of
stores."
The House amendment to this amendment, is
to strike out the amendment of the Senate, and
insert in" lieu thereof:
Thtec hundred and filty-nine thousand three hundted and
fifty-one dollar and fiay-tuur cents to be expended; as
follows*:
For lents, including hire or commutation of Quarters for
officers on military (luty, lure ol quaiters lor tioops, of
etoicliousps lor the r-afe-kcepinsj of militaiy stores, of
grounds tor summer cantonments for temporary frontier
station*, and .$808 87 to be paid as back rent for the sue of
Fort Davis, Texas, #101,230.
For repairing, altering, anrl enlarging buildings at estab-
lished military po^t-., £135.547.
For constructing bairacks and other buildings at the fol-
lowing posts, to wit.
At Barrancas barracks, Key Wet, and Fort Mackinaw,
in the department of the Eatt, $23,.">78 50.
In the department of the Wcs.t; atFoit Kearny, $10,000 ;
at Fort Itidgely, ,$2,000 : at Fort Randall, "$*2,70t) 1(5.
In the department of Texas : ;tt Camp Stockton, $2,000;
at Foit Chadbourne,$-2,til5 A->; at Camp Colorado,$1,000;
at Foit Davis, $5,0DD; at Foil Clark, .<$10,000; at Camp
Cooper, for ropaus, $K/ 000; at Foit Arbuckle,.$3,900
In the department of New Mexico: at Fort Mai ev, #3,590;
at Camp Burswm, $1,400; at Fort Defiance, oi such other
pobt as may be selected m lieu thereof. $7,000.
In the department of California: at Benecia barracks,
$308 75; at the i'rcsidroof San PYanci^co,$11,500; atFoit
Weller, $12,200.
In the department of Oipgon: at Fort Walla Walla,
$10,000; at Foit Vancouver, $7,673.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois insist upon a separate vote on
the amendment which has been just road r
Mr. TRUMBULL. This shows the import-
ance of seeing what the House has done. Here
is an appropriation of money for specific objects,
amounting to several hundred thousand dollars
from the reading of it, the first knowledge of which
the Senate has had is from reading the amend-
ment, and we were about to act upon it and vote
without ever having it printed or read, or know-
ing anything about it. Now, sir, I do not know
whether these amendments are right or not. I
should want some information from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, or some other committee
of this body that has investigated these subjects,
to know whether the appropriations are proper
for those specific works, and surely the Senate
ought not to act upon a question of that character'
without some information. I should vote against
concurring in that amendment of the House unless
I had some information in regard to it, and I make
the motion that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the
Senate, in which the House had concurred, with
an amendment, being the eighth amendment of
the Senate; which was to insert;
For reconstructing the stables at Carlisle barracks, $8,050.
The House amend mentis to strikeout "eight,"
and insert " four;" so as to make the appropria-
tion $4,050.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a reduction, and
I trust we shall concur with the House. I make
the motion that the Senate concur in this amend-
ment of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, I waited until the first amend-
ment was completed, in the hope that the Senator
from Illinois would see how great an error lie had
fallen into. He insists upon considering the
amendments of the House separately. If this
were an original proposition; if we were now about
to make appropriations; if this was the first knowl-
edge, as the Senator alleges m his own ease, which
the Senate had of it, then there might be some-
thing in the objection. But it is to be remembered
that the Senate have acted on all these cases, and
they are to be presumed to have had some inform-
ation before they sent the bill to the House. If
the House had other information, it seems to me
that the only way we could arrive at the facts on
which the House made the amendment, if they
are not patent, is to go into a conference with them,
and there learn what reasons have actuated their
proceedings. I waited to hear what would be said
on the amendment in which the Senate has just
non-concurred. I heard, among the things which
were retained, an object which was estimated for,
but which subsequent events have shown us will
probably require no appropriation at all. The
Senate had wisely left this matter to the execu-
tive branch of the Government. They had given
an amount of money, based upon estimates m de-
tail. These estimates were made, so far as they
could be foreseen, to meet the contingencies of
service. It was then supposed that wc should
have to maintain a garrison at Camp Cooper, and
an estimate was made on that basis; but the Sen-
ate did not attempt to tie the appropriation down
to the particular locality, foreseeing, as every de-
liberative body should have foreseen, that, if the
garrison was moved from that point, it would en-
tail expenditure somewhere else, and that the Gov-
ernment was not to be crippled in its movements
by appropriating money for a specific point, but
wisely appropriate it for one great object—the
public defense. Since the time that estimate was
made, since that item was incorporated in a gen-
eral sum, it has been found probably unnecessary
to occupy that post longer as a garrison, and we
have been, notified that that amount would prob-
ably not be required to be expended; yet that is
reserved, whilst the whole sum is reduced. That
is reserved as one of the cherished items, and sent
back enumerated hero for appropriation. Now
they propose to reduce the appropriation for the
reconstruction of the stable, which has been re-
cently been destroyed by fire, one half; that is to
say, one half the sum of the estimate, which in-
cluded all the material on hand, was found to be
necessary to reconstruct the stable. The effect
will be to put up the walls, perhaps, and leave it
without any covering to piotect it. if you choose
to have no stable at Carlisle barrorks, strike out
the whole appropriation. If you choose to ha\e
one at all, make an appropriation adequate to put
it up, not eke it out in two years of appi opriation,
mcieasing the final expenditure; allowing the
woik done in one year to go more or less out of
repairbefore another appropriation comes to com-
plete it; ns it were, to put a roof on it and put
stalls into it, so that it can be occupied. The
House of Representatives are wrong, palpably
wrong. They should either have stricken out
the $8,050, or"they should have left it in. If they
do not want the stable, they should strike out the
whole appropriation. If they do want the stable,
they should give the amount of the estimate.
Mr. FESSENDEjNT. The Senate appropriated
the amount of the estimate, $8,050, and the House
has cut it down to $4,050. My friend from Illi-
nois moves to concur with the amendment of the
House. He can only do so, of course, upon in-
formation and knowledge of the facts; and I should
like to ask him what knowledge he has upon
which he makes the motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be very happy to
answer both the Senator from Maine and the
Senator from Mississippi. 1 believe the expendi-
tures of this Government are double/What they
ought to be. I know that they have been more
than doubled in the last eight years. The ex-
penses now are twice what they used to be. The
expenses of your Army are more than the expend-
itures of the whole Government were some thirty
years ago. Whenever two bodies of equal intel-
ligence report to me two different sums for a spe-
cific work, about which 1 have no particular
knowledge, I vote for the lesser sum. That is
the principle upon which I act. I have as much
confidence in the House of Representatives, and
in the committees of the House of Representa-
tives, about this matter, as I have in the commit-
tees of the Senate. I know that the House is
making a struggle to reduce the extravagant and
profligate expenditures of the Government; I
know that the Senate has added millions upon
millions to the appropriation bills beyond what
the House believed to be necessary; and when I
find that for a specific object the Senate has made
an appropriation of $8,000, which the House on
consideration has refused to agree to, and has re-
duced to §4,000,1 prefer, unless some reason is
given why the $4,000 is not enough, to take the
smaller sum. That is satisfactory to me, though
it may not be to the Senator from Maine.
That is the reason why I am for concurring
with the House in regard to this amendment. We
have received no information except general dec-
lamation. The Senator from Mississippi tells us
that if we want to put up the walls and leave the
buildinguncovered, perhaps $4,000 will do. Does
not the Senator know that §4,000 will build a sta-
ble and inclosc it? Must it necessarily cost
$8,000 ? I pretend to no specific knowledge about
it. I base my actioi upon the action of the House
of Representatives, which lias considered our
amendment, and, for reasons satisfactory to itself,
reduced the amount—abodyhavmgequal knowl-
edge with the Senate of what is a necessary ap-
propriation for this purpose. I know very well
that $4,000 will build a stable, inclose it, and put
a roof on it. I know that §8,000 would build a
more extravagant one. I know that,$500,000
would build a custom-house at Charleston that
would answer all the purposes of the Govern-
ment. I know that the Government has under-
taken to build one which is to cost $4,000,000,
which 1 think a very extravagant and wasteful
expenditure of money; and unless some reason is
given other than that $4,000 will only put up the
walls and leave the building uncovered, I think
we had better adopt the amendment of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Illinois in-
forms us that he has no information on the sub-
ject; and I believe it. He says the House has the
same amount, and they exhibit it in the amend-
ment. He says, however, that whenever two
sums are presented,he votes for the smaller. That
is to say, his principle is measured by dollars and
cents; and oven his history docs not sustain him
in that. He just moved to non-concur in an
amendment where the sum was reduced. I can-
not follow such devious winding as this. I gave
him the information that the estimate had been
sent here showing what the amount was. If he
will look at it, he will find the brick, the nails,
everything specified by items, and the prices set
opposite to each. Now, if the Senator wanted
to reduce the price, he should have shown that
the market was going to fall, or that he could buy
the bricks and nails and plank cheaper than the
estimate of the Quartermaster General. He talks
about building a stable of finer finish and more
splendid than another. That is not the question;
it is a question of size—size determined by the
use to which it is to be applied. If he had gone
to the estimate for his information, and announced
that biick were to be got cheaper, or that it re-
quired fewer brick; that it required fewer nails;
or that nails were to be got cheaper; or thai, it
would take less plank than was proposed in the
estimate, there might have been something in it;
but this vague declamation about increased ex-
penditures, and about economy, by a man who
does not pretend to lay his finger on an item, or
