1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
that there is no slavery there now—that there is
nothing authorizing it; and then declares that
nothing in the bill shall be construed to authorize
it, while there is nothing in the bill that refers to
the subject of slavery, except the proviso itself.
The 'Territories are in a climate and latitude
where no sensible man ever supposed for one in-
stant that slavery can go, and where no sensible
man would take slaves. And yet so anxious are
these gentlemen to keep up the agitation for po-
litical effect, and to excite to madness their con-
stituents, that they place the Wilmot proviso 011
bills organizing Territories where they know that
slavery cannot, under any circumstances, go. So,
too, there was a bill reported the other day from
the Judiciary Committee, to repeal the laws of
New Mexico protecting slavery—laws approved
and indorsed by nearly the' entire population of
that Territory.
And yet gentlemen on the other side of the
House pretend to say that the discussion and agi-
tation are chargeable to our side; when we all
know that, whenever they get an opportunity, out
of order or in order; in season or out of season;
in every way, uncalled for, improper, and unpro-
voked, they introduce the question and agitate it.
Now that the cry in respect to bleeding Kansas
has been taken from them; now that the Kansas
question, to a great extent, has passed from before
us, they are so anxious tp hunt up something else,
that they attempt to apply the Wilmot proviso to
a Territory so far north that a nigger could hardly
keep from freezing to death if he were there; and
yet they pretend to say that we are the agitators
of the question.
I was remarking, a few moments ago, that I re-
gretted that the Territories had been so maltreated
as they have been by that side of the House. The
House allowed to the chairman of the Committee
011 Territories two days for that business; and lie
and his friends have absolutely wasted it in use-
less and vexatious proceedings. In the very face
of the expressed sentiment and will of the House
—when the House, by a majority of from twenty
to thirty, laid one of his territorial bills on the
tabic—instead of taking that as the judgment of
the House, and acquiescing in it, he pressed the
same character of bills for additional tests; in-
sisted on the yeas and nays, and unnecessarily
consumed the time by such dilatory motions.
And in this way they have occupied almost the
entire time which the House gave to the consid-
eration of the territorial business; and now that
the time is about expiring, while the Territories
have had no legislation performed for them, and
are without the legislation that is needed, and
which they had a right to expect, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania calls up and presses to-day a
bill that is substantially the same as one winch
the House yesterday, by a derided majority, laid
011 the table. He says that the bill which he
presses to-day is a little different from the bill of
yesterday. That may be; and yet it may not be
materially different—not so different as to change
the vote of one member of the House. Nobody
supposes it. I take it for granted the gentleman
from Pennsylvania lias too much intellect to sup-
pose that there was any hope of changing votes
enough to changc the result; yet he consumed a
portion of the day before yesterday, the whole of
yesterday, (orat least it was consumed under his
lead,) without profit either to the country or to
the Territories; and to-day, time is again wasted
in the same manner, under the lead of that gen-
tleman and his friends, in a useless scramble to
attempt to force on the House and the country
that which the House has shown it would not
take; that which the judgment of the House has
condemned in its recorded vote here; and that
w hich he and they have no hope can pass into a
law.
I was very much interested in the speech of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis;] he seemed
to have fallen so desperately I11 love with these
Territories—or infant States, as he styled them—
lie seemed to be so devoted to their interests, that
T was amazed when I looked at the Journal of
last session and found the vote of the distin-
guished gentleman recorded in favor of laying 011
the table territorial bills, substantially the same
as some of these he is now advocating with such
a degree of wjimth.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will point
me to iiiy vote in that way.
Mr. HOUSTON. What way r
Mr. CURTIS. In favor of laying the bills on
the table. I understand the gentleman to say that
he saw my name among those who voted in favor
of laying the bill on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. What bill ?
Mr. CURTIS. This bill, or any bill like it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why, the gentleman's
memory is short. Here are bills which the gen-
tleman voted to lay on the table.
Mr. CURTIS. Oh, last year! [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Bills organizing Territories,
and over much of the very same territory.
Mr. CURTIS. The difference is this: that the
people of the Territory of Idaho are petitioning
and imploring you to give them a territorial or-
ganization. I never voted against the organiza-
tion of any Territory that I remember, except
the gentleman means the old Lecompton bill.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. The gentleman
from Iowa voted against these territorial bills last
session. I know the fact, as I was a member of
the Committee 011 Territories.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Did not the gen-
tleman from Iowa vote last year against Arizona
and Jefferson Territories?
. Mr. CURTIS. I do not remember.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend's memory has
failed him. He has not read this Journal lately.
A hill was reported by Mr. Stephens to organize
the Territory of Arizona. Mr. Case voted to lay
it on the table, and so did Mr. Curtis—Samuel
R. Curtis. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURTJS. I wish the gentleman to under-
stand that 1 did not say, in my remarks yesterday,
that I was particularly anxious for the organiza-
tion of the Territory of Chippewa. I have not
yet said that I would vote for that. Nor do 1
favor the proposition to divide New Mexico. But
1 have never voted against the oiganization of a
Territory when there was a reasonable necessity
for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says there
was 110 reason for the organization of this Territory
last session. 1 should like to know why there is
so much more reason n<*v than there was then ?
The gentleman made a speech yesterday in favor
of organizing the Territory of Chippewa, where
some intelligent and well-informed gentlemen say
there is not a white man to be found, and others
say there are fifty or a hundred white men. I be-
lieve the most extravagant estimate I have heard
is two or three hundred. The gentleman's speech
was based upon that bill, and yet at the last ses-
sion he voted to lay upon tliftablc bills to organ-
ize Arizona and Dakota and Jefferson, coveringa
large portion of the country that the present bills
propose to organize. The gentleman says that he
does not remember voting against any of those
bills. I suppose lie was dazzled yesterday by his
own figure 111 relation to the Presidency, and lie
regrets now that his own name is recorded on the
Journal against such bills. These infant States
in the great Northwest may some day come up
and stand in his way for the Presidency. That
may be what has dazzled him, and made him so
forgetful of the votes which this record shows he
gave. Here is a sentence from the gentleman's
speech yesterday. I will give him the benefit of
it. He said:
" I warn you, gentlemen, that when you vote against the
Ten itoi ie«, you vote against infant States and governments
that will one day stand ;r; bold defiant witnet-ses against
vou. You may "one day be candidates for the I'lefidenej.
I call upon the people of the Territories to mark well the
men who vote against their destiny."
And, for that reason, I have thought thatl would
put the name of my distinguished friend in the
list of those who have voted against the Territo-
ries, so that, when the people of the Territories,
by liis advice, come to mark those who have voted
" against their interest and destiny," he may re-
ceive a long black mark, as one of those wno ha\c
warred against what he calls " infant States "
Mr. Speaker, I hope that we may yet transact
some business for the Territories. There is some
little time yet left. Let us, then, transact the
business of the Territories m good faith, and trifle
no longer with this question, which the House
really disposed of yesterday, and which, in good
faith, gentlemen on the opposite side of the House
should have allowed to remain disposed of. 1 win
now yield the floor, for a moment, to the gentle-
man from Iowa.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman has intimated
that in my vote last year in favor of laying upon
the table the Arizona bill 
Mr. HARDEMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Inasmuch as objection was made to the
floor being yielded by the gentleman from Ala-
bama to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thayer,] I object to its being yielded to any one
Mr. HOUSTON. Objection being made, I
move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man from Iowa will have an opportunity to ex-
plain thatinfant phenomenon" of yesterday.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would inquire of the
gentleman why hp wishesa call of the House?
Mr. REAGAN. This side of the House
seems to be rather thin.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If the gentleman knows
of.any gentlemen who are absent, I am willingto
vote for a call, but otherwise I do not think it
necessary.
Mr. REAGAN. As gentlemen do not seem to
think a call necessary, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is there a motion pending
to lay the bill upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust the House will not
sustain the motion. I demand the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91; nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Allen, Thomas
L. Anderson, William C. Andeisun, Ashmorc, Avery,
Bark-dale. Batr, Ran< tt, Bocoek, lioyce, Brabson, Branch,
Biistow, Btucl), Burnett, John B. CJaik, Ciopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige,
CtuwfordjJolmG. Davis, DeJarnotte, Edmundson, Etber-
idge, Florence, Garnett, Gartrel), Gilmer, Hardeman, J.
Morrison Ham?, John T. Hairis, llatton, Hawkins, Hill,
IlohiMii, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Kunkcl, La-
mar, Landium, Lurrabee, Jamen M. Leach, Logan, Love,
Mallory, Ciiailes D. Martin, McQueen, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, LabanT. Mooie. Sydenham Moore, Isaac N.
Morris, Noifon, N.blai'k, Pendleton, Peyton, Tiielps, Pryor,
Fugh, Uuarles, Keagan. Reynolds, Rigs*, James €. Robin-
son, Uust, Schwartz, Scott, Simras, William Smith, Wil-
liam IV. 11. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, Stokes,Taylor,
Thayer, Thomas, Underwood, Valiandigliam,Vance, Wins-
low, Woodson, and Wright—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F.Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Bab-
bitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Burnham, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Curtis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Grow,
Ilelmick, Huinphre.y, Hutcliins, Irvine, Junkm, Francis
W. KeIlog£, Kenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, Mc-
KntaUt, McPheisort. IVfillward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Jov Moiris, Morse,' Olin, Palinor, Poriy, Pettit, Porter,
Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Kobinson, Royce, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewatt, Stratton, Tappan, Tompkins, Vandever, Wade,
Waklion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburn, Israel Washbuin, Wells, Wmdom, and Wood-
ruff— &3.
So the lull was laid upon the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BONHAM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois; otherwise he would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BARKSDALE announced that Mr. Davis,
of Mississippi, had paired off with Mr. Hoard for
to-day.
Mr. HALE stated that he had paired oft with
Mr. Webster. , ,
Mr. aUARLES stated that Mr. Maynard had
paired off for to-day with Mr. Wood.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. McCleri*and had
paired off with Mr. Burroughs for two weeks
from the day before yesterday.
Mr. POTTLE announced that Mr. Wilson had
paired off with Mr. English.
Mr. DAWES announced that Mr. Train had
paired off with Mr. Hasicin.
Mr. STOUT stated that if he had not been
paired off he should have voted "ay."
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM stated he had paired
off upon all subjects except this, with Mr. Ash-
ley; but with the privilege of transferring the pair
at any time.
Mr. McPlIERSON slated that Mr. Stevens,
of Pennsylvania, was paired off with Mr. Jones.
Mr. THEAKER would have voted   no,"if he
had not been paired with Mr. Davidson-.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, announced that
