132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
slaves so much as to desire their freedom and clamor for
their "emancipation, and yet hate them so much as to-be
unwilling to allow them a home In their own State; es-
pecially so, since, by the existing laws in the slave States,
the n.egro cannot be liberated and remain where he is. He
replied: i T do not toish the slave emancipated because I love
him, but because I hate his master—I hate slavery—I hate a
man that ttill own a slave.'"
Such, Mr. President, I sincerely believe is the
common sentiment of the Republican party; such
has been, substantially, the language of other
Senators who have sat upon this floor, or, at
least", the sentiment avowed by them. I do not
doubt that Governor Chase said it', because I know
Mr. Chadick to be a man above suspicion and
without reproach, who never violates the com-
mandments or dishonors the cause of the Prince
of Peace, whom lie professes to follow. And yet
I will s.ay that, from my acquaintance with Gov-
ernor Chase, while he was a Senator upon this
floor, I was persuaded that he was among the
last men of that party who would entertain feel-
ings so rancorous, or indulge in their expression
in such decided and bitter terms; for he is a
scholar of highly cultivated intellect and refined
feelings, whose deportment here was that of an
affable, amiable, and philanthropic man. His
colleague, in former days, who now sits upon
this floor, has uttered substantially the same
sentiment,
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator refer to me?
Mr. CLAY. I do refer to you, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Alabama yield to the Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. CLAY. I will, most assuredly.
Mr. WADE. I only wish the Senator to give
my language, and the time and place when such
a sentiment was uttered, that is all. I think he is
mistaken about it.
Mr. CLAY. I will do so. If the Senator is
not misreported in a speech delivered in the State
of Maine, in the summer of 1855, he declared that
the North and the South hated each other as cor-
dially as the English and the Russians. I do
not pretend to quote his exact language, but I did
so in his presence in 1856, and he did not ques-
tion the correctness of my recital. His sentiment
was that as cordial hatred existed between the
North and the South as between the. English and
the Russians, who were then carrying on war
ill the Crimea against each other.
The same sentiment has been often avowed in
different language, by the distinguished Senator
from New "¥ork, [Mr. Seward,] not now in his
seat; and I feci no compunction or hesitation in
referring to his remarks or criticising them, be-
cause I have done so in his presence, ami he did
not deny the correctness of my quotation or dis-
sent from the construction which I placed on his
language. He has denounced, throughout the
State of New York, the slaveholders of this coun-
try, in language not so coarse but quite as harsh
as that used by the Senator from Ohio who sits
before me. The Senator from Oliio has charac-
terized us as Vandals who had stolen northern
rights. ASenator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] denounced us as robbers, and declared that—
"There* is no viienoss of dishonesty, no denial of human
rights, that is not plainly involved in the support of sla-
very."
The Senator from Ohio declared, that—
" Slavery, founded m violenee, rnu'-t always be aggreft-
fltve ; and the moment it craves to be nggrcssm*, n ceases
to be fit all. That is its very iifo ; its being i« outragf "
The Senator from New York denounced us as
a "perfidious privileged class," and charged us
with fraud, perfidy, and dishonor.
Now, sir, I conld multiply quotations of sim-
ilar sentiments from others who sit on this floor,
or have sat here, and from distinguished Repre-
sentatives of that party in the other end of this
Capitol. But we are told that these men do not
express the sentiments of the Republican party,
and the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
denies that they have the right to speak for that
party. These sentiments were uttered previous
to the elections of those distinguished men to the
Senate of the United States or to the House of
Representatives; and do they think we are so
stupid, and so ignorant of the character of our in-
stitutions, as to be persuaded that those elected
to high offices do not reflect the feelings and opin-
ions of the electors ?
In this country, office-holders are generally the
expositors and advocates of principles and senti-
ments which they kiiow are congenial to the
minds and hearts of the people who elect them.
Hence I presume that those men spoke what the
party whom they represent thought and felt; and
therefore say that the Republican party cordially
hate slaveholding and slaveholders. In saying
this I intend no personal disrespect. I hate .crime
and criminals, acknowledge no fellowship with
those who commit a felon's acts and deserve a
felon's fate, and do not feel that apology is due to
anybody for this declaration. It is not incumbent
upon those who regard slaveholding as a crime
and slaveholders as criminals, to offer any apology
or endeavor to excuse themselves for their hatred
of us and avowal of it before the world.
I might quote, from northern Republicans, ex-
pressions of hatred, abhorrence, and loathing- of
us, until the list stretched to the length of the
calendar of saints, but will forbear, because this
is not pleasant to mo, and may not be instructive
or entertaining to the other side of the Senate,
who doubtless have heard, and know much more,
than any southern man can tell.
But your hatred for our institutions and for us
is disclosed in the very platform which was jeer-
ingly read in our hearing by the Senator from
Illinois, m which you denounce slavery as a
" twin relic of barbarism" with polygamy. Po-
lygamy is not only in your and our estimation
an unchristian, heathenish, and barbarous prac-
ticc, but a violation of the revealed will of God,
of natural law, and of the rights, interests, and
duties of humanity. It is not merely a sin, but
is, also, a crime. Your laws and our laws, and
the laws of all Christian States, punish it as a
crime. You denounce slavery equally as a sin
and a crime, and would, no doubt, proscribe and
punish it if you had the power.
Furthermore, your platform declares that the
negro is entitled to liberty and equality with the
white man in social and political rights. Do I
misinterpret it? If so, correct me. I so ander-
stand it, and many of your northern States illus-
trate it in their acts of legislation. In the State
of Massachusetts, ibr instance, you accord the
negro the elective franchise, enroll'him in the mili-
tia, and admit him to every other civil and polit-
ical right which the white man can enjoy—ay,
you grant lum even by law the privilege of inter-
marriage with the white race. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] condemn this?
Will he say, in the presence of the American
Senate, that his Legislature has erred, or that his
party has, in conferring on the negro all the civil
rights, privileges, and immunities of the white
man, especially in authorizing amalgamation by
intermarriage? If so, I will with pleasure yield
him the floor, fie declines to do it; and hence
it must be inferred that he approves the entire
equality, maintained by the statutes of his State,
between the negro and the white races, even to
the extent of commingling their blood by lawful
marriage. The State of New Hampshire is but
little, if any, behind Massachusetts, and I should
propound similar questions to her representatives
if they were present. .Indeed, there are, if I am
not misinformed, but few of the northern States
in which you have not, by special legislation, ad-
mitted the negro to all, or nearly all, the rights
and privileges of the white man.
Therefore, I repeat, that you maintain by your
Elatform, and illustrate by your legislation, your
elief that the negro is the equal of the white man
in social and political rights, and that all dispar-
aging distinctions by legal enactment between the
two should be obliterated. You thus make a chasm
between the North and the South so deep and
wide that it can never be filled up or bridged over.
You cannot pass it without sacrificing your prin-
ciples or denying your faith. We cannot pass it
without denying our faith and sacrificing our coun-
try. Hence, we can never stand together. Hence,
we can never submit to your domination until we
are prepared to pass beneath the yoke, and sur-
render all that is dear to us in the present or in
the future.
You show your hatred of slaveholding and of
slaveholders, in other ways, by your non-action of
legislation as well as by your action. For twenty-
five years past, our negroes have been stolen or
roBbed from us, either by individuals or by organ-
ized bands of predatory northern invaders. Tell
me, northern Senators, what non-slaveholding
State has ever, by any act of legislation, provided
for the punishment of these depredations upon our
property, or for the suppression and prevention
of such offenses ? Is there one ? If there be one,
I should be glad to hear it. My friend on my
right [Mr. Green] says that the State of Illinois
did it; but I ask him whether it was not the act of
a Democratic Legislature ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes.
Mr. CLAY. I knew it must be.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator from
Alabama that California, year after year, has
passed a fugitive slave law—a local law.
Mr. CLAY. I repeat to my friend the same
question: Was it not the act of a Democratic
Legislature ?
Mr. GWIN. Of course it was, for we never
have any -other.
Mr. CLAY. Of course it was; but nowhere,
in any non-slaveholding State of this Union, ex-
cept where the Democratic party have prevailed,
and while they have controlled legislation, has
any act been passed to suppress the thieving and
robbery which have been carried on upon the slave
property of the South. Thus, you have counte-
nanced the robbery of our property and violation
ofour rights; you have encouraged it by your
non-action. In vain we have complained; we have
remonstrated; we have invoked you, as brethren,
living under a common Constitution, in the bond
of a common Union, and professedly devoted to
the same common destiny, to discharge your sol-
emn obligations—obligations devolved on you by
the comity of confederate friendiy States—de-
volved on you by the solemn injunctions of the
Federal Constitution—obligations which you are
adjured by a solemn oath to carry out and main-
tain.
Suppose I paused here and went no further,
might I not truly say that the sentiment of Gov-
ernor Chase is illustrated by the practice of the
party to which you belong ? Where is the Sena-
tor of the Republican party, who, in his place, will
get up and say that he thinks it is the duty of tho
Legislature of the State which he represents, by
legislation, to prevent these predatory incursions
into southern States, and the kidnapping, steal-
ing, and running off ef our slaves? Where is
one w.ho condemns it, and will say that his State
ought .to suppress these unfriendly and hostile
acts? I pause for a reply. Not one. All would
cncourage these depredations upon our property,
at least by non-action. All admit, by their silence,
that their Legislatures are right to discountenance,
to discourage, and to destroy that institution, as
far as they dare do.
But your Legislatures have not been content, by
inaction, to countenance these depredations upon
our rights and our property. You have actually
encouraged them by positive legislation. The
State of Massachusetts, under Republican admin-
istration, has passed an act for the purpose of
nullifyingthefugitive slave law. She disfranchises
the lawyer who there appears for the claimant of
a fugitive slave. She threatens the judge who
dares try any such cause with impeachment. She
punishes ignommiously, as well as by fine, the
jailor or other officer who assists in the seizure or
the restoration of a fugitive slave. She menaces
with ignominious punishment all ministerial or
military officers who aid in enforcing that law.
No doubt she does it with the approbation of the
Senators from Massachusetts. If not, let them
now speak. It is not denied, and I take it for
granted that they approve of this legislation.
Well, similar acts have been passed in New Hamp-
shire, Vermont, Rhode Island, Maine, New York,
Michigan, Wisconsin, and, doubtless, in other
States whose legislation I have not had time to
review. All of those have nullified, so far as they
could do, the fugitive slave law of 1850, and have
provided for punishing as a crime the execution,
or aiding or abetting in the execution, of that act.
Will not one Senator from either of those States
declare, in tho presence of the American Senate,
and proclaim to the American people, his disap-
proval of those acts ? _ Will none here admit that
they are, as they certainly are, gross infractions of
the Federal Constitution and inexcusable abuses
of rights solemnly guarantied by that instrument
to the South? I pause for a reply. Not one!
And yet you proclaim in our hearing, boldly, and
with apparent frankness and sincerity, that your
party tries and intends to observe and maintain
all the constitutional rights of the South. Can
