2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. Ashley had paired off with Mr. Vallandig-
ham, until Monday week, upon all questions
except territorial ones; and that on territorial
questions he was paired off with Mr. Barrett.
\ Mr. RICE announced that Mr. Bcrlingame
had paired off with Mr. Martin, of Virginia; the
pair to continue through next week.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Clark B. Cochrane.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. THOMAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF TIIE RECORD,
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege. I desire to enter a motion to correct
the official printed record of the proceedings of
the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not a privileged
question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I understand that
my colleague [Mr. Kellogg] has gone to Chica-
go. On his return I shall call up ray motion as
a privileged question. ^
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the territorial
Calendar.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar. The Calendar is overloaded
with cases, and I want to see if this House is
willing to do justice to the claimants on the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Territorial busi-
ness is the special order for to-day, and I am as-
tonished at the course of the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 do not care whether it is
t lie special order or not. There is a duty imposed
upon Congress which it has neglected too long;
and 1 call upon the House to come up and hear
the demands of the people, and to do justice. You
have had nearly three days for territorial business
already.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri is in order. The motion of
the gentleman from Maryland is not in order, ter-
ritorial business being the special order for to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from Maryland that ho move to
postpone the special oider.
Mr. HUGHES. I make that motion. We
have been three days on territorial business, and
have done nothing.
Mr. FENTON. i rise to a question of order.
On the day before yesterday the chairman of the
Committee on Territories asked that this day
should be set apart for the territorial business of
that day. The only territorial business of that day
was the bill to organize the Territory of Idaho.
That business has been disposed of, and the spe-
cial order for to-day has, therefore, exhausted
itself. The motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar is, therefore, in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order. The territorial business generally was
postponed until to-day.
Mr. HUGHES. My motion to postpone is in
order, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion is
not in order, pending the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I hope th.> Hour- will
vote down that motion.
Mr. CLA.RK, of Missouri. I hope they will
do no such thing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems to
me that the ruling of the Chair, that the motion
to postpone does not take precedence of the mo-
tion to go into committee, is wrong.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hold that the
motion of the gentleman to go into committee
takes precedence.
Mr. GROW. I hope that motion will not be
agreed to. The call of committees for reports is
the regular business in order, and I hope the call
will be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into committee. I want the
Journal to show who it is that refuses to do any
territorial business.
Mr. GROW. The House decided to have a
call of committees, and I want to see the order of
the House carried out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 74.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the Calendar on territorial business.
WASHINGTON INDIAN SOTERINTENDENCY.
M r. GROW. The first bill on the Calendar
is House bill No. 181, to provide for a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for Washington Ter-
ritory, and additional Indian agents. As my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Gooch] could
not have an opportunity in the House to report
the bills with which he was charged, I trust we
shall go on now and act upon the bills which are
on this Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. With the per-
mission of the committee, I desire to say that I
was not here this morning when the gentleman
from Massachusetts stated, as I am informed, that
I used certain expressions in a speech of the last
session in reference to the settlers in the Territo-
ries. The gentleman misstated what I said.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
Tlu!se bills are special orders, and no debate is
in order excepton the bills under consideration.
The bill was read. It authorizes the President
to make a separate superintendency of Washing-
ton Territory, and to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during the
recess theieof, and until the end of its next ses-
sion after such appointment, a superintendent of
Indian affairs for said Territory, with an annual
salary of $2,SOU, to be paid out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The second section provides that the President
be authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or during the recess
thereof, and until the end of its next session after
such appointment, three additional Indian agents
for said Territory, with an annual salary of SI ,500
each, to be paid out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otlieiwise appiopiidted.
Mr. ETHEIllDGE. I offer the following
amendment, as an additional section:
Hr.o. 3. tic it further cnaUcd, That the President, in
■ifljiwlutj! It'1' I'rnit-; ot the respective supoimteiidenoies of
Oieson ami Washington, may attach any tribe situated
partly m both to either supeimteiuleney, m such manner
as, in iii ? juci'Ttm-nt. it may best promote the public sorvicc.
Mr. BRANCH. It occurred to me, in hearing
the bill read, that it makes appropriations for the
Fayment of the salaries of these officers, which,
think, is unusual and improper in a bill of this
description.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Thcbillfixes the salaries
of the ofiiceis.
Mr. BRANCH. It says they shall be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. I think that language had better
be stricken out.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Very well ;letitbc stricken
out.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Etheridge
was also agreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of this bill. It is recom-
mended by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and has been thoroughly examined by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs of this House.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
NEBRASKA AND NEW MEXICO INDIAN AGENCIES.
The next bill on the Calendar, being House bill
No. 557, to establish two Indian agencies in Ne-
braska Territory, and one in the Territory of
New Mexico, was taken up for consideration.
The bill was read. It directs that there be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
three additional agents for the Indian service, at
an annual salary of $1,500 each; one for the In-
diansin the Territory of New Mexico, oneforthe
Ponca tribe, and one for the Pawnees, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to state to the com-
mittee that this bill was drawn up by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and is reported by
the Committee on Indian Affairs at his solicita-
tion. I move that it be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do pass.
NEW MEXICO INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar, being a bill (H.
R. No. 376) providing for the examination of
claims for Indian depredations in the Territory of
New Mexico, was taken up for consideration.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish the chairman of the
committee who reported this bill to explain how
this matter comes up in this shape. It is an old
affair evidently; and, if I am not mistaken, Com-
missioner Manypenny reported adversely upon
the claim.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. I do not
see that it has any pertinency to the subject of
territorial business. It is not a claim arising
under a territorial organization, or under any
territorial law, and it is no more pertinent to the
Territory of New Mexico, as an act of legislation
on our part, than to any of the States and Terri-
tories of the Union. Itarisesout of Indian depre-
dations,and has no business here under this special
order. I think it should go on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. PHELPS. This bill was on the Private
Calendar, and was reached in its order the other
day, when the question was made that it was not
a private bill, but was public in its character; and
it was then taken from the Private Calendar and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. I understand it was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but it ought not to have been placed on
this territorial Calendar. It does not come within
the special order for to-day. That is the point I
make.
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer the other point the
gentleman makes. As I said, this bill was taken
out of the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, reported to the House, and by
the House placed on the Calendar in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. Now,
then, in reference to the point the gentleman
makes, that this is not territorial business, I differ
with him. It does relate to territorial business. It-
is to provide for the ascertainment of such claims
as may have arisen, under the legislation of the
country, in the Territory of New Mexico, out of
depredations committed by Indians upon the cit-
izens of that Territory. I think, therefore, it is
proper that it should be considered as a partof the
territorial business of the House. It relates to the
Territory of New Mexico, and to no other Ter-
ritory; and I think it is as much a part of the
business of that Territory as a bill to provide for
the completion of the public buildings in any of
the Territories of the United States.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. I
withdraw my motion that this bill be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and make the point of order
that, while it may be pronerly on the Calendar of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it is not a claim which arises under the
organization or laws of the Territory, and there-
fore is not properly upon the territorial Calendar.
Mr. REAGAN. Itwill be seen, by reference to
the bill, that it proposes a lav/ relating to the con-
dition of things in a Territory. It is a public law,
and not private in its nature. It provides for the
appointment of a general commission, charging it
with the duty of investigating the claims of citi-
zens of the United States which may arise in New
Mexico under the provisions of this bill. It ap-
plies to no particular citizen or special number of
citizens, so as to make it a private bill, and it
would unquestionably be wrong to place it upon
