1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LO:
Mississippi, while he was Secretary of War; but
■ although I have very great respect for his opinions,
I think the facts will show that four years is long
enough. Certainly, when we have such instances
before us every day as we see of gentlemen who
have gone through that Academy for a terra of
four years, and arrived at great distinction, both
in the Army and out of it, I think it would be con-
cluded that the term that is usual at our colleges
is sufficient for the Military Academy.
Now, sir, I stated that I understood (and it has
not been denied by the honorable Senator) that
the teachers of that Academy are in favor of the
term of four years. I think they are competent
judges of what education it is necessary to give a
young man in order to take the grade of a lieutenant
111 the Army. I have always supported these ap-
propriations for the Military Academy. I know
there are many that are opposed to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to ask the Senator from
Maine whether the professors of the Academy
or the academic staff, have not coupled with this
another recommendation: that the standard of
education shall be elevated, in order to enable a
young man to become a cadet?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that is their opin-
ion.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that to be the
case; that they have coupled with the opinion that
four years is all that is necessary, that a young
man should receive a superior education to that
which he is now compelled to have in order to
gain admission. The eft'ect will be, that those
whose parents are able to educate them thoroughly
before they go there can secure admission, but
those not so fortunate cannot be admitted because
not competent to pass the examination.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I donotknow
how it may bo in point of fact in other places, but
I have known many young men enter the Military
Academy, and they went there with what is called
a good common education, such as is usually at-
tained in our common schools, to which all have
access; and if a boy, with the opportunity which
boys of all classes have in this country to go to
school, arrives at the age of sixteen years and has
not sufficiently accomplished himself to enter the
Military Academy, with what is required there, I
am rather inclined to think he is not fit to go there
at all, or would not stay there long after he en-
tered the Academy. I do not regard that as a suf-
ficient argument. It is not true, in this country,
that there is no opportunity for a boy of sixteen
years, which is about the age thought most advis-
•able, to acquire all the education that is necessary.
This is simply a proposition to extend the term
of the Academy another year, and to give a pre-
liminary education there, instead of requiring that
it should be obtained elsewhere.
I have no sort of feeling about this subject. I
care nothing about it. I think it my duty to offer
this amendment for the simple reason that if we
are to undertake to educate young men for the
Army, with all the objection there is to the Mili-
tary Academy at present, it is not quite advisable
to take them up at an early age and give them the
rudiments of education. By so doing we extend
the term of the Academy and its expenses very
much, and make it more odious than it is now
anions' many. But, sir, I have not the slightest
pride of feeling about it one way or the other. It
is a matter I have deliberated upon, and with the
judgment of the academic staff in favor of this
change, I have thought it my duty to submit it to
the Senate, with perfect indifference on my part
whether they vote it in or vote it out.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make one remark as to
the last words of the Senator from Maine. I do
not see how he reaches the conclusion, because
the board which is now examining the programme
of studies is composed partly of the academic staff.
The superintendent of the "Military Academy is
the president of the board which now has the sub-
ject under consideration, and that board has not
'reported. If I had all the information to be pre-
sented bv that board, I might make a decision; I
might be ready to act upon it. As at present im-
pressed, I should say if the term is to be fixed, I
would fix it at five years; but I dislike to make a
motion to amend, by fixing five years, because I
prefer to have the advantage of the report which
is to be made by that board. I think any action
upon it at this time premature. If we are to fix
it by law, do not do it until we have all the facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the board is now sitting 'upon
the subject and examining it?
Mr. DAVIS. The board assembled, progressed
to a certain extent, and adjourned to meet again.
In the mean time, the professors of each branch
in the Academy were required to make out the
total schedule of studies in each division of the
Academy, which is in process of preparation; and
the board is to reassemble some time during this
month or the next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be a very good
reason for delay. I am perfectly willing to with-
draw the amendment under those circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine withdraw his amendment ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to offer. It
is to insert, as an additional section:
JitiA be it further enacted, That the regiment of Texas
mounted volunteers, provided for by the act of April 7,
1858, shall not be received into the service of the United
States, if, in the opinion of the lieutenant general of the
United States, one of the mountpd regiments now in the
Army, or so much thereof as may be necessary, can be
safely ordered to the defense of Texas.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WIGFALL. I would merely suggest to
the Senator from New Hampshiie that it would
be better to amend his amendment, and make the
lieutenant general the commander of the Army,
instead of the President of the United States. The
Senator's object clearly is to kill the bill. I will
not discuss it.
Mr. HALE. I will only say, in my humble
opinion, with the highest respect for both these
gentlemen, the President of the "United States and
the lieutenant general, that I think I would rather
have the lieutenant general's opinion on a ques-
tion of military tactics than that of the President.
Mr. WIGFALL. But the fathers happen to
differ with you. The Constitution makes the
President the commander-in-chief.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this is really
giving a stone, when bread was asked for. The
executive department asked for more mounted
troops. He wanted some regiments added to the
Army—one a regiment of mounted men. Con-
gress, however, chose instead of giving him what
he asked for, to give him a regiment of mounted
volunteers. Having passed a law providing for
that increase irt certain contingencies, one regi-
ment of mounted men and two regiments of foot,
which two might be mounted in the discretion of
the President, the Executive thought proper not
to call them into service, because Congress had
made no appropriation.- The question before us
now is to make an appropriation to execute a
law of Congress. It is not that the Executive
has asked you to substitute regular troops by vol-
unteers or irregular troops. The reverse is true.
From no action taken l^the executive depart-
ment, can the Senator from New Hampshire draw
his proposition. Congress had a right to judge
what kind of troops to give; but this proposition
assumes to judge that -because Congress substi-
tuted one kind of troops for another, as a measure
of increment, therefore a reduction necessarily
follows. You are only giving what was asked
for—an increase. Congress exercised its dis-
cretion in deciding how that increase should be
given; but now the Senator appends to that a
proposition to reducc the existing force, and
that too, when the northern frontier of Texas is
the scene of daily raids by roving and murder-
ous bands, and when the Rio Grande frontier,
which is the international boundary between the
United States and Mexico, is the scene of such dis-
turbance as threatens war between that country
and this. Itisastrange time to propose areduction.
You have thrown upon the President the respons-
ibility of calling out the kind of troops wluch you
yourselves have thought piopcr to adopt. Is not
that enough? Must you, in the face of the decla-
ration of a necessity for these additional troops to
save the property, to save the lives of the people
of Texas, propose a reduction so as to dimmish
the power of the Executive to give that protection
both to the northern and western frontier of Texas
which devolves on us as one of the highest duties
under our constitutional existence ? It is quite
clear, sir, that those who seek to give protection
to that country, sooner than adopt the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire, would re-
ject the "proposition' entirely", leaving the Presi-
dent with the force he has, and the power he has
to call' out the militia; "leaving 'also, tfre" Governor,
of the State with tfte power which'lie" now'-exeir*
cises to employ the Volunteer companies of Texa's",
and with an existing''law upon th$ statute-book
providing for calling Oiit a regimfent from that
State, and with'thd certainty that thofie troops not
having been contrblled and' directed 'by the 'Fed-
eral authority would soon coin's,here foV payment,'
and that we should have to pay the- bills of ali
expenses incurred.
I do' not see the purpose'of. the Senator frbm
New Hampshire, I cannot comprehend'the ob-
ject which he has,in view. H?e surely ioesiiHt
thus expect to initiate a reduction of the Arm' fs.
He cannot believe that because we are asked fo^
more troops, the time has come when fl.ieducJ
tion may properly be made. He should' Svait for
a season of peace. He should wait for a time
when the troops have been concentrated, when the
farge force now in Utah has been brought back
to the duties in which it was formerly engaged;
If then it shall be found that we have an excess
of troops, that would be the time to propose a- re-
duction ; not now, when the want of troops causes
Us to seek the employment of volunteers to per-
form those duties which ordinarily devolve on the
regular Army. The State -of Texas isentitled to
consideration in her present 'condition,''fend wKe'ft
the Executive makes a request, which request':is
complied with in a manner consistent with the
views of Congress, it is but little that he should
ask you for the money with which to carry .out
your own views. That is all he asks.
I do not wish, Mr. President, to prolong a de-
bate that may perhaps only delay the rejection of
an amendment, the object of which I do not com-
prehend, the objections toNvhich I have briefly
stated, and the purpose of which I shall be glad
to learn from the Senator from New .Hampshire
if he has a real purpose in it.
Mr. HALE. I shall be glad if the Senator
from Mississippi will tell the Senate how many
Federal troops there are in Texas, what kind of
troops they are, and how mgny are ordertd there
now.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot state the number. I
have recently seen an order sending some com-
panies to the Rio Grande. I think the whole of
the second cavalry should be in Texas. 'Whether
it is or not, I cannot say. Some remarks made
in debate here have induced me to doubt it. Then
there are six companies of the first cavalry sta-«
tioned just above Texas, perhaps in the military
department of Texas, just north of the'Red river.
Mr. WILSON. I have a return here, with a
note of the adjutant general of the Army, show-
irg that there are twenty-four military posts now
in Texas, and two thousand six hundred and
fifty-one men. There have been some ordered
there; but how many I cannot tell.
Mr. HALE. How many of those are mounted'
men ?
Mr. WILSON. I hare not looked to see; but
the description is all down here. I can tell in a
moment.
Mr. DAVIS. If you will read the designation
of the troops, I can tell whether they arc in Texas
or not. I think it likely that the adjutant general
includes in the department of Texas troops sta-
tioned north of the Red river. The departmentof
Texas is adift'erent thing from the State of Texas,
as the Senator from Massachusetts is probably
aware.
Mr. HALE. I understand, then, that there are
at least two thousand six hundred men there; and
the Senator from Mississippi says the second cav-
alry should be there, if I understood him.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not mean " should be," m
the sense of giving any direction as to where they
ought to be; but, from such information as I pos-
sess, I suppose them to be there.
Mr. HALE. That is what I understood, that
from such information as the Senator possesses,
there is now one mounted regiment m Texas,,
consisting, I suppose, of about a thousand men,
and there are sixteen hundred others, besides,
from the statement of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and there are others en rovie for Texas;
and yet, because I offer this amendment, it_is in-
timated that 1 am against affording protection to
Texas. I wish the whole Federal Army was there,
every soldier of it; for there they would find some
