1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3031
was an alternative proposition, and we thought a
very doubtful one. If the persons happened to
be not of the very best moral character, we might
be sure it would work very ill. We therefore very
readily agreed to strike out all that part of the al-
ternative proposition, leaving in it nothing but a
proviso which declared that all acts or parts of
acts m conflict with the former provision of the
amendment should be repealed.
The seventy-eighth amendment is a verbal alter-
ation. The pi ovision in that is said to be under
theChoctawtreaty of 1835:"itshouldbe ''Cher-
okee treaty.'5
We recommend that the Senate roccdc from
their disagreement to the House amendment to the
Senate's ninety-first amendment, with an amend-
ment which we propose. The House amendment
provides " for the payment lo Merritt L. Young
for one hundred and forty thousand rations for
subsistence furnished to emigrating Pottawato-
mies, Chippowas, and Otto a as, in 1832, under a
contiact with the Indian department, as allowed
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, $9,025. "
Wo were satisfied of the entire correctness of this
amount, and that it would have been paid long
ago if funds had been in hand. The amendment
goes on: "and also for the purchase and trans-
portation of presents, and to meet expenses ne-
cessary in holding a council with the Arrapahoe
and Cheyenne Indians south of the Platte, cast of'
the Rocky Mountains, and north of the Arkansas
river, for the extinguishment of their title to lands
fn the region around Pike's Peak, the sum of
§35,000." The committee of conference recom-
mend the Senate to agree to this amendment, with
an amendment which strikes out the words " for
the extinguishment of their title to lands in'the
region around Pike's Peak." These Indians have
no lands around Pike's Peak; the lands there be-
long to no tribe whatever, but arc roamed over by
the nomadic hordes who arc in that region. The
words, therefore, were illusive; and it was pioper
to strike them out. I believe I have now stated
all the points covered by the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is a separate vote
demanded on any part of the report of the com-
mittee of conference?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that we can-
not take a separate vote on the different portions
of the report of the committee of confercncc; that
it is an entirety, and must be concurred in or
rejected entire. That is one reason wiiy I ob-
jected to the hasty proceeding which wau moved
by the Senator from Virginia a shoit time ago;
and now wc have an illustiation, a beautiful one,
right before us, of the way in which most of our
legislation is done. Here comes in the report
of a committee of conference upon ninety-two
amendments; some of which are agreed to by the
House; quite a number the committee recommend
that the Senate shall recede from; quite a number
the committee recommend an alteration of. Now,
, I should llkti to inquire of the Senatois here present
how many of you know what these amendments
are upon which you are going to vote r New pro-
visions are" introduced into the bill, by this com-
mittee of conference, which you never saw; which
you never heard of till they were announced here
by the Senator from Maryland, as chairman of
the committee of conference, a few moments ago.
Now, when we arc to vote, as 1 understand, not
upon separate propositions, but upon an entire
leport of this committee, we shall be told, you
must adopt this report, no matter what it is,'' e\en
without understanding it, " or if you do not, you
lose the whole appropi latton bill; }rou are within
two days uf the adjournment, and you will lose
one of the appiopnauon bills if you do not take
the lepoit as an entirety, without knowing what
you are voting for, or understanding what new
provisions are nitroduced into the bill by the com-
mittee of conference.5' ..Von constat that they |
might not have appropriated $10,000,01)0. It is not ' l
understood: it is impossible that any man should j|
understand it. No man could retain m his inmd, ii
as was well said by the Senator fi'om Rhode \\
Island, the different pro\ isioiis m regaid to ninety ii
odd amendments. \\
I wish, sir, merely to call attention to this mat- i|
tcr to show how the important legislation of the <j
counM v is done. 1 wish the country to know il
that nearly all our legislation now is upon appio- [j
pmtion bills, and that legislation is fixed up by ii
committees of confercncc, and the body ot the il
Senate never know upon what they arc voting.
1 do not know that there is anything wrong in
this report, nor do 1 know that it is right; and
not knowing that it is right, [ shall vote against
concurring in it until there shall bean opportu-
nity to have it printed and laid on our tables, or
some oppoi turity for mc to understand what it is
that I am agreeing to.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the homily
with which the Senator from Illinois has favored
us seems noUo be a complaint of the committee
of conference, or of any part of the result of their
deliberations, but rather against the parliamentary
law and the rules of the Senate. If the Senator
could contrive to furnish us with any better plan
of proceeding; if he could show us something
wiser than anything that has heretofore been de-
vised by the great parliamentarians of the country
from which we are derived, or our own, I should
be very happy to hear it; but I really do not un-
derstand the use of denouncing the rules of the
Senate and of parliamentary law. If the Senator
does not understand this bill, it is nobody's fault
here, I piesume. 1 have made rather a fuller
statement than usual of these amendments, and
the reasons for them. They seem to me to be
plain enough, after spending some two or three
hours over them; and if they arc not plain to
everybody, it is cither because of inattention, or
because the subject itself is so inherently difficult
that a Senator cannot understand them without
making a special study of them for days. That,
of course, wc cannot expect any Senator to do.
I hope the question will be taken upon the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Will the Senate concur in the report of the com-
mittee of conference?
Mr. LANE. I do not wish, Mr. President, to
delay the action of the Senate on the bill for a mo-
ment, but I rise to express my regret that the
House should have seen proper, and that the com-
mittee of confercnce should have agreed to it, to
strike out the small amount—for it was a very
small amount that was appropriated—to aid the
Indians upon the reservations in Oregon in making
a support for themselves. Only four years ago,
hundreds and even thousands of wild Indians were
persuaded to quit hostilities and cease fighting; to
stop their murder of families, and to go upon the
reservations, theie to bo instructed in the art of
agriculture, so that they could aid in making then-
own support. They have progressed well. These
wild tribes, warlike people as any on the face of
the earth, were brought together and placcd on
two reservations adapted to agriculture, and, by
means of a few white laborers to instruct them in
plowing, sowing, reaping, and harvesting crops,
they have done very much towards producing
enough for their own subsistence, and peace has
been maintained. But now, sir, though only a
few thousand doll.us was asked, and only a few
thousand dollars provided by the Senate amend-
ment, for the purpose of continuing such labor as
would be necessary to keep the Indians at work,
and to produce crops that would subsist these
hundreds and even thousands of people, you re-
fuse to give a single cent; you refuse to give one
dime to employ a man theie to instruct them, to
live with them, to teach them how to t ku caie of
their implements, to hitch teams to their plows,
to gather theii crops, and you leave them entirely
without care. Every Senator can perceive, that j
it' this course ofpolicy shall be continued, if means !
necessary to employ labor sufficient to aid them ;
in producing all that is necessary for their sub- :
sjstenco shall be lefused, dnectly they will quit
the restTNciuons, rush to the mountains again, ■
commence stealing, and a wur will follow that
will cost the Government thousands and peihaps
tens of thousands of dollars, besides laying waate
the settlements.
1 only deaite to make this statement that the
SeihiU- may see and know that tins notion of econ-
omy is a bad one, very hm tluf to our coutitiy,
and'will result in much injury; and the&e Indians
will again have to be collected and brought upon j
the reservations at heavy expense. It is true, as :
the Senator says, that theie were no tieaiy stip- j
uiutions made with these people; nothing 1'urthur !
than ail agreeni' nt between them ami the com- j
nnunler ot the ibices. theie, n'gular ofliceix, that ;
they should quit lighting, make peace, and go j
upon lebeivations. They received no consideja- j
uon fur their land; wedidnot*iurchase their land. I
There are no annuities due them—not a dollar.
They are not provided for by treaty stipulations,
as other tribes have been; they arc no expense to
the Government; and we ask nothing but a few
thousand dollars to aid them in making a support
for themselves, in instructing them in agriculture.
1 rose merely to express my deep regret that this
small amount should be refused for so proper an
object.
Mr. PEARCE. I must say, in justice to the
committee, that they took extraordinary pains on
the subject of these two amendments which are
the theme of the Senator's remarks. We found
more difficulty in obtaining concurrence on the
part of the House committee to these amend-
ments, than any others contained in the bill. We
adjourned without settling them at three o'clock,
or half past three o'clock; sent for the Delegate
from Washington Territory, and also for the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs; had them both
before the committee, invited all manner of ex-
planations, and they failed to give any informa-
tion specific enough to induce the conferees on
the part of the House to manifest the least inclina-
tion of yielding. We found that wc must yield
it, or report thatwc could not agree; and wc really
thought that, in the absence of specific information,
wc did but that which is right.
Mr. LANE. I will only say that, if the Sen-
ator had had the kindness to send for me, I think
I should have satisfied him and the committee that
this small appropriation was absolutely necessary
for the subsistence of the Indians, who have been
collected and placed upon reservations and who
never received a dollar for their land and are en-
titled to no annuities. I regret that I had not an
opportunity of pointing out ..to the committee
these facts. I could have turned them to the es-
timates of the Commissioner on Indian Affairs,
and to the reports of the agents in charge, to show
the importance of the appropriation. 1 think it
would have been better for the country to have
refused very many thousand dollars that the bill
now provides for carrying out treaty stipulations,
and have given this small pittance for the purpose
I have mentioned; it would have been very much
better for the country, because this will result in
trouble. It is unfortunate for Oregon, unfortu-
nate for the Indians, and may result m a war, as
I said, that will be unfortunate for the Govern-
ment m the expense it will in all probability in-
cur in putting down Indian troubles again in that
State.
Mr. PEARCE. There was one other amend-
ment which the committee of conference have
amended, of which I omitted to speak when ex-
plaining the leport, and I desire to do so now,
that the Senator from Oregon may understand it.
There was a provision in the bill as it went from the
Senate, for paying $9,000 to certain settlers on the
Puget Sound reservation, which, in consequence
of the territory in that neighborhood being taken
ji for an Indian reservation, they had to give up.
j The committee amended that by providing for
|j the payment of their claim to improvements only,
j: They found that, in the act of 1850, which gave
donations to the settlers in Oregon, there was a
provision that if the necessities of the Govern-
ment should require these lands to be taken as
reservations for public uses, the improvements
should be valued, and the parties paid accordingly.
The amendment recommended by the committee
of con femiee changes the amendment of the Senate
in that particular. It provides for payment for
their improvements, and not for the lands.
Mr.TRUMBULL. As theSenatos from Mary-
land shelters hmiaclf behind parliamentary law,
as a reason for legislating in this blind way, I
wish to say one word in icply to that proposition;
and I should like to know where he finds the par-
liamentary lawthm requires instantaneous action
on the part of a committee of conference. Why
should not this report, introducing new legisla-
tion, be printed, laid upon our tables, and laid
over, the same as a bill? We do notallow a bill
to be introduced here, read three times upon its
introduction, and pa&sed into a law without giving
an opportunity to have it seen and examined.
At least, it must be a very cxtiaordinary case
where such a piactic" as that is toleiated.
Now, there is no occasion for taking the vote
on this report of the committee of conference. It
may well be postponed and. printed, and i think
it ought to he. I know of no parliamentary law
