-2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. GROW. I have one word to say on the
question of these roads, for they have always
given rise to discussion in the House. Gentle-
men do not seem to appreciate fully the necessity
of roads for these Territories. Remember that
to-day you have more than a million of square
miles in theTerritories, most of itan uninhabited
wilderness. You arc forced to send troops through
that wilderness to reach the Pacific coast, where
you have got organized States and great settle-
ments. Now everybody knows the cost of trans-
portation to depend not so much on the distance
as on the facilities for transportation, and the
building of these roads in the Territories gener-
ally saves the Government more than their cost,
in the matter of military transportation, while
they are also doing good to the people who go
there to open the wilderness.
But the chief and primary object of appropriat-
ing money for these purposes is to save expense
to the Government by furnishing easy roads for
the transportation of munitions of war, bridging
streams, and fillingup sloughs. Remember that
your military department to-day extends over this
million of square miles of territory—as large as
the whole empire was in the days of the Revolu-
tion. Here you have get an uninhabited wilder-
ness, exceeding that of the thirteen colonies, and
you are only asked to appropriate £110,800 to
make roads there for the transportation of your
troops, and to allow emigrants to pass over them.
Gentlemen think that is a wasteful appropriation
of money; but I think it is better, a great deal,
than two thirds of those we make.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to say a word to the
committee in favor of this bill. I am very sorry
indeed to see the opposition that has been urged
against it. If there ts any one proposition before
Congress which is of importance to the people of
the Pacific coast, it is that involved in this bill.
Perhaps there are many members of the commit-
tee not acquainted with the fact that it is but five
hundred and fifty miles between the navigable
waters of the Columbia and Missouri rivers.
Steamboats have ^ono on this side up the Mis-
souri river to within five hundred and fifty miles
of steamboats on the other side, on the Columbia
river. What we desire is that a military road
should be opened, communicating with the navi-
gable waters of the Missouri and the Columbia.
I ask gentlemen of this committee what means
they expect to afford us as a matter of defense in
case we are involved in difficulties with a foreign
foe? We have had no aid or defense against even
the hostilities of the Indians; and if ever we are
involved in difficulties with Great Britain or any
other nation, it must certainly be absolutely ne-
cessary that we should have some means of trans-
portation overland for troops and military stores,
because we are at peace to-(iay with other nations;
because we do not at this time absolutely require
this road, is no argument against its being built.
I say that, as wise legislators, we ought to pro-
vide for the future-, we ought to have future con-
tingencies in view. We have at this time a diffi-
culty with Great Britain; and we know not yet
what this difficulty may lend to. I ask the gen-
tlcman from North Carolina how lie expects that
he and those whom he represents shall assist in
dftfcnding us against Ijritish aggressions m case
we have war, (for 1 suppose they are willing to do
it,) except lie assists us now in establishing* our
communications, so that he can get through and
aid us ii} our defenses?
Mr. BRANCH. I will reply to the question
of my honorable friend from Oregon with a very
great deal of pleasure. I say this to him: that I
think that long befote we are at war with Great
Britain the people of Oregon will be amply able
to defend themselves: or at least, they will be able
to defend themselves with the aid of their brothers
on the Pacific coast. And f say more than that:
that if their defense was to depend upon troops
transported to the head waters of the Missouri
river, then transported five hundred miles across
the Rocky Mountains, and then transported to
the waters of the Columbia river, before tins aid
could reach them, I say,.the enemy would have
disappeared before the hardy gallantry of Oregon.
I do not believe they weutd need much assistance
from us.
Mr. STOUT. I am aware of the fact that it
auwins u  be the opinion of many that we are am-
ply able to take care of and defend ourselves, and
we have been left to do it. I trust and hope that
we of the Pacific coast will never be so situated
that we cannot do it; for if the time ever does
come that we cannot of our own strength and
ability defend ourselves, I apprehend, from what
has been hitherto done, we shall have but very
poor defense from any other quarter—less will-
ingness to give us proper protection than we had
a right to expect. But, I say that in the Slate of
Oregon, the Territory of Washington, we have
never had one half the aid and benefit in the con-
struction of roads that you have given to other
new States and Territories. We have never had
any land appropriated to the construction of rail-
roads, and we have never asked for any. But
we do ask now that the Government shall, for her
own interest, and for her own protection, open
this highway and military road.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chairman, something of
what I intended to say has been anticipated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
in reference to the diminution of the expenses in
moving troops in our Territories. The argument
is very cogent, and, 1 think, ought to bo conclu-
sive as far as it goes. I cannot agree with my
friend from North Carolina, in considering these
roads as mere local roads, for the benefit of the
Territories alone. I think they arc for the benefit
of the whole country, for the reason that we are
bound to preserve the peace, and bound to pro-
tect the settlers in these new Territories against the
aggression of hostile tribes. It is very true, sir,
that every road that you make there, although it
may be a commercial road, and although it may
be ultimately for the benefit of those who inhabit
the Territories, yet it must needs be a military
road. If you can combine the advantages of mak-
ing a commercial or social road—if I may use the
term—with that of military purposes, so much
the better. You then accomplish two purposes.
We all know that the most potent means of war-
fare consists m the facility of the transportation or
removal of troops, whether in old civiiizcd coun-
tries or in your own countiy, where you have to
move against the savage tribes through roads
unknown and unsurvef*ed.
How are you to follow thorn? You must carry
with you the munitions of war. You must carry,
even m operating against the Indian tribes, cer-
tain species of artillery. You must carry the
means of subsisting your troops. You cannot do
that without roads.
Why, even within the last year,you yourself,
sir, know that one of the most potent instruments
that decided the fate of Italy was the railroad, by
means of which lateral movements were made that
would have been impracticable, under other cir-
cumstances, in the face of an enemy. All the world
understands this matter; and especially where
you arc operating, in a wild and savage coun-
try, you must have the means of communication.
I cannot agree with my friend from North Caro-
lina in his definition ot military roads. All roads
opened with direct reference to these operations
arc military roads. When the rebellion in Scot-
land, in 1745, was putdown, what did the British
Government do? They immediately afterwards
oponed roads—the most splendid turnpike roads
ever seen—through the Highlands,and effectually
put down and civilized the barbarous tribes of that
country; and one of the poets, in eulogizing the
operations-of the Duke of Cumberland, said:
"If you had seen the roads
Before tliev we're made,
You'd have held up jour hands
And blessed General Wade."
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to make one remark,
by way of explanation. I hope it will not be sup-
posed that I deny the right or the propriety of the
Government building what are properly military
roads. But I do not see the propriety of making
an appropriation to construct commercial roads,
under the pretense of constructingmihtary roads,
and of placing the expenditure of the money for
thv construction of such roads, not in the hands of
the military authorities of the War Department,
to be superintended by the officers who are to use
the roads, and know where they arc needed, but
in the hands of the Departmcntof the Interior.
Mr. STOUT. This money is to be expended
by the War Department; and that Department
now has officers on the ground, who have partly
constructed this road.
Mr. BRANCH. Then this bill differs in that
respect from most of the bills of this character
which I have seen.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is now four o'clock,
and I move that the committee rise.
Mr. GROW. There are only three or four
more bills on the territorial Calendar.
Mr. CRAWFORD. How much longer will it
take to dispose of them?
Mr. GROW. It ought not to take more than
half an hour.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
LEGISLATIVE EXPENSES OF MINNESOTA.
The next bill upon the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 703) making appropriations for the
expenses of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota.
The bill provides that $26,000, or so much
t hereof as has not been heretofore paid, appropri-
ated by the act of August, 1856, for the payment
of the expenses of the Legislative Assembly of
Minnesota, be appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
paid to the State of Minnesota.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask that that bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire why the
necessity for this appropriation ? Why have not
the expenses of the Legislative Assembly been
heretofore paid out of the appropriation ?
Mr GOOCH. This sum was appropriated for
the payment of the expenses of the Territorial
Legislature; but, as 1 understand it, in passing
from a territorial to a State condition, they never
have received the money from the Treasury; and
the objection was made, when application was
made for it at the Treasury, that they could not
pay it to the State officers. This money was
expended—all of it, and a larger sum—in the ex-
penses of the Legislature; ana the State only asks
to be reimbursed to the extent of the actual ap-
propriation.
Mr. GROW. There is another point in the
case. The State Legislature, elected after they
framed their constitution in Minnesota, met in-
stead of the Territorial Legislature, and answered
the purpose of a Territorial Legislature, before
ever they came in as a State, Now, they claim
to be paid just the same as if they had gone on
and elected a Territorial Legislature. The terri-
torial Governor acted all the time, and there is
only one Legislature to be paid.
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose the facts to be as I
have now ascertained them to be. This, then, is, in
other words, a proposition to pay the expenses of
the State Legislature. This Legislature was elected
under the constitution t f the State of Minnesota,
assembled in pursuance of the provisions of that
constitution, and legislated under it. Its enact-
ments are in the name of the State of Minnesota,
and not of the Territory of Minnesota. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts if that is not the
fact ?
Mr. GROW. They were signed by the terri-
torial Governor; and if they have any force, it is
derived from the signature of the territorial Gov-
ernor.
Mr. GOOCH. The Legislature of 1857-58 was
a State Legislature. The Assembly was elected
under the State constitution. But they legislated
for the Territory. It was not a State. The laws
were acecpted by the people of the Territory,
and received the sanction of the executive of the
Territory, holding his office, of course, under the
organic iaw of the Territory.
Mr. PHELPS. Were they approved by Gov-
ernor Medary, or by Governor Sibley ?
Mr. GOOCH. They were approved by the
territorial Governor, and enforced by the territo-
rial judges.
Mr. BRANCH. Did the Governor and the
judges act as territorial officers, or did they act
under the State constitution? In other words,
were they acting under a provision of the consti-
tution of the State, which said that they might go
on and exercise their respective powers until
others were elected in their places?
Mr. GOOCH. There was no such provision,
I am informed by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Windqm,] in the constitution. It produced
