8032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
that requires that we should act upon it at once.
But, sir, I do not wish to delay the body, nor to
attempt to read homilies to the Senate, as the Sen-
ator from Maryland says. I think there is not
such a practice as that in any deliberative body
on earth. It prevails nowhere else that ever I
heard of; and there is no parliamentary law that
I have ever heard of, or have any knowledge of,
that requires the report of a committee of con-
ference to be adopted without the members know-
ing what is in it, or having an opportunity to read
and understand it. Now, the Senator calls for
immediate action, as I understand, and I suppose
it is useless to resist it.
Mr. PEAPx.CE. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. I have sheltered myself under no parlia-
mentary law. I have simply expressed aston-
ishment that, at this stage of the session, and at
this hour of the night, the Senator should deliver
a lecture which is, la fact, not upon the action of
the committee, or of the Senate, or of the House,
but a sort of arraignment of our law of parliament-
ary proceeding. That is all, sir. I do not claim
any right to force the instantaneous determination
of this matter. I have just th&same right to move
that the Senate accept the report of the commit-
tee that the Senator has to move that it lie over;
and he may make that motion, and propose to
defer it to the Greek calends, for all 1 caie; nor
would I care a rush if all the members of the Sen-
ate should vote for his proposition, i presume
they will not do it. I presume it wil! hardly be
thought by any Senator that we aught to post-
pone this bill when we have but one day more of
the session of Congress remaining. The Senate
can do as they please, i assume no right. I pre-
sume no member has a right to demand an instan-
taneous settlement of it.
Mr. LANE. I thought, when I rose to present
the great wrong done the Indians ofOregon on the
reservations to which I alluded, that I would not
say much upon the subject, or oppose concurring
with the action uf the committee-, but I am so
well satisfied that much evil will grow out of re-
fusing the money necessary to enable tho Indians
to subsist themselves, small amount as it is, that
I think, so far as wc are concerned, wo had better
lose the bill; for that is the only money for the
State of Oregon in the management of her Indian
affairs. The treaties with me Indians who are
provided for by the bill belong to Washington
Territory. We have treaties with only a por-
tion of the Indians in Oregon. We purchased
none of the land of many of tho tribes west of the
mountains. Wo owe them nothing for their lands.
We took them. Their lands were taken from
them, and they were put upon reservations, and
there instructed in labor, in the cultivation of the
soil, in producing subsistence; and now it is pro-
posed to withhold from them the small amount
of money nccessary to employ white men to aid
them in raising subsistence. We turn loose thou-
sands of these people poor, that have no an-
nuity, nothing due them from the Government,
to pillage upon the settlers, or to bring about war
again; to murder our people and involve us in
trouble. Should all this be done, and thisjusUee
refused these people, for the sake of saving a few
thousand dollars? Should we, for so small a con-
sideration, be subject to such serious trouble; our
families tomahawked and massacred, as many
have heretofore been? I move that the Senate
refuse to concur in this report of the committee
of conference, and that another committee be ap-
pointed.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. An cquivalentmo-
tron has just been made that the Senate concur.
If that is voted down, that will be equivalent to
the motion of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. LANE. I hope it will be voted down.
We ought to have this very small amount of ap-
propriation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
concur in the report of the committee of confer-
ence r
The report was concurred in.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr, GWIN. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 84) to facilitate communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph,
in order that the question may be taken upon the
amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to
For the bill, as originally passed by the Senate,
the House sent over an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, providing for making a contract
with the lowest responsiole bidder. The Senate
amended the House amendment by striking out,
in page 1, line-ten, the words, "advertise for
sealed proposals to be received for sixty days
after the passage of this act," and inserting, " to
contract with ZenasBarnum, Thomas R. Walker,
John H. Berryhiil, Hiram Sibley, Norvin Green,
John D. Caton, Fredenok A. Bd|, Charles S.
Stebbins, and James S. Graham, or their assigns,-
or a majority of said contractors or assigns;" and
in line thirteen, after the word " which," insert-
ing "contract;" and in page 2, striking out, m
lines four and five, "and shall award the contract
to the lowest responsible bidder or bidders;" and
also, in line five, to strike out the word "proffer,"
and insert " contract."
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate recede
from its amendments to the House amendment,
and adopt the proposition as it came to the Senate
from the House.
Mr. WILSON. I shall acquiesce in the motion
of the Senator from California, because I believe
itisimportantto establish atelegraphichne across
the continent. I believe, however, that the House
has made a mistake in this matter, and instead of
guarding against monopoly, wc arc more likely
to have it under the amend ment they have adopted;
but as they have deliberately expressed their
opinion, and I believe the measure is one of great
impoitance to the whole country, I shall support
the motion made by the Senator from California,
so as to insure the passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded "that the Senate recede fiom us amend-
ments to the House amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIE TARIFF.
Mr. SLIDELL. I present a resolution, and
ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That a select committee of thr«c members be
appointed by Hie Vice President, whose duty it aliall be to
consider the propriety of modi!) itig the existing luvva fixing
atul regul.iting the duties on nnpoits, upon the has*is of tbe
bill oi the llou^e of Uepic^entativos ot the present session,
(No. ;W8.) to pi ovule loi the payment ot outstanding Treas-
uiy notes, to uutliouzc a loan, to lix the duties on imports,
mid lot other piiipo.->es ; and repoit sauch modifications aa
they may deem proper to the Senate on the second Mon-
day m December next.
Mr. CAMERON and others. That had better
lie ovei until to-moirow.
Mr. SLIDELL. I a*k Senators to permit mc
to call it up at half past eleven o 'clock to-morrow.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that there is a special older for to-morrow
at half past eleven.
Mr. GREEN. I object to making any special
oiders.
Mr. PUGH. 1 ask 
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall want to move an
amendment to the resolution of the Senator from
Louisiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. PUG II. 1 move to take up House bill
No. 150. It is a puvate bill to grant a pe-nsion,
to which 1 imagine there will be no objection.
Mr. SLIDELL. If I still have the floor, I ask
that the resolution I have offered shall be made
the special order for some hour to-morrow.
Mr. GREEN. It is not up for consideration.
Objection being made, it goes over, as a matter
of course, and you cannot make a special order
of it until you have it up for consociation.
Mr. SL(DELL. That, I presume, is a question
within the power of the Senate at any time. I do not
know whether it is the disposition of gentlemen on
the other side of the House to consider this resolu-
tion before the adjournment of the Senate. 1 will
only state tluui have offeieditm perfectgood faith.
If time could have permitted, 1 should have d-e-
sired to «ee tlus whole tariff question discussed
deliberately. 1 will say further, that so far as re-
gards the question of specific duties, I do not at
all esteem it a matter of principle. If a tariff hill
can be adjusted upon the basis of specifics and ad
valorems, that will be fairly a revenue tariff and
will not conceal the protective system, 1 am per-
fectly willing to give it my support. 1 have
offered this lesoluuon in perfect good faith, not
with a view of evading this question, or modify-
ing any influence that may have been produced
by the action of the majority of the Senate to-day;
but if the gentlemen on the other side of the
House do not choose to consider it, or to grant
this committee, I think we shall have discharged
our duty to the country.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to make the resolution
offered by the Senator from Louisiana the special
order for to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PUGH. I made a motion to take up a
bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us dispose of the ques-
tion whether my resolution shall be made a spe-
cial order.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection myself, but
objection has been made; and therefore it can-
not be considered now.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to its
being made a special order.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its being consid-
ered to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution cannot be considered, even
for the purpose of being made a special order,
MARTIIA SANDERSON.
Mr. PUGH. My motion is to take up House
bill No. 329.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 129) granting a pension to Martha Sander-
son, widow of Major Winslow F. Sanderson,
was considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides for placing the name of Martha San-
derson on the invalid pension rolls of the United
States, at the rate of thirty-five dollars per month,
to commence on the 1st day of January, 1860,
and to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHANGE OF NAME OF A VESSEL.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is upon the table a little
bill changing the name of a vessel. It was referred
to the Committee on Commerce; but it is a matter
which is of no earthly importance to the public
interest; and I ask the Senate to take it up and
put it on its passage. ["Agreed."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Committee on Commerce will be dis-
charged from the further consideration of tho bill
(VI. It. No. 838) to change the name of the ship
Rockhali to Massachusetts, and it is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the American ship Rockhali,
of Boston, purchased by the State of Massachu-
setts for service as a school ship, shail be changed
to Massachusetts.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 8th instant, calling for copies of all bids
for and of contracts entered into for fitting up the
saloons of the east and west wings of the Patent
Office with model cases and galleries; which was
ordered to he on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill (H.
II. No. 2(>7) for the relief of Mi s. A. W. An«us,
widow of the late Captain Samuel Ang1, , United
Stales Navy, reported it without amendment; and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
citizens of Fort Smith, Arkansas, in reference to
the policy of reopening the African slave trade,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referi^-d the memorial of J. Alexis Port,
praying indemnity for losses sustained by being
forcibly dispossessed of certain tobacco pur-
chased by him at a sale by an officer of the United
States Army, at Pueblo, in Mexico, during the
late war, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Augusta,
Georgia, in relation to the payment of duties at
