THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
eluding, us, from the Territories of, the United
Sf#;s,4iid thereby indirectly accomplish what
yqt}r radical Abolitionist would dp directly and
ujJjfi^guisedJy;. ' 1 '
Now, .the South is told, " we will not rcs'pect
ypur constitutional rights; we intend to violate
them; we intend, whenever a slave escapes from
your limits; to scsurc him his liberty; we will
encourage non-action on the part of our Legisla-
tures to suppress any forays within your limits,'
o£, thieves,' robbers, and murderers; wo will en-
courage acts of nullification of the Federal fugitive
slave*law; we will not give yo.u protection upon
the high seas, in the Territories, in the District of
Columbia, anywhere within exclusive Federal
jurisdiction; we sentence you to outlawry if you
go beyond the limits of your own Statgp; we con-
demn you to perpetual quarantine there; we re-
gard you as lepers whose touch is pollution and
whose embrace is death; we regard you as crim-
inals whom we should abhor and condemn;"and
then we are asked, " Why should the South com-
plain of us; why should she reproach us with hos-
tile designs against her institutions; why should
she threaten secession in the event of the election
of a Republican President?" Is it not manifest
to all, who are not willfully blind, or entirely in-
sensible to all the duties of a man who knows his
rights, and, knowing, dare maintain, that they
mock us with that question ? Do you suppose
that we intend to bow our necks to the yoke;
that wc intend to submit !o the domination of our
enemies; that we intend to sit here 111 your pres-
ence as hostages for the good behavior of our con-
quered people—a people who will bo under your
administration, not as sovereigns to rule, but as
subjects to be governed? Surely, you must en-
tertain a more contemptuous opinion of us than
you-havc even expressed in this platform, if you
tUinlt we can over submit to that last degradation.
There are men, I rejoice to say, within your own
limits, not only of the Democratic party of the
North, but of the old Wlug party, who appreci-
ate pur rights, who esteem our virtues, who re-
spect our honor, more than you profess to do.
Millard Fillmore was one, and he spoke, I trust,
the sentiment of the freemen of the South when
he said that we would never submit to he governed
by a Republican President, elected by a sectional
majority. Said he, in his Albany speech, in
1856:
"Can it he possible that those wlio arc engaged m such
a measure can have seriously reflected upon the oonso-
qucneos which must inevitably follow in case of success ? I
Can tliey have the madness or tile folly to believe that 0111
southern brethren would submit to be governed by such a
ChiefMagistiate?"
I rise here, to indulge in no menace. We have
been menaced, during this Congress and often
before, by members of your party, with the halter
and the hangman, if we dare resist your author-
ity and refuse to submit to subjugation. I know
that those who are foremost to threaten an- gen-
erally hindmost to execute. I"never have uttered,
and never will utter,any menace. I make, nopre-
dictions, no promise for my State; but, in eon-
c.lusion, will only say, that if she is faithful to
the pledges she has made and principles she ha«
professed; if she is true to her own interest and
her own honor; if she is not recreant to all that
State pride, integrity, and duty demands, she will
never submit to your authority. I will add, that
unices she, and all the southern States of this
Union, with, perhaps, but two, or at most, three
exceptions, are not faithless to the pledges they
have given, they will never submit to the govern-
ment of a President professing your political faith
end elected by your sectional majority. You re-
member that, after the adoption of the compromise
measures, in 18.50, Georgia led the van m declar-
ing that, upon the happening of either of certain
events, she woukl disrupt the tics that bind lier'
to the Union. Those contingencies were the re-
fusal to admit a State into this Union because it
was slaveholding, or recognized the right to hold
slaves; any repeal or modification of the fugitive
slave law; any attempt to abolish the inter-State
slave trade; any prohibition of slavery in the Ter-
ritories of the United States, or the abolition of
slavery m this District, or any place subject to
the jurisdiction of Congress. Every southern
State but two. or at most three, by the unanimous
resolve of their Legislatures, the unanimous re-
solve of State conventions, both Democratic and
Whig, and, latterly, American, have pledged
■ I themselves to maintain those resolutions, and to
j dissolve this Union, if they possess the power,
' upon the happening of either of these contingen-
cies.
Now, I submit whether.therewouldnotbemuch
stronger cause, on the part of the southern peo-
ple, for separation, upon theelection of a President
of a party pledged by their platform to carry out
all these measures. A bare majority of Congress
might not faithfully express the will of the people.
It might be said, m deprecation of any extreme
action on the part of the South or of any of the south-
ern States, "Wait; let us appeal from the servants
to theirmasters—fromCongress to the people ofthe
North—and see whether they approve of this un-
just and iniquitous legislation." But, when the
people themselves, at. the ballot-box, deliberately
avow a purpose, on the part of tlie North, to ex-
clude us from ail the Territories of the United
States, by abolishing slavery therein or prohib-
iting it therein; to refuse to keep that bond of
the Federal Constitution which pledges you to re-
turn the slave upon demand of his master; to abol-
ish slavery within the District of Columbia, and
wherever the Federal flag floats, I ask you whether
wo would not be cither insensible of our rights or
indifferent to their maintenance, or unworthy of
them, if we quietly and peaceably submitted to
the inauguration of your President?
Mr. President, I forbear to say more. I trust
now that the country, or at least that section of
it from which I come, will be fairly forewarned
of the fact that the Republican party is hostile in
principle and sentiment to slaveholders and slave-
holding; and that they are pledged, by their plat-
forms and their legislative acts, in most of the
northern States, to wai upon the South, by en-
couraging the destruction of our property in slaves,
by forcing on us emancipation of them; by abol-
ishing slavery wherever Federal prevails over
State jurisdiction—in Territories, this District,
arsenals, navy-yards, dockyards, and the high
seas. I trust, sir, that the constituency whom I
have the honor to represent, being thus fore-
warned, will prove themselves forearmed when-,
ever the time of trial which is threatened shall
arrive.
Mr. G W1N. Mr. President, it was not my
purpose to address the Senate on this question at
till, but the speech of the Senator from Alabama
strikes me as a warning, sueh as has never been
given in the Senate of the United States before.
1 believe that that Senator has expressed the opin-
ion of a vast majority of the people of tho slave-
holding States of this Confederacy. 1 believe he
has stated here to-day what will inevitably be the
action of those States in the event of the election
of a Republican candidate to the office of Presi-
dent of the United States. Entertaining this opin-
ion, I should he faithless to the trust that.has lieen
reposed m me as a representative of one of the
sovereign Slates of the Confederation, whose peo-
ple are unanimously in favor of this Union and its
preservation, if I did not add my voice of warning
at this particular juncture, which is fraught, in my
judgment, with extreme peril.
Mr. President, there is a great mistake existing
in tho non-slaveholding States of the Confederacy
in regard to the public sentiment of the South.
They seem to entertain the delusion that there is
no serious idea in the southern States to aeparate
from the non-slaveholding States in the event of
the election of a Republican candidate for the
Presidency. I,believe, not only that sueh is the
sentiment and determination of a vast majority
of tho inhabitants of the slaveholding States now,
but that it will be nearly a unanimous sentiment
in the event of such an election, and that it will
then be carried into practice. It is a matter of
great importance at this period, especially when
this subject js being discussed with the gravity
with which it has been discussed since the Senate
opened its present session, that the inhabitants of
the non-slaveholding States should no longer labor
under the delusion that tho South will not act. I
am inclined to think that the people in the North
generally do not imagine that the South will take
the step which has been predicted, and which it
lias been averred by the Senator from Alabama
will be taken. One of the reasons which has in-
duced the citizens of the non-slaveholding States
to believe that the South would not carry out this
determination is, that, in their opinion, it is im-
practicable. I think that is a great mistake. I
believe that tho slaveholding States of this Con-
federacy .can establish a separate and independent
government that will be impregnable to the as-
saults. of all foreign enemies. They have the
elements, of power within their own- boundaries,
and the elements of strength in those very insti-
tutions which are supposed in the North to be
their weakness. It seems that the geography of
the country hos not been looked to and examined
The local strength of tho geographical position of
the southern States has n3t been looked at by
those who think it is impossible for them to es-
tablish and maintain a southern confederacy. I
have had the curiosity to examine as to the extent
of sea-board of the Atlantic States, and the mode
in which it is divided, and I find, by looking at
the Coast Survey, that the shore line of the north-
ern States is only nine thousand three hundred
and thirty-four miles, while that of the southern
States is twenty-three thousand eight hundred and
three miles. To show how this is distributed be-
tween the several States, let me present the fol-
lowing table;
Table shotting the shore line of States on the Atlantic and
Gulf of Mexico.
Status.
Shore line of coast
washed by sea. J
% «T
o > 
^ n
&
o
O
* o
53 " WJ
: Shore line of rivers
to the head of tide.
Rca coa&t and shores
of bays, sounds, &c.
5JT30
® § -
"S So
i-s
S ETS
§ C?
Maine 
427
1.599
427
2,026
2,453
New Hampshire,.
13
37
24
50
74
Massachusetts ....
209
865
832
1,074
1,906
55
153
232
208
440
14-
239
1,074
253
1,327
New York 
114
886
1,057
1,000
2,057
New Jersey 
118
702
151
820
971
-
106
106
29
136
506
165
671
M .inland 
44
1,008
3,401
1,052
4,453
148
735
1,690
883
2,573
North Carolina....
299
1,549
932
1,848
2,780
Houth Caiolma...
192
356
708
548
1,256
76
410
408
486
054
Florida 
1.020
3,005
8G0
4,025
4.885
33
•284
3J3
317
630
iMi-iMsMppi 
42
LOO
137
248
385
Louisiana 
616
1.5^5
2,211
3,147
353
J ,2S4
432
1,637
2,069
The southern States have a sea-coast fitted for
a commerce that tliey have not heretofore indulged
in, because they could more profitably employ
their capital ill cultivating the soil. They have a
vast sea-coast indented with fine harbors, and
those harbors are so fortified, that if they take
possession of them in advance, they can defend
themselves against any enemy who may attack
them.
Besides,^Mr. President, it is not only practica-
ble, but it is safe for them to do this. One ofthe
grave charges made against the North by the Sen-
ator from Alabama, is that for twenty-five years
there has been a constant system of aggression on
the property of the slaveh olding States, by encour-
aging ilic running away of their slaves and throw-
ing obstructions m the way of their restitution,
when not a solitary instance is brought forward
to show that any portion of the people of the
non-slaveholding States of this Confederacy ever
attempted to give encouragement t^> the running
away of slaves from foreign territory. We never
hear of any encouragement to slaves to run away
from Cuba or Biazil, although our ships are con-
stantly m their harbors. The people of the slave-
holding States believe that if they were a foreign
government, that if they occupied tlie same rela-
tion to the non-slaveholding States of the Atlantic
sea-board that Spain and Brazil do, the spirit of
fanaticism that encourages their slaves to leave
their masters and protects them when they get
in the free States, would cease to exist. For this
reason it is considered that there is safety in a sep-
arate Government, so far as the possession of their
property is concerned.
There is another mistake in the North, and es-
pecially on the part of tho dominant party of the
North, at this time, in regard to the institutions of
the South. There is a belief, probably not among
the leaders of the party, but certainly among the
great masses of the party, that there is a conflict
betweeh tho slave and his master; that the slave
