1859.
THE €0FG-RESSI02ntATj GL0B&
m
hates his master, and is kept in slavery only by
pojver and byfuar. X undertake to say that that
is a mistake; that the slaves of thy South love
their masters; that there is an alTection existing
in the slave population towards their masters that
is entirely unknpwn and unappreciated in the free
Status. 'Look at the recent event at Harper's
Ferry, where the slaves,were ready to fight for
their masters, and the moment they could, they
escaped from their captors and ran back to their
masters* houses for protection. That sentiment 1
believe to be universal among the slaves. There
is a delusion in the minds of those who regard
slavery as an oppression to the negro race, and
hence the fatal steps that arc being taken now to
alienate one section of the Confederacy from the
other. Not only do they not seek freedom, but
it is a curse to them when they get it. Look at the
free negroes, not only in our own country, but in
the West Indies, as compared with the slaves of
the southern States of this Union. I do not be-
lieve the negro race have ever been so happy, or
have enjoyed so many privileges, or have so nearly
approached civilization, at any period from the
beginning of the world to the present time, as they
do in the slaveholdhig States of this Confederacy,
in a state of slavery. It is a radical mistake for
the people of the North to believe, as many of
them do believe, that there is any likelihood of a
conflict in the southern States, m the event of a
separation, between the slave and his master.
The masters would give their homes to their
slaves for protection, and they, with the young
men who are not capable of bearing arms, and the
old men, would defend those homes, while the
mass of the population would resist any attempt
to infringe their rights if they established a
southern confederacy, and protect this very in-
stitution. I say those slaves who could be in-
trusted with arms, with the old men and the
boys, would protect their homes and cultivate
their fields, while the men in the prime of life
were fighting their enemy, if any enemy should
present himself, which, I believe, will never be
the case.
While this debate, on the other side of the
Chamber, lias been conducted somewhat guard-
edly, there have been sentiments uttered which
are well calculated to arouse indignation, and to
stir the flame that is now raging m the country.
You hear it said here that in the event of the elec-
tion of a Republican candidate for the Presidency,
if there js any resistance, they will hang those
who resist. Now, who are they going to hang?
One of the Senators indicated very plainly that he
intended to hang the Governors of States. How
is he going to get at them? By invasion? Is it
not an indication to the southern States of the
Confederacy that they will be invaded, and that
their Governors are to be taken and executed ?
Is it not a notice to the representatives of those
fifteen States here, that if they dare to avow these
opinions, they are to be executed too? Is that
the spirit that ought to be indulged, or are those
the words that ought tj> be used here, if you wish
to prescivc this Confederacy? Is it notaspecies
of degradation to hold out to Senators represent-
ing fifteen slaveholdmg States, that in the event of
their resisting, or any portion of their population
resisting the inauguration and government of a
Republican President, they are to be put to death
as traitors ? Is not that the very reason why they
will now prepare to put themselves m such a po-
sition that this threat cannot be executed by a
Republican President, by preparing for the sep-
aiation of this Government, and putting them-
selves in such a position that they can resist? It
is inviting a dissolution of the Union; and it will
result 111 that, if this tone of remark is to be in-
dulged in here and elsewhere.
There is another reason why the southern States
should prepare, at this time, for this very event.
Look at the recent elections mthenon-slavehold-
ing States. The Republican party has triumphed
in, almost every State—I may say every State on
the Atlantic border, not 011 the Pacific border; and
notwithstanding thc-Union meetings that we have
heard so much of, and they are very creditable to
the parties who arc engaged in tliem, I cannot see
in them anything but the expression of the opin-
ion of the minority of those States. I cannot
see, so far as my observation extends, that there
has been any change in the public sentiment of ]
the majority in those States where these meetings '
have been held. I notice, this morning, that in
Boston, where a great Union meeting was held,
last week, the Republicans have succeeded, by a
large majority, in electing their mayor. I do not
see any giving way in the majority that rules those
States, in consequence of these Union meetings,
of which we have heard a good deal, and winch
are very creditable to those engaged in them.
Then why should not the South be forewarned by
these elections to prepare for the result? for, as the
Senator from Alabama has said, there are a num-
ber of the southern States which arc so pledged
to resist any aggression on their rights, such, as
would be the election of a Republican President,
that they wiil be disgraced and dishonored if they
do not cany out their resolves. They are not the
resolutions of bodies of men assembled in public
meetings; they are the resolutions of the £egis-
latures of sovereign States.
Now, Mr. President, I undertake to say that the
southern States must look this question in the face,
as it has been presented by tho Senator from Al-
abama, to-day; because the organization of the
Republican party, in my judgment, looks to the
conquestoftneSouth. It is a sectional party. Are
there any Republicans in fifteen States of this Con-
federacy? It there are any there, it is only in cer-
tain localities; and, out of those localities, it would
be dangerous for them to avow their sentiments,
because the people in those fifteen States believe
that the utterance of those sentiments would be
traitorous, and they would be punished accord-
ingly. Therefore, I consider it nothing but the
inevitable result of the principles avowed by that
party that the South should be prepared for resist-
ance, in the event of such an election. How could
a Republican President carry on the Government
in the southern States? Where would he get his
Federal officers—his collectors of customs, his
marshals, his district attorneys, his postmasters?
I believe that, in a large majority of the slavehold-
ing States, men who would accept commissions
from a Republican President would be looked upon
as public enemies, and they could not execute the
duties that were imposed upon them by the Pres-
ident of the United States. How would they
permit postmasters in South Carolina and Georgia
and Alabama and those gieat slaveholdmg; States
to be the recipients of documents that might be
circulated to excite servile insurrection ? Sir, it is
impracticable. It is impossible for a Republican
President to administer this Government over the
slaveholding States of the Confederacy, in my
judgment.
Entertaining this opinion, I am not surprised
at the declaration which has been made by the
Senator from Alabama, and indicated by other
Senators in this discussion, that they will not sub-
mit to such a iulc; and it is because I love this
Union and represent a constituency who are unan-
imously in favor of its preservation, that I have
presented the views which I have submitted to-
day. I say that a dissolution of the Union is not
impossible, that it is not impracticable, and that
the northern States are laboring under a delusion
if they thmlc that the southern States cannot sep-
arate from them either violently or peaceably;
\ iolently if necessary. They can take possession
of all the public property within their limits, and
prepare against any aggression from the noti-
slavcholdmg States, or any other Power thatmay
choose to infringe upon what they conceive to be
their rights. It is because T believe they can sep-
arate, and that they will separate in the event to
which I have alluded, -that 1 have referred to the
speech of the Senator from Alabama as a warning
to every man who loves this Union, that now is
the time to present the question in its true form,
and that the election of a Republican President is
the inevitable destruction of this Confederacy. I
have believed it for a long time. I stated it long
since as a matter of opinion. It is not a question
in which those whom I represent are particularly
interested, for we are two thousand miles away
from any slaves, but I have said it is a solemn
warning. I want this Union to be perpetual, to
last as long as the world lasts; but no such cle-
ment ought to be introduced into the administra-
tion of public affairs as will render its destruction
certain. The only movement that can be made
in the northern States is such as I have indicated,
to appeal to the citizens of the North to labor no
longer under the delusion that the southern States
do not intend to act. I believe they do. f am cer-
tain that they will act. I think so, not^hl^frofti
my intercourse with their representatives
but from personal intercourse with that peo£t&
and I thmk'lhcir representatives here1 are behirid
the public senfifnent of the southern States, • a
large majority of them; and the danger -tfhifch' n'ot
environs the country is greater than it;tfver has
been before. *
I know that heretofore threats of disunioh h&vfc
been fulminated, but I have never believed until
within the last few years that the $an^pr was so
great. I have always believed that 'sbmfethihjg
could divert it. Why? Because the partita that
existed in the country, existed in all the States.
I do not pretend to castany odium on the Repub-
lican party, or their leaders, or their doctrines^But
I say that with the view which the southern "States
entertain in regard to the platform of that party;
as expressed by the Senator from Alabama, it is
utterly impossible in the event of the success of a
Republican candidate for tho Presidency, that the
southern States will not resist, will n<5t break up
this Government' as a matter of necessity-.ana
safety. Entertaining these opinions, I think'tfu^t
this ciiseussion should not have been precipitated
at this particular juncture. I think that the Sen-
ator from Illinois had better have let this resolu-
tion pass without bringing up this old question of
conflict in Kansas. It would have been better for
him to allow the report to come from the proposed
committee, and let us ascertain the public senti-
ment of the country upon that official report., 'But
how, as the Senator from Illinois has introduced
the Kansas question, what good can result? If
the South were the aggressors in that case, have
they not been Conquered? If they tried to forcc
slavery into Kansas, lias not the result been that
it is as ultra an abolition Territory, and is likely
to be as ultra an abolition State, as any in the Con-
federacy ? If, as in the ease, of Russia, when once
she tried to conquer Turkey and take possession of
Constantinople and was forced into a peace by
the surrender of Sebasfopol, the South by aggres-
sion did attempt to forcc slavery into Kansas, has
she not been defeated in the contest, and is not
Kansas now as ultra an ami-slavery community
as any portion of the Confederacy? Why bring
that forward now as any justification for tine out-
rage which has been committed at Harper's Ferry
upon the State of Virginia? Why bring up th©
question of slavery in the Territories? There is
now scarcely a foot of territory where slavery
can be profitably introduced in the United States;
The North, the non-slaveholding States, have the
majority in both Houses of Congress, and unless
there is a new acquisition of territory you may
say that slavery is circumscribed at this very tirnfc,
and they have the power of circumscribing it by
refusing to ratify any treaty that any President
might make to add territory which might be filled
with aslave population; for itrequiiesatwo-thirds
vote of the Senate t,o ratify any treaty. They havte
all the power. Slavery is not and will not he
profitable in the present Territories of the United
States, New Mexico or Utah. ' If it wore, the
people would introduce it there, because they
could introduce it with safety. There is no ter-
ritory now within the borders of the United States,
where it can be successfully and profitably em-
ployed, as is evidenced by the fact that it has not
been introduced into those Teriitories, and there
can be no new acquisitions of territory where
slavery would bo profitable unless the North
acquiesces.
Then why is it necessary to introduce this agi-
tation of slavery in the Territories, and the past
conflict in Kansas5 What can be the object of
the Senator from Illinois, unlessit be to embarrass
the investigation properly sought by the Senator
from Virginia? 1 hope that Senator's amendment
will be voted down, and that we shall have this
investigation. I believe that the result of it will
prove that there has been complicity, not of tho
distinguished leaders of their party, but of a nu-
merous class who belong to that party, who are
stimulated by the spirit that was justly described
by the Senator from Alabama this morning, of
hatred to the institutions of the South; and it will
go on if they meet with success; and leaders, more
moderate than they, will be set aside if they do
not come up to their views in carrying on this war
against the institutions of the South.
Mr. President, I want this Union to be pre-
served and to be mado perp^tuahand in order that
