2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
braska bill—total non-intervention. Let them
settle those things among; themselves. They have
expended this money for their own benefit, and
I see no reason why Congress should give it to
them, especially as the scrip sold at a large dis-
count. And moreover, my impression was de-
rived from a gentleman who was present before
the committee, and who was a large owner of
the scrip.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will say to the
committee, that I took the statement of the Del-
egate from that Territory, and the statements of
the workmen who performed the work; and I
state what they will testify to anywhere, that the
appropriation of $20,000 is to indemnify the work-
men who took the scrip, and that that scrip was
issued in good faith to carry on the building to
such a state of completion as to keep it from be-
ing injured by the weather.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was the
amount of §20,000 expended in good faith by the
citizens of Omaha, for the benefit of the Govern-
ment in building this capitol building, which is
the property of the Government ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It wassoexpendpd,
as I am informed by the present Delegate and by
his predecessor; and it was expended upon the
request of the Governor, who gave assurances
that Congress would indemnify them.
Mr. HUGHES. I would inquire whether the
amount appropriated by the Government for this
building was exhausted before this scrip was
issued ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It was; and the
building was in danger of receiving great injury
before that time.
Mr. HUGHES. What was the amount ap-
propriated?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not remem-
ber. I think it was thirty or fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. HUGHES. Was that intended to com-
plete the building, or only to commence it?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understand that
the appropriation was made by Congress and
placed under the direction of the executive officer
of the Territory, and he ordered a building far
more costly than was originally designed—and
therein lie acted, in my judgment, imprudently.
Mr. HUGHES. One other question. If this
scrip was issued to the amount of $50,000, why
do they ask only $20,000?
Mr. GROW. They asked it all, but we cut it
down to $20,000.
Mr. HUGHES. Rut I understand they will
have to redeem the scrip to the amount of $50,000.
Mr. CLARK, of Mi ssouri. Yes; but it can
be redeemed for about jj20,000.
Mr. GROW. It is vitiated fo that extent.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 wish to know from the
gentleman from Missouri, whether it did or did
not appear before the committee that, in the com-
petition for the privilege of having the capital,
there was a vote of the Territorial Legislature to
remove the capital, while the building was in this
unfinished condition?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am not informed
of any such vote. Certainly no such fact ever got
before the Committee on Territories. I am not
very familiar with the movements of the people of
Nebraska Territory with regard to their capital.
Mr. EDWARDS. I am strongly impressed
with the belief that that was the fact; that the
Legislature of Nebraska voted to remove the cap-
ital; that the Governor vetoed the measure; and
that after that, these expenditures were made, in
order to secure the capital at Omaha.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am this
moment informed, by a gentleman from Nebraska,
that there never was such a measure passed by
the Territorial Legislature. [Cries of "duos-
tion!"]
Mr. GROW. We never heard of it.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no disposition to de-
tain the committee; but I appeal to gentlemen to
let us take the question now, and have a fair vote
on it m the House.
Mr. GROW. That is the proposition I made
some time ago.
^ Mr. BRANCH. The only reason why I ob-
jected to that was, that I wanted the facts to eo
uefoie the committee. The facts are now before
the committee; and I am ready to ;wee to the
proposition, with this remark: that it°is evident,
if Congress allows this course to be pursued, we
will have to give up all control over buildings in
the Territories.
Mr. HUGHES. I have nothing in the world
to do with the squabbles of the people of Ne-
braska Terrritory,' as to whether Omaha was
the proper place for the capital or not. I have
listened here with a good deal of interest to the
discussion, because I always wish to vote under-
standing^ and honestly. It is sufficient for me to
know that, Under the consent of the Government,
the erection of this building at Omaha was com-
menced; that, whether judiciously or not, the
amount appropriated by the Government was ex-
hausted, leaving the building in an incomplete con-
dition, exposed to the elements; and that there-
fore the expenditure of this money was necessary,
to prevent the building: being very much deterior-
ated or destroyed. Whether or not there was a
proposition made by other people to remove the
capital elsewhere, can have no influence on the
vote which I am going to give on this bill. It is
sufficient for me that the authorized agent of the
Government accepted, as I understand, this prop-
osition ofthese gentlemen to permit them, at least,
to do a certain act.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman is mistaken.
This officer was not the authorized agent of the
Government in reference to the expenditure of
money on that building.
Mr. HUGHES. He was still the exponent of
the Government. He was the Governor of the
Territory; and as such, whether authorized or
not, it was quite natural that gentlemen would,
with his assurance or permission, join in an ex-
penditure of money, in good faith, to effect a cer-
tain purpose.
The question was taken on Mr. Branch's
amendment, to strike out the fifth Section of the
bill; and it was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 move, pro forma, to strike out
the second section. I wish to call attention to the
fact that the first section of the bill appropriates
§20,000 to a penitentiary in Nebraska; the second
section, $20,000 for completing the capi-tol of Ne-
braska; the third section, §45,000 for completing
the capitol of Washington Territory; the fourth
section, $15,000for completing a penitentiary for
Washington Territory; and the fifth sei^ion ap-
propriates $20,000 to take up this bogus scrip.
Now that, Mr. Chairman, shows an aggregate,
for such purposes, of §130,400. What 1 have to
say is, that these appropriations are not for the
necessary legislative expenses ofthese Territories.
They are not for the necessary military defenses;
but they are to draw from the Federal Treasury
money for putting up these buildings, which are
erected for two purposes: first, to subserve the
interest of land speculators—speculators in town
lots; and the other, to secure the buildings for the
purpose of the State after the State is organized.
A little while ago I voted for the bill appropri-
ating §110,000 to open a road in Washington Ter-
ritory, and I shall vote for it in the House, because
it is represented, by persons who understand the
matter, that this road is necessary for the military
defense of the country. I will "vote cheerfully
every appropiiation that is necessary to carry on
the territorial governments, and to protect them
against Indian or foreign aggression. t But I will
not go beyond that, and vote away hundreds of
thousands of dollars for the purpose of enhancing
the value of town lots, and putting up buildings
for future States. That is no part of the duty of
Congress. I withdraw the amendment, with the
understanding as stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The bill as amended waslaid aside, to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it do
pass.
TERRITORIAL LIBRARIES.
A bill (H. R. No. 705) making appropriations
for territorial libraries.
The bill appropriates, for the purchase of law
books for territorial libraries, the sum of §500 for
each Tenitory, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Governor thereof.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
CHARLES II. MASON.
A bill (H. R. No. 189) forthe relief of the legal
representatives of the estate of Charles H. Mason.
The bill directs that there shall be paid to the
heirs or legal representatives of Charles H. Ma-
son, late secretary of the Territory of Washing-
ton, the difference between the salary of the
Governor of said Territory and secretary, forthe
time the said Charles H.Mason was acting Gov-
ernor of the Territory.
The Committee on Territories report it with an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert as follows:
That there be paid, 'out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to the heirs or legal represent-
atives of the estate of Ghaiies H. Mason, late secretary of
the Territoiy of Washington, the difference between the
salary of the Governor of said Territoiy and the seeietary,
during the time that the Governor of said Territory wad
absent from the Tenitory by permission of the President,
and the daties of Governor were discharged by said diaries
ii. Mason.
Mr. KUNKEL. I rise to a pomt of order.
We are in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the consideration of terri-
torial business, and it is not competent to go into
the Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. GROW. This is territorial business, and
comes under the order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, although this bill grows out of the govern-
ment of a Territory, and the organization of a
Territory, and is for the payment of the salary of
an officer of a Territory, yet it is in the nature of
a private bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Let me state that I believe this
bill has been here before, and was placed upon
this same Calendar, perhaps erroneously, but it
has been placed before on the territorial Calendar.
Mr. GROW. My view of territorial business
is, that it is anything that is necessary to carry
on the government of a Territory. This bill is to
pay the salary of an officer of a Territory. It is a
claim that arises under territorial regulations, and
the question for the Committee on Territories to
determine was whether, under territorial regula-
tions,-it ought to be paid.
Mr. KUNKEL. As I understand the motion
made and adopted by the House, it was to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon territorial business.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will, on reflec-
tion, adhere to its decision.,
Mr. GROW. Then, I believe, there is no more
business before the committee.
Mr. OTERO. Yes, sir; there are two more
territorial bills. Here is bill No. 195, reported by
Mr. Kenyon, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to confirm certain private land claims in
the Territory of New Mexico. I want to know,
from this House and from the Chair, in what way
I shall be able toget the territorial business of New
Mexico attended to if this is not the day for it?
Mr. COBB. All private claims go upon the
Private Calendar.
Mr. OTERO. This is not a private claim. It
is a bill to confirm certain land claims in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.
Mr. VANDEVER. I rise to a question of or-
der. Bill No. 203 comes before the case to which
the gentleman from New Mexico has called the at-
tention of the Chair and of the committee, and I
would like the committee to dispose of it. It will
take but a moment. The same point of order
may be raised m reference to it that was raised in
reference to the other, that it does not properly
belong to this class of business.
Mr. GROW. These are questions relating to
the disposition of lands.
Mr. YANDEVER. This business was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole by the ac-
tion of the House, and I ask the Chair if it is in
order for the Committee of the Whole to review
or reconsider the action of the House, which has
placed this business on the Calendar?
The CHAIRMAN. The House has referred
various bills to a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar, and it has referred a number
of territorial bills to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. We are now in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
territorial business. Privatebiilsarenotincluded;
but if it be the pleasure of the committee, they
may now be taken up as in Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the consideration
of anything that is not legitimately before the
committee.
