1146
the oommmmm globe.
March 14,
over a certain age were passed into-the four years'
course of studies; or, if a sufficient number could
not be found over that age, then those having the
greatest proficiency were added to them; and the
remainder constituted the other class which took
the five years' course. That was the way it was
effected. But for the accident at a -very large
class,it would have been difficult to do it without
disturbing, the annual supply. • ••
Mv. LANE. Well, Mr. President,-we are now
legislating two months before the present first
class will graduate. Then we place it in the
power of the academic board to graduate the sec-
ond class, in January next, at the end of four
years and a half from the time of their admission,
and the next class can graduate regularly in June
of next year, at the emd of four years from their
admission. No inconvenience to the^scrvice, or
the Academy, or to the cadets can, I think, grow
out of fixing the term at four years, and it ought
so to be fixed. I insist that the country ought
to have the benefit of this institution for the edu-
cation of that number of young men who can be
educated under the four years' term. For forty
of fifty years, I do not know exactly how long,
the Academy stood at that terra, and four years
was the course of instruction; but recently it has
been thought worth while to bring it up to five
years. I think it works a hardship.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not a new thing.
Mr. LANE. I will say to the Senator, that if
it is not.a new thing, the first I heard of it was
in his administration of the War Department.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator that
about twenty years before I entered the War Of-
fice, it was recommended by the academic board,
and it continued to be pressed; but,by some mis-
apprehension of the relation of the subject, it was
thought necessary that there should be legislation
before the course could bechangod. When, how-
ever, the question was presented to me, I exam-
ined it, ana found that legislation was not neces-
sary. I then but carried out what had been for
twenty years pressed by the academic board, by
the chief of engineers, and the inspector of the
Academy.
Mr. LANE. Well, sir, with all due respect to
the academic board, and to the action of the Sen-
ator whilst Secretary of War—and I am sure no
gentleman living is better qualified to judge of that
matter than he—I entertain a different opinion as
to the term that ought to be established at West
Point. I think, to-day, if wo could arrive at the
fact, we should find that every professor at West
Point believes four years long enough; and if they
could speak to-day, they would every one say,
bring it down 
]Vir. DAVIS. 1 beg your pardon.
Mr. LANE. 1 will only say I am so inclined
to think, and I know such to be the case with
many of them.
Mr. DAVIS. The majority, probably.
Mr. LANE. I will not discuss it; 1 ask a vote.
I want the yeas and nays, and 1 think that Sena-
tors will say that four years is long enough. I
hope the amendment will be adopted. That is all
I have to say.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and Toeing
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Camerori, Chandler,
Clingraan, iJivmi, Doolittle, Durkce, Hemphill, Iverson,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, MaUory, and Wil-
kinson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayaid, Benjamin, Bigler,
Unighani, CbeMiut, Collamer, Crittenden. Davis, Fitcli,
Fitzpatnek, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes,' Hale, ilamim,
Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Mason, Nicholson,
Fcarec. Kiee, Scbastia.ii, SlidoIhTen Eyck, Toombs, Tium-
ijuii, VVude, VViglall, and Wilson—.11.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, "(Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is on ordering the
amendments to be engrossed, and the bill to bo read
a third time.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I should like to have n
separate vote on the amendment of the Senator
from Texas; and on that I ask for the yeas and
nays. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
agreed to in the Senate, and the yeas and nays
cannot now be taken upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask if we may not, after the
amendment has been adopted, have a separate
vote upon that, it being a distinct proposition,
which may stand orfall by itself? Cannot I ask,
on the question of ordering1,the amendments to be
engrossed, to have a separate vote, first on so
much as relates to the Academy, and second on so
much as relates to the Texas regiment?
Mr. HUNTER. We cannot divide the bill;
but if the Senators want a vote on that, I propose
that, by general consent, we reconsider the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas, and have a vote
on it by yeas and nays.
Mr. PESSENDEN. That is all we want.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments have all been agreed to; but by unanimous
consent, or by amotion to reconsider, a vote may
betaken on so much as refers to' the Texas regi-
ment. ' ' ■
Mr. PESSENDEN. I will move to reconsider,
for the sake of having the yeas and nays on that
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
reconsidcr the vote adopting the amendment re-
lating to the Texas regiment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I ask for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Braga, Bright,
Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Ciingman, Collamer, Crittenden,
Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gvvin, Hammond, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee,. Kennedy, Latham, Mallory, Mason. Nichol-
son, Pearee, Powell, Ilicc, Sebastian, Slideil, Thomson,
Toombs, Wigfall, W ilson, and Yulee—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Chandlci, Dixon,
Dooiittle, Durkec, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Hamlm, Harlan, King, Sutmiei, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilkinson—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be offered, the question is, " Shall the
amendments be engrossed and the bill read a third
time?"
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read the third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill. I wantto vote against the
Academy. I do not care a cent about the regi-
ment now, after what you have done.
The yens and nays were ordered on the pas-
sage of the bill; and, being taken, resulted—yeas
41, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bigler, Hi age, Bright,
Btown, Cameron, ChcMiut, Clay, Chngman, Collamer,
< -ritlonden, Davis, Douglas, Fcssendon, Fitel). FiUpati kit,
Foot, Foster, Grreli, Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter,
Iverson, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Malloiy, Mr.-.on, Nich-
olson, Bcaioc. I'.uvll, 8rbristi.ni, rilidi'll, Thomson,
Toombs. WislaH, Wilson, and Yulee—U
.VA Y'S—Messrs. Chandler, Dixon, Doolifilp, Durkee,
Hale, Hamlm, Haiian, Kinij, Sumner, Ten Eyelt, and
Wado—11.
So the bill was passed. Its title was amended
byadding the words " and for other purposes," so
as to read: "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending 30th June, 1861, and for other purposes."
BANK ISSUES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move to postpone the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
regulating the banks in the District of Columbia.
I think the bill is No. 50.
Mr. POWELL. The joint resolution author-
izing the deepening of the Portland and Louisville
canal was the special order for two o'clock to-
day, and I think it has precedence. If it can be
left as the order for to-morrow, I shall have no
objection to the Senator's motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it has been a well-
established rule by yourself, sir, while in the chair,
[Mr. Bright,] frequently, and since by the Vice
President, that where there are several special
orders on the Calendar, the first on the Calendar
has the right of precedence even over a bill that
may have been made the special order for a par-
ticular day and a particular hour.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise toa question of order.
I make it upon the Senator from Louisiana, be-
cause I know he is so amiable that he will not
feel aggrieved if I make it upon him. It is, that ,
upon a motion to takt up a bill, debate is not in |
order. That was decided this morning by the i
Vice President on my own proposition to know j
whether a motion of the Senator from Delaware jj
to take up a bill out of its order was debatable, 11
arid the Vice President held that, according to a
formal decision of the Senate at the last session,
that question was not debatable.
Mr. SLIDELL. Witlf"al] deference to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, I think his point of order does
not apply. It woujd not be in order for me to dis-
cuss the propriety of taking up this bill. I am
simply reminding the Chair of what I consider to
be the established rule of the Senate, that where
there are special orders on the Calendar, the first
in point of time takes precedence over the others.
That has been repeatedly decided.
Mr. BIGLER.' The decision to which the Sen-
ator from Georgia alludes, does not go to the ex-
tent he claims. Th6 decision is that it is not in
order to discuss the merits of a bill on a motion to
take it up, but it is in order to give reasons why
this bill or that should be preferred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupan t of the chair has no doubt that it is the
right of a Senator to explain why one bill should
be preferred to another. The Senator from Lou-
isiana has moved to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of taking up Senate bill No. 50.
Mr. POWELL. May I inquire what will be
the fate of the special order of to-day if it be passed
over in this way? Will it come up to-morrow as
a special order >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will take its
place with other special orders. There are others.
It will be in the power of the Senate to take it up
at any time.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to consider the joint resolution, "which is the
special order of the day. It will take but a few
minutes to dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana
to postpone all prior Orders for the purpose of
taking up the bill referred to by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
PEOTECTION OF FEMALE IMMIGRANTS.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 3, which I am satisfied will not take
ten minutes'time. I think, when the bill is read,
with the petition on which it is founded eomingj-
from the Commissioners of Emigration of New
York, it will be passed without hesitation. 1 do
not think it can lead to debate. If it does, I do not
desire to detain the Senate now. I hope the bill
will be taken up. It is a bill requisite for the pro-
tection of a very unprotected class of persons.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us pass the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 24.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. 1VERSON. That question, the Chair has
decided, is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate on the
priority of business, in the opinion of the present
occupant of the chair, is in order.
Mr. IVERSON. Is the question of taking up
the bill debatable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the motion will not
prevail.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope it will.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 am going to debate it. I
have the floor, 1 think.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 have said to Senators, that
if they please to debate it, I shall not press it row;
but I think when they hear the bill read, they will
hardly object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question 1
Mr. IVERSON. I have not yielded the floor.
I do not object on account of this particular bill, 1
because I know nothing about it, and I may vote !
for it. or I may not; but I object to taking it up now
on general principles. I think the Senate would
do much better to adhere to the Calendar, as the
Senator from California [Mr. Gins] has hereto-
fore suggested and urged. We shall lose moie
time debating these questions of priority than we
shall occupy in disposing of half a dozen bills, if
we tako up the Calendar m its order. Now, we
have every day, in the morning hour and at other
times, motions to postpone the prior orders and
take up bills, and these discussions will always
