126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
it may b  perpetual it is necessary that the Sena-
tors on the other side when appealed to, as they
have been this morning, should at least give a
gleam of hope to the southern States that the policy
of their incoming administration, if they should
succeed in electing a President, will be different
from what the local policy of their States has
heretofore been with reference to the institution
of slavery. If not, as I stated before, I believe a
separation will be inevitable.
The Senator from Illinois, the other day, asked
why the South looked upon the people of the non-
slaveholding States as their enemies, who wished
to put the knife to the throats of their wives and
children ? It is because they believe the doctrines
that are taught by his party lead inevitably to that
result. _ Whether they are right or wrong, they
believe it: that is the sentiment of the people of-
the southern States, and I believe that they intend
to resist the acquisition of power in this Confed-
eracy by his party, because they think that the
election and installation of a Republican President
would be their conquest. If such a President
could not have collectors of customs at Charleston,
Mobile, and New Orleans, and other ports, he
would send his revenue cutters there with his col-
lectors on board, to collect the revenues, and they
would be in a degree blockaded. Thus the South
would be blockaded; and ultimately, probably,
almost without the means of defense, they would
be forced into a war of bloody results; whereas,
if they were to take possession of all the Govern-
ment establishments that are within the southern
borders, as in my judgment they will, in the event
of the election of a Republican President, before
his installation, they believe that they are power-
ful enough to resist any attempt to infringe on the
new order of government which they will have es-
tablished . By waiting, they put themselves in the
power of the Federal Government;but by prepar-
ing for the event in advance, they put it out of the
power of any government on the face of the earth
to inflict on them what they conceive to be a seri-
ous or fatal injury. This being tho opinion of a
vast majority of the people in the southern States
of the Confederacy, 1 say, in the event of the suc-
cess of a Republican candidate for the Presidency,
the southern States, in my judgment, will pursue
the course that has been shadowed out by the
Senator from Alabama to-day.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not intend
to occupy the attention of the Senate long; but,
in my humble judgment, the position of affaire is
presented this morning in a more distinct light
than it lias been before; and if the position as-
sumed by the Senator from California—and I de-
sire to meet this subject plainly—be true, we have
been living under a delusion—an utter delusion; we
are not a union of States; the free States are subject
provinces, and our people do not choose a Presi-
dent. They but perform an idle ceremony. You
sit there, according to the enunciation made this
morning, the representatives of fifteen States, and
you proclaim to the majority of this Union that, if
they dare to exercise their prerogative and choose
a President representing the views which they
entertain, (and the supposition presupposes that
they are the views of a majority of the people of
these United States, or else they could not elect a
President,j| you will dissolve the Union. You
substantially, by this declaration, declare that this
is an idle mockery, a delusion, and a deception.
It is no choice; you people of the free States or of
the non-slaveholding States—if that is a phrase-
ology suiting any ear better—you are not a part
of the sovereign power of this Confederacy; you
occupy to us the position that the old French Par-
liament did to their monarch. He made the de-
crees, the prerogative of the Parliament was to
register them—that was all. They called that a
parliament. They called that a government of
law. The Senator from California speaks to us
as if there had been an appeal made to us. I do not
consider it so. I rather consider it as a forewarn-
ing of a state of facts which, if it exists, ought to
be known and cannot be known too soon.
This is the remedy, sir. I am glad to hear it.
The remedy is that a majority of these United
States must surrender, give up'their convictions,
forbear, m the exercise of the highest functions
with which God ever endowed freemen, to let
their ballots speak the sentiments of their under-
standings and of their hearts; stifle everything
that is manly in them, if by chance they ever got
anything of that sort there, and go to the polls
next fall to go through the idle ceremony of voting
when it is already a foregone conclusion, and if
they do not register your decrees, the Union is to
be dissolved. Sir, it is dissolved now, if that is
the state of the case; it is not a Union; we are not
co-States; we are not here the representatives of
sovereign States, or of States having any political
rights; we are here simply to register your de-
crees—no, sir, not that, but our people are to come
together in the fall of 1860 and register the solemn
decrees that shall be made for them by the fifteen
slaveholding States of this Union.
Well,sir,I am glad, if this be the case, to know
it. It has not been proclaimed too soon. But I
want to put this matter a little more in detail, for
the benefit of the Senator from California. He
says that when there is an aggression on southern
rights, then they will dissolve the Union; and he
goes on to say that if a"majority of these United
States shall exercise their rights by electing aman
to represent their views, then the South will dis-
solve^ it. Would that be an infringement of south-
ern rights? Will it be an infringement of south-
ern/rights for the majority of the people of these
United States to elect a man to carry out their
sentiments and their principles, and to refuse to
receive what may be dictated to them by any-
body else?
Now, sir, I am not here to speak for the non-
slaveholding States. They have a great many
abler men here than I am, to speak for them. I
am not here to speak for New Hampshire. I have
a colleague who can speak better than I can; but
I will say this, sir: Gentlemen have said that they
will forbear to threaten, and certainly it does not
become me to threaten, because I am the repre-
sentative here of one of the smallest States in the
Union; but I believe that my people are ready for
that issue, and if that is the state to which we
have come, I think they will be ready to meet the
emergency, and I think that an appeal of that sort
will not be one that will be very likely to induce
a different action from that which they have hith-
erto pursued.
It seems that it was a fiction, then—a pleasant
political fiction, which has been indulged in by
some writers and speakers—that this is a Confed-
eracy of equal States. Why, sir, how idle is the
idea of any equality, when we are told before-
hand that if we exercise the right guarantied to
us by the Constitution in all its forms and in all
its spirit, and vote for the mjn whom we prefer,
and succeed in consummating our wishes through
the forms of the Constitution, then the Govern-
ment is at an end! So be it, sir; so bo it.
I recollect an eastern tale which may serve as
an illustration, and I trust that the story is not
below the dignity of the occasion. It is said that
an eastern monarch, distrusting his physician, had
determined to put him to death. The physician
begged hard for his life, but it was of no avail.
At last he said, "If you insist upon putting mo
to death, I have only one request to make, and
that is, that my dissevered head may be put in a
basin of water, and then it will answer any ques-
tion that you may put to it." The monarch replied,
"If I had any doubt about taking your life be-
fore, I have none now; for I want to try that
experiment." Sir, I want to try that experiment,
 fid I want to see whether I am the representative
on this floor of such craven slaves that they can
be driven from their convictions, and the exercise
of tlieir high franchise, by the annunciation that
if they do it this Union is to be dissolved. Sir, it
is no Union to them; this Government is nothing
but a badge of oppression and of degradation and
of humiliation, if sucli be the tenure by which wo
hold our places in this Confederacy.
Is this an appeal that is made to us ? It is not
an appeal to us as freemen, not as the represent-
atives of free States, not as men. If you respected
us or our constituents, you could not make such
an appeal. It is not an appeal to be made to men,
or to freemen. It docs not address itself to our
reason, but to our fears. I know it has been said,
sometimes, reproachfully, that the only way to
appeal to us is either to address our fears or our
pockets. This declaration to-day, made upon the
floor of the Senate, is based upon the idea that
there is nothing manly, nothing patriotic, nothing
that spurns degradation, in ourselves or in the
people whom we represent.
Sir, if Senators think that that is the way this
difficulty is to be solved, it is not for me to com-
plain. _ I thank them for the warning; and I ask
them, if they feel any sort of interest to know how
it is received by the people of the free States, to
read the returns that will come from the next
election, and ascertain how many are scared,
how many are frightened, how many are driven
by such an appeal, as it has been called. It is not
for me to stand here and make professions, be-
cause they are discredited just as fast as they are
made, and I have none to make; but I will say
this—I do not know whether I shall get crcditfor
my sincerity in it—I have declared again and
again that I desire the Union of these States to be
perpetual. I desire it to be perpetual as a Union
of equal States; but if I stand here representing a
people who will quail before the announcement
that the exercise of their honest convictions is to
work a dissolution of the Union, and if I thought
that such an intimation as that would frighten
oven one of our women from the course of her duty
in the approaching crisis, which is to be solved
by the result of the next presidential election, I
would scorn to represent them.
But, sir, I know it is fashionable to underrate
the people of the section of the country from which
I come. I do not stand here to vindicate them ai
all, nor to say a word in behalf of any other peo-
ple except those whom I represent. That they
may be sometimes mistaken, I admit. I think
that is proved by the fact that they followed the
fortunes of the Democratic party so long. That
they sometimes may be mistaken, I freely and
candidly admit; but I believe that, without dis-
tinction of party, they are as patriotic as any peo-
ple that is to be found on the face of the earth;
that they love and cherish the Union, and that, if
it were necessary, they would pour out their life's
blood upon any field where it would be necessary
to sustain and to maintain the interests and tho
honor of the country, and of the whole country.
But, sir, if I could, without arrogance or pre-
sumption, make an appeal to gentlemen who be-
lieve that dark clouds hang over us, and that the
future is portentous of evil, I would ask them if
they really believe that this is the way to deal
with such a state of things. Gentlemen have told
us, oyer and over again, that the danger of a dis-
solution of this Union is imminent. Sir, if it is
not only imminent, but desirable, I beg gentlemen
not to indulge in this strain of remark. I think,
and I believe history justifies me in it—other gen-
tlemen can speak for'themselves—that I represent
a people that cannot be driven. They are few;
but when they were much fewer than they are'
now, when they were not one half in number
what they are now, they left their plows in the
field, and they left their women to look after tho
homesteads, and they turned out from mountain
and valley and bared their breasts to the invading
foe, wherever and whenever he might come. Sir,
I do hope in God that the day is distant, very dis-
tant, when their mettle or their courage shall be
put to the test, in anything that bears even the
semblance of a fraternal contest; but let me tell
gentlemen that they will find in the end they are
mistaken. If I know myself, I have never in-
dulged in an opprobrious epithet in relation to
any State of this Union, or to any public man of
this Union. I have endeavored, according to tho
measure of my feeble abilities, to grapple with
tho questions which have presented themselves in
this Chamber and on the theater where the confi-
dence of my constituents has again and again
placed me. But I should feel myself unworthy
of tlieir confidence, I would not dare to look them
in_ the face nor to shake their honest hands, if I
failed, on any fitting occasion, so far as I was able,
to vindicate them from what I believe to be un-
just; and, sir, the idea that this people can be
driven by any such annunciation of what is to
follow the exercise of their judgment, I utterly
disbelieve and disavow.
Wlnle I know that it is the province of every
member upon this floor to present his convictions
of the reality and of the truth of the case, as it
exists to-day, in just exactly that light in which
his own convictions and his own understanding of
right and propriety may suggest, yet I will ven-
ture to submit to them if, as they avow, and as I
fully believe, they do desire this Union to be per-
petual, whether this is the way to make it so.
Gentlemen, do you desire this Union to be per-
petual ? I would not, if I thought as meanly of
