3034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
Then,a motion to adjourn is
No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS.
not in order ?
Mr. GREEN.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a new rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the question before the Senate is
on the motion of the Senator from Georgia to
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let us vote it
down.
Mr. GREEN. Let us have the yeas and nays
on that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adjournment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Pcarcc, Saulsbury^and Toombs—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigier, Bra™, Bright,
Brown, Chesuut, Davis, Doolittle, Durkee, Fitzpatnek,
Foster, Green, Grimes, Hailan, Hemphill, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Mallory,
Nicholson, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Simmons, Wade,
Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Now I move
to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
291) for the relief of Mary Preston, the widow of
George Preston, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the report be read.
Mr# JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
letter of the Adjutant General be read. That shows
what the case is. I am perfectly willing to have
the vote; but if Senators wish to hear the plain
truth about it, they will hear it in that.
The Secretary proceeded to read the letter of the
Adjutant General, from which itappeais that from
the records of that office, George Preston enlisted
February 17, 1815, for "the war, was discharged
April 7, 1815, by expiration of his service, a pri-
vate of the seventh infantry; enlisted a second
time, February 20, 1823, for five years, was dis-
charged February 20, 1828, by expiration of ser-
vice, sergeant of company II, first infantry; en-
listed a third time, April 29, 1828, for five years,
was discharged April 29, 1833, by expiration of
service; enlisted a fourth time, June 15,1833,for
three years, was discharged June 15, 1830, by
expiration of service and recnlistment ns ser-
geant of company E, sixth infantry; enlisted a
fifth time, June 15,1836, for three year/?, was dis-
charged June 15, 1839, by recnlistment first ser-
geant of company E, sixth infantry; enlisted a
sixth time, June 15, 1839, for five years, was dis-
charged April 15, 1844, by recnlistment an ord-
nance sergeant; enlisted a seventh time, April 15,
1844, for five years, was discharged February 15,
1849, by recnlistment, an ordnance sergeant; en-
listed the eighth time, February 15, 1849, for five
years, was discharged December 21,1853, by re-
enlistment,an ordnance sergeant ;cnlisted the ninth
time, December 21, 1853, for five years 
Mr. PUGH. I move that the further reading
of that paper be dispensed with. 1 think if any
man enlists seven times in the Army 
Several Senators. It is nine times.
Mr, PUGH. At any rate it is enough to give
his widow a pension upon.
The Secretary. The last clause of the com-
munication is:
" No man, a« regards his faithfulness to every duty re-
quired of him, can have a stronger claim lor the htation he
seeks than Sergeant G. Preston. In every respect he scenic
to me to bo jun Midi a character as the law creating ord-
nance sergeants had in view; and he ha^ Reived nineteen
yeats and eleven months in the Army, of winch penod
nineteen vedr> and two months he hasbeen a non-comniia-
Hioiif'd o/hcei "
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
bill may bo passed.
Mr. TOOMI>S. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. GRIMES. It is proper to state, in con-
nection with the cxtract that was last read, that
it is an extract from a letter addressed by the
commanding general of one of the lorts in Ark-
ansas to the (Quartermaster General, or to some
person here who had power to appoint an oid-
nance sergeant. He had at that time been in ser-
vice nineteen years, but his entire service was
thirty-seven years.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report. i
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Pensions, to who n were referred the
petition and Senate bill No. 291, for the leiief of Mary
Prebton, widow of George Pieston, beg leave to report:
That it appears from the rccords of the War Department
the husband of petitioner served in the United States Army
as private, sergeant, and ordnance sergeant for above ihirty-
six years, continuously, and died at Fort Smith, Aikansas,
February 7, 1859.
The widow now prays a pension. The committee, there-
fore, report back the accompanying bill foi her relief, with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I Jiope the bill
will be put on its passage.
Mr. TOOMBS. This question, it is true, is a
small one as to amount; but this bill involves a
principle which the Senate, with nearly entire
unanimity, rejected. A few days ago, when the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
proposed to pension the widows of officers and
soldiers of the United States, the Senate almost
with unanimity rejected it. I desire gentlemen to
know that here is a ease outside of all principle.
It simply proposes to give a pension to the widow
of a man who has been in service, it is true, but
who does not come within any law giving a pen-
sion, and died in his bed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 think there
arc matters of much more serious importance that
require the attention of the Senaloi from Geor-
gia, and I think he ought to devote himself to
them. He ought not to forget so far the high
duties that arc on his hands as to hunt up a little
case like this. Here is a poor widow that is to
be the recipient of some kind of pay upon the
part of the country to her, in the name of her
husband, with one child whom she is supporting,
who is utterly helpless, for such services. It is
a smaller business than I thought he would ever
embark in. [Laughter.] Now, without any dis-
respect to that Senator, foi I never did a thing
like that to the Senator, I hope he will yield
when he finds there can be nothing else but one
universal response of approval and admiration of
the character of a man who never demanded pro-
motion nor asked any benefit front the country.
He has left a widow with one child. They are
poor as they can be. The extraordinary char-
acter of his services to the United States, run-
ning th rough apenod of thirty-seven years, shows
his widow to be deserving of a pension. I do not
think that the Senate will icfuse to pass it over
the Senator from Georgia at once.
Mr. KING. I hope Senators who desire to
vote for this hill will he willing to vote for it upon
record. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TOOMBS. So do 1.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and read the
thud time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Shall the bill pass r"
Mr. KING. 1 ask for a division, at any rate.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 21, noes 5; no quorum voting.
% Mr. SIMMONS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi. SIMMONS. 1 hope everybody will vote,
one way or the other.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Anthonj, Uipler, Bragg, ChCMiut, Da-
vis, Uurke.n, Pitch, Poster, Green, Grimes, Italian, Hemp-
hill, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane,
Latham, Mallory. Nicholson. Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Sim-
mon-*, \Vade, VVigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—-Me.s.si^ Biovvn, Doohttie, Fit/,patrick, Powell,
Itiee, Saulrfbuiv, and Tootnb«-—".
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum has
not voted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday « June 15, 18G0.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TUE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Paiton, one of the clciks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
An act (No. 564) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1861; and
An act (No. 331)) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government foi the year ending the 30th of June,
1861; the former without, and "the latter with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of (he
Senate, and insist upon their amendments dis-
agreed to by the House, to the bill of the House
(No. 215) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1861, ask a conference with the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
have appointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Sebastian, and
Mr. Wilson, the managers at the said conference
on the'part of the Senate.
Also, that the President had notified the Sen-
ate that he did, on the 14th instant, approve and
sign a bill of the following title:
An act (S. No. 168) to amend " An act to de-
fine and regulate the jurisdiction of the dislnet
courts of the United States in California in i<gard
to the survey and location of confirmed private
land claims.5'
Also, that the Senate had ordered the printing
of certain documents.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the Jlou^e insis-t on it^ amendments dis-
agreed to by the Senate to tiie amendments of the Senate,
and also upon its disagreement- to other amendments of
the S'nate in^i.sted on by the Senate, to the bill of the
House (No. 2lf>) makinsapptopnatioiid for the cm rent and
contingent expenses of the indian department, and for ful -
liiiiri^ tieaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
>ear ending June 30, 18bl, and agree to the conference
asked by tiie Senate on said bill.
CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented ajoint resolution of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts relative to the cattle disease, or pleuro-
pneumonia; which was laid on the table, and
orderedto be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate further insist on their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to the
bill of the Senate (No. 416) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain, and for
other purposes, ask a further conference with the
House on the disagrcemgvotcs of the two Houses
thereon, and have appointed Mr. Johnson of
Tennessee, Mr. Fitzpatrick, andMr. Cameron,
the managers at the said conference on the part
of the Senate.
AMERICAN PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the petition of the Amer-
ican Pharmaceutical Association, relative to the
importation of impure drugs, made a report there-
on; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. FOSTER, by unanimous consent,from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to which were
referred bills of the Senate, of the following titles,
reported the same severally without amendment:
An act (No. 98) for the relief of Elizabeth W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, late a mid-
shipman in the United States Navy; and
An act (No. 227) for the relief of Laura C.
Humbcr, widow of Charles H. Iiuraber.
The said bills were referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED RILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, bills of
the following titles:
An act (PI. R. No. 324) authorizing the sale of
the Western Military Asylum in Harrodsbuig,
Kentucky; and
An act (H. R. No. 564) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
