3036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 15,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose a sim-
ilar act with respect to Tampa, Florida. It is a
Senate bill, which comes to us for the purpose
specified. The bill which passed the Senate had
not quite achieved the purpose by a false refer-
ence to a law, and therefore the Committee on
Commerce have instructed me to report back the
bill with an amendment.
Mr. WH1TELEY. I do not wish to object to
the bill; but it is apparent, that if the gentleman
from New York ami the Committee on Commerce
are goiijg to put all their bills on their passage,
in direct contravention of the resolution of the
House, no other committee call be called during
the morning hour. Now, I think the other com-
mittees should be called for Senate bills only. 1
hardly think it fair that one committee should
consume the whole morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The bill can only be put upon
its passage by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHITELEY. Will the House have an
understanding that the other committees shall be
called ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will allow my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Commerce to get this bill through.
Mr. WHITELEY. I do not want the whole
morning hour consumed in this way by one com-
mittee.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I know that this
is a trespass on the patience of the House. I ask
its indulgence to pcrfoim a public duty fur the
public good. There^js no pi ivate interest involved
m the bill. If it be an undue trespass on the pa-
tience of the House, I will withdraw the applica-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I have very important public
interests committed to my charge, and I should
like to have an opportunity of discharging my
duty.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
thinks I should not press my bill, I will not do it.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Ohio object?
Mr. gTANTON. I do.
LIST OP PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr.TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to oiler the following lesolution:
Resolved* That tin* Cleric of thib House bo dnerted to
cause to by prepared a continuation ol the alphabetical li*t
of private claims hereto lore 01 dried by < 'ouster, and \\ Inch
lias been already completed and punted trnm the Fn^t to
the Thirty-First Cmigre^, Inclusive, and lh.it the ('lei k be
authorized to employ Alexander li. Evans, of the city or
Washington, upon said woik, at a compensation not ex-
ceeding that nmv paid to the cngiosMiig ckiks of tin-*
Ilouhc, and that the (Jlerk of this ilou->e pioeuro such ad-
ditional aid in the completion o( this woik as may he ne-
cessary, and tluu the expenses of said woi k he paid out of
any unexpended balance of the eonunjient fund of the
House not otherwise uppiopriaied.
Mr. CURRY. How does that resolution e,ct hv
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman asks the
unanimous consent of the House to offer it,.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
Mr. TAPPAN. Lot mo try and remove the
objection of the gentleman from Alabama. It is
absolutely nccossaiy that this index should be
brought up to the present time.
The SPEAKER. Unless the objection is
waived, there is no use in discussing the resolu-
tion.
Mr. CURRY. I presume it is competent for
me to say in reply to the gentleman, that he has
a clerk at a salary of $1,800 a year, who will have
nothing to do for some months to come.
WILLIAM D. LATSIIAW.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of William D. Latshaw, deputy surveyor
for Kansas and Nebraska, praying; for relief for
damages sustained by depredations perpetrated in
September, 1857, by the Pawnee Indians; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MEMPHIS PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from tho Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 84) to aid in the construction of public build-
ings at Memphis, Tennessee, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass. The bill was laid on
the table, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be.j>rinted.
CINCINNATI A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE,also, fromthesame
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 334)
to establish a port of entry at Cincinnati, in the
State of Ohio, with a recommendation that it do
not pass. The bill was laid on the table, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
MONTGOMERY A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from the same
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 620)
to constitute Montgomery, Alabama, a port of
delivery, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOSPITAL AT HICKMAN.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, made an adverse report upon
the petition of southwestern Kentucky, asking
for the establishment of a hospital at Hickman,
Kentucky; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
OCONTO A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of citizens of Wisconsin to make Oconto,
in that State, a port of entry; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MICHILLIMACKINAC A COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also,from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of certain citizens of Wisconsin to estab-
lish the collection district of Michillimackinac, in
the State of Wisconsin; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from tho same
committee, reported back a bill to create additional
collection districts in the State of California, and
to change the existing districts thetein, and to
modify the existing collection districts in tiff* Uni-
ted States, with a recommendation that it do not
pass. The bill was laid on the table,and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to bo printed.
CLARKSVILLE A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. JOiXN COCHRANE also, from the same
committ'-e, reported back a bill (H.R. No. 94)
to constitute Clarksville, in the State of Tennes-
see, a port of delivery, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. ClUARLES moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported back the joint resolu-
tions of the Slate of New Hampshire, in relation
to weights and measures, with an adverse report
thereon; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
SOLOMON WADSWORTII.
Mr. YANDEYEIl, from the Committee on
Public Lauds, reported back an act (S. No. 43)
for the relief of Solomon Wadsworth.
Mr. VANDEVER. This is a bill to confirm
the title to one hundred and thirty acres to an act-
ual settler. It is a case in which there are no
opposing claimants. I ask that the bill may be
put on its passage.
The bill was read. It directs that the title of
Solomon Wadsworth, of Clayton county, in the
State of Iowa, be confirmed to lots Nos. 2 and 3,
in section number fifteen, in township number
ninety-four north, of range three west, containing
one hundred and thirty-four acrcs and eighty-four
hundredths of an acre, in said State of Iowa, and
that a patent issue therefor, in accordance with the
laws of tho United States, upon the payment of
p 25 per acre therefor into the proper land office
of the United States.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to a.third reading; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. VANBEVER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW MEXICO GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands,reported back a bill (H. it. No.
197) to provide for a geological survey of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
OHIO SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of con-
gressional township eight, south of range three,
in Mercer county, State of Ohio; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana, asked that the bill be
put on its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the school
trustees of congressional township eight, south
of range three, Mercer county, Ohio, to locate
one half section of public lands upon any of the
unoccupied lands of the Government subject to
private entry at $1 25 per acre, said township
having never received any school lands from the
Go vernment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back a bill (S. No.
149) making appropriations to supply a deficiency
in the appropriations for the completion of the
geological survey of Oregon and Washington
Territory; and asked the consent of the House
that the bill be put on its passage.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move, then, that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL RLAKE.
Mr. TRIMBLE, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Samuel Blake and others, citizens of the
State of Massachusetts, for bounty lands; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ARKANSAS RAILROAD LANDS.
Mr. TRIMBLE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (S. No. 387) for the re-
lief of certain actual settlers on land granted to tho
State of Arkansas for railroad purposes, with a
recommendation that it. do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
REISSUE OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. PEYTON. I ask that the Committee of
! the Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the consideration of tho bill of the House to
authorise the reissue of land warrants in certain
cases.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Tho bill is unani-
mously recommended by the Committee on Pub-
j lie Lands, and it ought to pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that, when-
ever it shall appear that any certificate or warrant,
issued in pursuance of any law of the United
States granting bounty lands, has been lost or
destroyed; whether the same had been sold and
assigned by the warrantee or not, the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause a new certificate or war-
rantof like tenor to be issued in lieu thereof; which
new certificate or warrant may be assigned, lo-
