128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13.
Republicans do not advocate a sectional policy,
that they embrace the whole of this country, and
the interests Ofthe whole of this country, in their
affections, "attd that they would defend every Sec-
tion of the country at the -expense of blood and of
treasure. "Ko man can attend oiir meetings without
hearing'the declaration that we do not hate slave-
holders; that, while we sympathize with the bond-
man,' we do not hate the master. I know this to
be a sentiment that approaches unanimity in Mas--
sachusetts. The Senator has repeated his decla-
ration, that we hate slaveholders, several' times
to-day.' I repudiate it; I have no such fueling my-
self, arnd I do not know a Republican in the coun-
try who Would not blush to avow it.
Sir,weareopposedtoslavery. We believe sla-
very to be a wrong-. We believe slavery to be an
evil—moral, social, and physical. These are our
convictions; but, while we entertain them, we do
not preach ill-will or unkindncss toward any por-
tion of the people of our common country. You,
sir, [Mr. CxiEsjruTin the chair,] may go, any Sen-
ator may go, the citizens of Alabama may go, the
citizens of South Carolina may go, into all portions
of our country, and you will be treated like gen-
tlemen, treated with kindness and courtesy, and
you know it. Then, why is it that from this place
the people of Alabama and of the South are taught
that we hate slaveholders ? I say in all kindness
to the Senator from Alabama, that the charge is
grossly unjust to us, that he could not have ut-
tered on this floor sentiments more unjust to us
here, and to those whom we represent, when he
represents us as hating the slaveholders of the
country.
Why should such speeches be made here? Is
there not excitement enough in the section of coun-
try represented by the Senator ? I have on my
desk a paper containing an advertisement copied
from the Richmond papers, offering a reward for
me, for my colleague, for the Senator from New
York, and for other persons. Sir, you know, and
I know, that v/e cannot travel in portions of this
country without indignity. The country knows
it. Men are arrested and sent back to their homes;
men are insulted and indignities put upon them
for no offense except that they come from the fiee
States of this Union. There is not a Senator on
this side who can send his frank into fifteen States
of this Union without subjecting his letter to be
opened, examined, and destroyed: and this un-
der the sanction of the Postmaster General of the
United States.
I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate.
I rose to repel, and I do it 111 no unkmd spirit, the
assumption and declaration of the Senator from
Alabama, that the Republicans of the North hate
the slaveholders of the South.
But, sir, being up, I wish to say a word in re-
gard to the remarks which have just been made
with reference to the dissolution of this Union in
a certain event. I wish to say to Senators that
these declarations that the Union of these States
is to be dissolved if the people of this country
choose to clect a Republican President, are re-
ceived in the free States, as they should be re-
ceived, with the sternest condemnation; and that
the declarations made in this House and in the
other during the last few days, have aroused not
a poor, miserable, cowardly spirit of servility, but
a manly spirit iti our people, a determination to
exercise their constitutional rights, and express
their opinions freely through the ballot-box.
Senators have referred to Union-saving meet-
ings, and they judge of those meetings rightly.
They are of no earthly significance, and no at-
tempt here., in Washington, to get up a crisis can
make them of significance. A Union-saving meet-
ing was recently held in my State, and we are
told to-day that we have elected a Republican city
government in the city of Boston, following im-
mediately after that meeting. Well, sir, that
meeting was enough to make the people of Boston
elect a Republican city government. I have not
a word to say against the very respectable gentle-
men who took part in that meeting, nor in regard
to the political leaders who get up these Union-
saving meetings; but I say 10 the Senate and to
the country, that the meeting in the city of Bos-
ton does not weigh a feather 's weight in my State.
I put myself on the rccord to-day, and I.declare
that, notwithstanding the threats of a dissolution
of the Union in certain contingencies, the people
of Massachusetts will give fifty thousand solid
majority for whoever may be nominated as the
Republican candidate for the Presidency. Gen-
tlemen must not imagine that we arc to be in-
fluenced by any attempt to frighten us,' or to get
up a crisis, or to appei to the conservative sen-
timent of the North.- \Vhy, ^ir, the conservative
sentiment is with us, the property is with us, the
intelligence is with us, the personal character is
with us, in the free States, and the patriotism is
with us—that patriotism which'under no circum-
stances ever threatens to dissolve the Union—
that patriotism which will stand by the national
Government in any emergency in upholding the
Union of these States and the perpetuity of the
just rights of the States and of the people.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I shall not con-
sumo the time of the Senate in replying to what
has fallen from the Senator from Massachusetts.
I furnished proof of the truth of my position of
the hatred of his party to slaveholders as well as
slaveholdmg. I stated that his colleague had
avowed more than that,in alluding to the "slave-
holding oligarchy of the South," though I did
not consume the time of the Senate by reading it;
and his people have indorsed those sentiments by
his reelection. He denounced slavery as the sum
of all villainies; and he slaveholders as—
" Base, false, and heedless of justice. It is vain to ex-
pect that men who Have sciewed themselves uptobecome
the propagandists of this enormity vvtll bercstramedby any
compromise, compact, bargain, or plighted faith. As the
less is contained in the gicater, so tiicie is no vilciiPbS of
dishonesty, no denial of human lights, that is not plainly
involved in the r-uppoit of an institution which begins by
ehansmsj man, created in the image of God, into a chattel,
and svveepj little children away to t!io auction block."
Can any terms of hatred, of abhorrence, of utter
loathingand contempt for the people ofthe southern
States, those who you declare arc the ruling power
there, be expressed in the English language ? Are
not these expressions of hatred as bitter, as in-
tense as could possibly be uttered? Yet they are
indorsed by your people. You cannot possibly
affect to have any regard or any respect for our
constitutional rights when wc cannot recover a
fugitive slave within your limits, except by strat-
agem or by force. I have heard upon this floor, and
that Senator has heard, expressions of joy and
triumph at the fact that the recovery of Anthony
Burns cost $30,000. You, by your legislation,
have avowed your hatred of slaveholders and
slaveholding to such an extent that you not
only nullify and abjure a solemn obligation of the
Federal Constitution, which you once respected
and enforced, but you punish your own citizcns
who attempt to enforce that law.
The same thing is done in the State of New
Hampshire; and yet, you Senators rise in your
places and complain of these imputations of hatred
to our constituencies, and reproach us for de-
claring that wo are not willing to live under a
Government administered by you; reproach us
with a want of love of this Uaion; with a want of
fealty to its obligation; and, at the same time, ar-
rogate the right to violate our constitutional rights
with impunity. Do you think that we will endure
the burdens of this Government while you deny
us its benefits? Do you think that we are prepared
to keep the bon$s of the Constitution when you
violate them? Do you think that while, by your
legislation, you countonancc and encourage dep-
redations upon our property, we can regard you
as friends, or,- that we can servilely submit to
such abuses of our rights? If you do, you must
think us gifted with some of that God-like charity
and forbearance and long-sufferance which, when
smitten on one check, would turn the other to the
assailant; or, you must think us unworthy of the
freedom which was purchased by the blood of our
sires as well as yours.
I made no menaces; did not threaten the North
with compulsion; did not threaten to force the
North to any issue or anyposition; but I showed
that your party was solemnly pledged, by your
platform and by the avowals of your leaders
throughout the northern States, to maintain and
carry out in the administration of this Govern-
ment, when you get the power, measures which
we regard as an infraction of our constitutional
right?; and not only that, measures which you
yourself have forewarned us are intended to de-
stroy a domestic institution upon which our social
and political organization is based; measures
which tend to revolutionize our society, to deluge
our land in blood, and to desolate our fair fields;
and yet you complain of an intent and purpose on
our part to alarm the northern people, and scare
them into, acquiescence to our terms of govern-
ment ! What new terms have I proposed—what
Other terms'tban are found in the Constitution,
the bond of union,? None whatever. "You avow
here on this floor your*purpose to violate this
bond; and turn round, with seeming raillery and
mockery, and complain of us because we «ny that
when you have broken this bond we will cease to
maintain it, and refuse to become mere subjugated
provinces of a Government which denies us our
equality—denies us the rights which you havo
pledged yourselves to observe and maintain.
Tiie Senator himself has time and again avowed
sentiments, not in express terms deelaimg his
hatred of slaveholders, but tantamount, in my
opinion, to such a declaration. I have not troubled
myself to search his rccord, but if this debate is
continued, I-think I shall present him with somo
evidence of this assertion. I know one thing,
that he has pledged himself to labor for the eman-
cipation of the three and a half or four million
slaves in my country; he has declared himself for
immediate and unconditional emancipation; and
he has joined hands with Wendell Phillips in the
achievement of that end. Why, then, should ho
display any sensitiveness when I impute to his
party, and to him, hatred of slaveholders, and a
purpose to exterminate that institution in our
midst? Ay, sir, how can Senators on the other
side profess not to hate slaveholders, when they
profess to regard them as criminals, violators of
the laws of God, and of the rights of humanity?
How can they affect any other than aversion or
dislike, which are the synonyms of hatred, to-
ward those whom they denounce as barbarous,
as savage, as ferocious, as guilty of unchristian
and uncivilized practices; and that is the plain im-
port of your own platform. It is upon its very
face a libel upon the institutions of fifteen States
of this Union, and upon the dominant power, as
you declare, within those States, unless, forsooth,
wc are as base and as degraded and depraved as
you insinuate.
I have not endeavored to increase the excite-
ment to which the Senator has been pleased to
allude. God knows that I have a higher purpose
to serve here than that of party or myself. I havo
nothing to desire and nothing to attain beyond
the high position which I hero occupy as an em-
bassador of a sovereign State. I seek no more
of mf constituency. I never have sought, and
never expect to seek, other honors at the hands
of any other people or person than my own con-
stituency. I have no motive to achieve, either, in
producing excitement in our midst. We, it is
true, have been exasperated to a degree which has
been unprecedented hitherto in the history of this
country. Wc have seen principles and sentiments
avowed by the dominant party in the northern
section of the Union, culminating in treason and
civil war. Wc have cause for exasperation; but
the menaces camefYom your side, and from your
party. We were menaced with compulsory sub-
mission to your authority; we were insulted with
the threat of the hangman and the rope; and it
was in reply to these grossly insulting romarks
that I spoke with calmness, with respect, towards
you, and explained the ground upon which wo
planted ourselves. I forbore even to pledge my
State to separation. I forbore to promise or pre-
dict what she would do. I only spoke of what
was due, in my opinion, to her own honor, to her
own welfare, to her own sovereignty within tho
Union.
I had not intended to do so, but since the re-
marks which have fallen from the other side, I
will go further and invoke tho attention of tho
Senate and the country to a further proof of this
hatred, or, if you prefer a milder word, this aver-
sion or dislike of slaveholders, as well as of slave-
holding. I shall quote a remark from a Sena-
tor, who certainly stands at the head and front of
the northern Republican party of this Union, and
is entitled to that preeminence by his superior
abilities, his superior attainments, and his supe-
rior services to that party—a Senator, the bare
mention of whose' name by the Senator from
Massachusetts, (if the newspaper press ofthe day
did not misrepresent,) in the Republican conven-
tion at Philadelphia, was greeted with such a
testiigfpfey of reverence on the part of that assem-
blages has been accor&led to no other man within
