2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then what is the neces-
sity of going to see them ? I hope the Senate will
not adjourn. I must ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the Senate will
adjourn. It will take us some time to get there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This idea of adjourning
the Senate for every show that comes along is to
me extraordinary.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As the gentleman has
■ thought proper to go into reasons and arguments
why this motion should not be adopted, I beg leave
to say that this is not one of those shows which
ordinarily occur, and it is not proper to compare
them to one of those shows thatoccasionaliy come
through here. Now, for the first time, the people
of a new country, so far as connection with others
is concerned, open intercourse with ours. The^
are subjects and objects of natural curiosity and
of patriotic and national interest. Sir, this is a
show that ten generations past have never seen,
and ten generations to come may never witness the
like. I do hope the Senate will adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did notintend to make
any particular remarks about the matter; but it
strikes me that the Senate of the United States,
assembled here to do the business of the country,
is hardly doing what might be expected of it in
adjourning even for the purpose of seeing interest-
ing foreigners land, for it is nothing more than
that. I presume that the President of the United
States has made the proper preparations to receive
these distinguished visitors in a proper way, and
to conduct them to their quarters, and that we shall
afterwards, in the course of time, have an oppor-
tunity both to see them and to pay them our re-
spects; but the idea that, because they are to land
from a vessel at a particular hour, on a particular
day, the Senate of the United States is to leave
its business for the purpose of seeing the operation
gone through with, strikes me as decidedly be-
neath the dignity of the body, and an absurdity
in itself. I may be entirely wrong, sir. I have
my curiosity on the subject; but 1 think we shall
act in a manner much more becoming to ourselves
by continuing in our seats and attending to our
business, than we should by going down to the
. navy-yard, among the crowd, to sec the show,
interesting as it may be. That is my judgment.
Others, differing from me, will, of course, decide
according to their own views.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The absurdity is just
that absurdity which the House of Representa-
tives have already committed. They have ad-
journed over (or the purpose of witnessing this
spectacle; and one worthy of a rational curiosity
I think it is, to sec strangers from another side of
the world justlanding to take the first look at your
people and your nation. Is it not an object of
curiosity to see with what a natural gaze of won-
der they will regard everything? Is that like the
shows which pass along—like the events which
occur daily? Is the loss of it to be compensated
by that formal sort of sight which the gentleman
may hereafter have of the individuals of this em-
bassy? It is a different thing altogether to see a
nation, a mighty nation, known to history for cen-
turies upon centuries, now as it were landing upon
our shores from the other side of the world. Is
that no spectacle worth seeing ? The other branch
of Congress has adjourned. As relates to our busi-
ness, if they can spaio the time—and they have
spared it—cannot wc? Is there any sacrifice of
the public interests? The utmost is a postpone-
ment for a few hours. I iiope to say no more on
this subject, but that there will be no more argu-
ment on the motion to adjourn, and that the Senate
will adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I only desire to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, that my object in opposing an adjournment
was to get up the Oregon war debt bill, supposing
that the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
would allow the resolutions which were the spe-
cial order forto-daytopassoveruntil to-morrow,
and address the Senate then; but from lnm I learn
that, if the Senate docs not adjourn, he will feel it
to be his duty to address the Senate to-day. The
Senate is not full: and I am sure he, with myself,
would desire it to be so when he speaks. There-
fore 1 withdraw my objection, and shall vote for
the adjournment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Jitter. Bragg, Chnaman, Crittenden,
Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hemphill, Iverson, Lane,
Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Sumner, Thomson,
Too in lis, Wade, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Fessenden, Foster.
Grimes, Mallory, Pearce, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and
Wibon—11.
So the motion was agreed'to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 14, 1860.
The House metat three o'clock,p. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stocktox.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the
Chairascertain whetheraquorumis presentornot.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. No business can be done
until the Journal is read.
Mr. BRANCH. The Journal cannot be read
until a quorum appears. I ask the Chair to as-
certain, by a count, whether a quorum is present.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Mississippi has moved that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope that there will be
no call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Mississippi is in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask that the vote be
taken on that question without acall nf the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A call of the
House is not in order, the previous question be-
ing pending.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. KPtANCH. I hope that the time of the
House will not be consumed by acall of the yeas
and nays. If we are to remain here, we had better
go on with the business of the House without loss
of time. However, I feel obliged to make a point
of order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Let us hear that point of
order.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman from Mis
sissippi will listen, he will hear it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. No member ought un-
necessarily to consume the time of the Efouse in
debating preliminary questions. Now, I would
like to know what point of order the gentleman
from North Carolina has to make ? Nothing can
be proposed here, it would seem, that does not
meet with the disapprobation of that gentleman.
Nothing can be proposed here, sir, which he does
l|fct debate.
Mr. BRANCH. Ihavc risen to state mypoint
of order. Let me tell the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi that 1 am not in the habit of consulting
him with reference to the manner in which I shall
conduct myself in this Hall. I make the point of
order that amotion to adjourn is not in order until
it shall be ascertained whether a quorum is pres-
ent or not. If the yeas and nays have been or-
dered on the motion to adjourn, I make the point
of order. Otherwise I do not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I cannot hear the gentle-
man from North Carolina. Ke is frequently, too
frequently, heard m this Hall; but I cannot hear
what he has to say to-day.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope I am heard, when I
do speak, with more useful results to the country
than is the gentleman.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have frequently heard
the gentleman from North Carolina when he has
not been useful 10 the interests of the country
No bill, no resolution, no business of any kind, is
introduced here, on which he has not something
to say.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is not in order himself.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In all this confu-
sion, let me ask whether the members of the
House have seen the Japanese? [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that a quorum is present, and that settles the point
of order of the gentleman from North Carolina;
and he is further of the opinion that nothing can
be done until the Journal of Saturday is read.
Mr. HUGHES. I think that there can be no
doubt that a quorum is present. If a^quorum be
not here now, we will not have to wait long for
one. And now I would trespass on the attention
of the House for one moment, to say that this is
a day that we cannot afford to lose. We have
been amusing ourselves all the morning, and I
think that we may profitably employ a short time
in a call of the States for resolutions. An oppor-
tunity for a call of the States will not occur again
for two weeks, and I hope that we will not adjourn
without such a call to-day.
The SPEAKER. A quorum is present, but no
debate is in order until the Journal of Saturday
has been read.
The J ournal of Saturday ivas read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GARTRELL. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. My attention was called, this morning, to
tlie reported proceedings of the House of Thurs-
day last, as published in the Globe. It will be
recollected that the Speaker ruled that the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Thayer] to the bill reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, was
out of order. An appeal was taken from the de-
cision of the Chair; and, on motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] that ap-
peal was laid upon the table by a vote on a call of
the yeas and nays. I voted in the negative dis-
tinctly, but my name is not recorded in the Globe,
nor, as I understand, upon the Journal. I ask,
therefore, as it will not change the result, that my
vote be recorded.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. MONTGOMERY obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I rise to a question of
privilege. I have moved a resolution fixing a
day for final adjournment. I hold that that is a
question of the highest privilege.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of higher
privilege. I call up the resolutions reported by
the Committee of Elections in the Michigan con-
testcd-election case of Howard against Cooper.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mine is a question of
privilege first put and pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts takes precedence.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I want to know
whether the Speaker understands what my ques-
tion is '
The SPEAKER. The Chair does; and ho de-
cides that the question of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is one of higher privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When the
House adjourned on Saturday last, the main ques-
tion was ordered to be put on the pending bill. It
seems to me that the House can do no business
until the House has disposed of the pending
question.
The SPEAKER. The question of highest
privilege is that of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and is therefore entitled to precedence.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me a moment.
Mr. DAWES. For what purpose ?
Mr. PETTIT. To call up joint resolution No.
35 in relation to observations of an eclipse of the
sun, in order that it may be put on its passage.
It is important that the resolution should be passed
at once.
Mr. DAWES. Is it a matter that will give rise
to debate ?
Mr. BURNETT. I insist on the regular order
of business being pursued.
The SPEAKER. The ques;ion now in order
is the consideration of the Michigan contested-
election case, called up by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr COLFAX. I wish to make an appeal to
the House.
Mr. MORSE. Is it in order to vote down the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
to proceed with the call of States for resolutions
Mr. HUGHES. Is it not now in order to pro-
ceed with the call of States for reports and resolu-
tions ' Is not that the regular order of business?
Mr. DAWES. Who has the floor?
