1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has. The
regular order of business is the consideration of
the Michigan contested-election case, called up by
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. TRAIN. My colleague yields to me a
single moment, to corrcctan error into which my
colleague and others fell the other day.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the floor being
yielded, unless it is yielded unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts cannot yield the floor,
unless he yields it unconditionally.
Air. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. 1 move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS^ I ask the Chair to state what
question is pending. Is it the Michigan con-
tested-election case, or is it only a motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of that case?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is the
report of the Committee of Elections on the ease
of Howard against Cooper, for a scat upon this
floor from the first district of Michigan.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for the reading of the
resolution of the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. Is not the question on which
we are called to vote, whether the House shall
Eroceed to the consideration of that question? It
as not been made a special order, and it can,
therefore, be called up only by a majority vote.
Mr. DAWES. Have I the floor?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 am upon the floor, on a ques-
tion of order. I want the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the floor to call up the Michigan
contested-election r;ise. Will the House take up
that case at this time ?
Mr BARKSDALE. I move that the House do
now adjourn. 1 believe that is a question now in
order.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. COLFAX demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. 1 rise to a pomt of order. I
want to know how the gentleman from Missis-
sippi could take the floor from me to make the mo-
tion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is in
order.
Mr. DAWES. I was upon the floor on a ques-
tion of privilege. I called up the case of Howard
against Cooper, involving the right to a scat upon
this floor; and I understand that that isaijuestion
of the highest privilege, and must be fiist disposed
of.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, on the gentleman's
argument, the House could he compelled to sit
here until that question was disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
in order.
Mr. PHEL'PS. I desire to say to the House,
that if we proceed with the regular business of
the House, the first question before the body is
the consideration of a territorial bill upon which
the previous question was &eeonded and the main
question orderedon Saturday last; therefore, when
we are under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, a motion cannot be entertained to proceed
to the consideration of any other business until
that shall have been disposed of, unless it be a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. Is this motion debatable?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts consents that his case
shall be brought up to-morrow morning, so that
we may go on with the ordinary business and
dispose of this territorial bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I hope the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale] will withdraw
his motion to adjourn, and let us act upon the
territorial bills, upon which'the mam question has
been ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withd raw my motion.
Mr. DAWES. Have I the floor now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from IVffissachusetts has the floor now.
Mr. DAWES. If I can retain the floor long
enough to state the question, I will state it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the ques-
tion to the House, whether they will consider now
the question proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. And upon that, I have the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise now to a question of
order. On Saturday last, the House, in theCom-
mittee of the Whole, passed certain territorial
bills. They were reported to the House, and
upon one of those bills the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered to be
put. That is the first business now in order. We
are acting under the operation of the previous
question, and we cannot even submit a motion
tnat there be a call of the House while we are
under the operation of the previous qustion. That
matter must be disposed of before the gentleman
from Massachusetts can call up his privileged
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That point
was made some time ago, and it was overruled by
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
question raised by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts must be first decided. Will the House
now proceed to the consideration of the Michigan
contested-election case ?
Mr. DAWES. I merely want to state to the
House, if they are willing to hear me to that ex-
tent, that this case has been called up live or six
times, and a day appointed for the hearing of it,
but it was finally postponed to this day, by ar-
rangement between the parties in the case. So
far as the Committee of Elections are concerned,
they are as willing to call up the case at one time
as at another. We want the House to say when
they will take it up and dispose of it. I now
propose to submit the question to the House
whether they are willing to take it up to-morrow
morning immediately after the reading of the
Journal?
The SPEAKER. That is the question before
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I move that it be postponed
until to-morrow immediately after the reading of
the Journal, and that it be made a special order
at that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make a statement to the House, and I wish the
gentleman from Massachusetts to hear me a mo-
ment. By a special agreement of the House,
made some time ago, the steamboat bill was to be
taken up to-morrow; and I trust the gentleman
from Massachusetts will not press his election
case for to-moirow.
The bill to which I refer is a bill for the better
protection of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled by steam, and it is important
that it should be taken up and disposed of. Its
consideration will consume but it very short time,
and after that is got through with, the election
case could be taken up.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
are perfectly willing to take up and dispose of this
case this afternoon; but the House seems unwil-
ling to do so, and the friends of the steamboat
bill seem disposed to crowd that in to-morrow.
The committee are desirous of knowing whether
the House is disposed to attend to these matters
at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the case
be set down for Wednesday.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot do that. Imovethat
the ease be postponed until to-morrow morning.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the mo-
tion by substituting Wednesday, at one o'clock,
in place of Tuesday.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say that an amend-
ment to the Military Academy bill passed the
Senate, and came to the House some time ago,
which is very important, at least to the people I
represent. It has been debated in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, has been
reported to the House, has been voted on there,
and is now pending on a motion to reconsider.
T presume there is no desire upon the part of any
one to continue its discussion. It will consume
but little time, and I hope the House will not
make other special orders, which will preclude ac-
tion upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This steam-
boat bill was made the special order. By the
unanimous consent of the House, it was agreed
that it should be taken up to-morro%v; and 1 ask
whether the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that this election case be taken up,
can override the special order of the House upon
that bill? I submit that as a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide thftt
question when it arises.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Ken- .
tucky [Mr. Bcrsett] has moved, as an amend-
ment to the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that the consideration of this case be
postponed until Wednesday, at one o'clock. I
rise merely to say that I have, at the instance of
members of this House, postponed three or four
several times the resolution reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary in reference to the
protest of the President. We have fixed, now,
Wednesday and Thursday of this week for the
consideration of that resolution, and 1 trust ttshall
not be put to the necessity of asking a further
postponement of it. It would have been consid-
ered long ago but for the appeal made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky 
Mr. BURNETT. So far as I am concerned,
I will withdraw my amendment, and will suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that he can
call up his election-case at any time. I feel an
interest in the steamboat bill, which has been post-
poned once on account of the sickness of the gen-
tleman from Illinois. It will take but a very
short time to dispose of that bill.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see anything to hinder
us from taking up this case this afternoon. It can
be discussed this afternoon, and (he vote can be
taken to-morrow.
Mr. REAGAN. I give notice that to-morrow
I shall call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate to the
Military Academy bill was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to submit a question
to the Chair. There is a bill pending before the
House upon which the main question has been
ordered; and I submit to the Chair whether it is
in order, while under the operation of the previous
question, for the gentleman from Massachusetts
to submit a motion to take up this contested-elec-
tion case?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
this being a question of the highest privilege, and
it haNspig been set down for this time, it is entitled
to be heard, unless the House shall otherwise
order. The question now before the House is,
will they entertain the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts upon that subject?
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire how this con-
tested-election case has been set down for to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts gave notice that he would call it up at
this time.
Mr. PHELPS. In other words, it is no spe-
cial order of the House. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I desire to have a rule
of the Manual read upon this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to have
the House distinctly understand the point upon
which the gentleman takes an appeal.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal from the decision and
ruling of the Chair upon the point of order pre-
sented by the gentleman from Kentucky. We
are now under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. The House decided on Saturday, before
adjournment, that the mam question shall be now
put. That question must be first disposed of.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to remind the Chair
that on Saturday last there was one territorial bill
excepted, which was not then considered. If I
am not misinformed, the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered to bfi
put; and then the House adjourned. That bill
ought to be first disposed of.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it better
to take the vote on this territorial bill, the mam
question having been ordered on it.
The appeal and the motion to lay the appeal on
the table were withdrawn.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 704) appropriating money
for the erection of public buildings in certain Ter-
ritories therein named.-
The first question was on the following amend-
ment;
For completing the penitentiary in the Territory ofNew
Mexico, $20,400.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to state that the
Committee of Ways and Means have reported an
