1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3037
catcd, and patented, in like manner as other cer-
tificates or warrants for bounty land are now
authorized by law to be assigned, located, and
patented; and in all cases where warrants have
been, or may hereafter be, reissued, the original
warrant, in whosesoever hands it may be,shall be
deemed and held to be null and void, and the as-
signment thereof, if any there bo, fraudulent; and
that no patent shall ever issue for any land located
therewith, unless such presumption of fraud in
the assignment be removed by due proof that the
same was executed by the warrantee, in good
faith, and for a valuable consideration.
It further provides that the said Secretary of the
Interior shall prescribe such rules and regulations
for carrying the act into effect as he may deem
necessary and proper in order to protect the Gov-
ernment against imposition and fraud by persons
claiming the benefit of the act; and that all laws
and parts of laws for the punishment of false
swearing and frauds against the United States
shall be made applicable to false swearing and
frauds under this act.
It further provides that the act entitled " An act
to provide for satisfying claims for bounty lands
for military services in the lute war with Great
Britain, and for other purposes," approved July
27, 1842, and also the two acts approved January
27, 1835, therein and thereby tevived, shall be
revived and continued in force fiom and after the
26th of June, 1858, when the same expired by
limitation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. This"bijl has received
the sanction of the Secretary of the Interior, and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and it ought to pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to Have the gen-
tleman state what is intended by the last section
of the bill reviving certain acts which, it seems,
havi; become obsolete or have been repealed.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will allow me, I
can give the information called for. The act giv-
ing bounty lands to certain soldiers has expired,
and there are cases pending m the Department,
which cannot be acted upon. The act has been
revived three seveial times since I have been a
member of Congress, and without the act is re-
vived again, a warrant issued under that act can-
not be located. There are a few yet which ought
to be issued, as stated by the Commissioner of
Pensions, and unless it is revived, certain war-
rants will be lost. The act has been revived every
time it has been asked.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, I shall object to
discharging the committee unless the word " cer-
tificate" is stricken out wherever it occurs. As I
understood the first section of the bill, it seems
to contemplate the reissuing of land certificates,
which have been lost.
Mr. PEYTON. Have that section read, and
then, if there is any objection, in that respect, I
will have the word stricken out.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to dis-
charging the committee from the consideration of
this bill and taking it up in the House?
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as before the House.
Mr. PEYTON. I will accept the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let me first put the
amendment in the shape I desire it.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Geor-
gia can offer his amendment; but as this bill is
the report of a committee, the gentleman from
Kentucky cannot accept the amendment. We
can have a vote upon the amendment; and I trust
the House will vote it down.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to say one
w o i d.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. What is the amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. It is to strike out the word
" certificate" wherever it occurs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If I can get the at-
tention of the House one moment, 1 will convince
them, as well as the gentleman from Georgia, that
the bill, as it now is, is right. The woid " certifi-
cate" refers to the original land wair^ts issued
undei one of the first acts of Congress granting
bounty land. The warrants under that act were
deposited in the Land Office heie, and the Depart-
ment issued certificates of the existence of the
land warrants to the persons who were legally
entitled to the warrants. Now a warranto! that
kind cannot be loeated unless the certificate which
was issued by the Department to the individual
who claims the warrant is produced. When that
certificate is lost, it is the same thing as a loss of
the warrant. It is to meet such a ense that the
word "certificate" has been inserted. I would
say further that the bill was drafted at the De-
partment, where they had all the information
necessary to enable them to draft it to meet the
cases desired to he reached.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will put my amend-
ment in this shape:
Provided, That tins act shall not apply to any certificate
for laud issued prior to 1840.
And now I want to state why 1 oppose this
amendment. I have an apprehension that this
bill may reach land certificates issued prior to
1800, and since that time, prior to 1840. My only
object is to prevent the issuing of duplicate cer-
tificates for warrants which were issued prior to
1840. I move to amend, therefore, by aduing the
proviso which I have read.
Mr. SIMMS. I have had something to do with
this Land Office business. I hope the bill will
pass as originally reported, for I think it is all
right. This word " certificate" you will find used
in all assignments of warrants, written on the
back of the warrants themselves; and the object
of this act is simply to authorize the Department
to reissue land warrants which have been lost. I
have seen many cases of this kind, and I have one
now in my care, and the Department feels that it
has no authority, under existing laws, to reissue
land warrants where the certificates have been
lost. And that is the object of this bill.
Mr. PEYTON. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question being first upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Under-
wood,] it was put; and the amendment was not
agiecd to.
""Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is now manifest what
the object of this bill is, and I therefore move to
lav it upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was thenordeied to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, made an adverse report on the
resolution lelative to the geological survey of
Washington Teiritory by the General Govern-
ment; winch was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
back a petition from citizens of township three,
range ten east, in Jasper county, Mississippi, and
asked that the comnuttee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the petition belaid
upon the tabic.
It was so ordered.
SJGLMA AND GULF RAILROAD.
Mr. COBB also, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of the citizens of Ala-
bama for a grant of land to the Sol ma and Gulf
Railroad Company, and asked that the committee
be dischaiged from its further consideration.
It was so oidcred.
LANDS FOR RAILROAD PURPOSES.
Mr. COBB also, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 797) grantingpubhc
lands, in alternate sections, in Alabama, to aid in
the construction of the Selma and Gulf railroad*,
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COBB. I should like very much to have
this bill put upon its passage, as my colleague is
very anxious to have it passed; but i hesitate my-
self to ask the House to do it. If, however, the
House has no objection to passing it now, I know
my colleague would be glad to have it passed.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that bill, and must therefore object to its
being put on its passage at this time.
Mr. COBB. Very well; let it go to the commit-
tee; and here is a bill from the gentleman's own
State, perhaps he will not object to that.
GRANT OP PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee,reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 321) to extend the pro-
visions of an act, entitled "An act granting public
lands in alternate sections to the States of Geor-
gia and Alabama, to aid in the c6nstruction of
certain railroads in said States," approved May
17, 1856, to the Georgia and Alabama Railroad
Company, incorporated by the Legislature of the
State of Alabama, by act thereof.
Mr. COBB. That is an important bill to the
State of Georgia, and I know that the delegation
from that State feci a deep interest in it. I have
no doubt he [Mr. Gartrell] would like to have
that bill passed.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to the bill being put
on its passage now.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and oidered to
1 be printed.
GRAND CHENIERE ISLAND.
Mr. COBB. I have a little bill here in which
my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Landrum] feels
an interest. It concerns public lands in his dis-
trict. He has not asked anything during the
present session, as he is a very modest-gentleman.
The bill simply provides for the approval, by the
Department, for surveys that have been made.
Several Members. Let the bill be reported.
Mr. COBB thereupon, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that it
do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 287) authorizing the
survey of Grand Chenieie Island, in the State of
Louisiana, as approved by the surveyor general,
and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and, being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANTS OF LAND TO RAILROADS.
Mr. COBB. I have another bill which I would
like to have passed, which I can explain to the
House in a moment.
Mr. ALLEY. Debate is out of order. I ob-
ject.
Mr. COBB. Oh, be patient. I am not going
to trust the bill to the hands of the House now,
unless itagrces to pass it; but I will state what it
is for the edification of the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Letthe gentleman send up
his bill. I object to his explaining it.
Mr. COBB. Then I wantthegentleman's con-
stituents to mark what the bill is.
Mr. DAVIDSON. What I object to is, tha
gentleman entertaining the House forhalf an hour,
instead of his sending up his bill at once.
Mr. COBB. Well, I will have the bill read for
information.
The bill was read, as follows:
A bill to amend the acts of Congress making grants of
lands for raikoad purpose*.
Be it enaetcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of shacrica, in Con^ms assembled,
That the alternate section-* reserved to the United States
along the line ofraihotuK oi other internal impiovomeuN,
to aid in the construction of which giants ot lauds have
been made by Conjno&s. shall, alter the same have been of-
fered at public i-aie und'T existing laws, be subject to entry
according to the provision** of an act of Congress appiov^d
Ausru-t A, 1854, entitled " An aet to graduate and icduce
the price ol the public lands to actual settleis and cultiva-
to!s,:3 ;vt double the price at which said lands were liable
to entiy under said act at the tune they were withheld tioia
sale, with a view to the adjustment of the said giant? re-
spectively.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, objected to
the bill being put on its passage.
Mr. COBB. Then I ask that the bill be recom-
1 mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
I ELIAS YULEE.
| Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Public
j Lands, made an adverse report on the petition of
f Elias Yulc-p, which was laid on the table and
I ordered to be printed.
