130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
not be removal; that is deep as the foundation of
mountains, pervading as the atmosphere.
Now, sir, disclaiming at once any desire to take
issue with the distinguished gentleman as to what
may b,e the state of things in his district, of which
he is far more competent than myself to judge,,
and conceding—because I have entire confidence
in his sincerity, as all must have recognized and
acknowledged his candor and frankness—that
he believes himself to be a true interpreter of
northern feeling, an imposing duty is devolved
upon those whose observations have led them to
a far different conclusion—upon those who believe
and who know that the sentiment of the northern
people is far otherwise—upon those who know
that throughout the length and breadth of the
North there beat millions of hearts devoted, not
only to the Union, but to the Constitution upon
which it rests, and who will never relinquish their
allegiance to it or be unmindful of those obliga-
tions with which that allegiance is inseparably,
connected, and without which an avowal of respect
for the Constitution would be hypocrisy, and
a fancied love for the Union would be a delu-
sion.
Sir, I believe that the view presented by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania of northern senti-
ment is as unfounded in point of fact, as the charges
which he makes, in the name of the North, as the
reasons for this state of feeling, are unjustifiable.
Allow me, sir, to glance at some of those charges.
He says tjiat the North charges upon the South
the violation of all covenants, compacts, compro-
mises. That charge is broad, general, and seri-
ous. It is easy to make such sweeping accusa-
tions in the name of a great section of the coun-
try. It is easy to make charges which impeach
history, which do the grossest injustice to great
and patriotic communities, and which, perhaps,
impeach some portions of the honorable record of
the gentleman himself. It is easy to make them,
sir. To refute them, requires an examination of
facts, a recurrence to history, and an amount of
detail which the patience of the House would not
tolerate, and upon which I am reluctant to enter.
They do not need to be refuted in the presence of
this intelligent assemblage of the Representatives
of the American people. But, sir, these charges,
made ill the name ofthe North—accusations against
r.he good faith of a portion of the Confederacy-
will go out and will be read by millions of men,
and among some of them may weaken affections,
attachments, otherwise strong and healthy. And,
while I would not be guilty of the disrespect to
the intelligence of the House to remind gt ntlemen
hero of familiar facts in the history of the coun-
try, to refute the propositions of the gentleman,
yet, sir, I do think it due to the occasion, due to
the universal attention now given to this broad
subject throughout the land, that some well-known
facts and historical truths, contradicted by the
statements and propositions of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, should be referred to. And, sir, I
shall be sufficiently rewarded if, by any exertions
in this direction, one humble man, at the North
or at the South, the East or the West, whose heart
boats warm with attachment to the Union and to
theflagnnd the Constitution of his country, whose
faith in the fidelity of either portion of the Union
may have been shaken by reading the accusations
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania—I shall be
satisfied if, by refuting them, as I propose to do,
I can revive in that single breast the old attach-
ment and the old fidelity to the country and its
laws and Constitution which he inherited from
his forefathers.
The gentleman says that the South gained slave
representation as one of the compromises in the
formation of the Constitution. Let me remind
the gentleman that the question of slavery had
nothing to do with southern representation upon
this floor. The South did not originate the in-
troduction of slaves as an clement of represent- i
ative population. The North required that dir j
rect taxation, when imposed, should be imposed j
upon the South,_ calculating three fifths of her j
sla-ses as population. That was the demand of
the entire North,
ti.rs of the South
It was resisted in some
3Utl
It was pressed by the North
us the only means of making the wealth of the
South taxable in a just ratio with the wealth of
the North. The South yielded this principle; and
when she yielded it, she then planted herself upon
the fundamental idea of the Revolution, and de-
manded^that representation should go with taxa-
tion.
The South conccdcd to the North that taxation
should be based upon population, calculating
three fifths ofthe slaves as population. She de-
manded and received from the North, I might
almost say, the undisputed and unquestioned rec-
ognition of the principle that if she was to be
taxed upon that basis, she had a right to be rep-
resented upon this? floor upon that same basis.
And in this demand, I repeat, sir, she stootl upon
the axiom ofthe Revolution, that taxation and rep-
resentation should together, and which was one
of the elemental principles which entered into the
conflict between England and the colonies. So
much, sir, for the origin of slave representation,
by which it is claimed that that section of the
Confederacy acquired superior rights, and that it
was upon southern demand and northern conces-
sion. I deny it; and history refutes it.
The South gained, also, the gentleman says,
the foundation for the fugitive slave law in the
provision of the Constitution which authorizes
that enactment. Sir, there was not in that con-
vention which formed the Constitution a dis-
senting voicc upon that clause -of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to pass a law for the
rendition of fugitives from service or justice—not
a dissenting voice. Every State voted for it. There
was no difference of opinion in that day upon this
duly, as an abstractquestion, quite outside of con-
stitutional obligation; for then there was no con-
stitutional {)iovision upon the subject. It was
considered and discussed by the framors of the
Constitution as an abstract question, a question
of r'ght and justice, the giving to one man <hat
which belonged to him, if it came into another's
possession, and he demanded its return. That
was the spirit in winch it was made; and I assert
that that provision was placed m the Constitution
by the unanimous vote of every State represented
in the constitutional convention. And, sir, I deny
that this, any more than the right of representa-
tion, was, in any sense of the woid, a bargain or
a compromise. I deny that anything was asked
by the North in return for it, or that it was
deemed at lluit time to be a concession.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] says, sir, that the South gained exemption
from taxes upon exports. That is something
quite new to me. How would the gentleman de-
sire to have the revenues raised ? How has Penn-
sylvania asked to have the revenues raised ? By a
taxation upon exports? No, I may be told, (>e-
cause that is prohibited by the Constitution, lh.it
has it not been considered by the Representatives
from Pennsylvania upon this floor, as long as any
of us can remember, that it is vital to her that the
revenues should be raised by taxes upon imports,
thereby giving to her industry the protection winch
is claimed to be vital to her prosperity ? A nd what
mockery is it, therefore, for a Representative of
Pennsylvania! labor and opinions, or of eastern
labor or opinions, to set up as a reproach upon
the one band, or as a suggestion of peculiar gain
upon the other, that the South enjoys an exemp-
tion from the duties upon exports. Would the
North agree to any such doctrine? Would Penn-
sylvania, or New England, or New York? No,
sir. It could not find, in my judgment, one hun-
dred advocates in either of those States or sections.
It has never had any advocates, and it never will.
He says that freedom, in return for all these
concessions of the North to the South, gained
only an implied promise that the slave trade
should cease after a certain period. And. putting
all these facts together, he says that this was the
first great compromise between the two sections
ofthe Union that the South has violated; that the
South gained slave representation; that she gained
the foundation for the fugitn e slave law; that she
gained exemption from' taxation upon exports:
and that, in return for these peculiar advantages,
freedom, impersonated,ashe claims,in the North,
gained only the implied promise that the slave
trade should cease after a certain period; and that
that implied promise had been violated. That
constitutes the proof of his first prhiupal ehaige
against the South. I wish to repel this fhaige
before the country; not that it is necessary in this
House, for I am quite aware that everything I
have said or propose to say upon this subject, is
entirely familiar to every gentleman I address;
but, sir, I desire the antidote to ten out tn the coun-
try with the poison. I desire the truth of history
to go out to my constituents along with the charges
which have been made, not only in their name,
but in the name of the whole North.
Allow mc to remind the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania—for surely he cannot be ignorant of the
fact—that the extension of the time within which
th# slave trade might be carried on was not a
southern measure; that it was not carried by the
votes of southern States. A committee of the con-
vention which framed the Constitution, represent-
ing eleven States out of thirteen, reported a prop-
osition that the slave trade should cease in 1800.
There it stood until Mr. Pinckney, of South Car-
olina, moved that the period should be extended
to 1808. The motion was seconded byMr.Gor-
ham, of Massachusetts, and was carried by the
votes of New Hampshire, Connecticut, and Mas-
sachusetts, along with four southern States and
against the votes of other southern States. Ikwas
not a southern measure, for it received as many
northern votes as it did southern. It was op-
posed by Mr. Madison; it was never favored, but,
on the contrary, was condemned by Mr. Jefferson,
who says, in his reference to the subject, that
frequently it was necessary to make these con-
cessions out of tenderness to our northern friends;
for the reason that, although not large slavehold-
ers themselves they were somewhat, extensively
engaged m the traffic. These are the facts. How,
then, can the gentleman sustain himself in the
position that this was a concession upon the part
of the South, for an equivalent; when, as I have
proved, no equivalent was asked or received, and
th^elause originally reported by eleven States, to
abolish the whole traffic in 1800,was extended upon
the motion seconded by Mr. Gorham, of Massa-
chusetts, and carried by three States from the
very section in whose name he spoke yesterday?
He says, however, that there was such a compact,
and that it has been violated, because southern
courts refuse to punish those who transgress the
law upon that subject. Sir, the gentleman gave
no proof of that charge, referred to no facts, to no
instance in which a southern couit had refused
to take cognizance of and punish a legally-ascer-
tained violation of the law against the slave trade,
and I do not think there is such an instance, i
am not aware of any. On the contrary, we havo
now in this city, or had yesterday, a person ar-
rested in the city of New York upon the requisi-
tion of the authorities of Georgia, in charge of
Marshal Ilynders, on his way to Georgia, to stand
his trial for an alleged violation of the law pro-
hibiting the slave trade.
Judge Wayne, I think it was, recently delivered
one of the ablest charges to a grand jury of his
circuit, that has ever fallen from the lips of any
jurist of this land, calling upon them to discharge
their duty in every instance where a violation of
the provisions of lliat act should be brought to
iheir notice. And, sir, it is not unknown—it
could not be unknown—that, although this traffic
may be, in particular instances and localities,
clandestinely carried on by those who yield to the
great temptations of pecuniaiy advantage which
it offers; yet it is the truth, the sad truth, that this
temptation is as often potential in the North and
East as it is in the South; that many expeditions,
all clandestine, all carefully secreted from the eyes
ofthe officers of the law, carefully kept out of the
public view, arc organized by capital, and carried
on m vessels built sometimes expressly for the
purpose, by persons m all sections of the Confeder-
acy—from the North and East certainly, and in all
probability from the South. I am noi repeating
jii wspapcr charges, but) am i< fernng to the rec-
ords of northern couits, to the investigations of
northern grand juries, and especiallv of those
which have fallen under my own immediate, obser-
vation in the city of New York. The late district
attorney of that district, Mr. McKeon, gave it as his
opinio]! in the court, that there were more expedi-
tions organized, fitted out, and sustained by north-
ern capital, than from any other portion of the
Union: and he declared it his duty, purpose, and
c.ini to ferret them out; and to his honor be it said,
he did, by his vigilance, energy, and incorruptible
integrity, do more to break down the organiza-
tions that existed in various portions; of the coun-
try to carry on that trade, than any other officer
of whom I have any recent knowledge or informa-
tion. That the traffic, extensive as it was, was
broken up, at all events to a great extent, I be-
