2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
appropriation for the completion of the capitol j
buildings in New Mexico and Nebraska. 1 key
are the only items of this bill which, in my judg-
ment, ought to pass. They will come up in their
regular order when we come to consider the ap-
propriation bills. I therefore .move that this bill
be laid on the table; as I believe that, in respect
to all other items in it, it ought not to pass.
Mr. OTERO. This is not the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means 
Mr.BINGHAM. 1 object to debate, the main
question having been ordered.
Thfc question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agfeed to.
So the bill was laid on the tabic.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
The SPEAKER announced the next question
to be, Will the House now consider the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes?]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. On that I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 9(j; as follows:
YEAri—Messrs. Thomas? L. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale,
Barrett, Beule, Bonhum, Boteler, Boyce, Branch, Bristovv,
Buich, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, John Cochiane,
Cooper, Crawtoid, John G. Davis, Florence, Gamott, Gar-
trell. Hawkins, Uohnan, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Ken-
yon,'Kilsorc, Kunkiil, Lamat, Landrum, Lumtbee, James
M. Leach, Logan, Longneckcr, Love, Maelay, McUueen,
Mile*, Milhvard, Mont<roni''iy, Isaac N. Moms, Noell,
I'hcipb, Portf'i, Potter, Piu?b, Uuailc^, Rc\i<ian, James C.
ltobuiMm, Ratlin, Rust, Scoff, Singleton, William .Smith,
Sfallworlh, Stevenson, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Undet-
wood, Vance, Ellihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wils^i,and
Wood-on—06.
NAYS—Me^sis. Chailcs F.Adams, Green Adams Al-
drich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Bab-
bitt, Bingham, Brayton, Bii«g^,BtU!inton,Buinharu,
Butteitii'ld, Campbell, (Jol)b, Coliax, Conklntg, Oovodc,
Cox, Curus, U. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dueli,
Dunn, Kdgoiton, Edward^, Eliot, Ely, Ethcridge, Fenton,
Ferry,Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Goooh, Giuvv, Hale,
Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Ilarn^ Hatton,
Holraick. Hickman, Ilughes, Humphiey, IIutcliiiH, Iiv,ne>
Juukin, Francis XV. Ke!lo££, DeWitt C. Leael), Lee,
Lodini-, Loveioy, Malloiv, Mawton, Charles D. Maitln,
McKean, MeKmplit, Mcl'her.^on, Italian 'J'. Moore. Moor-
head, Alomll, Edward Joy Mori in Moim;, Nixon. Pendle-
ton, J'euu, Pejton, Pottle, Rice, Kijjkn Chri^mplier Robin-
son. Ro> ee, Sclivvaitz, Ser.inton, Shrnnan. William N. H.
Smith, Spmnei, Stanton, Stokes, Stiauon/fappan,Tomp-
kins, Train, Tumble, Wade, Waidron, Walton, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wmdom, and YVoodruU'—90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. HICKMAN stated that Mr. Hasiun had
paired with Mr. Htndmvn till this day week.
Mr ANDERSON, of Kentucky, stated that
Mr. ICeitt was paired with Mr. Stewart, of
Pennsylvania, for to-day.
Mr. NIfiLACK stated that lie was paired with
Mr. Case for to-day.
it was stated that Mr. Burlivgame was paired
with Air. Martin, of Virginia, through this week.
Mr. POTTLE stated that he had bre*i paired
with Mr. E\h;lisii; but lie had transferred Mr.
English's pair to Mr. Van Wyck. Xfe would
therefore vote no."
Mr. VALLANDICHAM stated that he was
paired with Mr. Ashley till Monday next ut
twelve o'clock.
Mr.BRABSON stated that if he had bot*n present
when his name was called, he would have voted
" ay."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that Afr.
Leake was paired with Air. Thaykr.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that lie v/as paired
until to-morrow with Mr. Wood.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, asked that the
re*jdimr of the names be dispensed with.
Mr.GARTRELL objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on the motion of Air.
Dawes, to proeecd to the consideration of the
Michigan contested-election case; on which the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
Air. DAWES, i would [ike to inquire of gen-
tlemen on the other side what objection they have
to taking up this question to-day, with the under-
standing that the vote shall not he taken until to-
morrow?
Mr. LAMAR. Because our side is not pre-
pared to debate it, and did not anticipate debate
this evening.
Mr. DAWES. Notice was given two or three
days ago that the question would be called up
to-day.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Al-
dricli, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Bing-
ham, Clair, Blake, Boteler, Brabson, Brayton, Bnggs,
Buffinton, Burnliam, Buttcrfield, Campbell, Oarey, Clark
B. Cochrane, Colfax, Conklmg., Covodo, Curtis, II. Wmtei
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Frank,
French, Gilmer, Gooeh, Grow, Hale, Hardeman, J. Morri-
son Harris, Hatton, Helmick, Hickman, Hill, Ilutchins,
irvme, Junkin, Kenyon, DeWitt C. Leach, James M.
Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Looinis, Lovejoy, Marston,
McKeart, McKnighf, MePherson, Montgomery, Laban T.
Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed ward Joy Morris, Morse. Nel-
son, Nixon, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Potter, Pottle,
Quarles, llice, Christopher Robinson, Roycc, Schwaitz,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, William N. II. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stokes, Stratton, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Wade, Waidron, Walton, Eliihu B.
Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
and Woodruff—102.
NAYS—Messis. Allen,Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Barksdale, Barrett, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Bristow,
JUuch, Buinett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cox, James Craig, Ciavvibrd, JohnG. Davis, Florence,
Gamett, Gartrell, John T. Hairis, Ilolman, Houston,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Kunkcl, Lamar, Land rum, Lai-
rabee, Logan, Love, Maclay, MalJory, Charles D. Martin,
McQueen, Miles, Millson, Isaac N. Morris, Noel, Peyton,
Phelps, Fugh, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Ruffin,
Rimt, Seott, Smglcton, William Smith, Stallwoith, Steven-
son, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, and
W oodson—61.
So the House decided to take up the question
of the Michigan contested-election case for con-
sideration.
Daring the vote,
Air. BRANCH said: After conference with
some gentlemen on this side of the House, who
feel some interest in this question, I desire to say
this: I believe that gentlemen on the other side
are ready to go on with the debate on this ques-
tion . Gentlemen on this side are not ready, but will
be ready to-morrow. Now, I suggest that the sub-
jectbe takenup as proposed, and that, after one or
two speechesshall have been made on the other side
thisevening, the question shall go over till to-mor-
iow, in order that some gentlemen on this side
may have an opportunity of being heard.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can agree
to nothing that will prevent the House from taking
up the steamboat bill to-morrow.
Mr. KIJNKEL. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BRANCH. I made the suggestion at the
request of gentlemen on this side. I now with-
draw it.
Atr, HUGHES said: Mr. Speaker, I have lent
myself, over and over again, to certain filibuster-
ing movements in this House. I will never do so
again so long as I have a seat here. I have been
kept hero sometimes for two hours doing no busi-
ness. If gentlemen on my own side or on the
other side of the House are not present, I am still
for going on with the business of Congress; and
I repeat, that I never will again join in these fili-
bustering movements, as they are called—calls of
the House, calls of the yeas and nays, and so on.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
Alr.THEAKER stated that ho was paired with
A!r. Davidson; otherwise he would have voted
"ay."
Air. HOWARD stated that he was paired with
Air. Gun.
Air. BONHAM stated that he had voted inad-
vertently on the last vote. Pic would not vote on
this question, because he was paired with Mr.
Keli.ogg, of Illinois; otherwise he would have
voted in the negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Air. DAWES obtained the floor.
Air. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to indulge me for a moment.
Air. DAWES. For what purpose?
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to ask the House to have
a day certain set apart for calling up the Pacific
railroad bill.
Air. GARNETT. I object to that; it is entirely
out of order.
Atr. CURTIS. I would mention that, unless J
have the privilege of doing it on Monday, it will
be impossible for me to have a day set apart for
the consideration of this business. It has been
resisted every time I tried to get it done.
Mr. GARNETT. I call the gentleman to order.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. Iask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to give way to me for a moment. I hold
in my hand the annual post route bill. I desire to
have it passed and sent to the Senate before the
Post Oflicc appropriation -bill is sent there. The
post route bill failed entirely last year, by a con-
flict between the two Houses. I trust there will
be no conflict on it this session. If members wish
to have the post route bill passed, it should be
passed to-day. There is not a route in the bill
that has not been certified to be necessary by
members of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. The necessity for the passage
of-this bill is a very good reason why the House
should not have proceeded to-day with this con-
tested-election case. I believe the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] himself voted that the
House should now proceed to the consideration
of the Michigan election case.
• Mr. COLFAX. Gentlemen may do just aa
they please. The routes contained in this billare
routes recommended by members of Congress,
and it is their business as much as mine.
Mr. PHELPS. For my part, 1 am willing to
have it passed.
There being no objection, a bill establishing
certain post routes was read a first and seconti
time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and^ being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana, whether this is a bill
establishing post routes that have been recom-
mended by members of the House ?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes; and it contains none
other except those that have been so recommended.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object to the bill being put
upon its passage before it is printed. I have known
former bills of this character to have some very
objectionable features introduced.
Mr. COLFAX. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia tluit there are no overland routes in
this bill—none whatever.
Mr. GARNETT. As the gentleman gives me
that assurance, I will not objeet.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE—AGAIN.
Mr. BOYCE. Is it the understanding that no
vote shall be taken on the question to-day >
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that the ordinary
course of debate on this question would render it
impracticable to take the question to-night. I
propose to go on and make a brief statement in
regard to the case, and then I will leave it entirely
with the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts when he proposes to
ask a question to be taken on this election case,
in order that the House may dispose of it?
Mr. DAWES. It is ray intention to get a full
vote upon this question; and it would be impos-
sible, in the ordinary course of debate, to get a
vote before to-morrow.' If, however, gentlemen
shall be satisfied, and desire to take tlic vote to-
night, I shall not interfere.
Mr. BARKSDALE I propose that we take
the vote to-morrow, atone o'clock, so that gen-
tlemen may know when to be here. [Cries of
"No!" "No!"]
Mr. DAWES. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. There is objection; and the
gentleman from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire that some def-
inite hour shall be named fois the vote, so that
gentlemen may be here. I name three o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. ETHEPJDGE. It is understood that
there will be no vote to-night. I am very sure
that gentlemen upon the other side desire to be
heard upon this question, and they will not be
able to discuss it before one o'clock.
