!1 wo
THE concessional GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not call for the reading
of die papers. They were read in 'committee', and,
so far as X am concerned, I voted for the bill.
. The bill was ordered -to be engrossed and read
frtftird timfe;'and being engrossed, it was subse-
quently read the third time, and passed:
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and ailso moved to
lay the motion to reconsider: on Ate table
The latter motion was, agreed to.
• MESSAGE FROM SHE SENATE.
, A, message.was received.from the Senate, by Mr.
Hie key, their Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had passed an act to constitute
Tampa Bay, in the State of Florida, a port of do-
livery; also, an act to amend "An act to establish a
court for the investigation of claims against the
United States," approved February 24, 1855; 111
which he was directed to request the concurrence
of the House.
DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, also reported a bill to authorize the
district judges of the United States to act out of
their districts in certain cases, and moved to put
it upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever any district judge of the United States shall
file in the offices of the clerks of the district and
circuit courts of his district a consent in writing,
under his hand, that his judicial duties may be
performed ari,d discharged by the district judge of
any fither"district or districts to be therein named,
the district judge of the district, or either of the
districts so named, shall liave power to sit in and
hold any circuit or district «ourt in the district of
the judge signing such consent, at any stated, ad-
journed, or special term or session thereof, with
the same authority, powers, and duties, that might
have been exercised or discharged therein by the
district judge by whom such consent shall have
been sighed, until such consent shall be with-
drawn and vacated by an order in writing, signed
by the judge signing such consent, or, in case of
his death, or other vacancy in the office, by his
successor, and duly filed in the offip.es of the clerks
of the district and circuit courts; and. while such
consent -shall remain in force as aforesaid, the
district ittdge of any district therein designated
BlmH, whilst in the district of-the judge signing
Such consent, .have and possess, and may at his
discretion cxe'rcisc, all the powers, and perform
and discharge all the judicial duties, of district
judge of the district of the judge signing such con-
sent; and that all acts and proceedings before the
courts so held, and all other acts and proceedings
by or before any district judge so acting out of
hia own district, shall have "the same validity,
force, and effect, as if done and performed by and
before the district judge of the district in which
such consent shall have been filed; but that no
district judge,actingout of his own district under
the provisions of the law, shall thereby become
entitled to any allowance, compensation, or ex-
penses to be paid by the United States.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would like to hear from
some member of the Committee on the Judiciary
an explanation of the provisions of this bill. It
provides for bestowing powers upon a judge
within the judicial district of another judge, on
filing the consent of the latter, and -without any
application. It looks to me as though it might
enable any judge of a United States court to shirk
his own duty, and throw it upon the shoulders of
some judge from other districts.
Mr. BINGHAM. It ought to have occurred,
1 submit with all respect, to the gentleman, that
the laws already existing provide a sufficient pro-
tection against any United States judge shirking
his duties. This bill is necessary; for it often-
times happens, by'reason of the sickness of a
judge of a district court of the United States, that
the public business canno.t proceed. This bill is
intended to provide against any occurrence of that
kind, and to enable a district judge of any given
district, who is alone authorized by existing laws
to hold the courts within his district, by his cer-
tificate, if the public interests require it, to appoint
another district judge, who, by the provisions of
this bill, if passed, will have authority to transact
the public business of that district, which other-
wise might lernain suspended for an indefinite
period. It ought to occur at once to every one,
upon this statement of the case; that such a bill
is absolutely necessary.
Mr. NOE1L.L. 1 desire to say to the gentleman
from Ohio, thatif such is the'objectof the bill, the
provisions of the bill ought to have looked to that
object. As I ifliderstand the provisions of the bill,
it give's a general and sweeping power to one dis-
trict judge to confer 'his authority upon another
judge, out ofhis district, at his discretion. If this
is to be permitted, a judge may go into all the dis-
tricts surrounding his, and confer power upon
other judges to supply his place. If the design
of the bill is to provide for the contingency to
which the gentleman from Ohio refers, the'bill
ought to look to that particular object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave of the gentleman
from Missouri to make a suggestion, which ought
to satisfy him that the bill contemplates no such
result.
Mr. NOELL. I do not desire to be undersfood
as saying that such was'the intention of. the fra-
mers of the bill, but that such would be the effect
of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill provides that the
appointee, thus selected by a district judge to hold
his court, shall receive no compensation what-
ever for his services. What motive could judges
have to serve in that way, except to discharge
faithfully their duty as judges, and promote the
public interests?
Mr. NOlSLL. I think the principle of the bill
is objectionable, and that the result will be bad.'
Mr. HICKMAN. I suppose I shall hardly be
heard to-day; but I will suggest a single reason
for the passage of this bill, in addition to the rea-
sons already given by my colleagut upon the com-
mittee, [Mr. Bingham.] It is, that there area
number of local laws very much of the same
force and effect as that which is now proposed by
this bill. Judges occasionally find it absolutely
necessary to make application for laws of this
kind, applicable to their own particular districts.
I think the House will see that there is a neces-
sity for conferring such a power as that which
this bill contemplates, upoa judges of the United
States in many cases. I think they will see that,
inasmuch as occurrences Of that kind, calimg for
that power, must necessarily arise, as they have
heretofore, it is a great deal better to provide for
them by a general law, than to have applications
made here extending that power in particular
cases.
Mr. HUMPHREY. _ I would like to ask the
chairman of the Judiciary Commiltee whether
there is not now a provison by which, upon the
recommendation of the Attorney General, a dis-
trict judge may assign to another judge the power
of holding courts 111 ins district? It has lo#g been
a custom for the district judges of the State of
Connecticut, and of the judges ofthe northern dis-
trict of New York, to hold courts in the southern
district of New York. It is a practice which has
prevailed a long time in the. city of New York,
and, I presume, notwithoutsomeauthority.oflaw."
If a provision for this purpose already exists,
and it is now under the control of some proper
authority, as that of the Attorney General, or the
President of the United States, it seems to me
that it is much better than to allow this change to
be made at any time upon the certificate of a dis-
trict judge.
Mr. BRANCH. There is no part of the legis-
lation of this country that I would touch with
more caution and delicacy than that relating to
the judiciary. I believe that the present judiciary
act has received scarcely any essential amend-
ment since it was drawn up by Chief Justice
Ellsworth, as long ago as 179G. Experience, under
it has proved the wisdom of the act; so much so,
that while scarcely any other legislation Of the
country has been able to stand for five years with-
out being pulled to pieces, in order to suit the
whims of Congress, this act of Chief Justice Ells-
worth has stood the test of time. I confess, sir,
that I feel some reluctance to amend such an act
without a little more consideration than we have
an opportunity to give to it here.
I can well conceive, as stated by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, that
there may be cases in which it is important to the
public interests, ahd highly important to private
interests, that there may be no denial of justice to
parties, that one district judge should have the
power of substituting another district judge in his
place; but ought not the bill to provide that that
substitution shall only be made in a case in which
the district judge properly belonging to the district
io unable to attend to the case by reason of sick-
ness,' absence, or some other disability?
I am not prepared to pass judgment on this
bill.' I have great confidence in the opinion of
the Judiciary Committee about matters relating
strictly to the judiciary; but I confess that, before
this judiciary act' is amended in a particular so
essential,I would rather that there should be time
for discussion and amendment. I think, there-
fore, that the bill had better be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
in order that we may discuss and amend it, and
hear it discussed by the members of the Judiciary
Committee themselves. I make the motion that
the bill bereferred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and bo printed.
Mr. HICKMAN. There is no disposition on
the part of the Judiciary Committee to force the
passage of this bill. They were unanimous in
recommending its passage, believing that no such
law existed as that spoken of by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Humphrey.] I am per-
fectly willing, however, that the motion made by
the gentleman from North Carolina shall prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Branch's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of.the
Whole on the'state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
HON. W. H. KEIM.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report on the memo-
rial of the Hon. William H. Keim, in reference to
his pay as a member of the second session ofthe
Thirty-Fifth Congress;-which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
THOMAS C. WARE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a joint resolution
for the relief of Thomas C. Ware, and to ask tlio
House to put the same upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I will ask that the resolution be put upon
its passage now; and if gentlemen will hear me
for a moment, I think no member will feel obliged
to make any objection to its passage. I ask for
the reading: of the resolution.
The resolution was read. It directs the payment
to Thomas C. Ware, of Cincinnati, Ohio, of the
sum of &1,500, ill full for services rendered by him
to the Government of the United States, at the
request of the United States district attorney of
Ohio, in the case of the United States vs. Lyman
Cole et al., indicted and tried in the United States
court of Ohio, in the October term of 1853.
Mr. BySTGHAM. 1 beg leave to say that the
resolution is -reported unanimously by the com-
mittee; and I ask thati,t may now, by general con-
sent, be put upon its passage, for the reason that
it is for the payment of a suspended fee earned six
years ago, and which was not paid, for the sim-
ple reason that the district attorney of the United
States, who employed additional counsel under
the existing statute, neglected to notify the Secre-
tary ofthe Interior, in pursuance of the require-
ments of the statute, of his employment, and of
the amount stipulated to be paid. Under the ex-
isting law, he could not pay it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROHIBITION OE POLYGAMY.
Mr. NELSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass,' a bill to punish and
prevent the practice of polygamy in the Territo-
ries of the United States and other places, and dis-
approving and annulling certain acts of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah. I am
instructed by the committee to ask that the bill
be put upon its passage, and to £sk the previous
question upon it
