2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
" Answer. He was. Gerome & Swift, attorneys, had
him anested, and he came to m? to go 1ns bail.
u Question. Did you become his bail?
(i Jinswer 1 did. This was just before election.
" Question. Do you know of any arrangement made with
Orvi«! that, as one of the considerations of yonr going his
bail, he should procure persons living out of the ward to
come there to vote ?
''Jltiswer. I refuse to answer the question.
" Question. I mean did you know of an arrangement
with him to procuie men to come into the ward to vote the
Democratic ticket?
" Jinswer. I refuse to answer that question.
" Question. When you bailed Orvis, was it the under-
standing that he should remain in the fifth ward and get
persons residing out of the ward to come into it to vote the
Democratic ticket?
"vttnstfer. At the time I bailed him therp was an under-
standing that he should remain in the fifth ward, but there
was no other understanding at that time.
" Question. Was theie &uch an understanding subse-
quently?
'* Jinswer. 1 icfusc to answei the question.
" Question. Do you know David A. Smith, the witness
who has been sworn in tins case?
" Jinswer. 1 do.
" Question. Did you see him frequently during the day of
election mound the polls?
" cv. I did.
" Question. What is his business?
^Jinswct. Broom maker.
" Question. Did he frequently come up to the polls with
squad* of voters ?
*2rtsic«T-. I saw him frequently come up with three or
four voters.
" Question. At cacli time when he came up with voters,
did lie not cry out,' Make way lor the broom-makers?'
''jinsweu li^ fiequently did so duiing the day.
" Question. Was Mi. Smith, or any other person, told by
you that day how to manage the voters brougiit up by
Oivis ?
(l*d)iswcr. 1 have no answer to make as to what I said
to Smith; but 1 had no talk with any other person on the
BUbjtfCt.
<< Question. Did >ou learn from Orvis that the persons,
whom he brought there to vote were not residents of the
waul, but were lesidents oi Canada, and other places out
of the ward ?
"■Jlnswei. I refuse to answer this question.
" Qmcj/mi. After election, what became of Mr. Orvis?
"Jinswer. in a day or two 1 gave lum upon the bail
piece.
4k Question. Did he leave the waid immediately?
iljlnswei. lie did; and fjiave not seen him since.
" Question. Why did you surrender him up?
" Jinswer. Beeaubc I was alraid he would leave me in
the luieh.
u Cross-eawmnafton.
u Question. Did you wi«h Orvis to remain In the ward
tliat he might vote,or that you imghi keepawatehon him?
" Jinswa. To keep a watch on him.
" Question. To whom did you first teil what you know
of thi-* matter?
.Answer. 1 never have told all I know about' tkis elec-
tion.7'
Now, Mr. Speaker, in reference to those twen-
ty-five votos, I am frank to say, that in my opin-
ion, there is no positive clear testimony, direvtly
from witnesses, to establish their whereabouts,
but it is perfectly evident, from the testimony of
these witnesses, that nobody can fail to see, from
what this man refuses to say, as well as the other
testimony, that Orvis was employed by him to
obtain these votes, and that it was a consideration
in bailing him out on the part of Stowel, that he
should bring as many persons as possible into
this ward to vote for the Democratic candidate.
I entertain myself no doubt about it. I have
read to the House a portion of the testimony, and
I leave it to members to consider and pass upon
it as shall be deemed best.
lint whether the House consider those twenty-
five votes or notas illegal, does not vary the ques-
tion; for without these twenty-five votes, it is
clearly established by other evidence that more than
the seventy-live majority returned for the sitting
member were illegal votes. There were fourteen
votes cast in another ward, in reference to which
there does not seem to be any ground of doubt
that they were fraudulent—one vote in the sev-
enth ward, two m the eighth ward. There were
two votes at the town of Grosse Pointe, I think
it was—a township outside of the city of De-
troit—about which the evidence before the com-
mittee was quite as clear. There were four votes
at another place. In all, the report shows one
hundied and six illegal votes cast for the sitting
member, including the twenty-live votes to which
I have already referred; so that, upon the ground
t>f illegal votes sustained by single challenges and
by the proof applicable to them all, the commit-
tee would have been bound, were there no other
ground of contest, to have reported the resolu-
tion:; fhut they have to the House.
There woie other grounds, Mr. Speaker, and one
of them is this: by the law of the State of Michi-
gan, each township is required to fix the place of
holding its special and general township meetings
for the ne xt year after the April annual town meet-
ing. At the town of Grosse Pointe it had been the
custom, by a vote of the town, to hold the town
meeting alternately on one of two parallel roads
which ran through the town. One year the town
meeting was to be held on one road and the next
on the other. At the spring election in 1858, they
determined tohold thcelection at the house of one
Michael Kline, upon one of these roads. He was
a tavern-keeper. Between that time and the hold-
ing of the election in November, a new tavern
was established two miles from Kline's, by one
Wilson. It was the object of that new tavern to
get the custom of as many of the electors of the
town as possible, and the tavern-keeper there was
desirous of having the town meeting held at his
house. He went and made an arrangement with
Kline, the keeper of the other tavern, giving him
five dollars to lethim have the election at his place.
After he had made that arrangement he went to
the su pervisor of the town, or the town authorities,
and they acquiesced in it.
There was some evidence thai notice to that
effect was given. That evidence, however, was
unceitain. There was considerable evidence that
the voters went to Kline 's, and finding that no
voting was taking place there, went to the other
tavern. The matter was afterwaids much talked
about, and there was a difficulty respecting it,
and a consultation with lawyers. The committee
came to the conclusion that, inasmuch as the
place at which this election was to be held, under
the law, was Kline's, that the arrangement for
another place was void, even though it was ac-
quiesced in by the overseers or supervisors, or
whatever may be the name of the board of town
officers. It was a material departure from the
law to hohI the place of election at any other
place than Kline's. If it were competent to change
the place of election to a place two miles off from
the regular place, then it was competent to remove
it ten miles off. If it were competent to change
the place, it was competent to change the time.
It would have been just as competent to have
changed it to the day previous, or the day after-
wards, or to any other day that the town authori-
ties saw fit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry.
Has there been any evidence that any citizen of
the township of Grosse Pointe was deprived of
his vote in consequence of the change3
Mr. DAWKS. There was not. The arrange-
ment was made between the two tavern-keepers,
and it was claimed that the town authorities acqui-
esced nt it. There is no evidence of any person
having gone to Kline's, and because not finding
any voting place there refusing to go to the other
] ihtce.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any evidence of any
persons having gone to Kline's with the expecta-
tion of finding polls there ?
Mr. DAWES. So far as my recollection serves
me, there was evidence of persons who went to
Kline, and were informed, as ascertained m some
way, that the election place was changed to Wil-
son 's.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee went upon
the idea that when the properly-constituted au-
thorities had, by law, fixed a proper place for
holding the election there it must be held, and that
it could not be changcd to a place two miles dis-
tant by the connivance of two tavern-keepers or
of anybody else. Whether parties were deprived
from voting or not, we did not inquire. They
may, and th<*y may not have been. The place
fixed upon by law for holding the election is the
place where it must be held, and if it be held any-
where else it is nothing but a town meeting,
Mr. DAWES. I will read the language of the
law:
''The annual and special township mccfin^s shall sever-
ally be held at the place in the township wheie the laxt an-
nual township meeting was held, or at such other place
therein as shall have been ordered at a pievious meeting;
or where theic has been no such previous meeting, at such
place as shall be directed in the act or pioeeedmg by which
the township was organized, unless it shall,m either case,
become inconvenient to do &o.
" Whenev< r it shall become inconvenient to hold a town-
ship meeting at the place designated theiefor, the board of
inspectors, oi a majority of them, after having assembled
at or as near as practicable to such place, and opened the
meeting, and before receiving any vote*, may adjourn said
meeting to the nearest convenient place for holding the
same; and at such adjourned place forthwith proceed with
the meeting."
The statute then provides that a constable shall
be placed at the first place, and remain there,
whose duty it shall be to inform all citizens that
art adjournment has taken place. This is all the
authority the statute of Michigan gives to the
board of town officers over the place of meeting.
Whenever, in their judgment, it is inconvenient
to meet at the particular place, they must meet at
or as near that place as possible, and there adjourn
the meeting, before taking a vote, to some other
place as near as practicable. Instead of that, this
board of officers, if they took any action at all—
which is not very clear—acquiesced in an ar-
rangement made between two tavern-keepers; and
if any notice was given beforehand that the meet-
ing would be held, it was, that it was to bo held
two miles off, and was done without any meeting
being held at the place appointed, or at a place as
near as convenient, and without any adjournment
being had to such place.
The answer made to all that is this: that the
town clerk has authority by law to fix the'place
of holding town meetings for election purposes;
and that he did fix the place of holding these meet-
ings. The answer includes this: that the law,
which I read, applies only to the township meet-
ings, and the annual meeting for the transaction
of business I will read the section, and the
House can see the force of the answer:
"The annual and special township meetings shall sev-
erally be held at the place in the township where the last
annual township meeting was held, or at such other place
therein aa shall have beenoidered at a pievious meeting,"
&e.
Now, the argument of the sitting member is,
that the words ''annual and special township
meetings " refer to the meeting for town business
only, and not to meetings for general elections, or
elections for State officers and members of Con-
gress. If that be so, the statutes of Michigan are
entirely silent as to who shall appoint a place for
holding the meetings at which State officers and
members of Congress are to be elected. Here is
all the authority for fixing the place of holding
any meetings in townships at all:
"The annual and special township meetings shall ser
erally be held at the place in the township where the last
annual township meeting was held, oi at such other place
therein as shall have been ordered at a previous meeting,"
&.C.
That is all that is said about where township
or any other meetings shall be held. There is a
provision of the statute which authorizes a notice
of a State election and an election for members of
Congress to be sent to the town clerk, and when
the town clerk has received those notices, he has
a duty to perform. The statute is as follows:
uSec. 35. The Secretary of State shall, between the 1st
day of July and the 1st day of Septembei preceding a gen-
eial < Iceiion, direct and cause to be delivered to the sheriff
of eaeh county in this State, a notice m writing that at the
nuvt general election there will be cho«en as many of the
following officeis as are to be elected at such general elec-
tion, viz: a Governor, &c., and u Representative m Con-
gress lor the district to which each of such countics shall
belong."
uSkc. 39. The sheriff, upon receiving such notice, shall
forthwith cause a notice in writing to be delivered to the
township clerk in each town&hip, and to one or the in-
spectors o/ election in each waul in any city of his county,
which notice shall contain, in substanec,the notices so re-
ceded by such sheriff."
41. The township clerk or inspector of elections
receiving either of the notices so described in tins act to be
delivered to him, shall, by notice in writing, under his hand,
give sit lca.it ten days' notice to the electors of the township
or w ird of the lime and place at which such election is to
be held, and the officers to be chosen, &,e."
Now, the argument of the sitting member is,
that the statute which requires the town clerk to
give notice of the time and place of holding those
elections, authorizes him not only to give notice
of the time and place, but to fix the place. The
language of the statute is this:
a The township clerk, or inspector of elections, receiving
either of the notices dnected in this act to he delivered to
him, shall, by notice in writing under his hand, give at least
ten days' notice to the electors of the township or ward of
the time and place at which such election is to be held and
the officers to be chosen."
So the law is absolutely silent upon the ques-
tion as to who shall fix the place, unless the law
1 have quoted authorizes the town to fix it. It
no more authorizes the clerk to fix the place
than it does to fix the time; for all the authority
given to him applies as much to the time as it
does to the place. He shall "give notice of the
time and place." The time is fixed by statute,
and the place is fixed by the town at its previous
meeting; and unless it requires it to be fixed by
