3040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
son, H. Winter Davis, Dawes. DeJamette, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Famsworth, Florence,
Foster, Foukc, Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurlcy, Hale,
Hall, Uamdton, J. Morrison Harris, Ilelmick, Hmdman,
Hoard, William Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Iiutchins,
Irvine, Junktn, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lonsmeckcr, Loomis,
Maelay, JVIallory, Mareton, Charles D. Martin, MeKean,
Miliward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris,
Nelson, Niblack, OUn, Pendleton, Perry, Peyton, Phelps,
Porter, Potter, Quailes, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Somes,
Spinner, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stiatton,
Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Trimble, Vallandig-
ham, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Walton, Cad-
walader 0. Washburn,Elhhu B. Wasiiburne, Israel War>h-
bnrn, Webster, Wells, Wlnteley, Window, Woodruff, and
Woodson—120.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. SHERMAN said he was requested to state
that Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Etherisge, were absent upon a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. KEITT stated that Mr. Miles was paired
oft'with Mr. Rice.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on concurring with the Senate upon that amend-
ment.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 trust not; we have had one
test vote.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Missis. Chailos F Ad.mw, Otcen A.danw, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Andeison, Funet.s P. JU.ui, Blake,
Bouligny, liiab>on, Ur.ijton, Uiigg^, Hullinton, I.tneh,
Burlingame, Butteitiold, Caiey, Case, John B. Cl.u k, John
Coehiane, Colfax, Coiwin, Covode, James Ciais, Cmtis,
Davidson, Dawci, Delano, Dunn, E.-iwaid-;, Eliot,
Ely, l-Jnghsh, Fatnswoith, Flosenet', Fosum, Foukc,
French, Goooh, Giow, Guilcy, Hall, Hamilton, lU-hmek,
Hnulman, Iiutchins, Irvine, Junkm, Fiancis W. Kellogu,
William Kellogg, Lee, Love, Maelay, Marion, Klbeit S.
Martin, McKean,Millwaid, Laban T. Moore, Edward Joy
M(  ns,01in, l'eny, Phelps, Potter, Chu^topher Kobinsoti,
Scott, Sickles, Somes, William Stewait,Stiatfon, Tappan,
Thayer, Vandevei, Van Wjck, Walton, Oiidwul.ulcr C.
Washburn, J^lhhu JL Washbumc, Isiad YW-bbui n, Web
fiter, Wells, Wlnteley, Windom, Wood, and WoodrulV—8JJ.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley. Ashmore,Avery, Habbitt, Barr,
Iicalc, Bingham, Samuel S. BUur, Ilocock, Bonham,
Bianch, Nristow, Burnett, Bumham, Campbell, Horace F.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Cox, Button <;raige, (.'tawioul,
Uinry,ll. Winter Davis, John G. Davis Reuben Davi^, J)e
Jaruettc, Edgerton, EdmumKon, Fonton, Kenv, Gained,
G.utrell, (iihnoi, Ilaideman, J. Moirison Uauis, John T.
Harri*, Ha^kin, flatton, Hill, Iloaul, liolman, Houston,
William Howaul, William A. IIoumkI, Hughes, Iluni
phrey, Jenkins, Jones, Kenyon, Kilnoie, Killmger, Ivunkcl,
Landium, James M. Leach, Leake, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mal-
Joiv, Chailes O. Mama, iMayuaid, McKnight, McPhei^on,
MfUneen, Millson, Montaomeiy, Svdenliain Moore, Mooi -
hrad, Moruil, J^aae N. Morih, Nelson, Niblack, iVi\on,
Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Portei, Pijor, Pngh. Quatles,
Reagan, Rigsis, James C. Robin-on, Royce, Rutfm, Sher-
man, Singleton, William Smith, William N. 11. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, Stoke*, Tavlor, Theaker,
Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Undeiwood, Vallandighatn,
Vance, Verreu, Wade, Wilson, and Wiight—104.
So the House refused to concur with the Sen-
ate amendment.
During the call,
Mr. McPMKRSON stated that Mr. Hickman
had been culled home, and had paired off.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE SLAYE TRADE.
Senate hill No. 4G4, to amend an act entitled
"An act in addition to the acts prohibiting the
slave trade," with the following resolution:
Ilesolrcd, That the Senate agree to the second and dis-
agree to the first amendment ot the House of Representa-
tive.* to the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House
recede from its disagreement with the Senate.
The amendments are merely formal.
The motion was agreed to.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
House bill No. 44, confirming certain land en-
tries under the third section of act of 3d March,
3655,entitled "An act making appi opnations foi
the service of the Post Office Department during
the year ending June 30, 1856," with the amend-
ments of tlie Senate thereto,
Mr. COBB. I move that the House insist on
their disagreement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand now that we
have come to private bills, which cannot be acted
upon without reference. I therefore move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. ENGLISH. Ihopenot. I thinkwe ought
to finish the business on the Speaker's table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, noti-
fying the House that the Senate had passed the
bill making appropriations for fortifications and
other works of defense, with sundry amendments;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand that the amend-
ments which the Senate has made to the light-
house bill are: first', that they have struck out a
section appropriating $150,000; and second, that
they have added an amendment appropriating
about one hundred and fourteen dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Are these all
the amendments ?
Mr. ELIOT. These are all. I move that the
House concur in the amendments of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsidei the vote by
which the Senate amendments were concuri ed in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
But first, I move that the Senate amendments to
the civil bill be made the special order m commit-
tee, and that all debate theieon terminate within
five minutes after the committee shall have entered
on its consideration.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The motion to go into committee was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the CJnion, (Mr. Branch in
the chair,) and proceeded to the considciation of
the Senate amendments to House bill No. 501,
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
mi. \f
First amendment of the Senate: w
Strike out tlir« wouU " lor piesoi ving the unfinished work
upon Hie (Jliaik^ion eu4-tom-liou e, $<>,UG0,*J and insert in
Ken theieot the following*
To pay lbi maible aheady delivered at the Charleston
custom house, to be used in continuing the work on that
building, $15,000; mid lot continuing the construction ot
that building, $135,000, making $150,000. And the Secre-
t.uy oi theTieavuiy is dneeted to repoit to Congiess, in Ins
next annual icport on the finances, Uie amount of tmlber
iippioptiaiions that m:u be required to finish, iei.pectively.
thw custom-house and the one at New Orleans and the
tune nece.-nary to complete the tame, and whether any
changes can be made, consistent!) with the purposes for
wlneli the building i* intended, wlneh will reduce the co.st
ot completion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend an amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
Strike out the Senate amendment, and insert:
l-'or pie^eivmg the unfinished wojk ot th« Chailestou
cufctom-liouse, &O.0U0, and to pay lor maible aheadv de-
livered at the Chat le.ston custom house, to be used in con •
turning the woik on th.it building, 000 ; and the ricc-
iet;ir> ot'the Tren-uiy h dneeted to repent to Congress, in
hia next annual repoit on the finances, the amount of fur-
ther appiopuatious which may be required to tmisli, ic
specti\ eiy, this? eu-itoni-lxm-c .uul the one at Now Oilcans,
and the tune nece--ar, to complete the ^une; and whether
any changes can be made, couMstenth with the puiposes
fur which the building i  intended ; and in the meantime
no inither inatciiald shall be dchvcied to said custom-
house.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended, and it was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Sti ike out the woidsten* presei ving the unfinished work
upon the New Oilcans custom-house, $3,000," and inseit
in lieu theieo!:
To pay foi marble aheady delivered at the New Orleans
custom house, to be used in continuing the woik on th.it
building, 000; and toi continuing the copstiuction of
that building, $260,000, making $305,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend an amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
Strike out all of the Senate amendment, and Insert:
For preserving the unfinished work upon the New Or-
leans custom-hou^e, $5,000 ; and to pay for maible already
delivered at the New Orleans custom house, to be used m
continuing the work on that building, $2.>,000; and it i-}
hereby provided that no further matenals shall be delivered
for said custom house.
The amendmcn t to the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amendment,
as amended; and it was concurred in.
Third amendment:
For the extension of the Treasury building, $335,263 71;
and to pay for materials already delivered, and to be used
m the coiumucuon of said extension, $164,733 29; making
$500,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended that the House agree to the third amend-
ment of the Senate, with an amendment to strike
out all of the Senate amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
For preserving the unfinished work on the Treasury ex-
tension, $5,000; and to pay lor matenals already delivered
for said extension, $164,733 29.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Maine. I hope the com-
mittee will not concur with the Committee of
Ways and Means in amending the amendment of
the Senate. There was, no doubt, some reason
for the amendment of that committee in regard to
the custom-houses at New Orleans and Charles-
ton. No one can tell how much it will cost to
finish up those structures; and it was supposed
there might be some change of plan, by which
these buildings might be finished in a suitable
manner, and the cost be considerably reduced.
But in regard to the Treasury extension, we
know that there is no doubt whatever, no uncer-
tainty, in reference to what that building is to he.
It is certain, absolutely certain, that that building
is to be finished within a short time, and the ex-
penditures are inevitable within one, two, three, or
four years. 1 believe that it would be wise and
just economy, such as a prudent and sensible
man would consult in his own case, for us to go on
and make the appiopriation contemplated by the
Senate; and I hope we shall do what the Senate
recommend.
Mr. SHERMAN. The work on the Treasury
extension has already advanced so far that the
south wing is completed, and the foundation of
the remaining two wings arc laid. There they
stand, and the committee thought that that was
a very good condition to leave them m. So far
as we know, there is no pressing necessity for the
completion of the building; and it is no time to go
on with the woik when we have to borrow money
in order to carry on the Government. The Com-
mittee of Ways and M^ans have provided a suf-
ficient amount to pay off all these debts, and for
the material now on hand; and we propose to
stop the work for a while.
Mr. FRENCH. I move to increase the appro-
priation in the Senate amendment §1,000. It
seems to me as though it Were the duty of this
Government, at any rate, to regard its contiacts
with individuals. Already contracts have been
made by the proper authorities for the furnishing
of materials for the completion of this building.
In endeavoring to perforin that contiact, the con-
tractors have been already at very great expense.
They have already furnished and deiiveied,m
addition to what is provided for in the Senate
amendment now, one cargo of materials since
the matter was before the Senate, and another
cargo, valued at from twenty-five to thirty thou-
sand dollars, is on its way. A vu y laige amount
of material hay been already quarried and pre-
pared for shipment, and they arc bound to com-
piy with the itquiremmus 'if their contract. It
.seems to me that it would be gross injustice on
the part of the Government, in attempting to
practice economy, to throw the expense of it en-
tirely on individual contractors. They ha\c been
compelled to piocurc, at very large expense, the
necessary fixtures for handling the vast mono-
liths required for the columns and pilasters. They
have been obliged to puiohasc vessels expressly
fitted for conveying materials here. The work
has got to be done, and it seems to me that it
would bp a gross act of injustice to say to the
contiactors: " Gentlemen, you are to sufllr the
loss. The Government does not choose to goon
with this work, and you must bear the loss of
