182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
that they will crush any such party, and that they
will sweep il out of existence as summarily as
they would drive from their presence their own
worst enemy.
Sir, not an old man myself, not many years in
public life, 1 have seen the rise and fall of more
than one party. I remember the National Repub-
licans; 1 remember the great Whig party; I re-
member the American party. They came, they
conquered—if you please—and yet they fell. The
Democratic ptirty is no such comet in our polit-
ical system. It is permanent; it is a fixed star;
it has existed since the foundation of the Govern-
ment; embarrassed, at times, by divisions or fac-
tions, which have sprung "up; defeated, some-
times, but rarely by the delusions of the hour, it
yet stands as an immovable element in the coun-
try; an institution around which returning reason
and loyalty to the Union and Constitution will
rally, after the fitful excitement of the day has
passed, and when men shall have become wearied
following some new illusion, some new excite-
ment which may attract them for the hour.
So it will be, sir, I venture to say, from my
observations of similar panics, with the Opposi-
tion party, which now seems so firmly in power
in many of the northern States. But we have
seen its rapid rise, growing m a large measure out
of the misrepresentations of public questions.
Appeals to fanaticism and sympathy, garbled
reports of outrages and conflicts in Kansas, at-
tempts made to impress upon them the idea of
southern aggressions, the divisions which have
sprung up from time to time in the Democratic
party, have strongly cooperated to give to this
sectional oiganization a temporaiy control in
many States, where in fact it is in a minority.
It stands upon no element of vitality or perma-
nency that will permit it to live after the juu^ment
of the people of the North becomes convinced,
as it is becoming convinced, that its continued
ascendency will hazard the Union of these States.
The moment that conviction is planted m the
northern mind you will see that organization fall,
as its predecessors have fallen; then it will dedi-
cate itself, it is to be hoped, to some new mission,
less dangerous and moie practically useful, 1
trust—a mission which some of its advocati s and
sympathizers tire already ^iving'it—a mission to
reform the lend trumpeted corruptions and ex-
travagances of this Administration and of the
Democratic party. That will, according to the
announcement of its leaders, probably be its next
exploit. In that they would be welcomed as men
avowing at Irast a useful mission; but if they
bring to the Federal Government the same kind
of reformers, the same sort of economy, tlu; same
mode of lessening expenditures and decreasing
taxes and rebuking profligate administrations that
we have witnessed in the State of New York,
during their occasional intervals of power in that
State, I can only say, and the people of my State
will say, "The Loid deliver us from such re-
formers, and from such refoims." .For, sir, never
in the history of our State lias there been seen so
much extravagance, such an accumulation of State
debts, such improvident administration, such an
altuming addition to taxation, such utter incom-
petency in '-very department of the government,
as our people have ween and felt under the rule of
the Republican party of New Yoik.
And, sir, as well inside a-( ouiside of the Re-
publican party, you will find that when it is pro-
posed to place Air. Seward and his ft lends in
power here, the people of the State of N< wYork,
too well acquainted with their improvident and
reckless administration at home, and too well aware
of the dangerous consequences of their political
theories to the peace and safety of the Union, will
take care not to give him and them an opportunity
of developing them m the executive mansion. In
this work ve will be aided by patriotic men of
nil partii s. In our last State election, a conserv-
ative branch of one of the opposition parties (I
refer to that remnant of the American party com-
posed of what we call" old line Whigs'') enabled
the Democratic party to elect one half of the State
ticket. It was a crude movement, an unusual
step, an untried experiment in our politics! But,
sir, it will go on with incicasing strength. The J
results have afforded gratification to thousands
who did not believe in the experiment. In the
groat presidential context of i860, there will be in
Mint State a Democran'e party dev oted to the Con-
stitution and Union—a party utterly hostile to
the declaration of any such doctrine as that of
the irrepressible conflict, utterly averse to going
into a presidential election on the abstract aues-
tion of whether slavery shall go into a Territory
or not. There will be a party which will say, in
the name of that great State, that the whole Union,
North and South, must be equally protected; that
holding, as the North does, predominance in the
legislative and executive branches of the Govern-
ment, we will use that power with justice, in con-
sonance with our constitutional obligations, m
submission to the laws as interpreted by the
courts, extending the right hand of brotherhood
now as licretofoic, to every section of the Con-
federacy, and utterly repudiating, as alien to our
nature, as hostile to our interests, as repugnant
to our conviction;-;, this terrible internecine war
to which we are summoned in the madness of
ambition.
But, Mr. Clerk, my "duty would be but imper-
fectly performed if I did not address myself to a
twofold object; first, to admonish the North that
danger exists to the peace and permanence of the
Union, to utter this admonition with all the grav-
ity, the earnestness, mid the solemnity which be-
longs to the enunciation of a sad truth. That
danger exists whenever it can be proclaimed on
this floor that there is a conflict between the North
and the South, whenever it can be proclaimed by
a northern Representative that such aconthctdoes
exist, that it is as deep as the founcbtion of the
mountains and as pervading as the atmosphere.
Win-never it e;m be said, as it has bet n said by
southern men of all shades of opinion, that there
is a growing and profound distrust io the South
of the puiposes and s< ntiments and wj dies of the
Noith; when we are told, not by disunionists, per
sc, not by habitual alarmists, but by men who
bring to the public ecninoils moderation of tone,
devotion to the Union, a single patriotism, that
their people are terrified by the evidences which
come from many quarters of the North, sympa-
thizing with expeditions against southern sov-
ereignties, and applying the torch of the itven-
diary to southern iio-mes; when we are told that
fjie ii me the deep-seated apprehensions of south-
ern communities; andvhen we ore told byanorth-
crn Representative on this floor that this conflict
is not in lbe future but is here, then I feel it has
become the duty of a northern Representative to
proclaim these tilings to his constituents, and to
admonish them that however the excitement and
agitation may have appeared and vanished in other
times; however men m one quarter of the Union
may have alluded to disunion, either to give em-
phasis to ii period, or to carry an election, or to
accomplish any private puipose; that however idle
such fi ars have been before, and however unfound-
ed such piedictions, it is now true; it is a truth to
which the attention of the whole North must and
will be directed, for we are in the presem e of the
most serious danger that has ever menaced the
Confederacy. That danger lies clnetly among
themselves: that the forges where the weapons are
made that menace lives in southern homes are
in the North; that they are fed by northern fires;
that they are sustained by money contributed
theie; that tliey arc indorsed or inspired in some
measure by im n holding respectable positions m
society anel m public liic; that they are responsi-
ble for the existence and power of a great se "denial
party, predominant in most of their States, and
which menaces m its consequences, if it does not
assail in its platform, the peace and tranquillity of
the Union; upon themselves it now devolve to
say whether they prefer the Republican party or
the Union; whether they prof r to .sustain men m
executive or representative places, who proclaim
war upon one portion of the. Confederacy, or
whether they will (levate to power the represent-
atives of that school of opinion and of tha' policy
which lies been identified, from the foundation of
the Government, with the prosperity, the peace,
and the renown of the Republic.
Sir, the North can give but one answer when
these questions come to them; it will be the an-
swer of tho patriot, not of the disumonist; it will
bo the answu* of just men, not of fanatics; they
will stand as ihey have always stood, upon the
ground of right and reason, of justice and patri-
otism. Sir, as T said before,! have a twofold
object—not only to admonish the North of the
existing danger, but to disabuse the South of pre-
vailing error in reference to some of the supposed
evidences of northern opinion, which have led
to much apprehension. While I would not dis-
guise theMangcr of a sectional party; while I would
not and cannot deny that there is much in their
programme and much more in their teachings that
is menacing to the peace and prosperity of the
country; while I would conceal none of these dan-
gers, yet I do say—for the truth requires it to be
said—that there are many of what are looked
upon as evidences of northern opinion, that can,
in no just sense, be thus regarded. When John
Brown met his fate,-a hundred guns were fired—
as the telegraph informs us—in the city of Albany,
the capital of the State of New York. Well, sir,
that was a disgraceful, but not an alarming or
significant fact; for the truth is, that it is the cus-
tom throughout the State of New York—rs sort of
usage—for any number of people, small or large,
whether six or six hundred, when any event oc-
curs that interests them, to go upon the public
grounds and fire a small piece of artillery, ten,
twenty, fifty, or a hundred times. They may fire
a hundred guns for the election of a constable, if
the candidate was some man in whom they took
particular interest, as they would for the election
of a governor, or the execution of a traitor.
Sermons, we hear, have been preached in sacred
pulpits, applauding acts of treason. Well, sir, 1
believe that in the whole State of New York, so
far as I have yet heard, there were four or five
such sermons preached. I know of but two that
T have seen properly authenticated. Great pub-
licity has been given to those productions. The
most widely-circulated papers in the Union have
printed them. Nov/, if it were an every-day oc-
currence—if it had not been an unusual thing—
would they have received such publication and
osculation* Would attention have boon called to
them5 No. They are published because they
are monstrous; because they are not only un-
usual, but unexampled; public attention is called
to them so that public sentiment may denounce
them. There are more than ten thousand churches
in the State of New York, and there were only
two such sermons pieachod. There is
one church in every school distrie*, mm; iher> a*v
more than ton thousand of the.*". Tin only two
instances of which 1 have any c-rreei information
occurred in the city ofN",/ Yoik. One of these
was at Shiloh Church, w^ldi is a neoro church,
and patronized largely l.y runaway slaves, who
have escaped to th" North and found a refuse in
New York unclaimed by their masters; and the
other was at the church of Dr. Cneew r.
Now, sir, have we fori;otien that Dr. Choever
was obliged io m >ke a nil to England 10 so-
licit conti ibutioiih [here to Mipoor* that church, to
pay his salary, end (•> kc. p it wann m wmte. for
peoph to come and li.-'t n to him, because 1) • was
not able, tinou'jhout the length and breadth of
New York, or of ilv North, tj obtain the small
sum that would be necessary to keep his church
doors open. Only tins year he has had his mis-
sionary in England appealing to British sympathy
v/Uh Abolitionists or luUr< d to America to sus-
tain his church. In Ins appeal he declared two
facts—two fa( ts which ought to go to the > ountry
because theie is no doubt of their tiuih: First,
that his was the only church, the only church
where such do'-trlu'-s were preached m the Nonh;
and secondly, that, b"<-aase he d:el preach «.'uch
thing-;, jt we"s impossibly-for him to sustain his
church fiom the contributions of any of the peo-
ple in this country within lus reach. My IV)end
asks me where is Mr. Bcecher. Mr. Beecher is
an eminent divine, a popular orator, who ad-
dresses evefy Sunday, m Brooklyn, large assem-
blages, some of whom are, doubiJcss, members of
his church, and many more who are not. Cut Mr.
Beceher's sermon upon this particular theme wa.s
by no means of the character of those to whom
I hove referred; and if the gentleman from Mary
land [Mr. Kumkel] will read it, T am quite sure
he will draw a broad line of distinction between
that sermon and those to which reference has been
made. Mr. Beccher denounced all such appeals.
Ultra as he is m politics, strongly allied as In*
doubtless is with the Republican party in sympa-
thy, and effective as he is m cooperation with them,
yet he sternly, in his pulpit, denounce d all such
attempts as wicked and irreligious, and declared,
for himself, that having anxiously and deeply
meditated upon his duty as a Christian minister
