1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
upon this subject, ho could sec no path open for
him, or any other right-minded man, except to
appeal to the sense of right of the South itself. I
desire to do injustice to no person, nor to any-
party, in what Ihave to say upon this or any other
question; and,therefore,in justice to Mr. Beechcr,
I take pleasure in giving what I believe to be a
correct statement of the general tenor of the ser-
mon which he prcached upon that occasion. I
say, therefore, that it is a libel upon the pulpit of
New York, and the ten thousand churches in that
Commonwealth, to say that the religious people
of that State countenance any such doctrines' as
those which have been unguardedly attributed to
the northern pulpit as well as to the northern
people.
Meetings, they say, also have been held in our
Stale. I observed the proceedings of the most
noticeable one at Syracuse. It was the only con-
siderable one, I think, held in New York. Now,
sir, any one who knows New York, could not be
astonished at any assemblage that might be seen
at Syracuse. Syracuse is to our State what I
might call a city of refuge. Everybody can go
there and hold meetings or conventions, for any
purpose under heaven. There is no revolution
in society so radical, there is no extravagance in
politics or science or philosophy so repugnant
to reason or experience, there is nothing which
can attract the human intellect so erratic or so
absurd, which may not collect together its ad-
mirers and advocates at Syracuse, and nobody
will disturb them. Tliey have no theaters there,
and the people rely upon such things for their
amusement. These meetings and conventions are
their intellectual recreation; and to those whose
tastes have been matured and cultivated in that
direction, 1 can well undersiand how entertaining
they may be. Madmen might collect there from
the lunatic asylums and resolve that all the rest
of the world were crazy, and they the only sane
men. Convicts might go theie, fiesh from Statu
prisons, and gravely resolve all the rest of the
world to be rascals, ond nobody would disturb
them. Men and women do meet there m grave
convention, and resolve that the salvation of the
country and the peace and good order of society
depend upon conceding the ballot and the Bloomer
costume to all women in the Commonwealth.
These strange meetings arc held in almost oil
northern cities. They denounce the Bible; they
denounce the Church; they denounce our social
system, as well as the social system of the South;
they meet and discuss and lesolve the downfall
of everything that we hold precious, q.s well as
menace the peace an<l safety of remote portions
of the Confederacy. They are tolerated, because
toleration is a northern sentiment—I will not say
peculiar to the North; but which we have,in com-
mon with others, who regard toleration to be ex-
pedient or right. When, however, it is found
that such meetings have for their object move-
ments and designs of a seditious character, they
will not be tolerated. When they were first seen
in New Yoik, m 1835 or 1836, they were sup-
pi esscd; because they shocked the moral sense of
the community, and awakened an apprehension
that they might lead to bad consequences. Thoy
were summavilyput down; not prevented by law,
as they should have been, but by a summary dis-
play of force on the spot.
But, sir, in tnne it was thought that they had
become mere harmless avenues of excitement to
extreme men; that they would lead to no harmful
consequences, and hence they were allowed to go
on; ond ceasing to be dangerous, they were re-
garded as simply ridiculous. But, sir, I do not
believe any community in New York, and ere
long I do not believe there will be any respectable
or considerable community at the North who will
permit assemblages of men within their borders
who avow and proclaim it to be their object and
purpose to carry discord, invasion,and danger to
the homes of any portion of our Confederacy. I
know they will not. When these assemblages
were first held m our State, the attention of the
Legislature of the State was called to them by
Governor Marcy, in a message to that body, and
he submitted to their judgment and sense of duty
whether it would not be proper, and perhaps ne-
cessary, to prevent seditious assemblages by alaw.
If these meetings are continued, the better judg-
ment, the. sense of justice, and patriotism of the
people of New York will recur to that wise and
patriotic recommendation of Governor Marcy;
and if these assemblages and combinations and
conspiracies cannot be stopped in any other way,
they will be stopped by effectual legislation. The
people of the State of New York will not suffer
men within her borders to counsel, incite, or con-
spire to do a wrong to the property, the homes,
or the peace of any community ill this Confed-
eracy. it would have been responded to when
Mr. Marcy made the recommendation in 1835 or
183G, if time had shown that the exigency of the
case required it.
In conclusion, let me say, as a citizen of New
York, as one claiming to know something of
its sentiments and feelings, that it will prove
itself faithful to its past history; faithful to that
period when, m 1800, it gave the deciding vote
which elected Thomas Jefferson to the Presidency,
and founded the Democratic party. The balance
of power has been lost, in the progress of time,
between the two sections of the Union; the North
can control the Government; out, sir, that bal-
ance of power, though it may never be restored
theoretically, is to be regained practically by the
triumph of the Democratic party at the North.
The equilibrium, theoretically, between the two
systems is lost; and that loss will precipitate us
into unknown and unfathomable dangers, if sec-
tional parties continue to exist and wage an agres-
sive policy. But if, on the contrary, the Repub-
lican party falls—as it will fall, when its character
and purposes arc known to the North—and the
Democratic party resumes its sway, being in har-
mony with the rights and interests of all portions
of the Confederacy, then the equilibrium will be
restored, the balance of power will be regained.
Leave, then, this crisis to public opinion.
Lea"\e it to the reason and sense of justice and
the conscience of the North, it repudiates all
these accusations, whieh arc uttered in Us name
againsi the South, of broken compacts and vio-
lated faith. The North believes no sach thing.
In the presidential contest c'i 1850, one million
two hundred thousand men recorded their votes
as a warning to any man who would have the
temerity m the name of the North to make such
charges. One million two hundred thousand men
in that election pledged their loyalty to the Union
and the Constitution, and gave expression to
their confidence and trust in the good faith of the
South. That multitude of men stand to-day
immovable and in esistible, receiving accessions
every hour in consequence of the alarming aspect
of the times. They will again record that vow
of allegiance with increasing thousands, with
swelling ardor, with a yet more unyielding devo-
tion. Leave, then, this crisis to public opinion.
It has gone astray at moments; but where and
when and in what community may you not find
popular errors and delusions? The history of
every nation discloses them—delusions which
amaze him who reads history, yeais after the
events have transpixed* It may astonish, it may
alarm, it may seem inscrutable to many, that a
sectional party, looking to su<-h consequences, :
would ever reach to sueh a height or' power m
any portion of the Confederacy. But it is be-
cause their aims and pmposes v/ei e not clearly
seen and were not understood. ti Public opinion
did not take cognizance of the question, 'it had
not perceived the danger into which we were
drifting. In monarchical countr.es th<-y evade
the extravagance of temporary excitement by ie-
strictions on suffrage; but in this fouiury, where
we enthrone public opinion m full sovereignty,
we yet make it subject to the guarantees of writ-
ten constitutions, and bid it wait and stay its
hand to listen to reluming reason, and obey the
mandate of conscience. That public opinion
which now seems dangerous to the general peace
ajid safety is held bound m the grasp of the Con-
stitution, and will yield to the duty which pa-
triotism imposes. When that hour comes to the
North—the k< sober second thought"—as come it
will and come it must, all can repose with safety
and confidence in its justice and honor. [Ap- ;
plause in the galleries.']
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Clerk, I will trespass on |
the attention of the House hutfor a few moments, J
as indisposition prevents me from entering into 1
the discussion as fully as I would hove desired.
But, sir, from the appearance of an article in the :
Constitution the other day—the organ of the Ad-
1 ministration—it is due to myself that I should speak-
on this occasion. That article has been alluded
to already by two of the anti-Lecompton" Dem-
ocrats on this floor; and permit me to say that,
so far as they were concerned, they fully rebuked
that most insolent and impudent article. I should
not have noticed the article at all, nor do I do it
now, on the ground that it is necessary that I
should stand here in defense of my character as
a man of integrity and political consistency. "I
simply notice that article for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of Democrats on this floor, and
asking them whether that paper is their organ, or
only the organ of Mr. Buchanan? Appeals are
made to us here—strong and powerful appeals to
our Democratic sympathies and our Democratic
principles. We are asked to come and rally to
the support of the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock,] for whom I have personally
the highest regard; but how can X, under a charge
*of bribery made by Mr. Buchanan's organ, affili-
ate or associate with you, and assist in the elec-
tion of Mr. Bocock? Why, sir, it would be a
disgrace that I would never survive. They ask
me to unite with them in the election of a man
who stands now the Administration candidate for
Speaker, while the Administration, through its
organ, has denounced me as a man ready to sell
out, as it has charged Mr. HAsiuNtfridMr. Hick-
man with having already been purchased with a
Republican shilling. Mr. Buchanan, his Admin-
istration, and the whole country, know that lam
incapable of being purchased or of being swerved
one iota from those principles which I hold most
dear and sacred, ana which I believe to be most
intimately connected with the best interests of
the country.
During the Lccompton controversy, I was ap-
proached m such a manner as shows corruption
on the part of the Administration. If I had only
gi\ en my support to the Lccompton policy I was
assured that I could secure a foreign appointment
for one most near and dear to me. A leading
member of the House, at that time, came to me,
whispering in my ear: " Sir, it is all settled in the
Cabinet.'5 " "What is settled?" "Why, sir, the
one who is near to you by the dearest tiesof blood
is to receive the appointment." My reply was:
" Send word to the Administration to make the
appointment; and I intend to resist it to the last
in its infamous attempt to force a constitution on
the people of Kansas against their will." And i
did resist it. And because I resisted it, I was
charged with being a Black Republican, an Abo-
litionist, no Democrat. The paper which is now
attacking us, attacked us then, charging me with
being no Democrat. I do not ask the opinion of
that paper or of the Administration in regard to
my Democracy. My Democracy is pronounced
upon by my constituents, in the third congres-
sional district of New Jersey. In the last con-'
gressionai canvass I took this very paper—then
the Union—and read a portion of it to my con-
stituents, in which I was called a traitor and a
renegade, and-no Democrat; and I put it before
the people. What was their response ? "James
Buchanan does not know what Democracy is;
you are a Democrat and always have been from
your boyhood up; your every feeling and senti-
ment is that of a Democrat, and all the power of
Mr. Buchanan and his Administration shall be
ineffectual to prevent your being returned to the
House of Representatives." And, thank God,
for having stood by my principles, the people of
my district stood by me, and I am here this day
as a Democrat; and I should like to see the man
that dare say that I am not one by any record 1
have made m all my life.
Mr. Clerk, it is not such an easy matter as
some suppose to read men out of the party. This
Administration has attempted to read out a far
greater man than I am, or any of the eight anti-
Lecompton Democrats who hold seats upon this
floor. It has tried its hand upon a man of great
intellectual power, of great fidelity to principle,
who is true to the Constitution and the Union,
and that man is Stepiiej* A. Douglas, of Illinois.
Has he yet been read out of the party? I think
not. I maintain that Mr. Buchanan, in attempt-
ing to read him out and those who stand with
him, has actually read himself out of the Demo-
cratic party, and that he does not stand upon the
Cincinnati platform or the Kansas-Nebraska act,
as construed by him in his letter accepting the
nomination for the Presidency, when he declared
