3042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
majority iu it belonging to any party. And it
was repealed upon the recommendation of the
Democratic Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Guth-
rie, because he said he had too much money, a
surplus of $21,000,000, and he did not know what
to do with it. The Secretary prayed Congress
to modify the tariff, and now you are praying to
discontinue these public buildings, because you
have not money enough; and it is time you were
out of office.
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Ohio if the tariff of 1846 was not repealed
by northern men employing money for the pur-
pose of influencing the action of this House in
the Thirty-Fourth Congress ?
Mr. ST ANTON. The tariff of 1857 was fixed
up by a committee of conference between the two
Houses, made up of a Democratic Senate, and
under the lead of Mr. Letcher, a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House,
and a Democratic member from the State of Vir-
ginia, and with his assent and support. It re-
ceived my continued and persistent opposition.
Mr. CRAWFORD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 move to
increase the amount live dollars. I move the*
amendment merely to give me the opportunity of
saying that 1 supposethere can be no doubt jn
the mind of any gentleman here that tins Treas-
ury building wilfbe finished, and that it will be
finished according lo the specifications, and ac-
cording to the plans alieady made. There is
nothing now to be done in that legard, ami noth-
ing that 1 am aware of to be done hereafter. The
gentleman fiom Ohio says, although tile work is
in progress of construction; although the con-
tract for materials is made; although the men aio
here ready to go on with the work, yet that, for
some reason or other, it is policy, it is economy,
to suspend all our operations, and render our-
selves liable for damages to those with whom we
have made conUacts; and for what* That we
may stop and see where we ore; that we may
take a new reckoning; and some two or thiee
years hence passu general kuv for the completion
of these buildings. There is no necessity for a
general law. A law has already been passed,
and, under that law, contracts have been entered
into by Mr. Guthrie. lie knew what he was
about. Under that authority he has made con-
tracts with honest men; and they are now ready
to execute theireontraets, and, if suspended, they
will claim damages foi not being permitted to ex-
ecute those contracts. They were made under
existing Jaw; and there is no way by which they
can be avoided.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where is the law?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is a law of
Congress,though 1 cannot refer the gentleman
to the precise place where the law will be found,
at the present time. Secretary Guthrie, under
that law, made contracts for furnishing these ma-
terials, and he made a eontiaet to furnish them as
they weie wanted.
What are we to gain, when we all know that
this budding must be completed, and completed
in one, two, or three years, by saying that we
will stop now, discharge our men, violate our
contracts, and commence again by and by, and
thereby throw, as the gentleman from Ohio has
well said, upon the incoming Administration, an
expenditure which belongs to this? What are
we to gam in an economical point of view, or m
any point of view? This woik must be com-
pleted, and it is necessary that it should be com-
pleted, for I understand that at the present time the
Treasury Department is in want of more room,
and that they are now paying a very large amount
of rent for rooms which they are obliged to hire.
The contracts have been made; the work is sure
to be finished; and why is it that the Committee
of Ways and Means come m here and ask us to
refuse to make an appropriation, and with no
other result than that half a million dnlkus will
be added to the appropriation next year? I hope
the House will not stultify itself by following the
lead of the Committee of "Ways and Means.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The south wing
ot the Treasury building is now nearly completed,
and there is no considerable amount of mateuals
for the construction of the walls and the residue
of the building now delivered. There is a con-
siderable number of columns, and a large part of
the granite for the entablature and portico to be
delivered, which can only be done at the end of
the work, and not at this time. The Secretary
of the Treasury has directed the contractors for
the granite to cease delivering it. If the Gov-
ernment may be held responsible for damages, I
suggest that, if there be no law directly author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to make a
contract in advance of an appropriation, the Gov-
ernment can, under no circumstances, be liable
for a single cent of damages, because the contract
is void, so far as it goes beyond the amount ap-
propriated for it. There is no ground for saying
that the Government can be liable for damages,
in the absence of a law, beyond the amount of
money appropriated. There is, therefore, no fear
upon that point.
With reference to the adjustment of the account
between Mr. Fillmoie's administration and those
succeeding to that, and those which may come
hereafter, X take it that we are not here to settle
accounts between them. The public necessities
do not now require that we should finish the build-
ing. There is rqom enough now to answer the
necessities of the Government, and there will be
enough for ten years to come. We are, therefore,
not under any necessity now of completing it; and
I say that, under these circumstances, it is a mere
waste to complete a building for which we have
no use at this present time.
iVlr. CURTIS. Arc not the offices in Winder's
building to be transferred to the Treasury build-
mg?
Mr. DAVIS, nf Maryland. We are paying
rem for the Winder building, because it is occu-
pied by the D. partment of the Interior. There
is another building lented, wluch is occupied by
the Tieusuiy Department. But the south wing is
large enough to accommodate all the clerks and
other ofliceis in the employment of the Tieasuiy
Department.
Mr. FLORENCE. Wc own the Windcrbuild-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not see any
necessity for going on with the Tieasury exten-
sion at this time. J move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of closing debate on this amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Cot,fax hav-
ing taken the chair as Sipcakci pro tempore, Mr.
[jR.vtfcu rep or I eil that the Committee; of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and p.irticulm jy
House bill No. 501, making appropriations for
sundry eivil expe ises of the Government for the
year ending the 30th J une, lbG I, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that all debate on
the pending amendment shall teiminate within one
minute after the committee shall have resumed its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE A NO EXECUTIVE J! ILL.
Air. SHERMAN. 1 move that the bill making
appi opriations fur the expenses of the legislative
and executive departments of the Government for
the year ending 30thJune3186l, be referied to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion "was agreed to.
CIVIL A V P110 P J11A T10 N BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House lcsolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules wore accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Branch
m the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the hill (II. R. No. 50]) making appropriations
for sundry ciwl expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th June, JSGJ, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Wasii-
lurx, of Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Su iko out the whole amendment, and insert:
I'oi the extension u( the Tieasuiy building, $3o0,0Q0.
I mean this as a substitute for the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the Senate.
Mr.GROW. Idonotquiteunderstand whether
the gentleman pioposes to substitute his amend-
ment for the third amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose it as a substitute for
the Senate amendment, as well as for the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. It is not in order for the gentle-
man from Missouri to offer his amendment as a
substitute for both the other amendments. He
may offer it as an amendment for the amendment
submitted by the Committee of Ways and Means;
and then, if it is adopted, the question will be be-
tween it and the amendment of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order to the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call for tellers on the
amendment. I would like the gentleman from
Missouri to tell the committee where the money
is to come from. [Calls to order.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. French and
Crawford were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 63.
So the amendment to theamendment was agreed
to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended; and it was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
For Itmushini; looms in the Treasuiy building tor the
otlicc ot the Attorney Geneial, .^2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means tccom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
To pnj foi labor on. :tnd materials furnished for. tho-Cnp-
it'll extension,.^lalj.GUt 7-i; and to enable the ^npeimtcnd-
ent to take care of the maible whieh Inn been delimed.
and ol the shop> Occupied, and to ltiy tiic inaildc lloonnjjs
of the poiticooy, and to jmy for the bronze dooiv, ,<-4* 9-Ji);
and tor conun«eucies of the Capitol extension, ,S~.30U,
making $-<•) 71.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concuirence.
Mr. UUARLES. 1 move to amend by strik-
ing out $3 5,'M>0i 74. i cannot see the policy
which should induce this committee to cease the
work on such important buildings as the custom-
houses at Charleston and JNTew Orleans, and still
expend huge sums in beautifying tins gorgeous
palace. The buildings at Charleston and New
Orleans are necessary for the trade and commerce
of those cities and of the country; but what neces-
sity is there for spending more money on this
Capitol ? Has not enough been done here to sat-
isfy our Io\e of show and extiavagance 5 1 do
hope that the committee will reject the amend-
ment of the Senate. Where is the money Jo come
from? Already the Treasury is almost empty.
Then, I asktvhat policy of prudence and wisdom
should induce you to close the work on the cus-
tom-houses of New Oilcans and Charleston,and
then lavish money on this building? Why not
appropriate just enough to protect the unfinished
work iieie, as you have done there ? I (.all upon
gentlemen to furnish to the country a sensible
reason foi this inconsistency. Is it more to the
benefit of the country that vou should ha\e these
splendid buildings completed ln-ie than that the
ships wluch come to our southern ports should
be unloaded, and disdmtgc their caigoes, and get
their clearances with facility ? 1 do hope the
House will non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate. 1 do hope that Congnss will come up
and lay the knife to the extnuagancies heie at
the Capitol, as well as m all the Depaitments of
the Government.
Mr. PHELPS. I regret that the gentleman
from Tennessee has mistaken the amendment on
which he has made his speech. H in speech was
designed foi the sixth amendment. The amend-
ment now under consideration only pioposes to
pay for work alieady done and materials fur-
nished at the Capitol extension. When we come
! to the next amendment, 1 will cooperate with him
m opposing it.
Mi. QUAIILES. You can transfei my speech
to that other amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, then, I suppose it is not
necessary that I should say more than that, we
have already the materials collected here; that we
