184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
that tlje people of a Territory, like those of a
State, should decide for themselves whether sla-
very shall or shall not exist within their limits.
Mr. Clerk, my position is well known in the
State ofNew Jersey, §mongthe Democracy there.
I stand, sir, upon the resolutions which were
adopted by the Democratic State Convention held
at Trenton in August last, when they nominated
General Wright for Governor. I have those reso-
lutions, and I ask leave to read them.
The preamble declares the adherence of the De-
mocracy of my State to the Cincinnati platform,
and to the Kansas-Nebraska act, construing it in
the language of Mr. Buchanan, in his letter ac-
cepting the nomination for the Presidency, when
he said:
"The recent legislation of Consress respecting domes-
tic slavery [meaning the Kansas-Nebraska act] derived, as
it has been, from the original and pure fountain of legiti-
mate political power, the will of the majority, piomi&es ere
long to allay the dangerous excitement. This legislation is
founded upon principles as ancient as free government itself,
and, In accordance with them, has simply declared that the
people of a Territory, like tho e of a State, Khali decide lor
themselves whether blavciy shall or f-hall not exist withm
their limits.
" Rcsohcd, That we unqualifiedly condemn the doctrine
of that rectional portion of the < Opposition,' who insistth.it
slavery should be excluded fiom the Territories by congres-
sional prohibition, because Congress has no power, under
the Constitution, to enact any such piohibition; became
such a prohibition would be an unwarrantable and inexpe-
dient interference by Congress with the domestic affairs of
the people of the Territories, and because all eflorts to en-
act such a prohibition endanger the perpetuity of the Union,
and destroy the amity and fiaternul feelings which should
exist between the people of the several btates composing
our glorious and cherished CJmon.
" Resolved, That while vvq thus condemn the Keptihhean
doctrine of congressional prohibition, we, with equal em-
phasis, condemn the doctt me 1 ecently >iarted and now zeal-
ously advocated by extreme men, that slavery m the Tei-
ritoiies should be fostered and protected by congressional
legislation. We condemn it because it is violative of the
fundamental punciplcs of self-government, and wrong and
unjust in itself, tending to violent actional agitation, un-
friendly feeling and disunion; and because it is in direct
violation ot the Cincinnati platform, and of all the pledges
made by the Democratic party in 1854, 1855, and 1850—
pledges in which the whole party, North and South, East
and West, united.
" Resolved, That we deeply legiet and emphatically dis-
approve of the attempts now being made to build up a party
in favor of reviving the abominable and inhuman foreign
slave tiade, and o( lepealing the laws of the land enacted
against it, and we earnestly desire that those laws may be
rigidly enforced."
Mr. Clerk, these arc the resolutions on the sub-
ject of slavery which express the sentiments of
the Democracy of my district and State. Both
wings of the Democracy—the anti-Lccompton and
the Lecompton wing—have placcd themselves
upon that pliitform. They are wedded, sir, to the
great doctrine of popular sovereignty—to the great
right of the people of the Territories to regulate
the question of slavery for themselves, independ-
ent of any congressional intervention, and they
intend to stand by that position. And I will ,-ay
here, that no candidate nominated at the Charles-
ton convention can receive, or will receive, the
support of the Democracy of New Jersey, who
does not stand fairly anu squarely upon those
resolutions.
Mr. Clerk, those resolutions assert no new
principle in regard to the settlement of the slavery
question. They embody the same principle as
was embodied m the compromise measures of
1850—the same principle contained in the Kansas-
Nebraska act of 1R54, which the whole South
Mitpporfed, and to which they are committed, and
which their leading men supported, as I supposed,
in good faith.
I have here, sir, extracts from various speeches
made by distinguished southern members upon
tiie Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854, proclaiming
their adherence to this very principle, that the
people of a Territory, like those of a State, should
have the right to exclude slavery, if they pleased
to do so, even by local legislation. Let me send
to the Clerk, to be read, an extract from the speech
of a gentleman who has always held a most dis-
tinguished position upon this floor—a man of
ability, and always strongly devoted to the rights
and interests of the South. I allude to Alexander ;
H. Stephens, of Georgia. I
The Clerk read, as follows: j
Extract from a speech of Hon. *1. II. Stephens, of Georgia, j
delivered in the House of Representative*, February 17, I
1854: |
" The whole question of <lnvcy or no slavery was to be I
left to the people of the Teiritouc*, whether noith oi south j
of 36° 3'J', or any other line. The question was to be taken j
out of Congre&s, where it had been linpioperJy thrust from i
the beginning, and to be left to the people concerned in the
matter to decide for themselves. This, I say, was the po-
sition orginaliy held by the South when the Missouri re-
striction was at first proposed. The principle upon which
that position rests, lies at the very foundation of all our re-
publican institutions : it is that the citizens of every dis-
tinct and sepaiate community or State should have, the right
to govern themselves in their domestic matters as they
please, and that they should be free from the intermeddling
restrictions and arbitrary dictation on such matters fiom
any other Power or Government in which they have no
voice. Tt was out of a violation of this very principle, to a
great extent, that the wai of the Revolution sprung. The
South was always on the republican side of tins question,
while the North—no ; or, at least, I will not say the entire
JVorth, for there have always been some of them with the
South on this qu^tion ; but t will say, while a majonty of
the North, under the Free-Boil lead of that section, up to
the settlement of tlie contest m 1830—weie on the other
side.
"The doctrine of the Restrictionists or Free-Soilers, or
those that hold that Congiess ought to impose their arbitrary
mandates upon ihe people of the Territoiie^ in tins paiticu-
lar, whether the people be willing or unwilling, is the doc-
trine ofjioid Noith and his adherents in the British Parlia-
ment, toward the colonies, duiing his administration. He
and they claimed the right to govern the Teintories in 4 all
cases whatsoever,5 notwithstanding the want oi lepresent-
afion on their part. The doctrine'of the South upon this
question has been, and is, the doctrine of the Whigs in 1775
and 1776. It involves the principle that the citizens of
every community bhould have a voice m their government.
Thu was the doctrine of the people of lloston in 1775, when
the response was made throughout the colonies—' the cause
of Boston is the cause of all.' And if there be any here
now who call themselves Whigs, anayed against this gteat
principle of republican government, I will do towauls them
ah Buike did m England. I will appeal fiom 'the new to
the old Whigs >  * * * * * *
uThis, sir, is what is called the compromise of 1850, so
far as this territorial question is concerned. It was. adopted
after the policy oi dividing terntoiy between the two Mic-
tions, Noith and South, was wholly abandoned, discarded,
and spurned by the North. It was hai-ed upon the truly
republican and national policy of taking this d^ruibmg ele-
ment out of Congress, and leaving the whole ques-tion of
slaveiy in the Terutones to the people there to settle it for
themselves. And it is in vindication of thai new punciple,
then established for the first time in the history of our
Government, in the year 1850, the middle of the nineteenth
century, that we, the fuends of the Nebraska bill, whether
fiom ttie Noith or the South, now call upon this House and
the countiy, to eatiy out, in good faith, and give effect to
the spiiit and intent of tho-.e mipoitant measures of torii-
torial legislation."—JJppendix to Congressional Globe, first
session IVut Uj-Thir<l Congress, volume 29, page 1U5.
Mr. ADRAIN. Now, sir, the same gentleman
expressed his views upon this subject again upon
the 17th of Januuiy, 1856, in which he used this
language:
" Now, sir, as r have stated, 1 voted loi tlus lull, leaving
the whole matter to the people to settle tor themselves, sub-
ject to no restriction or limitation but the Constitution.
With this distinct understanding of its impoiland meaning,
and with a detuinnnatum that the eAutence oi this powei
being disputed and doubted, it would be better and much
moie consistent with our old time lepubhean principles to
let. the people settle it than lor Cou.^o^s to do it. And al-
ihouuh my own opinion is that the people, under the lim-
itation^ oi the OoiiMitution, have not the right! ul power to
exclude slaveiy so long as they remain m a terntorial con-
dition, jet i .un wilhns; that they may determine it for them-
selvcs and when they please. I "hall never negative any
lawthev may pass, if it is the lCMilt of a fair legislative
e\[>iesMon of Hie popular will. Never' J am willing that
the Territoual Legislature may act upon the Mibjeet when
ami how they may think pioper Jlppemhr to Cr>n<rrc$-
uondl Globe, first session Thirty-Fourth Congress, volume
33, page 02.
That was the doctrine held by Mr. Stephens,
of Georgia, in regard to the Kansas-Nebraska act.
He put the same interpretation upon it that Mr.
Buchanan did, unci which was held by the Dem-
ocracy, in 1856, both North and Soutii. Mr.
Buchanan, in his inaugural address, declared it
ax his opinion that the people of a Territory, like
those of a State, have the right to determine their
own domestic institutions. He was of the opinion
that the agitating question of slavery ought to be
localized; that it ought to be taken away from the
hails of Congress, and left to the decision of those
who are most interested m the question.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I want to know whether south-
ern gentlemen intend to stand by this principle of
the Kansas-Nebiaska act, as it has been stated
by Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, who was their great
leader, and justly so, upon this floor. If the south-
ern Democracy will stand by that principle; if
they will declare that they advocate it in good
faith; if they will declare that they will put it in
the presidential canvass, in 1860,"then, sir, they ;
may expect that the Democracy of the North—
and I can speak of the Democracy of my State—
will support the same great principle. But, if
they dessert and surrender that principle, they need
not expect the Demociacy of my State, and, I
think, they need not expect the Democracy of any
northern State to stand by them, and assist in the
election of the nominee of the Charleston con-
vention standing upon any other platform.
Mr. Clerk, southern gentlemen are very much
afraid that, at the next presidential election, a Re-
publican candidate will be elected President of the
united States. Sir, the signs of the times indicate
that such will be the result; and X say now that,
unless the Democrats of the South—because the
Democrats of the North are right—come and
stand with us upon the platform which we hold
at the North, as sure as there is a God in heaven
so surely will the reins of this Government pass
into the hands of the Opposition. The Democrats
of my State can stand upon no other platform
than that which I have mentioned. The Demo-
crats of my State—and 1 may also S]3eak for a
large portion of the Republican party—hold to
the principle of popular sovereignty, the right of
self-government; and they intend to hold fast to
it, and will aid to elevate no man to the Presi-
dency who does not hold and stand by the same
principle. Now, how are we to prevent the elec-
tion of a Republican President ? Southern gentle-
men declare that his election will be a sufficient
cause for the dissolution of the Union; which, in
my humble judgment, is a most treasonable sen-
timent, and ought to bo condemned and put down
by every patriot in this land. But how is such an
election to be prevented ? I will tell gentlemen.
Just take Stephen A. Dougi.as, of Illinois, who
stands fairly and squarely upon the Cincinnati
platform, and upon the Kansas-Nebraska act, as
interpreted by Air. Buchanan in his letter accepting
the nomination for the Presidency, and no Repub-
lican will ever be elevated to the presidential choir
m opposition to that great and distinguished man.
But I do not know whether southern gentlemen
are ready to confer upon Mr. Douglas the high
honor of being the standard-bearer m 1860 of the
Democratic party. If they are not ready, why are
they not? What has Judge Douglas ever done
in derogation of southern rights and southern in-
stitutions ?
A Voicn. He advocates squatter sovereignty.
Mr. ADRAIN. No, sir; he is not the advo-
cate of squatter sovereignty. The gentleman has
not read Judge Douglas's article in Harper's
Magazine; because he there distinctly draws the
line between squatter and popular sovereignty.
Squatter sovereignty is the exercise of sovereignty
without law. Judge Douglas says that popu-
lar sovereignty is the exercise of sovereignty in
obcdicncc to law. There is where he stands, and
nowhere else. Now, I want to show southern
men how*they can escape, if they want to escape,
the great evil of the dissolution, perhaps, of the
Union, by the election of William H. Scward,
of New York. Just take the man who stands upon
the same principles and upon the stmv- platform
upon which Mr. Buchanan stood in 1856, when
he was elected, and the Democratic party will
again triumph in this country, and its Hag will
wave proudly and gloriously in the breeze; but
without him, or some other man standing fairly
and squarely upon that platform, with no double
construction, the Democratic flag will trail in the
dust, and the reins of the Government will pass
into the hands of the Opposition. If they ever do
obtain the control of the Government, I pray God
they will administer it honestly and prosperously,
and that no dissolution of the Union will ever
occur by any act of theirs.
Mr. BURNETT. If I understand the gentle-
man's position, it is, that unless a candidate is
nominated at Charleston upon the idea of popular
sovereignty as announced by him to-day, he will
not support that nominee. Is that so?
Mr. ADRAIN. That is a fair question, and it
shall be answered decidedly. If a candidate is
nominated by the Charleston convention, who is
not known to hold the same views I express here
to-day m icfcrence to the slavery question, which
are the f^ime views held by Mr. Buchanan, in
1856, and held by southern leading men when
they expressed their sentiments upon the Kansas-
Nebraska bill at the time it was under considera-
tion, and held by the Democrats of my State,
speaking for them, as well as myself, I say I will
not vote for any such candidate.
Mr. BURNETT. One further question. I
then understand the gentleman to announce that
neither he nor his constituents will vote for any
man who may be nominated at Charleston by the
Democratic party who docs not indorse the doc-
