1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
304#
owe for them; that wo owe for the labor bestowed
by the workmen on this Capitol; and I, for one,
am in favor of paying our honest debts.
Mr. QJJARLES. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I move to amend
the amendment by reducing the sum proposed five
dollars; and my object in doing it is to make a
few remarks. I profess to have no knowledge
myself—it is not to be expected that a member of
the House not on the committee should have any
definite knowledge—of what would be a proper
appropriation for continuing the work necessary
to be done for the completion of this Capitol. I
take it for granted, however, that there is some
approximation to whnt may be a correct amount
in the proposition from the Senate. It is based
upon some reliable data, I presume, from the par-
ticular sum required. I do not agree with my
friend from Tennessee in repudiating the idea of
bestowing any more of the treasure of this nation
upon the adornment and completion of this Cap-
itol. Sir, I shall never hesitate, whenever a proper
appropriation is called for for the completion or
the embellishment of the Capitol of my country,
to vote for it with pleasure; and I will not stop
to inquire what is the condition of the Treasury.
Our Government has good credit, and its Capitol
is in a state of improvement. I will not interrupt
the work, J will not obstruct it, while the coun-
try can borrow money at four or jive per cent. I
hold it to be a mark of patriotic duty to make this
Capitol what it was designed to be by the archi-
tects, who have, by authority of law, devised the
plans for the extension, in one wing of which we
now hold our sessions. 1 propose to go on with
it, and to complete it, and to make it the pride
and the boast of our country that it has such an
edifice in which its national Legislature holds its
sittings.
Sir, as for that economy which would leave the
Capitol of the nation unfinished,and persuade the
people that the sessions of the national Legis-
lature might be held in a huge log cabin, it suits
not my taste. I have never made a vote out of
the people of my district—and I never expect to
make one—by views of that sort. I say to the
poorest man, that it should be a source of just
pride to him, if ho has an American heart in his
bosom, to go to the scat of Government, thatbears
the honored name of the Father of his Country,
and see what a splendid edifice it is in which the
people's representatives meet. It belongs as much
to him as to the wealthiest citizen; and the poor
man does not need to be impressed with the idea
that the expense comes out of his pocket. Sir, in
the main, under our revenue system, it does not
come from that source; it does not oppress the
poor man. It comes chiefly from the pockets of
the rich, or of those who imitate the rich, in lavish
expenditure, whether They be nch or not. And
these appeals to the poor man, who spends but little
in dutiable articles in support of his national Gov-
ernment, are, in my judgment, calculated to im-
pair the love of country that ought to exist among
the people. I have never made them, and I never
shall make them. 1 shall vote,so long as I have
the honor of a seat upon this tloor, adequate sup-
plies for the perfection of all the public works m
this city; and I shall so vote for the additional
reason, that I desire to mako this Capitol the seat
of a national constitutional government of the
American people for a thousand years to come. I
would make it the shrine of patriotism, embel-
lished with the cboicestgems of art. Every niche
should be filled with statuary commemorative of
our great men, from the muster-hands of oar best
sculptors; and every panel enriched with lepre-
sentations of Amencan hisloiy, from the pencils
of our greatest pamtcis. And I would not re-
strict then* ornamentation to the aitists of our
own country if I did not believe that it already
possesses genius and cultivated talent worthy of
the noble task. I now propose to withdraw my
amendmen t.
Mr. GROW. So far as the completion of the
public buildings is concerned, if it is necessary
to finish them some time, then the depreciation of
the material is greater than the interest on the
cost of completing them. The estimates sent to
the Societaly of the Treasury for keeping the
public works and fortifications in repair were, I,
believe, $2,500,000, The Secretary sent to Con-
gress an estimate of about seven hundred thou-
sand dollars, cutting them down thus much from
the estimates of the men in charge of the work;
and I believe we appropriated in the fortification
bill hut §600,000 out of the $2,500,000 asked for
by the engineer corps in charge of the works.
But $5,000 was estimated by the Secretary for
the Treasury Department, and everybody knows
that that would not Jay up scarcely a single stone.
What is the reason why the expenses of the
Government should be estimated for this year
far below the public wants?
Mr. CRAWFORD, Allow me to answer the
gentleman's question.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman can answer me
when I get through, unless I am wrong in my
figures or statement.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the Secretary of the Treasury
recommended $5,000 for the extension of the
Treasury.
Mr. GROW. For the Treasury building.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is a mistake. He
estimated §5,000 for the preservation of the work,
and not for the extension.
Mr. GROW. Call it what you please. He
estimated §5,000 for the Treasury building; that
is all. Now, it is only a question for Congress,
whether they think it necessary to complete that
building or not. If so, it will be better to appro-
priate the money to-day than ten years hence,
when it will cost a great deal more, from the de-
preciation which the buildingwill have sustained
from being left unprotected and unfinished.
Now, I know not whether this amount is ne-
cessary for this building, but 1 know this: that
this Congress ought to appropriate all the money
which is ncccssary to prosecute the work on the
public buildings rapidly and successfully to their
completion. No gentleman, I presume, proposes
to leave the Capitol in its present shape, with its
gable ends out, with its dome looking as if a can-
non ball had cut it off, and with everything at
loose ends. 1 say no gentleman proposes to leave
the Capitol standing m this way. Because you
have not the money now, and because you never
will have it unless some change is made in the
revenue policy of the Government, is that any
reason why we shall postpone the work on these
buildings, if itis realiy necessary that they should
be completed ? It would be much cheaper for the
Government to borrow the money, and pay the
interest on it, than to allow the woik to remain in
its present condition. The loss, in consequence
of dilapidation, sustained by the incomplete state
of the buildings, will be more than the interest on
the money it will require to complete them, if you
have to borrow it.
Now, my purpose is merely to call the atten-
tion of the committee to these facts. I want the
committee and the country to understand that,
unless you now appro pi uite money for the public
works of defense, and for the necessary public
buildings which have been commenced, and which
have been estimated for by the proper officers—I
say, unless you appropriate the money to go on
and complete them this year, you will have to doit
next in the shape of a deficiency, or leave these
works unfinished. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] that these works ought
to be finished by this Administration. We do
not want the incoming Administration that we
are going to install on the 4th of March next, and
which we intend shall be an economical and hon-
est one, to be loaded down by the obligations
incurred on the part of the Administration which
will then go out of power.
The amendment pioposed by Mr. Hill was
disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Foi il)<> pto^ecution of the woik on the Capitol extension
during tin fwal yeat ending the 30th June, 1SG1, the &uin
or *;*uo,uoo.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I would like to
know of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pet-
tit,] or from some gentleman who can answer
the question, what has become of the art commis-
sion authouzed to Ijc appointed by the President
of the United States by the last Congress, which
was to take charge of the further embellishment
of the Capitol ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maryland submit an amendment?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Yes, sir; I move
to strike out $300,000. I merely want to know
whether this money, if any of it is to be ex-
pended for works of art, is to be placed under the
direction of this art commission?
Mr. BEALE. If the gentleman from Mary-,
land will permit me, I will offer an amendment
upon the very subject the gentleman is speaking
of.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Let the gentle-
man's amendment be read..
Mr. BEALE. I propose to add to the amend-
ment of the Senate the following proviso:
Provided, That none of the* money hereby appropriated
shall be expended 111 tile decoration and embellishment of
the Capitol extension by sculpture or painting, or other
works of illustrative art, unless the designs tor the same
shall have been approved by the ait eomnnsMon appointed
by the President, May 15, 1859, in pursuance of acts Of
Congress of June 12,1858. and March 3,3859; but this pto-
vision shall not be so construed as to infeif'eie with the
completion and payment for woiks already begun by Craw-
ford and Itogeis.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am very glad
my friend has put in that amendment; because it
comes to the practical point of the suggestion I
desire to make. I will withdraw my amendment,
for the purpose of allowing him to offer his reg-
ularly. Before doing so, however, 1 wish to say
one word. I am entirely opposed to any expendi-
ture of money in connection with the ornamenta-
tion or completion of this Capitol, unless there
can be some guarantee that a more refined and
cultivated taste is to be exercised in that comple-
tion than has, to a great extent, been shown in
the work that has been done up to this point.
There are portions of this building that reflect
credit upon the country, and upon those who have
had charge of the work; but there are other por-
tions—and I am afraid much the hu«;er portion—
that arc absolutely disreputable to everybody con-
nected with the prosecution of the work on the
Capitol, and to the nation itself. "Why, sir, there
are incongruities and absurdities carried out upon
these walls, and upon the ceilings of many of the
committee-rooms of this Capitol, that are, con-
sidering all the ciroumstancL'S of the case and of
the character of the building, about as inappro-
priate and ridiculous as could well be conceived
of.
WI13-, sir, the idea of the national uses of the
building seems to have been foreign to the minds
of those who have superintended these matters.
Instead of the occasion being availed of to suggest,
in the decoration of the building, incentives to
patriotic sentiment, byienewing to the populai
gaze the great achievements of the past—instead
of reproducing here, in the fidelity of painting
and sculpture, the great deeds and men of the
better eras of the Republic—the whole building
appears to have been delivered over to the gross
and flashy conceits of second-rate German or
Italian fresco painters, who have covered the
wails of corridors and committee-rooms with in-
appropriate designs of flowers ami fruits, Vcnuses,
bacchantes, flying dragons with heads of chicken
cocks, and curious combinations neither human,
divine, mythological, nor allegorical. The Naval
Committee room, upon the Senate side, is a curi-
ous illustration of this unfitness. Its designs are
from the villas of Pompeii, or such as once glowed
upon the walls of the palaces of Herculaneutn.
Many of these tilings aie very prettily executed,
I admit, but not in place or harmony with the
Capitol of the American people.
Now, sir, I am willing, and I have 110 doubt
e\eiy gentlemen here is, to appropriate whatever
amount is ncccssary for the completion of this
Capitol in such a manner as shall be creditable
to the whole country; but I do hope that we will
j spend no more money unless it be in connection
! with some such guarantee as is suggested by the
' amendment which my friend has just had read;
and for the purpose of enabling him to submit his
amendment in order, E now withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BEALE then submitted his amendment as
an addition to the Se11a.ro amciklmnit.
Mr. PETTIT. If gentlemen will turn to the
thirty-sixth amendment of the 8on te, which will
; be found on page 20 of the bill, tlicy will find a
j section providing for the repeal of all existing
j laws creating an art commission, It will thus be
j seen that there is alreadyla\v upon tiny subject,
j and that this pvQpPMUou of the gentleman frvom
