1859.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
trine that the people of a Territory may, by un-
friendly legislation, exclude slavery therefrom.
Is that so ?
Mr. ADRAIN. Yes, sir; and 110 mistake
about it.
Mr. GARTRELL. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to undertake to state the sentiments of
Judge Douglas upon that question?
Mr. ADRAIN. I am not here as the expounder
of the doctrine of Judge Douglas. That gentle-
man is able to speak for himself. He has spoken
through Harper's Magazine, and through other
papers in which he has replied to the Attorney
General of the United States, who spoke for the
Administration. In that controversy, I think the
Attorney General was completely defeated, and
if the gentleman has read those papers he knows
the sentiments of Judge Douglas; and if he has
not read tlicm, and wants to know Judge Doug-
las's sentiments, I will furnish him with the pa-
pers, and he can read them at his leisure.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Do I understand the
gentleman to be in favor of Judge Douglas for
the Presidency ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I am.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. And you agree with him
in sentiment?
Mr. ADRAIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I desire to know
why you will not act with his friends upon this
floor in the organization of the House.
Mr. ADRAIN. I will tell the gentleman why,
and first, I wish to inform him of the position I
hold upon this floor. I was read out of the party
by this Administration—I mean Mr. Buchanan's
party. Mr. Bocock is the candidate for Speaker
of the Administration.
Members on'the Democratic side. No, sir.
Mr. ADRAIN. And, sir, I am not now to be
read into the Democratic party, or compelled to
obey the dictates of Mr. Buchanan and those in
power.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is not an answer
to my question at all. Why do you not take the
advice of Judge Douglas to his friends in the
House of Representatives, and go with the Dem-
ocrats m the election of Speaker ?
. Mr. ADRAIN. You must first show that
Judge Douglas gave me any such advice. I
never heard it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I judge from the action
of Illinois Representatives, who are known to
be his friends, who are gallcnt men, who are tiuo
men, and who stand inside the Democratic organ-
ization; and I judge from that fact that Judge
Douglas is inside the Democratic organization
also. I judge that his Illinois friends on this floor
reflect his views and his sentiments; and I repeat
the question why do you not act with them in
the election of Speaker of the House?
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 answer, that I act on this
floor for myself. 1 have always done so while I
have had the honor of a seat here; and I intend
to do so hereafter. I have no assurance either
that, because Judpe Douglas's Illinois friends
have seen fit to go into the Democratic caucus, he
therefore wished us to go in. He may have wished
his own friends from Illinois to go in; and I sup-
pose he did, for his own particular purposes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What are they ?
Mr ADRAIN. I do not know anything about
them. I am only supposing that he had some ob-
ject in view, because, generally, no gentleman, ex-
cept he is a fool, acts without an object. [Laugh-
ter.] Therefore, I suppose that Judge Douglas
did wish, and perhaps actually request, the mem-
bers from Illinois to go into the Democratic cau-
cus , but he never asked me to go in; and for aught
X know, I may have been acting in conformity with
his views. 1 do not know to the contrary; but I
hold myself responsible here for my own acts.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If my friend will
permit me, I will say that I have reason to believe
that it would have been acceptable to Judge Doug-
las if his friends in this House, occupying the po-
sition which the honorable gentleman and myself
hold, had gone into the Democratic caucus.
Members on the Democratic benches. That is
right.
Mr. ADRAIN. I presume that the honorable
gentleman" from New York may have had some
conversation with Judge Douglas, from which he
gathered that it was his wish that all his friends
here (and he has no stronger and better friend than
I am) should go into the Democratic caucus; but
I had no such intimation from Judge Douglas.
And let me ask, Mr. Clerk, what would have
been my position if I had gone into that Demo-
cratic caucus? I am here as an independent man,
to-act for myself, according to my own convic-
tions of right, and according to the political prin-
ciples which I hold, and which are held by the
Democracy of my State; and if I had gone into
the Democratic caucus, what would have been the
result? Just what has occurred. Mr. Bocock,
who does not hold the views that I hold on the
question of slavery, would have received the nom-
ination all the §ame. He would have been mis-
representing me; and that fact would have gone
back to my constituents, and they would have
considered that I was debased—that I was yield-
ing and bowing the knee to the Administration,
in opposition to which I was electcd, and that I
was surrendering up all the principles on which
I was elected, and to which I intend to cling.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope that my
friend docs not understand me as saying that
Judge DoucLAsmade any such requestof myself,
or as attempting to speak by his authority, I
merely said, and I repeat, that I havp reason to
know that it would have been acceptable to Judge
Douglas if his friends m this House, occupying
your [Mr. Adrain's] position and mine, could
have felt it to be their duty to cooperate with the
Democratic majority in the organization of the
House.
Mr. ADRAIN. Why did not the gentleman,
knowing that fact, go into the Democratic caucus,
according to the wish of Judge Douglas?
Mr. CLARK, ofNewYork. At a proper time
I shall give my reasons, and trust that they will
be acceptable to my friend from New Jersey.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hi1 vc no doubt they will be
acceptable to me, because the gentleman generally
gives the best of reasons; but it strikes me as a
singular fact that the gentleman, knowing Judge
Douglas's wish, did notgo into the caucus. For
my part, I could not have gone into it without
debasing myself. I say that there is no member
of the Democratic party (for I claim to belong to
that party) who has more desire to reunite it than
1 have—who more desires that we shall all stand
together in solid column m the next presidential
canvass, and march on victorious to the election,
I hope, of Stephen A. Douglas for the Presi-
dency of the United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do you not know
that Judge Douglas will support the nominee of
the Charleston convention?
Mr. ADRAIN. All I know on that subject is
what Judge Doughs himself has said. I have
seen his letter to Mr. Dorr, in which he says he
will not be a candidate of the Charleston conven-
tion unless that convention adopt his platform of
principles. The inference from that is, that if he
would not stand on that platform himself, it would
be the grossest inconsistency for him to vote for
any man who did not stand on that platform.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the gentleman
as defining his political status at this time. He is
a public man, and professes to be speaking for a
branch of what lie is pleased to style Democracy.
T desire to know whether it is his purpose to go
into the Charleston convention, and to support
the nominee of that convention?
Mr. ADRAIN. I answer the gentleman that
1 shall not be. seen at the Charleston convention.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman support
its nominee ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I have answered that already,
because it depends on certain contingencies.
If the nominee of the Charleston convention
stands upon the platform of principles thatl have
laid down here to-day, and which is laid down in
the resolutions adopted by the Democracy of my
State, I will support the nominee of the Charles-
ton convention; and if he does not stand upon
that platform, neither I nor the Democracy of my
State will give him that support; and it is time
that we understood each other. It was said in
the Senate, by the distinguished gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] I believe, that the
next time a platform was laid down he did not
intend to be cheated, and Judge Douglas replied
thnt he did not intend to be cheated either. Gen-
tlemen, I hope we are all honest men, and do not
want to cheat one another. If there is a platform
to be laid down at Charleston at all, for Heaven's
sake-do not let it look one way at the South and
another at the North, so as to catch the Democ-
racy of both sections. I despise a.platform of that
character. I say do not let vis be cheated, but let
us, like honest men, like men who know what we
are about and are going to do an honest work,
let us lay down a platform that every man ban
read and understand, and in regard to which there
will be no double construction.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New Jersey a question.
Mr. ADRAIN. I should like to oolige the gen-
tleman, but I cannot yield to these interruptions,
bccause I am quite indisposed and wish to get
through with what I have to say upon this occa-
sion. I mean no disrespect to the gentleman. At
any other time I will answer any question he may
desire to put.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Only one ques-
tion.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Allow me to
make a suggestion.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, I will hear the question
of the gentleman from Kentucky first.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I will ask you
if Mr. Buchanan was elected to the Presidency
on the northern construction of the Cincinnati
platform ?
Mr. ADRAIN. Yes, sir; and I wish to say
that in my district, in 1856,1 wont f(5r six weeks
from stump to stump addressing my people, and
declaring that the people of a Territory, like those
of a State, should regulate this question of slavery
for themselves; and when I was read out of the
Democratic party by Mr. Buchanan and his Ad-
ministration and went back before my people, in
1858, I traveled over the same ground, over the
blue hills of Warren county, and along the sweet
valleys of Hunterdon, proclaiming the same sen-
timents that I did in 1856, and when I was through
speaking, the people would gather around me and
! say, " Why,Mr. Adrain, you are a Democrat still;
the Administration have read you out of the party,
but you speak just the same as you did in 1856,
and 'you arc a Democrat, and wo intend to sus-
tain you."
Mr. DE JARNETTE rose.
Mr. ADRAIN. I cannot now yield to any
further questions.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Let me make a
single suggestion.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, one suggestion. Know-
ing you to be always so gentlemanly and cour-
teous, I cannot refuse you.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wish my friend
would put a question to some of the gentlemen
around him, who can speak more authoritatively
than he or I can, of the views of the Democratic
majority in this House, to this simple point:
whether they will sustain the nominee of the
Charleston convention, if he is placed upon aplat-
form which prohibits legislation by Congress in
favor of slavery in the Territories, which prohi-
bits the relaxation or abrogation of the laws of
Congress prohibitory of the African slave trade,
and which permits the people of a Territory, act-
ing through the Territorial Legislature, to exclude
slavery whenever they see fit? A response to that
question may possibly facilitate the organization
of the House.
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Clerk, I wish to proceed
with the remarks that I have to make, and after
I am through, there will be an opportunity for
gentlemen on this side of the House to answer
fully to the very proper and pertinent question
which has been addressed to them by the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. Clerk, while I have oppressed these views
upon the slavery question, I hope my friends
around me here will not sot me down as an Abo-
litionist or as a Republican. I belong to the Demo-
cratic party and hold to the platform of Democratic
principles, as I understand it. And I wish south-
ern gentlemen to understand the sentiments of my
State. It is a small State, but it is a patriotic
State. Why, sir, there is no State in this Union
I which engaged more heartily in the revolutionary
struggle than did the State I represent. That
State was baptized with the best blood of the Rev-
olution. And let me say here, that one reason
why I have spoken to-day is because it was ex-
pected of me. I have been written to by my con-
stituents; they want me to state upon this floor,
at once, to the H®use and to the country, that the
