2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
his room and board, and his clerk to write his
letters. It is now proposed to give him $1,500 a
year, in addition to that-salary, for nearly three
years. I ask the Senate if there is any justice in
this kind of legislation? I want to know why it
is that this man shall be singled out and made an
objectof special favor and gratuity bestowed upon
him. For nearly three years he was under com-
mission, and only rendered twenty-one months'
service. I know that this body, on two occasions,
passed a bill for his relief, increasing the pay to
the amount now asked; and I am equally sensible
that it went through this body without fair con-
sideration, without the case ever having been
stated by any one to the Senate. If it had been
presented on its merits, it never could have gone
through the Senate.
In addition to this, Mr. President, the super-
intendent, as you will find by the communication
just read, used some five or six thousand dollars
of the public money for the erection of a superin-
tendency building. His accounts were presented
here, settled, and allowed. The superintendency
building has never been appropriated to that pur-
pose sincc Dr. Dart was there. He did not pro-
cure, as I am informed, a right to the soil. He
did not build it in such way that it could become
Government property; but he erected a building
upon private ground, the property of a Mr. Whit-
comb, or Mr. Torrence, without any color of
title to the ground on which he put it. Mark
you, sir, he resigned on the 22d of December,
1852, the resignation to take effect on the last of
June, 1853, and set out for "Washington in April,
1853; giving himself from December, from the
day he forwarded his resignation, until the last,
of June, over six months, to reach Washington;
during which time he expected to draw pay, and
did so up to near the 1st of May. The building
stands there occupied as private property, though
built at the expense of the Government by this
superintendent, and the Government can put up
no color of right to it. It does not belong to the
Government; and though he had agents and sub-
agents in tluit country, instead of turning over
the public property belonging to this Government
to them, he turned it over to%Vhitcomb, a private
individual, with the understanding that Whit-
comb should turn it over to the next superintend-
ent. He did not wait to see who he might be.
He did not turn it over to an agent or sub-agent,
or any person authorized by the Government to
receive it; and now they come up here, after all
this expense, and all this loss of time, and this
delay in the discharge of duty, and ask an in-
crease of pay for this gentleman of $1,500 a yeai.
They propose to pay him for three years $4,500
additional, when he was on duty less than twenty-
two months.
Now, I ask the Senate if they will do any such
thing ? Will they ever pass such a bill as to al-
low this man pay for a time that he was not on
duty—pay for services never rendered? How
the Senator can get up here m the Senate and
press this claim 1 am at a loss to see, for there is
ho justice in it; but if it is to pass, if it is to be-
come a law, the amendment which 1 offer ought
to be included, that the superintendent who served
previous to Dr. Dart may have the benefit of it,
and that his successors may have the same pay
that Dr. Dart under this bill will receive. The
duties of superintendent were very much more
complicated when the territorial government of
Oregon was first organized than when he went
there. The first superintendent was never away
from his post of duty one hour during his term.
He did not visit Washington. His expenses
were not paid to the Pacific coast. He went there
without its costing the. Government one cent, re-
mained on duty during his term, was faithful in
the discharge of his duty, and so ithas been with
the successors of Dr. Dart. Why they should
not be entitled to the same consideration with
Dart I cannot understand. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will pause. The hour having arrived for the con-
sideration of the special order, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to announce that as the first
business in order.
Mr. LANE. When this case comes up again,
I shall conclude my remarks on it. I desire that
the communications which were read by the Sec-
retary bo printed; and 1 make that motion.
Tins motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish that the special
order which was made for to-day shall interfere
with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
who could not address the Senate yesterday: and
I therefore move that it be postponed until one
o'clock to-morrow, and mailc the special order
for that time. It is the overland mail bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Oregon moved
that some communications be printed. 1 desire
that motion reconsidered. They will be printed
in the report of the proceedings of the Senate; and
I move to reconsider that vote.
Mr. GWIN. Let the motion to reconsider go
over'.
Mr. HALE. No. They will be printed if I
do not press it.
Mr. GWIN. The reconsideration stops the
printing.
Mr. HALE. I move to reconsider the vote,
on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, to print
those papers. I do it because they will be printed
in the regular report of our proceedings. There
is no sort of necessity for printing them £y the
Public Printer. The motion, if made, ought to
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LANE. Will the papers read by the Sec-
retary be printed?
Mr. HALE. They will be printed as a part
of the proceedings of the Senate. That is enough.
Mr. LANE. Then I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
regard it as the sense of the Senate that the motion
to print is reconsidered; and the motion is consid-
ered as withdrawn.
relations of states.
Mr. PUGH. I call for the consideration of the
special order for this hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The spccial
order has been postponed. The Chair presumes
that the Senator moves to take up the resolutions
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the lesolutions sub-
mitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st of March, relative
to the relation of the States, the rights of property
in the Territuiies, and the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law.
Mr. DOUGLAS proceeded to address the Sen-
ate, and spoke for three hours. [This speech,
when concluded, will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator from Illinois
will give way, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. DOUfcrLAS. I will say to my friend from
Georgia that I had no idea how much time the
reading of the extracts which I have had read
would take. I have wearied the patience of the
Senate and exhausted my own strength far beyond
what I had intended. I have, however, nearly
got through.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sure it is agreeable to the
Senate to adjourn, if the Senator from Illinois
wishes it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am so much exhausted
that I fear 1 shall not be able to conclude to-night,
and [ will accept the courteous suggestion of the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 15, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe this is the first morn-
ing that we have met under the resolution requir-
ing us to meet at eleven o'clock, and I find, as I
supposed would be the.case when the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Etiieridge] offered the reso-
lution, that we are without a quorum. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee, who was taken with such
a sudden fit of industry, is not in his seat him-
self. I object to the reading of the Journal until
a quorum is present.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will not be read
until there is a quorum here.
Mr. STANTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Kentucky if he ever knew of a change in
the hour of meeting when we were not without a
quorum for a week?
Mr. BURNETT. I never did.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adram, Aldricli, Ashley, Ashmoic, Babbitt,
Barksdalc, Barrett, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocoek, Dun-
ham. Bouhgny, Biown, Burhngame, Buriough--. Butterfield,
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clemen:?, Clopton, Clark
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Conkling, Convin, Covode,
Cox, Burton Craige,Cuny,Davidson,De Jarnette,Delano,
Diuiniick, Duell,Edmuncl&oti, English, Famswoitl), Flor-
ence, Fouke, French, G.unett, Gooch,Grow« Guiley, Hall,
Hamilton, John T. Hariis.Haskiii, Ilatton, Hawkins, Hick-
man, Hill, Ilmdtnan, Howard, Jenkins, Jones, Junkln,
Keitt, Francirf W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kiigoru, Kil-
Ungcr, Kimkei, Lamar, Landruni, Leake, Love, MacJay,
Charles I). Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McClenruid, Mc-
Queen, Mciiae. Miles, Montgomeiy, Sydenham Moore,
Ibaac N. Morris, Nelson, Olin, Palmer, Poitci, Reagan,
Reynolds, liice, Christopher Robinson, James C Robinson,
Rtiffin, Rust, Scranton, Sickles, Singleton, William N. H.
Smith, Some?, Spaulding, Spinner, Stalhvorth, Steven?,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thayer,
Theaker, Trimble, Valiandtghani, Verrec, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Webster, Wlnteley, Wilson, Window, Wood,
and Wright.
Mr. HOUSTON (during the call of the roll)
said: I have just come from the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I desire to say, in behalf of the
other members of the committee who were pres-
ent—Messrs. Hickman,Taylor, Robinson,Por-
ter, Reynolds, and Bingham—that that commit-
tee is now in session under the permission of the
House. I think their names ought to be entered
on the Journal as being present.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The roll having been called through twice,and
a quorum of the House—one hundred and twenty-
three members—having answered to their names,
all further proceedings in the call were dispense d
with.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. TRAIN. My colleague, Mr., Tiiayer,
who is absent from the city, desired me, at the
earliest moment, to correct an error into which he
fell in his speech on the territorial question. He
slated tlmt there weie but three hundred people in
the new Territory of Chippewa, and gave as his
authority for that statement the gentleman here
representing the interests of Dakota, (Mr. Kid-
der.) He desires me to say that he was mis-
taken; that he did not derive the information from
Mr. Kidder, hut from the contestant from Ne-
braska, Mr. Daly; and he desired this statement
to be made in justice to the gentleman from Da-
kota.
united states arsenal at st. louis.
Mr. BOTELER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, a bill (H.
R. No. 132) to remove the United States arsenal
from the city of St. Louis, and to establish the
same, together with a national armory, at Jeffer-
son barracks; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was thus referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mississippi river survey.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to give notice
that, on Monday next, I will attempt to call up the
joint resolution reported from the Committee on
Public Lands providing for the survey of the
river bank at the western end of my State. I will
remark that the report is a long one and has been
printed; and, as. I shall take no time to argue the
case, I hope that those gentlemen who desire to
examine it will do so between now and Monday
next.
% deficiency bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the deficiency bill and
the amendments of the Senate thereto; and moved
that the report be printed, and that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
