1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
Mr. McRAE. When the gentleman shall have
answered my question fairly, I will answer his
fairly. [Continued laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 believe it is perfectly ap-
parent that I did answer the question which the
gentleman propounded to me. I said that if the
Charleston convention adopt the Cincinnati plat-
form, and put oa it a man who will construe it as
Judge Douglas const! ues it, I will support him;
and if they do not nominate such a man, I will
not support him.
Mr. McRAE. That is not an answer to my
question. I asked the gentleman whether, if the
Charleston convention should adopt the platform
adopted at Cincinnati—without Mr. Buchanan's
construction, or Mr. Douglas's construction, or ;
any other construction—he would vote for the
nominee. Mow he comes forward, and says that
if the nominee construe it as lie understands Mr.
Buchanan did, he will support him. 1 ask lum
and this House, if that is a fair answer to my
question? My question is, whctjier he would
support the candidate without any construction r
Mr. ADRAIN. I would not support him, with-
out such a construction as would show that the
candidate that stands on the platform holds to the
doctrine that the people of a Territory, as well as
those of a State, may decide the question of sla-
very for themselves.
Mr. McRAE. Then the gentleman will not
support the nominee of the Charleston conven-
tion on the Cincinnati platfoim, without some
construction beingplaccd on it, and the one which
he puts upon it?
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not say that the Charles-
ton convention must, in language, put that con-
struction upon it; but I do say that the man who
stands on it must be known to construe it in the
way I do, and in the way which Mr. Buchanan
did m 1856, because I do not want to be cheated.
I want to know where the nominee of the Chailes-
ton convention stands—whether with 1 lie south-
ern construction, or tiie northern construction of
the Cincinnati platform.
Mr. McRAE. Now, Mr. Clerk, as the gen-
tleman has refused absolutely to answer my ques-
tion, [laughter,] and says that he will not support
the nominee of the Charleston convention with-
out a construction being placed on the platform,
such as conforms to his own idea, I put it to the
sense of this House whether he can call on me to
answer his question. [Laughter.] But, sir, I
take no advantage of that. I am ready to state
what I will do in answer to his question, if he will
answer mine fairly. I ask him a fair question;
and if he does not answer it fairly, he lias no
claim to ask me another. If any member, occu-
pying any other position, desires to know whore
I stand, and how I shall stand in regard to the
action of the Charleston convention, let him come
up and meet mo fairly and squarely.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman from
Mississippi allow me to intcrrupt'him? I wish to
say, very distinctly, that I will vote for no man
who is put on the naked Cincinnati platform, and
I will state the reason very briefly. The North
insists that the construction of that platform is,
that the people of a Territory, while m a terri-
torial condition, have the right to exclude slavery
by legislative enactment, if they desire to do so.
The South construes the Cincinnati platform to
mean that they shall only exclude slavery when
they conic to form a State constitution and to be
admitted into the Union. There is an issue joined
between the North and South as to the proper
interpretation and constiuction of that platform.
I then say that I, as a Democrat, will not vote
for any mail—even for Judge Douglas,—who is
placed on the Cincinnati platform without expla-
nation. Now I wish to know the gentleman's
views on that point.
Mr. McRAE. I have this answer to make to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in regaid to the
political position which he now occupies. Yes-
terday, he announced his determination not to co-
operate further with the Democratic party.
Mr. HICKMAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don.
Mr. McRAE. lie stands on the Opposition
side; and in his choicc between the two great
parties now represented m this House, he means,
nf I understand him right, to cooperate with the
.Republican party.
Mr. HICKMAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. 1 think I did not say anything of the kind.
My speech has not been altered by me materially
since the reporters gave it to me; and, I think, he
will not find anything of the kind'in it.
,\jr. McRAE. Well, to settle that, I ask the
gentleman with which side he means to cooperate
in the selection of Speaker ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I mean to cooperate with
any political sentiment which I know is against
the Administration party; for I consider that the
most obnoxious sentiment that can be put for-
ward. [Applause and hisses.]
Mr. McRAE. You see, Mr. Clerk, I cannot
get a fair answer out of any man. [Laughter.]
You further see, sir, that if the gentleman means
to cooperate with that party which is against the
Administration, then the logical inference is that
he means to cooperate with the Republican party.
Does not every man see that? Do not gentlemen
know it?
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
Mississippi yield to me ?
Mr. McRAE. No, sir; I do not mean to be in-
terrupted by any of my own friends. [Laughter.]
I will tell you what I have seen upon this iloor. 1
have seen the impression manifested, by gentlemen
who ask questions, that 110 one else understands
the qitestion they are discussing but themselves,
and they will put something in your mouth to say.
[Renewed laughter.] Now, I think I understand
this whole question; and, if gentlemen will let me
go on, 1 think I will illustrate it, and bring every
man to 
Mr. FLORENCE. I merely desire, if the gen-
tleman will listen to me for a moment, 
Mr. McRAE. No, sir; I will not listen a mo-
ment. [Laughter.] 1 ask the Clerk, as a matter
of protection—as since i have been here during
tile last session and this, I have never interrupted
any gentleman—to call any gentleman to order
who interrupts me without my consent. 1 think
: I understand the position of the Republican party,
| of the Democratic party, of the southern Opposi-
tionists, and of the anti-Leeompton men. I thmk
I understand ail their positions, oml 1 could make
a platform that any of those parties- wtfukl adopt
—either of them. [Laughter.] The confusion and
disorder thatexistsin this House arises, m agreat
measure, from men thinking that the speaker
does not understand what he is about, and inter-
rupting him to make him understand something.
I sit hero quietly in my seat, and never get up
and run over to hear what a man has got to say,
but I am frequently prevented from hearing what
is said by others getting up and running m my
■way When I have not the floor I am modest
enough to keep my seat, and have not the impu-
dence to call people to order even. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, as I have said to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, from what he said yesterday, and
from his refusal to answer my question plainly
and fairly to-day, the legitimate and logical infer-
ence is that he has taken Ins position with the
Republican side of the House, and he is, there-
fore, not entitled to any information with refer-
ence to imy qii' :o!o)i whieh divides Democrats.
[Much laughter ] There is a question in the Dem-
ocratic party as to the real construction ol the
Democratic platform, and that question grows out
of what the gentleman has stated to the House, as
to the right of the people of a Territory to decide
whether slavery shall or shall not be excluded by
non-action or unfriendly legislation. But is that
a question between the Democracy and the Re-
publicans ? Not at all. The question between
the Democracy and the Republicans is, whether
Congress has sovereignty over the Territoiies
upon this subject. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will come up and say that he belongs to
the Democratic side of the House and is going to
vote with us for Speaker, I will say that he le-
gitimately entitled to the information, and I will
answer his question. If he does not do so, but
takes lus position with the other side, he is not
entitled to it.
But I am not afuid to answer the question. I
have my opinions upon that subject; ami, as I
have said, i will answer the question fairly when-
ever any person who is legitimately entitled to
ask it, does so. But I mean to put every one is
his proper position in the House; because I in-
tend, before I get through, to fix the responsibility
on those who prevent the organization, and who
are now responsible for this discussion. Those
are the two points I intend to make. I then intend
to review, to some extent, the speeches whieh
have been made and the positions assumed by
gentlemen who have preceded me, and to close
with my opinions in reference to the value of the
Union, and my position m the event of a Black
Republican President being elccted.
Mr. HICKMAN. If the gentleman wishesan
answer now, I will give him one.
Mr. McRAE. No; I do not wish any answer
from a gentleman who will not answer a fair
question. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Mississippi to give way for a motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, there is no gentle-
man m this House for whom I have a higher re-
spect than I have for the gentleman who asks me
if I will give way for a motion to adjourn; but 1
do not see, as the House seems interested in
what I am saying, what lie wants to adjourn for.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. It was not in that spirit
that I made the suggestion; and I withdraw my
application if it is not agreeable to the gentleman.
Mr. McRAE. If the gentleman is not inter-
ested in what 1 am saying, and the House is
impatient under it, I would be willing that the;
question of adjournment should be submitted to
the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very much interested,
but I thought the gentleman would have a better
opportunity of being heard in the morning than
at tfiis late period of the day. I, however, with-
draw my application to him.
Mr. McRAE. I will say to my friend from
Tennessee that I am entirely satisfied myself
with this opportunity. [Laughter.] If the gen-
tleman from Tennessee should not be interested
in my speech—because 1 know, sir, I have no
capacity of eloquence to entertain or interest him
—as 1 know that he is a student and a man
who likes to learn the opinions of everybody—I
have no doubt, if he prefers to leave now, that
ho will very courteously read my speech in tl)c
future. I am satisfied, if he is impatient, that he
shall go, and I will not consider it disrespectful
on his-part if he does so. '[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, as I have said that my object
would be to ask the attention of the House simply
to the question of its organization, I shall proceed
to that. The representation here, recurring in
connection with it to the elections in the several
States which have placed members upon tins floor,
shows that the people of the country are divided
into two great political parties—the Republican
party on the one side and the Democratic party
on the other—contending for the political control
of the Federal Government. Their Representa-
tives here arc contending for the control of the
legislative biaueh of the Government in the elec-
tion of a Speaker; and these are the two parties,
one or the other of. which is capable of making an
election and of obtaining the control. The repre-
sentation in this House further shows that there are
certain other members of it who belong to other
organisations; but although there are such Rep-
resentatives here, a recurn nee to the elections in
tlie States from which they come shows that
neither one of those organizations has any polit-
ical power in the country. I have an analysis of
the vote which was taken on the first day of the
session for Speaker of this House, and it shows
that, including the two gentlemen voted for for
Speaker, [Messrs. Sherman andGitow,]and one
geiillt man—a Mr. Carter, I think—who voted
for Mr. Co it iv tv, the Republicans had one hun-
dred and twelve members here. That fact was
shown by that vote. It was shown, oil the other
hand, that the Democratic party, counting those
who were absent, had ninety-three members of
this House. It was shown further, sir, that those
who are called Ameiieans, or old line Whigs, or
Oppositionists to the Administration, ii'you please,
had twenty-three votes, and, one of their number
being absent, their strength in a full House is
shown to be twenty-four. It was shown also that
the other organization—the smallest of all—the
anti-Lecompton Democrats as they are called,
had eight votes upon this iloor.
Now, sir, the analysis of the first vote for
Speaker shows these facts, and the votes which
have been taken since do not alterthatrcsult, ex-
cept that in the case of the Republicans they have
