1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3045
Capitol extension attempts to justify himself for
doing this work. If theamendment which I pro-
pose be adopted, it will put a restraint upon such
work. It was intended to be restrained by the
law of last winter, and by the law of the preced-
ing winter; but still the work goes on; and, in
order to avoid any ambiguity or doubt on the
subject in future, 1 propose this amendment. Be-
yond that, the art commission, acting with the
Library Committee, which only meets while Con-
gress is sitting, makes a complex machinery re-
quiring the association of two foreign bodies to
act on every subject, however unimportant, in-
volving any question of the embellishment of the
Capitol. The experience of the British Govern-
ment, the experience of the French Government,
and the experience, up to this time, of this Gov-
ernment, has demonstrated that civilians can, with
some safety, if not with the greatest propriety, con-
trol this matter; and especially I submit that this
thing should be left where it has been for a period
of forty years, controlled by law and directed by
those appointed from time to time in the two
branches of the national Legislature. There is
no occasion, I submit, for creating a commission
to sit perpetually at a large expense. By the
very text of the report referred to, the art com-
mission themselves admit that we have not yet
advanced to that point of time in art where the
Capitol can receive its appropiiate illustration.
If this is correct, I ask, are they to receive then-
salaries, and to sit as a perpetual commission—
sitting idly all the time—until fit children of genius
have grown up among us to full stature to enter on
the execution of this work. Let me read what
the commissioners say in their report:
" None but pictures of tbe highest order should be ad-
mitted to places of Mich piommenco. To acquire these,
not only tunc, but the utmost cnie and dellbcialion ate
requisite. There can be no doubt of the ability of our art-
ists to pcrfoun tins woik, but tune should be given them
for prepaiation, both in ticf-co and od. Hnietofoie, they
have been eugagt.d, with Unv exceptions, on ea^el pictui e^,
and it is impossible, at once, for them to adopt the style re-
quired in works of such magnitude."
Is it not better, Mr. Chairman, to wait till that
time comes? There is nothing oil which these
gentlemen can be now employed until artists shall
first have been born to us of such attainments
and of such genius as, within their judgment, will
make them competent to this work.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not exactly
understand the propriety of the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pet-
tit,] but I think I shall be quite safe in opposing
it. Looking at the amendment proposed by the
| Senate, I am inclined to favor it. It reads, " for
| the prosecution of the work on the Capitol." I
> should be determined to favor it, if it read, " for
) the prosecution of those who have imposed this
i work upon the Capitol." [Laughter.} Sir, a
nuore anomalous procedure than that which greets
the eye in its every gaze, as it contemplates the
; work on these walls, never existed. As we enter
here, it is very natuial that the. scenes which we
encounter every day should be exhibited and
enacted. Here, those who are engaged in debate
encounter on every side the vermilion hue which
excites the bull to the fight in Spain. [Laughter.]
And when we have entered here, we find it the
receptacle of those who, in imprisoned walls, do
the work of their masters, and are not permitted
to look on God's creation, nor breathe the health-
ful air. It might be presumed that the spirit of
Cheops had designed it. And how arc we enter-
tained here ? The artists give us a piece of gild-
ins; here, a parcel of red there; and see, ill yonder
corner, the effigy of General Washington—a gen-
tleman clothed in a blue coat and yellow breeches,
[laughter,] holding out his hand affectmgly to
another gentleman, who is intended to represent
Cornwallis.
And this is American art, with which we are
to be thoroughly imbued; and lest we should not
appreciate it, no horizontal current of air is per-
mitted to visit us; but the light is directed from
above—directed on that which is presumed to be
the most benighted and dark region of the corpo-
ration of legislators here. And we are stimulated
by applications of that description to our duties
as legislators, and to ajustappreciation of Amer-
ican art. Oil, no! sir. Italian art, introduced
here from Rome, from Florence, or from any
other place abroad, so long as it did not origin-
ate upon these American shores. Why, 1 recol-
lect that a certain New England philosopher, I
believe Ralph Waldo Emerson, exclaimed that in
an Italian city, onastorm coming on and the rain
beginning to penetrate, the whole of any streetin
that city would be a blaze of red umbrellas.
It is so here. Italian taste has exhibited on
every side of this Hall the vermilion hue of Italy,
instead of the sober, sensible hue of American
intellect. I am for this art commission—an art
commission to be composed of American artists,
or at least of gentlemen who, if not artists, are
permitted to entertain American tastes. I would,
too, that at some time or other we might be per-
mitted to work out of these our prison walls into
the pure air without; or at least, if not that, that
these walls shall be extended until we can reach
the outer air, and be permitted to see the sky be-
yond, and to be seen by our constituents. And
until that time arrives; until we are permitted to
sit as sober, tasteful American gentlemen, amid
American scenes, and not as exaggerated Amer-
ican patriots under the influence of Italian art, we
never shall have produced a congruous scene for
American legislation.
Mr. PETTIT. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Beale's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the Senate amend-
ment, as amended.
Mr.HUGHES. Iproposetoamcndthatamend-
ment by adding §1,000 to the amount. My pur-
pose is to correct a misapprehension, under which
my colleague from the city of Baltimore labored,
in regard to the casting of the statue to be placed
upon the new dome. I understand, directly from
official authority, that no contract has been made
with any one for the purposeofcasting that statue.
An arrangement has been entered into with Mr.
Clark Mills, to pay him §400 a month for his own
services and that of his assistants, and for the use
of his foundery, the Government itself furnishing
the materials for the casting. 1 do not understand
that there lias been any arrangement in regard to
the price to be paid for the statue itself.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman, 1 have heard,
with some regret, appeals made to the prejudices
of the country in regard to the specimens of art
taste displayed about this Capitol; and I have been
sill-prised that no one connected with this branch
of service has risen upon the floor to do justice to
those who have devoted their lives and energies to
the embellishment of our public buildings. I have
seen a great deal of this love of criticism in the
course of my life, and have often been a victim to
it. Itisvery easy to invent a popular criticism and
find fault; but 1 would like to see some of these
gentlemen who are so conversant with matters of
taste and art as to speak with the assurance of
masters, bring forward some design, some speci-
men from their superior genius that they would
themselves insert m place of that which they see
around them. Now, I confess that I am no artist
myself, but, at the same time, I have seen some
specimens of both, in side and outside of this Capi-
tol, and made such things a matter of some study;
and when gentlemen have risen here to assail them,
I have looked with anxiety to see when and
where they would make their specifications. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. John Cochrane]
is the only one who has attempted to define his
position. He has made special objection to an
unfinished attempt at a picture in one corner of
this room, which everybody knows is a failure,
because it is unfinished, and is not a fair speci-
men of the art which is applied to this Capitol,
But I undertake to say that, if you go into these
committee-rooms, and these galleries, of which
we have heard so much, and take any honorable
and fair-minded artist with you, he will himself
do justice to the specimens of art that will be
before him, and adroit its distinguished worth.
What, sir, can be more beautiful than the fresco
work in the roo'm of the Agiicultural Committee?
What more splendid than the fresco m some of
the halls and passages around the Senate Cham-
ber, and especially the emblem of Religion in the
President's room? And in this Hall, where do
you find room to criticise the combination of col-
ors which you see around you? Some gentlemen
think that it is too glaring; some that it is too
much imbued with vermilion, and others that it
is too much shaded with the yellow. Would they
have it all brown, or all blue? I suppose my
friend from New York is so fond of the national
color that ho would have the whole Hall painted
sky-blue !-S The gentleman says that this Hall
will never be right until he can expand himself,
and see the open air; and especially his constitu-
ents. My impression is that, unless he adoptsa
different policy—a different line of politics—he
will soon see his constituents without the neces-
sity of extending the interior walls of this Cham-
ber. [Laughter.] I believe that, among men of
mind and of taste, all the work on this Capitol is
susceptible of fair and honorable defense; and.I
regret to see these attempts to undervalue and de-
nounce what men from abroad generally regard
as a splendid specimen of American architecture.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless we can have a vote
at once upon this amendment of the Senate, I
shall move that the committee do now rise for the
purpose of closing debate.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on the Senate
amendment, as amended; and it was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
To enable the superintendentof the Capitol extension to
puichase from Rice & Ileebner thirty-four monolithic col-
umns, at the pucc specified.in their supplemental contract
of March 3D, 185-1, the marble for said columns to be ap-
proved by the said supeiintendent, tbe sum of $47,600:
Provided, That no part of the sum appropriated for the
prosecution of the work shall be applied to the purchase of
marble columns.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurredia.
Eighth amendment: *
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For fixtures for gas, and furniture, for the committee,
office, and other 100ms and apaitments, In ihe north wing
of the Capitol, as diiected by the resolution of the Senate
of 30th March, 1860, §19,400, to be expended under the
direction of the Committee to Audit and Contioi the Con-
tingent expenses of the Senate.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Forthc completion of the Washington aqueduct, accord-
ing to the plan and estimates of Captain Meigs, $500,000:
Provided, That theoflice ot enainect of the Potomac water iy
works is herebv abolished, and its duties shall be hercaltcr
dis-charged by the chief engineer of the Washington aque-
duct, who shall be, as heretofore, an officer of the corps of
engineers not below the rank of e.iptain, and having espe-
lience in the design and constiuction ol budges and aque-
ducfj.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I propose to
strike out the proviso attached to the appropria-
tion made in that amendment. I want to have
this appropriation of §500,000 for the completion
of the Washington aqueduct to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War, as all
the appropriations for that work have been here-
tofore expended. This proviso goes on to specify
the agency by which this work shall be completed.
I do not understand why the Senate have limited
the Secretary of War in that particular. Sir, I am
in favor of the completion of the Washington aque-
duct. I am in favor of appropriating the money
necessary for the accomplishment of that purpose.
I am in favor of appropriating money sufficient to
complete all these public works. I uo not concur
in the policy of the Committee of Ways and Means.
My belief is, that there will be more money lost
by the delay for want of appropriations and the
money expended for repairs than the interest on
the money required to complete them. I ask this
House, if they are satisfied that these works ought
to be completed, what there is m thepresent con-
dition of the Treasury, what there is in the con-
dition of the country, to prevent the money from
being appropriated ? The country is in a prosper-
ous condition, every branch of industry is flourish-
ing. It is true that the Treasury is at this time
deficient. But this Government—the Senate and.
House of Representative, with the President—
have it within their power to fill the coffers of the
Treasury. Ifthetariff ofl857is to be continued
unaltered upon our statute-book, is theie any rea-
sonable prospect that the Treasury will be in any
I better condition at any future time than it is now?
If these works are to be completed at all, therefore
I think we may just as well take the responsibil-
ity of making the necessary appropriations now
I think it will be economy to do it. But I am ip
favor of such a modification of the tariff as shall
procure a sufficient amount of revenue to meet all
