1860.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
THE JAPANESE EMBASSY.
Mr..SHERMAN. I offer the following res-
olution, to which, I suppose, there will be no
objection:
Resolved, That the Japanese embassy be invited to visit
the House of Representatives; and that a committee of five
members be appointed to convey this invitation and make
suitable arrangements.
No objection was made to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the resolution
fix any day for the reception of the embassy?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the committee will
arrange that.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think we had
better fix the day, and I would suggest Friday
next.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Japanese may have
other engagements for that day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, then, say
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee can arrange
that matter with the Japanese.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think this thing
right.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will not take much time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the precedent is not
such a one as a legislative- body ought to set. I
do not think it right; and,-for the present, I object.
Mr. BURNETT. The objection comes too
late. The resolution has Efeen received.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
my objection comes too lata?
"The SPEAKER. The Chair considers it too
late.
Mr. PIIELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio a modification of his resolution, and
I think itwill meet the concurrence of all sides of
the House. It is, that the Doorkeeper bo directed
to set apart a place in the galleries for the recep-
tion of the Japanese embassy, when they choose
to attend.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee can arrange
all that.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a gallery set apart
already for foreign embassadors.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio, whether the representa-
tives of other countries would not esteem this a
discrimination against them, and, therefore, take
offense.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that the
committee appointed by the Chair will invito the
embassy to take seats in the gallery to witness the
proceedings of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. They have aright
to go there anyhow.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the resolution was adopted; nnd also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed the fol-
lowing committee: Messrs. Sherman, Branch,
Davis, of Maryland, Morris of Pennsylvania,
and John Cochrane.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privilege.
A memorial in the case of Preston against Hai ris
has been referred to the Committee of Elections.
It is absolutely necessary to have it printed for the
information of the House and of the committee.
1 move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask my colleague to allow me
to offer a resolution.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to every-
thing except the regular order of business. The
regular order of business is the consideration of
the resolutions reported from the Committee of
Elections, in reference to the Michigan contested-
election ease of Howard against Cooper.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to yield to me for a moment, that I may
offer a resolution for reference merely.
Mr. DAWES. Will it give rise to any debate?
Mr. STOKES. Not at all.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will let it in.
Mr. STOKES. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the majority
and minority reports, and the testimony taken before the
Committee on Public Expenditures of the House, and the
select committee of the Senate, of which the Hon. Preston
King was chairman, in relation to the public printing, be
printed for the use of the members of this House.
Mr. REAGAN. I object to that resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to allow me to report some bills from
the Committee on .Military Affairs, in order that
they may be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
regular order will be insisted on. I have several
bills in my drawer which I wish to report.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
House must proceed to the regular order of busi-
ness; upon which the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Gartrell] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. Mr. Speaker, it may not
be inappropriate at this time to remind the House
that important principles underlie all these cases
of contested elections, with reference to which
they should be considered and determined. The
right of the people to choose their Representa-
tives, and decide, by the exercise of the elective
franchise, upon the persons suitable to make laws
for their government, is a high and sacred right,
and should be maintained most inviolate. I fear,
sir, that this right, perhaps unintentionally, is in
danger of encroachment; and that we all, in the
consideration of these cases, are more or less in-
fluenced by our party wishes and party bias.
This is all improper and wrong. The clause of
theConstitution which declares that" each House
shall be the judge of the election, qualifications, and
returns of its own members," was intended as a
safeguard of the elective franchise, and not an in-
strument to be employed as may suit the wishes,
or it may be the caprices, of the particular party
in power.
So far as I am concerned, as a member of the
Committee of Elections, and as a member of this
House, I intend, in this and all other eases com-
ing beforethatcommittL'e, to regulate my conduct
in each particular case, not in respect to the party
position of the contestant or of the sitting mem-
ber, but exclusively in regard to the law and the
testimony presented for consideration. Let me,
in the beginning, call upon every gentleman here,
upon this side of the House and upon the other,
to elevate themselves above these paltry consid-
erations; to discard all technicalities and quibbles,
and decide this case of contest as to the right of!
the person entitled to a seat in this House from the
first congressional district of the State of Michi-
gan, upon the law and the evidence. When that
shall have been done,our duty in the matter will
have been faithfully discharged.
It will be recollected, from the reading of the
reports, that this election was held on the 2d day
of November, 1858, at which time it appears there
were polled in the said first congressional district,
composed of only four counties, 26,189 votes; that
13,123 votes were cast for the sitting member, and
13,048 were east for the contestant, with 38 scat-
i tenng votes; thus showing for the sitting member
a clcar majority over the contestant of 75 votes.
The question now to be settled by this House is,
whether the contestant has successfully attacked
enough of the votes given for the sitting member
to give the contestant a majority; and even if that
is shown, whether it does hot appear by the testi-
mony that a minority of votes were still cast for
him. In no case can he be entitled to take his seat
upon this floor.
Now, sir, with the indulgence of the House, I
propose briefly to consider the evidence, as pre-
sented to the House by the contestant himself, and
in my argument to discuss this question with refer-
ence thereto e.andidly and fairly. It is an import-
ant question. I am, however, aware that these
contested-clection eases are not so generally es-
teemed by the members of this House; and that
when one of them is taken up for consideration,
members, either from some preconceived opinion,
or, it may be, in consequence of having carefully
read the reports and testimony, scatter away from
the House, and reappear in their seats only when
the vote is about to be taken. Just as well might
gentlemen constituting an impartial jury, sworn
to administer the law between the plaintiff and the
defendant in an important case faithfully, leave the
jury-box and rely upon the foreman to make up
their verdict when they return.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the points pre-
sented here? There are but three. It is first
maintained that the election in the fourth ward of
the city of Detroit was irregular and illegal, and
that the entire poll ought to be excluded. Four
reasons are given by the contestant, and are more
specially assigned by the majority of the commit-
tee in their report, why this entire poll should be
excluded from the canvass.
First, because one of the inspectors, by the
name of Dudgeon, is said not to have been sworn.
Secondly, because it is alleged that the poll lists
were not sealed up in a box, as the laws of Mich-
igan require.
The laws of Michigan require that the poll-box
shall be locked and sealed. But, sir, it will be
impossible for gentlemen to arrive at a just con-
clusion upon this branch of the case, which is a
controlling one, without reference being had,
closely and carefully, not only to the laws of that
State and the laws regulating elections, but to the
evidence in the case.
Let us, then, very briefly—as briefly as the
justice of the case will allow—consider this law,
and then invite the attention of the House to the
evidence, although it may be disagreeable and mo-
notonous. Then I shall expect the gentlemen on
the other side, who are the political friends of thp
contestant, to disprove the facts presented, and
refute the testimony in the case, or agree to the
resolutions reported by the minority of the com-
mittee.
What is the lawp Upon this point I find in the
volume before me the law of the State of Mich-
igan applying to this case, as follows;
"Sec. 4*2. At the genera! election, the supervisor, the
justice of the peace, not holding the ofticc of supervisor,
whose term of office will first expire, and the township
cleik of each township, and the assessor and alderman of
each ward in a city, or if in any city there be not an assess -
or in every ward, then the two aldermen of each ward
shall be vnspectois of election, two of whom shall constitute
a quorum. *
"• See. 43. In case three of such inspectors shall not at-
tend at the opening of the polls, or Uiall not remain in at-
tendance during the election, the electors present may choose
viva voce .«uch number ot such electors as, with the in-
spector or inspector*, shall constitute a board of three in
number; and such electors po chosen shall be inspectors of
the election during the continuance thereof "
ft will be observed that, according to these pro-
visions, there may be three inspectors of election,
including the alderman in each ward in a city;
and that in the townships the inspectors will con-
stitute ex officio inspectors of elections. When
present, it was their duty, their privilege, and
their right, to act in that capacity. It will be fur-
ther noticed that being absent, or when present
and refusing to act, the electors present may
choose from their number inspectors to act in
their places. Two only are necessary to consti-
tute a quorum sufficient to canvass the votes and
determine the validity of the election.
It will be recollected that in the argument of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] on
yesterday, he called upon the House, in pursu-
ance of the recommendation of the majority of the
committee, and in accordance with the position of
the contestant, to reject this entire poll; to discard
summarily, and with a high hand to disfranchise,
seven hundred and twenty-two qualified voters of
the fourth ward of the city of Detroit, because he
says that one of the inspectors was not sworn.
Here is a witness named Tillman, who, being
chosen under the laws as an inspector, a warm
personal and political friend of the contestant, tes-
tifying that he was present during the entire day,
and that he kept the ballot-boxin hispossession;
and present when the polls were closed, and the
votes canvassed and counted; that.there was no
fraud, but that everything connected with the
election in the fourth ward of Detroit was not only
legal and regular, but fair, open, and aboveboard.
He swears positively and unequivocally to these
facts. It is the evidence, sir, of a warm and vigi-
lant supporter of the contestant—a Republican,
and not a Democrat. Will you disbelieve the
contestant's own witness? Will the other side
