138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
concentrated upon a single man, Mr. Sherman,
of Ohio; and in the case of the South Americans,
or southern Oppositionists, they have concentra-
ted upon Mr. Gilmer, of North Carolina. The
responsibility rests upon somebody for the non-
organization of this House. Does it rest upon
the Republicans? Not at all, so far as that party
is concerned as a mere political organization, be-
cause they have not the majority. They have
shown that if they had, they would organize upon
a man in whom they have confidence. Does it
rest upon the Democrats ? No, sir; because they
have shown that if they had a majority they
would organize the House upon their candidate.
All their votes, with a single exception, have been
cast for the Democratic nominee for Speaker. If
they had the power, the Democrats beingdisposcd
to do their duty, would organize this House. Is
it in the power of either of these other parties,"
the southern Oppositionists, or the anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrats, to organize the House under any
circumstanccs? I say, no; not reasonably, with-
out the aid of these minorities. It is not reason-
able to suppose that the Republicans will take up
any one of those minority parties, nor is it rea-
sonable to suppose that the Democrats will. Then
where docs the responsibility rest for the non-
organization of this House? Why, sir, it rests
upon these two parties which are in the minority
here, in not taking sides with one or the other of
the great parties of the House. That is where it
rests.
According to the analysis which I have given„and
which is true, the Republican party showed upon
the first day of the session that they were within
seven votes of a majority of the whole number of
members. One hundred and nineteen is a major-
ity of the whole House; and they were within
seven votes of that majority. The Democratic
party showed that it was within twenty-six votes
of an organization. Weil, sir, it was not expected
that the Democracy would go to the Republicans,
or that the Republicans would go to the Demo-
crat:?, and it was left, therefore, to those who
composed the minority parties to say for which
of the plurality parties they should go. Ifvseven
of the southern Americans choose to take their
side with the Republicans they con affect an or-
ganization, or if any seven of the anti-Lccompton
men choose to take their position with the Re-
publicans they can nflbet an organization. If the
southern Oppositionists, twenty-three in number,
one being from the North, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brigc.s] and who is the onlv
one from the North, T think, they can count with
them—if they vote with the Democracy, showing
as they have by voting for a slaveholder that they
are willing to do so again, and if four of the anti-
Lecompton men go wiih ns, then, sir, we ran
organize this House. This is the true position of
things, and yet, sir, we sit hem day after day
quarreling out the organization of the House.
With which, the Republicans-or the Democrats,
will the southern Oppositionists or the anti-Le-
eompton men go? TTpon these minorities remains
the responsibility of our non-organization.
Let me appeal first to the South Americans, or
the southern Oppositionists. No, sir; I will make
a statement; for I appeal to nobody. The De-
mocracy stands upon its principles, upon the in-
tegrity of the party. We make no appeal to any-
body; but, sir, we present facts. Twenty-three
of those gentlemen of the southern Oppositionists
have already voted for a slaveholder. They know
that the great issue, between the two great parties
is the slavery question; that it is anti-slavery on
the part of the Republicans, and the protection of
the eohstitutionol rights of the. South in connection
with slavery on the part of the Democrats. With
which side will those twenty-three gentlemen go ?
Do they ask us to go to them* Do they ask a
party containing four times their number to go to
them ? Iftheydo,upr n what ground do they place
their request? Do they ask it upon the ground
that they represent a great portion of southern
•sentiment? Do they ask it upon the ground that
a great many Opposition men in the South arc
represented by Democidts? Why, sir, let me
refer them to the foot that while they have a few
Representatives upon this floor, yet they have not
the control of a single State from which those
Representatives are sent. As a national party
and a national organization, they are. entirely with-
out power in this Government. Why should
they not comc forward and ally themselves with
the only national party which has power?
Do they say that, in their States, they were can-
didates in opposition to the Democracy—in oppo-
sition to this Administration; and thnt, for that
reason, they cannot cooperate with Democrats?
Let me reply, by asking them whether they were
not also in opposition to the Republican party?
Can they cooperate with the Republican party?
The question with them is, 1 think, whether thev
are nearer to the Democrats than to the Republi-
cans. Let them take their side. We want the
choice made. If there are any who refuse to go
with the Democracy, let the responsibility be upon
their heads, whatever their number may be.
Do they object that their vote, united to ours,
will not elect? That may be true. Suppose it
will not; whsit is the advantage to be gained from
holding aloof ? What is due to our southern con-
stituency? The advantage gained by the union
is, that it presents a united sentiment of all po-
litical parties and all political opinions of the South
against the Republican party.
That is a strong point. The great point which
the Republicans now bring against us is that the
South themselvesare not a unit, and will not stand
as a unit, against this Republican organization,
which is ultimately to overwhelm and bear down
the South. Then, let those southern men of the
Opposition take the responsibility of keeping up
the division; let them go with it to their constit-
uents, and toll them why they did not agree with
cither the Democrats or Republicans, and why
they were not willing to come up and show the
united sentiment of the South against this anti-
slaVery party. I say, with all du<* respect to those
gentlemen, that they ought to comc up and coop-
erate with us.
Well, sir,-how stands that other party—the
anti-Lccompton Democrats? Why, sir, if the
southern Opposition members cooperate with the
Democrats, then the whole responsibility of a
want of organization of this House rests upon
those eight anti-Lccompton men. Now, let them
come up and take sides. Let them say whether
the y prefer an oigcimzation by the Democrats,
with whom they have heretofore cooperated, and
from whom they have separated upon certain
questions growing out of the action of the Gov-
ernment through this national Administration;
lot them say whether they prefer to desert the.
national Democracy and go over to the other side,
or whether tiiey will still cooperate with them m
the election of n Spenker.
M r. ETHERIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion just in this connection?
Mr. McIlAE. Certainly.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 do not desite to inter-
rupt the current of the gentleman's argument, to
which I have listened with interest and pleasure;
but I beg leave to make a suggestion, and then
to make an inquiry of him. The gentleman states
that the Democratic candidate for Speaker is now
receiving eighty-eight votes, and then says that
on this side of the House we are casting for the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer]
twenty-three votes. We all admit that these two
votes united will not elect a Speaker: the tendency
of the gentleman's argument is to prove that if
they could get ninotv-three votes for the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] the nominee
of the Democratic party, they might, with our
assistance, elect him Speaker. That is true; but
the figures, up to this time, have demonstrated
that they have not been able to cast ninety-three
votes for Mr. Bocock, so that, by uniting our
vote with theirs, thcii candidate could be elected.
We have boon waiting here eight or ten days to
ascertain the strength of the respective candi-
dates, and the result has been that there has been
no increase in the vote for Mr. Bocock, and none
for Mr. Gilmer, the candidate for whom wo have
voted.
Now, in this connection, 1 wish to ask this
question: Mr. Gilmer has received twenty-three
votes: if we can poll twenty-seven, thirty, or more
votes for Mr. Gilmer, will the Democratic party
come over and help us elect him? Mr. Gilmer
is a slaveholder, the owner of nearly one hundred
slaves, and I wish to say here, if there is any ob-
jection upon the part of the Repubhccui party to vot-
ing for him for Spcakerbecause he is aslaveholder,
I would like to know it. I am not aware of any
such objection. I think that when Mr. Bocock
has received enough votes from the Democratic
side of the House to show that he can be elected
Speaker with the assistance of those who have
voted for Mr. Gilmer, it will then be ample time
to appeal to the southern Opposition, to ascertain
whether they will vote for the Democratic candi-
date. I do not believe Mr. Bocock can get ninety-
three votes. A week's balloting has shown that
fact. I know that the southern Opposition can
command for Mr. Gilmer, or some other gentle-
man of their number, more than thirty votes.
Now, I ask gentlemen upon the other side if they
will come over to the southern Oppositj on, and help
us elect Mr: Gilmer ? We have been waiting to see
Mr. Bocock's strength. We can show at any
time, in my opinion, thirty votes, or more, for
the gentleman for whom we have voted, [Mr. Gil-
mer,] and T desire to know whether gentlemen
upon the other side will comc over and help us
elect him? I ask the question only in that con-
tingency.
Mr. McRAeE. I have heard with satisfaction
and pleasure the remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee. The first question 1 wish to ask him
is this, in the spirit of all fairness, whether, when
I have shown from the argument which I have
made, that although the southern Opposition have
some representation upon this floor, they have no
power nationally, not having the control of a sin-
gle State or political organization, whether it is
fair to ask ninety men to go over to twenty-three
or not? That is the first question.
The next is this: I want to know whether he
has yet satisfied me and the Democratic members
upon this side, by any vote winch has been'taken,
that any man of his party can get thirty or thirty-
five votes? Ha\e the votes shown that? Has the
gentleman shown it ? lie says he does not believe
that Mr. Bocock con get ninety-three votes. I have
told him that if the whole number of members rep-
resenting the Democracy upon this floor were here,
we should have ninety-three votes. Rut our can-
didate has received only eighty-eight votes, but
it does not alter the number. Two of our number
arc not here, Mr. Stallworth, of whom we have
heard nothing, and Mr. Brown, who does not
vote because, I am told, he is not of age. If they
were here, and all our men voted, we should have
ninety-three, which, with twenty-three southern
Opposition, would bring us up to one hundred and
sixteen—enough to elect on the last ballot taken.
Now, I ask gentlemen of the southern Opposition
whether, though having a representation upon
this floor, but not the control of a single State,
they can accomplish anything as a national or-
ganization—if they ought not to join us in the
election of & Speaker?
The other question is, how does the gentleman
know that Mr. Bocock cannot get ninety-three
votes5 I say if all the Democratic members were
hoic he would get ninety-thiee votes, because that
is our number of members. Then why does not
that gentleman and his friends come over and
strengthen us with their twenty-three votes, and
throw upon the anti-Lecompton Democrats the re-
sponsbility of deci ding who shall be Speaker of this
House ? Again, 1 ask the gentleman how he can
show me that his candidate can get more than
twenty-three votes?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman puts many
questions, and 1 desire to answer them all very
frankly, and yet so briefly as not to interrupt the
course of -his argument. The gentleman asks me
i how 1 know that the gentleman from North Caro-
! lim [Mr. Gilmer] ^an receive more than the num-
! ber of votes ho has heretofore received. I gave
j it as my opinion only, and I am very sincere in
j that belief. We will, I doubt not, establish the
j fact, whenever the gentleman will promise mo that
j those with whom lie is acting will help us m that
1 contingency.
j In regai d to the number of votes being cast now
! for Mr. Bocock, I submit to the gentleman if it is
' fair to ask the southern Opposition to unite on
I Air. Bocock, when they are unable, up to this
j good hour, by the aid of the party spur and the,
j party screw, to bring into his support those anfi-
Lecompton members who do not renounce affil-
iation with their party? Every man must know
that they cannot cast ninety-three votes for him,
for the reason that some members of the Demo-
cratic party refuse to vote for Mr. Bocock, and
ignore his Democracy. I state it on my responsi-
i bility as an individual, that the gentleman from
