2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
discredit their own testimony? Will you, upon
a general hypothesis, to attain certain ends, disre-
gard the evidence offered by the contestant him-
self, and, without the shadow of proof, hold that
these seven hundred and twenty-three electors
shall be disfranchised; that the scat may be given
to the contestant, and the sitting member thereby
unjustly deprived of his legal rights? If you are
prepared to do that, the sitting member must sub-
mit, and appeal again to the people; but before
the House determines the question, I want mem-
bers to read the evidence and hear the arguments.
A Member. What was the sitting member's
majority?
Mr. GARTRELL. Seventy-five votes. It
seems that this is a Democratic ward; and that,
it may be, is the great trouble here with the con-
testant. It seems, further, that few votes were
challenged in that ward. In some wards the con-
testant received large majorities, and there has
been no effort on the part of the sitting member
to exclude the polls simply bccause he was out-
voted.
XSTow, Mr. Speaker, let us apply the testimony
to the law above cited. The evidence is, that two
inspectors were at the polls on the morning of
the election. One was Alderman Dudgeon, who
was an inspector cx officio; and the other was
Alderman Lacroix. Captain A. Katus was se-
lected as the third man. Dudgeon declined to
act, and Katus was substituted m his place: and
Tillman was chosen as the third man. There
was, then, a complete board of inspectors pres-
ent, as required by law, and a majority of that
number might have conducted the election, and
it would have been legally binding upon all con-
cerned. Captain Katus acted during the entire
day, and when the polls were closed at the hour
of five o'clock in tho afternoon, as prescribed by
the statute, he left, and Alderman Dudgeon was
substituted in his stead. During the entire day
Tillman, Katus, and Lacroix officiated, received
all the votes, and deposited them in the box, and
exercised their right of challengers. It was then-
duty to act as challengers; and whenever they
have reason to believe that a person is seeking to
vote illegally, it is made their bounden duty to
challenge him and require him to take the oath
prescribed by the statute in su^h cases. After
Katus retired, Alderman Dudgeon was substituted
for him. Suppose that Katus had died, would it
be contended by the majority that the other two
did not constitute a quorum, as the law declares,
to make a canvass of tin4 votes and the proper re-
turn ? Certainly not. Then Dudgeon acting can-
not in validate the flection in any res-pee t whatever.
But, sir, he acted legally; he had a right to act,
as lie was an inspector ex officio when Katus left.
Now, Mr. Speaker, m oidei that there may be
no doubt on this subject,and that the "House may
bo satisfied that everything was conducted fairly,
I respectfully call their attention to portions of
the evidence of the contestant's own witnesses.
What do they say? Mr. Tillman says:
" Quezon. How tnanv acting liif-pectois were there
during the taking in ol the votes?
Throe: myself, Lacroix, and Krmis.
<• Question. Was Lacroix an aldemuui of tho waul?
(i Answer. Fie was.
<• Question. Was Dudgeon an alderman of the wmd?
" vinsu er. lie was, hut <|orlined to scire m the morning,
and Captain Katus wa-< elected an inspector in hi* place by
the elector piesent at the polls. 1 was elected in the same
way-
Question Did yon, Knfu-\ and Lacroix, act at? inspect-
or until the polli woic clo-cd ?
"Answer. We did. After closing the ballot-box. Katus
retired, and Dudtreon took hi^ place ; and he.Lacroix,and
Illicit, went through with the canvassing of tho votes.5'
I call particular attention to what follows:
" Question, Did you join in the official return of the can-
vass .J
<• Answer. I did.
" Question. Was the official retmnofthe canvass a cor-
rect one ?
"•Answer- It wus not.
" Question. What was the error?
"Answer, I think there wai an enorof two votes* on
Governor.
" Question. Was there any error in ielation to the votes
for Congiesss?
" Answer. There was not.''
He swears, distinctly and unequivocally, that
Katus acted up to the closing of the polls. It is
conceded that he (Tillman) remained there with
the other two inspectors, and that he received the
last vote up to the last hour for the closing of the
polls, and that when he retired, Dudgeon stepped
into his place. Tillman, the contestant's witness,
swears positively that he and Lacroix and Dud-
geon canvassed the votes and made out the return,
and that it was fairly and legally made. Let me
read a little further:
(( Question. Are you a Republican ?
il Answer. I am
" Question. IIovv many clerks of election were there ?
"Answer. Four; and each otthem kept a separate poll-
list.
" Question. Did all of these poll-lists differ?
"Answer. They did.
" Question. IIow much from cach other?
il Jlnswer. I cannot tell. One ot them diffeicd very much
from the others; two of them, however, I think, were
nearly correct, and ^reed within two or three.
" Question. Did you proceed with the canvass on the
same night when the polls closed ?
*' Answer. We did ; we first sorted out the general and
city tickets in separate piles."
It seems, sir, that the officers discovered from
five to eight tickets more than were polled. They
were double tickets, and under the laws of Mich-
igan it is made their duty, in cases of that kind,
to destroy the double tickets. How were they
destroyed? Not to tho prejudice of the sitting-
member, nor to the prejudice of the contestant.
What does the witness say :
u Question. Were the tickets destroyed Democratic or
Republican ?
" Answer. I don't know; but I think they were half and
half
" Question. Were not the ward and general tickets of
both patties easily distinguished horn cach other ?
CiJins:oa. Tii.it depended upon the manner m whieh
they vveio folded ; if you could see the head of the Ucket,
they were.
'* Question. Were the boxes both sealed and locked on
the first night auei election ?
(< Answer. They were."
It will be seen that the evidence here meets the
objection raised by the other side, that the poll-
lists were not sufficient, and that the ballot-boxes
were not scaled. This witness swears unequivo-
cally that the polls were deposited in the box in
his possession, and that the first night the boxes
were locked and sealed according to law. He
swears, too, that the votes for Congress were
canvassed next, moviung. "What else ?
il Question. Did yon not eanva<* the vote for Repre-
sentative ia Conyres^ dunng the next day ?
tl Answer. We did.
Did \oti find after that, and before making
your official ictunn, any discrepancy m the ballot on .Rep-
resentative in Con^ie^, as if theic had been any tampeimg
Willi the ballots.''
Answer. We did not.
(< Question Have y<m any iea®oti to believe, or do you
believe, ftom Hie time the polls closed to the signing of th''
official iiHurn'\ that theic was any tampcnng or foul deal-
tug with the ballot ea>t in that wdid .*
k" A)iswcr. I do not.''
I most respectfully submit that if this evidence
be not conclusive of tho validity and fairness of
the elect ion held m the fourth ward in the city of
Detroit; if this witncss-in-clncf of the contestant
be not sufficient to satisfy the minds of members,
then I candidly confess thatit is useless for me to
go any further in the argu men tof this case, and that
I had better direct my attention to explaining the
futility of orguing a case where averdict has been
already ngreed upon in advance.
There is another allegation. It is gravely con-
tended here that Mr. Dudgeon was not sworn.
Admitting, for the sake of argument, that it was
necessary he should be sworn, it will ho seen by
this testimony that he was sworn just as Mr.
Tillman, the Republican inspector, was .sworn, as
the other inspectors were swoi n who presided in
tho same ward at the same election. On this point
let us again recur to the testimony of Tillman,
lie says:
il Question. Do you hold in your hand the official oaths
a= impectois! of election of yourself, Dudgeon, and Lacioix ?
"Answer. I do ; the bodies of the oaths arc in thehand-
wiituig of Mr. Dudgeon.
l£ Question. Do you knew Dudgeon's signature ?
i( Answer. I do.
'• Question. When did Dudgeon sum this5
^ Ansucr. On the 5th or 6th of Nm ember, three day-?
al'toi the election; the dale or thejUMtir- on Tuesday, uic
'Jil. bat it was not signed till Fndav, f>th; Laooix, K.ifu-,,
and myself, were sworn betore we entered upon our duties,
but I have no knowledge of Dudgeon's being sworn at all;
wc: M-nted out oiths on Friday, or the day when wo made
our ollieial returns, some davs after election.
*' Question. Do you know whether Dudgeon wad sworn
oi not ?
u Answer. T do not; he \va° not sworn in my presence.
" Question. Gy whom is the juiat of Dudgeon's oath
signed?
"Answer. By Alderman Lacroix; I know his signatuie,
and by that jurat the oath puipoits to have been adminis-
tered on the ^d November; as Dudgeon was not swoin m
my presence, I do not know that he was sworn at all."
Mark the language:
" We signed our oaths on Friday, or the dAy when we
made our official returns, some days after election.
<• Question. Do you know whether Dudgeon was sworn
or not?
"Answer. I do not; he was not sworn in my presence."
I assert, sir, that general presumption comes in
here; and although Dudgeon, under the law, was
not required to be sworn, yet, inasmuch as the
jurat was in his handwriting, it is fair to presume
that he did sign it the same day as Katus and
Lacroix and Tillman. I say the presumption is
irresistible that he was sworn. I go further, and
fall back upon the general legal presumption that,
when the law requires an individual to discharge
certain duties, he is presumed to have complied
with the law m every lespect, until the contrary
is made to appear. 1 ask gentlemen to show me,
in this mass of testimony, the evidence of one
single witness that Dudgeon was not sworn. Mr.
Tillman says that he did not see him sworn. Is
that the kind of evidence to be relied upon ? Why,
sir, it would be scouted from every court of justice
m this country as irrelevant, as worth nothing,
and undeserving of consideration. "Anybody in
this Hall can swear that ho did not see Dudgeon
sworn; that he does not know whether he was
sworn or not. Every gentleman of the Committee
of Elections can swear that he does not know
whether Katus was sworn or not. Yet, sir, this
is the kind of cvidenee that is relied upon here to
disfranchise seven hundred and twenty electors,
and to give this seat to the contestant. 1 will not
stultify the House by arguing this branch of the
case any further.
We come now to the second proposition: to
exclude the Grosse Pointe election, a township
near the city of Detroit, and in the county of
Wayne. At the election in that township, there
were polled for George B. Cooper 189 votes, and
for William A. Howard 27 votes. Tins is an-
other Democratic majority, and that fact may
account for its being so bitterly attacked. What
are tho reasons assigned for the exclusion of this
entire poll, and the disfranchisement of over two
hundred persons ? When stated , they will beat
once discovered to be exceedingly significant and
remarkable. Say our friends of the majority of
the committee, the reason lor excluding this poll
is because the place of election was heid at Wil-
son's, instead of Kline's; tliat it was changed
from the regular place to a place two miles distant,
and in violation of law; and that, therefore, no
legal election was held. The majority assume
that, although tho election was held in the town
ship where tho law of Michigan provides it shall
bo held, yet is an illegal election; and, as it is an
easy way of giving the contestant the seat, wc
will throw out the whole poll, and he will come
in, as a matter of course. What arc the reasons
assigned for this extraordinary assumption of
power? They say that, according to the laws of
Michigan regulating township affairs, this elec-
tion for Grosse Pomtc was fixed to be held at
Kline's. It is alleged-that there was an arrange-
ment between Kline and Wilson, the latter pay-
ing the former five dollars, by which the election
was to be held at Wilson's tavern. There is no
evidence of the fact that there was any such pay-
ment. It is upon evidence outside of the record
that the majority would seem to proceed—mere
hearsay, and nothing more. Wc are told that this
man heard another tell, or that he was told, and
so on, that some understanding, some agreement,
was entered into by Kline and Wilson.
Now, with regard to the allegation of the ma-
jority that the election at Grosse Pointe was in
violation of the statutes of Michigan, I desire to
remark that it requires but little ingenuity to con-
vince any candid man, whether a lawyer or not,
beyond the shadow of a doubt, of its fallacy; and
that no court, nor any twelve sworn men m this
country, could fail to conclude that the statutes
j relied upon by the majority do not apply; and
j that the law of Michigan is os clear as the noon-
| day sun that the clerks of the several townships
! at these general elections should give notice of
the time and place of each election; which it is
admitted was done in this case.
What are these laws? I have them here before
me. At page 928 of the compiled laws of Michi-
gan, under the heading of " township meetings,"
the following provision is found:
'•Tiie annual meeting of cach township shall be held on
the fust Monday of April in each year; and at such meet-
