1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
ate, showing that slavery "was protected by the
common law of the world, pressed the argument
that every one of the States would be a slave State
yet and now but for the passage of laws prohib-.
iting slavery therein. " All had to pass positive
acts of .legislation tq accomplish the purpose of
getting i-id .of slavery.'' This principle has been
repeatedly questioned by Abolitionists and Re-
publicans. On the 21st of March, 184'2, Mr. Gid-
dings introduced his famous resolutions on the
Creole case, one of which asserts that—
u Slavery, being an abridgment of the natural rights of
man, can exist only by force of positive municipal lau\ and
is necessarily confined to the territorial jurisdiction of the
power creating it."
A noted abolition Senator [Mr. Sumner] makes
as the text of one of his inflammatory harangues:
" Freedom national, and slavery sectional." The
late Republican convention in Indiana incorpo-
rated into its platform a sjmil'u' opinio!-. Recently
this doctrine has found indorsement in different
quarters. A resolution of the last Democratic con-
vention of Illinois—so much of which as related to
this subject was read and approved in this House,
by an extreme Republican member from that
State, [Mr. Faunsworth]—declares that slavery,
if it exists in a Territory, does not derive its va-
lidity from the Constitution of the United States,
but is a mere municipal institution, existing in
such Territoty under the laivs thereof. The same
is said to be true of slavery in a State. As such
a doctrine, so far as my information extends, was
never previously adopted m a Democratic conven-
tion, I may class it as the second progeny from
the parental stock of squatter sovereignty ! If this
be established as the law, and applied in practice,
it will require an act of the Territorial Legislature
to legalize slavery, and a slaveholder will have no
right to enter the Territory with his property until
after such enactment. If slavery can only exist
in a Territory, as the resolution asserts, by vir-
tue of the laws thereof, if it has no validity except
by virtue of a local law, then a slave cannot be
held as property in a Territory where there is no
local law authorizing it. According to this doc-
trine, there must be previous affirmative legisla-
tion establishing the right of property in slaves,
or an owner of slaves cannot carry them into the
Territory; and thus the South is practically and
forever excluded. It is unnecessary to talk about
congressional prohibition, and tlicpower of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature to exclude slavery; if the Illi-
nois theory be adopted, a slave cannot got into a
Territory to be held as property.
The Illinois resolution but adopted a suggestion
of Judge Douglas, in his attempted rejoinder to
the, observations of Judge Black, in Ins Harper
article. He quotes and adopts a dictum taken
from ail opinion of Judge Story, whose anti-sla-
very prejudice and bias are well known and la-
mented, m the case of Prigg vs. the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, that " the state of slavery is
deemed to be a mere municipal regulation, founded
upon, and limited to, the range of territorial laws;"
and thus he coincides with Giddings and Sumner.
Cobb, in his very learned treaties on slavery, by
irrefragable proofs, demonstrates that the dictum
of Judge Story was not at all necessary to the de-
cision of the case, and is wholly unsustamed by
adjudications; yet it is greedily adopted, and made
the substratum of a theory which upsets a reccnt
decision of the same "court, and effectually ex-
cludes, if earned into practice, the South from
the occupancy of the common territory. With
bold assertion and ingenious sophistry, the Dred
Scott decision is evaded, 111 part, and mystified;
while an assertion of a judge in another case is
laid hold on, to bolster a theory contrary to the
practice of the Government since its organiza-
tion, and utterly destructive of the rights of a mi-
nority section of the Confederacy. Whatever
may have been Judge Story's legal erudition—
and it was cyclopedian—he has never been re-
garded as an authoritative exponent of Demo-
cratic sentiment or constitutional law. It may
gratify some of the special political admirers of
the great expounder of squatter sovereignty, to
know that the son and biographer of Judge Story
records, in his Life, that the Judge repeatedly and
earnestly spoke to his family and intimate friends
of this decision, from which Judge Douglas quotes
so approvingly and complacently, as being "a
triumph of freedom." Tile biographer argues that
it was a judgment adverse to slavery, and "a tri-
umph of freedom," because it localized slavery,
made it a municipal institution of the States, and
not recognized by law.
Slavery exists m the State where the owner
dwells, exists out of the State, exists in the Ter-
ritories, exists everywhere, until it comes within
the limits of a sovereignty which prohibits it.
The Constitution, as that profound lawyer and
statesman, Judge Berrien,argued, recognizes sla-
very in a free State; speaks of it, in such free
State, as an actually subsisting debt of service or
labor, and prohibits the discharge of the slave. If
the Constitution recognizes slavery in Alabama,
and quoad hoc in a sovereign State forbidding sla-
very, does it deny my title to a slave in territory
which is common property ?
The treaty of peace between Great Britain and
the United States, signed at Paris, on the 3d of
September, 1783, on the part of the United States
by three northern men—Adams, Franklin, and
Jay—and which treaty was subsequently, by the
Constitution, made the supreme law of the land,
recognized "property in negroes." The Con-
stitution of the United States discriminates spe-
cially in favor of slave property; provides for its
increase, for its permanency, for its security,
and for its representation in this body. It recog-
nizes property in slaves; and the Supreme Court
has affirmed our right to emigrate to, and oc-
cupy with slaves, the common territory; and from
this recognitor) and guai'antec, protection is an
inevitable scquitur. From the premises, the se-
quence cannot be resisted that the powers of
the Government are due to its security. I do
not admit the right of Congress to establish or
to abolish slavery—to emancipate or to enslave.
The affirmative power to establish is not dele-
gated, and there are no inherent powers in this
Government. The power to abolish or exclude
is not given, and the property character of slaves
includes them within one of the positive prohibi-
tions of the Constitution. All the power this Gov-
ernment has, is to recognize as property in the
Territories whatever is recognized as such in the
States; and, if need be—hut not officiously and
impertinently—to adopt such regulations for its
security and protection as the nature of the case
may require. Congress cannot abdicate its au-
thority. If so, the executive and judiciary can do
likewise. The Federal Government, through some
or all of its departments, must recognize and pro-
tect what the States ascertain and determine to be
property. Wars and treaties arc made to defend,
and are, in many instances, dependent upon what
the States decide to be property. An American
citizen whose slave property is invaded on the
high seas an demand protection of his Govern-
ment; & fortiori, whan that property is endangered
on territory belonging to the United States. In
the language of a resolution adopted by the Ala-
bama Democratic convention in 1856, and reaf-
firmed in 1860—the sentiment of which was taken
from the speech of a northern Democrat in this
House—the South is entitled to the protection
of its property in the States, in the Territories,
and in the wilderness, where territorial govern-
ments are as yet unorganized. To refuse it is
to deny her equality in the Republic, and to fail
to fulfill the great purpose for which governments
ara ordained.
It may not be amiss to sustain this claim to pro-
tection by high authority. The President, crown-
inga long life of usefulness, patriotism, and devo-
tion to the Constitution, congratulates, the country
upon the just settlement of the question of slavery
in the Territories by the Supreme Court, and as-
serts the right of every citizen to take his property
of any kind, including slaves, into the common
Territories, and to have it protected there under
the Federal Constitution. The Vice President,
so justly popular with the American people, vin-
dicates the same right. One of the most eminent
lawyers of this or any other country, now an hon-
ored member of our highest court, in 1850 said
that " the doctrine, that the Government, holding
the power of peace and war, of making compacts
and alliances, of acquiring territories and forming
governments, owing no duties to the property of
fifteen States or those Territories, is a proposi-
tion addressed to the credulity of the South, and
which nothing but credulity can tolerate." Mr.
Calhoun, who stood—
" Like a great sea-mark, standing every flaw
And saving those that eyed him."
in his letter to Colonel Benton, writing of the
character and objcct of the Govern men t, says:
« Its power and authority having for their object tile more
perfcct protection and promotion of the rights and safety of
each and all, it is bound to protect, by theirunited power,
the safety, the rights, the property, and the interests of
the citizens of ail, wherever its authority extends. That
was the object for conferringwhateverpower and authority
it has; and if it fails to fulfill that, it fails to perform the
duty for which it was created. It is enough for it to know,
that it is the right, interest, or property, of a citizen of one
of tho States, to make it its duty to protect it, whether m
the Territories or on the high seas, or anywhere else. Its
power and authority were conierred on it, not to establish
or abolish property or right of any description, but to pro-
tect them."
The resolutions of the Senate caucus, which
were called for by the exigencies of the times,
and which are sustained by every Democratic
Senator but two, concede the same right of pro-
tection.
It is objected by some to this claim for Federal
protection,that it necessarily involves or concedes
the right of congressional prohibition. Nothing
can be more illogical than to confound protection
with destruction—the power, by legislation, of
facilitating the enjoyment of a right and of throw-
ing obstructions m the way of the exercise of such
a right. Numerous instances will readily occur
to any thoughtful mind, where Congress has the
power of affirmative without the power of neg-
ative legislation. Congress can make no law
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press;
nor depriving a person of life, liberty, or property,
without due pi'ocess of law; nor interfering with
the trial of crimes by jury, exccpt in cases of im-
peachment; but Congress can certainly legislate
affirmatively to secure the enjoyment of, or re-
move obstructions to, these constitutional prerog-
atives. If the right to hold slaves in a Territory
cannot be interfered with prejudicially by Con-
gress, it most assuredly can prevent its creature
from accomplishing the same unconstitutional
purpose by unfriendly legislation. It is simply
absurd to pretend that to destroy is the correla-
tive of to protect.
A less consequential, but with some a more
important objection to the claim, is its alleged in-
consistency with non-intervention, as proclaimed
in the Cincinnati platform. If this were true, I
might simply say, "Grant it, and what then?"
But it is not true, and the application of the same
term to the States and this District, as to the Ter-
ritories, demonstrates, without further argument,
the bad logic which would restrict us to non-ac-
tion. I challenge the production of a line in the
legislation of 1850, as applied to the Territories,
in the Kansas bill, or in the Cincinnati platform,
which can fairly be tortured into a relinquishment
by the South of its right to protection. IN on-in-
terference or non-intervention could mean nothing
else than that Congress would abstain from ques-
tions over which it had no control; would neither
establish nor abolish slavery; would not inter-
vene to accomplish purposes of doubtful consti-
tutionality.
Non-intervention, as used by some, is a shallow
device, and means that the Federal Government
is the enemy of slavery; that it ignores it, and will
rof recognize or protect it; and that it will not
lend its power to uphold and sustain it. It is a
shuffling, but disastrous, compromise between
our right to protection, and the power claimed to
cripple and abolish. It is a relinquishment of the
duties of Government, and an abandonment of our
equality and manhood. Complete non-interven-
tioii in reference to slavery, is aggressive action
against us; is discrimination exceptional and .ad-
verse to slave property; is {< accumulated and un-
equal protection to antagonist and rival interests."
We entered the compact, and delegated the exer-
cise of certain sovereign powers, that they might
be used more efficiently for our protection and
security. If the Federal Government refuses us
protectionfromunfriendlylegislation, or "refuses
to carry the claims of the slaveholder for redress
I to the proper tribunal, the slaveholders must es-
| tablish a Government that will render adequate
! protection, or become an easy prey to foreign
! rapacity or domestic fanaticism.'* " If the slave-
; holder is to have no surrender of his fugitive slave,
he must have an army or navy to guard his front-
iers or coasts, and to punish the enemy who har-
bors his property. If the slaveholder can enjoy
no share of the common property of the Union,
he must be exempt from taxes and military con-
