1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3047
Mr. BARR. I move to amend by striking out
the following words after the word " aqueduct"
down to the one hundred and twenty-second line:
According to the plan and estimates of Captain Meigs
$500,000: Provided;, That the office of engineei of the Po-
tomac water work* is hereby abolished, ami us duties sliaJI
be hereafter di^chaigcd by the chief engmeerof tho Wash-
ington aqueduct, wiio shall be, as heretofou*. an officer of
the corps of engineers not below the rank of captain, ami
having experience In the design and coiibtuictiou of bridges
and aqueducts/5
and to insert, in lieu thereof:
Thiee handled and fifty thousand dollars, to be expended
innlei the diiection of a civil engineer, to be appointed by
the fcJecietary of Wai.
In offering this amendment, Mr. Chairman, I
do not wish to make any remarks disrespectful to
the engineer or the gentleman who has had those
works m charge; but 1 have gone over the whole
of these works and I have taken a great deal of
pains in examining them, and I am satisfied that
that gentleman does nut understand his business.
I have had some little experience in the construc-
tion of water works myself, and I am satisfied of
his incompetency from the estimates which Cap-
tain Meigs submitted at the commencement of
the works. For instance, he estimated for Cabin
John bridge §70,000, and he has expended on it
already §300,000, and it is not finished yet. Now
he comes here and asks $500,000 to continue the
Washington aqueduct, promising to finish it up
► for that sum. Now, I say, that ^500,000 will not
begin to finish it, nor will $1,000,000. He pro-
poses out of this $500,000 to build a reservoir out
of mud, and whenever a freshet comes it will
sweep away the mud reservoir into the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal, and wash away all the
works, and then that canal company will come
to Congress demanding damages to the amount of
millions. That will be the result of the mud aque-
duct. I refer also to the conductin removing the
desks from this House  
Mr. HUGHES. I very reluctantly call my
fnend to order.* The removal of the dusks has
nothing to do with the Washington aqucduct.
Mr. BARR. I think it hay. I liopc the gen-
tleman will not try to divert me from my object;
I have but five minutes, and I want to show why
it is that Captain Mei^s is not capable of car-
rying on this work. There was an order that
he should place the chairs upon this iloor nearer
together, and what has he done? He has put
these sofas in here, which arc a nuisance. He
put them in here at an expense of twenty or
thirty thousand dollars; and he had from the 4th
day of March, 1859, until this present Congress,
and the work is not finished yet; and if you give
him till next Congress again, the work will not
be finished even then. 1 hope, therefore, that my
amendment will be adopted. Besides, persons
who have contracts on this aqueduct, should go
on and finish their contracts, so far as the sum of
$35,000 will allow them; if not, they will come to
the next Congress, and ask us to satisfy them for
damages, in not making an appropriation to allow
them to carry out their contracts. I would not vote
one cent for this work were it not for this reason.
But if you give Captain Meigs §500,000 now, he
will come here next session, and ask for another
§500,000. That will be the result of Meigs's op-
erations.
Mr. HUGHES. I oppose the amendment of-
fered by my friend from New York; and 1 desire
to correct him on almost every point he has made.
In the first place, I differ with him altogether in
regard to the amount necessary to complete this
work. 1 believe there arc very few gentlemen on
this floor who arc not anxious to have this work
completed us soon as possible, if they could be
satisfied that the amount required for the purpose
would be reasonable. There might, perhaps, have
been a question in the beginning as to the policy
of commencing a work on so stupendous a scale,
although it has been projected and executed, so
far, quite in keeping with what belongs to the
character of this Government, and to so great a
work. 1 have looked with some care into the esti-
mates of Captain Meigs. His first estimate for
the completion of the work, according to the plan
on which it has been projected, was $2,300,000,
which amount has been expended. But Captain
Meigs very clearly explains how it is that the
work has not been completed within the amount
which lie estimated for at the beginning; and, to
mvmind, his explanation ispcrfectly satisfactory.
There have been frequentsuspensions in the prog-
ress of the work, and circumstances have repeat-
edly changed as the work progressed. The works
have deteriorated; the materials, of a perishable
character,have decayed; experiencedfoiemenand
skillful workmen have been discharged from ser-
vice; and every gentleman on this floor can com-
prehend that when an undertaking of this kind is
frequently interrupted, sometimes for one or two
years, it must add very much to its ultimate cost.
Just so it will be, although toaless extent, if you
suspend operations on the Capitol, built, as it is,
of materials but little subject to deterioration from
the ravages of the elements. I have made as care-
ful an examination of the work as it was possible
for me to do in the progress of a day. I have seen
it in all its various stages of development; and I
am satisfied that §500,000 will be amply sufficient
to complete it upon its original plan. I do hope
that the amendment proposed, so far as regards
reducing the amount of the Senate amendment,
will not be acccptablc to the House.
I must now refer to one other point. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. B.uir] spoke of the
defective character of the reservoir. 1 cannot for
the life of me see how the large bank thrpwn up
there for the purpose of restraining the water can
ever give way, because the surplus water, as the
gentleman knows, is earned off by a cut through
the solid rock sufficient to discharge the highest
floods.
Mr. BARR. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I did not speak of that one, which 3 bfelieve
is a failure, but of the one which the engineer
proposes to build out of mud.
Mr. HUGHES. The receiving reservoir has
been constructed on a very; cheap and economical
plan, but a most substantial and excellent one.
The arch of the bridgeat Cabin John branch is the
largest span m the world. It has been projected
with a great deal of science, and executed, thus
far, with skill and judgment, and it is ically al-
most worth a journey across the Atlantic to see
it even in its incomplete condition, being the largest
single stone arch in the world. But itis, at pres-
ent, in a condition in which all the money that
has been already expended—over one hundred
thousand dollars—on it may be utterly lost. The
centeiuigs are of course of wood, a perishable
material, which may be set on fire any day by the
hand of an incendiary; or the stream itself, in an
extraordinary flood, may carry it away.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. It was stated, during the last
session of Congress, that we had no authority to
take water from the Potomac; that the right of
so doing was denied us by the State of Maryland,
and that any appropriation we might make was
liable to be lost, on account of the refusal of the
State of Maiyland to give us permission to take
water from the river.
Mr. HUGHES. On the contrary, the State of
Maryland has given the right to the Government
of the United States to take water out of the
Potomac.
[Hercthe hammer fell.]
Mr. WHITELEY. I move to increase the ap-
propriation $1,000. I understand the Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in this amendment of the Senate. Now, j
sir, I am m favor of the appropriation of $500,000, |
and am opposed to the proviso. I do not pro- )
pose to occupy the whole of my five minutes; -
but I wish to ask this committee if it is not a i
singular fact,in the legislation of this country, that :
the Senate, or the House—or in this particular j
case the Senate—should attempt to designnte the !
officer who shall have charge of this particular !
work, ov any other work? Now, sir, the proviso, i
which is a particular one, is, " that the office of
| engineer of the Potomac water works is hereby ;
[ abolished." Who appoints that officer? The |
I Secretary of War. The amendment also pro- j
j vides that the duties of the office shall hereafter be j
' discharged by the chief cngmeei of the aqueduct, j
| who is also appointed by the Secretary of War. ;
! Mr. CURTIS. Letmo ask the gentleman under '
what authority he appointed any such officer? ■
Mr. WHITELEY. I want to know by what i
authority the Senate aboli&h that office, and j*ay i
that its duty shall be performed byany otheroffieer j
appointed by the Secretary of War. i
Mr. CURTIS. Congress has supreme power ,j
over the subject. il
_Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Chairman, tins pro-
viso introduced by the Senate, which proposes
the limit—that no person under the rank of a
captain shall have charge of these works—is a
discrimination against the talent and worth of the
officers of our engineer corps, who are as capable,
as intelligent, as active, as industrious, and as
worthy of this appointment, as any captain in the
engineer corps. 1 want to know if this commit-
tee and this House, by the adoption of this pro-
viso, intend to make that discrimination among'
a set of worthy officers because one happens to
hold an older commission than the other?
Now, in reference to this particular work, I am
in favor of the most liberal appropriations for it,
as I am in reference to every work which this
Government has commenced. As I have said,
once or twice before, I think it is the falsest of
economy to stop appropriations on any works that
we have expended millions upon. I am therefore
in favor of passing this appropriation for the
Washington aqueduct; but 1 am opposed to this
proviso, which is intended to benefit a particular
man m preference to every other man in the en-
gineer corps of the Army. That will be the effect
of this amendment. It places this work in charge
of one man in preference to a whole corps of en-
gineers. Both these officers are appointees of the
Secretary of War; and the Senate chooses to dis-
criminate in saying that one of them shall not
hove the superintendence of the work, but that
the other shall.
A Member. Who are the officers?
Mr. WHITELEY. Captain Meigs and Lieu-
tenant Morton.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not understand that the
latter is an officer of the engineers.
Mr. WHITELEY. He is an officer of the
engineer corps of the United States, and was ap-
pointed by the same power that appointed the en-
gineer of the Washington aqueduct. He is a
graduate of West Point, and as talented a man
as there is in the corps, too. But because he does
not wear captain's epaulets his office is to be de-
stroyed, and another man, who happens to wear
captain's epaulets, is to supersede him.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I remember very
well that, at the first session of the last Congress,
it was stated m this House bv one of our mem-
bers—and my recollection is tliat it was Hon. J.
Glancy Jones, then chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means—when he was asked for an
appropriation for this aqueduct, that if we would
appropriate $500,000, and authorize the engineer
to use an unexpended balance of about three hun-
dred-and-odd thousand dollars, making an aggre-
gate of something upwards of eighthundred thou-
sand dollars, it would be amply sufficient to
complete the work, and that no other call would
ever be made upon Congress to appropriate an-
other farthing. He stated distinctly that he made
that declaration upon the authority of Captain
Meigs. Many members hesitated in reference to
voting the appropriation, doubting whether the
estimate of Captain Meigs could be relied on.
What does the sequel show? At the last session
he came to Congress for another appropriation,
renewing the pledges he had given before in ref-
erence to that, but Congress refused to comply
with that request. He now comes in to a new
Congress and makes the appeal to gentlemen here,
who.are not cognizant of the facts to which I have
referred, for an appropriation of §500,000 more.
But if we appropriate that amount,! am fully Sat-
isfied, from what little attention I have been able
to give to the subject,thatthegentlcmanfromNcw
York, who was addressing the committee a mo-
ment ago, was right when he said that'll,000,000
would not finish the work. You may appropriate
$>500,000 this year, and $500,000 next yeai;and as^
long as you are willing to make appropriations of
money so long will it be absorbed by this man,
Captain Meigs. I am satisfied, without any in-
tention to reflect upon him, that he has cost this
Government millions upon millions. No Gov-
ernment engineer ought to be allowed to expend
Government money unless some kind of safeguard
are thrown around them. There is no stmt or
limitation to the amount they will expend if you
will give it to them.
Now, sir, my knowledge of the facts, in reply-
ing to the interiogutory propounded by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Hughes,] from
what information I have been able to obtain—and
