1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
.North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] or at least some
one of those with whom he acts, could receive at
any time more than thirty votes. Now, I submit
to the gentleman whether, when we have oast this
number of votes for the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] Mr. Bocock's friends
will come over, and elect Mr. Gilmer? I again
ask the gentleman from Mississippi whether, in
his opinion, the gentleman from Virginia can
receive ninety-three votes? Will those gentlemen
claiming here to be anti-Lecompton Democrats
rally around Mr. Bocock in sufficient numbers to
give him ninety-three votes ? If he can show that,
then his figures and arguments will have a more
solid and enduring basis to rest upon.
Mr. McRAE. It is a most extraordinary thing
that I cannot get anybody to come up right fairly
to the question. [Laughter.] It does not matter
on which side they are. I have not the pleasure
of knowing personally that gentleman. 1 am not
aware that I ever looked into bis facc before. But
I inquired of my colleague [Mr. Lamar] who he
was, and 1 am informed that he is an honorable
member from Tennessee by the name of Etiier-
idge. [Laughter.] Well, sir, if the gentleman
had made his statement in fairness, lie would
have remarked that when I spoke of our having
ninety-three votes, I excepted two—one gentle-
man not having been heard from, and the other
being too young to vote. Of course, then, we can
only get ninety-one votes. But that does not
alter the fact in regard to the majority, because,
if we had ninety-thiee votes, we would only re-
quire twenty-six from the other side; but with
ninety-one votes, wo have to get twenty-seven.
The fact operates against us.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Brabson, I believe.
Mr. HARDEMAN. No, sir; a better looking
man than Brabson.
Mr. McRAE. I refer that question to the gal-
leries. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARDEMAN. It has been charged here,
by a portion of the members on my left, that the
responsibility for not organizing rests on the Op-
position members from the South. Now, 1 wish
to state distinctly that I am opposed to, and shall
oppose from now till Christmas next year, the
election of a Republican candidate for Speaker.
At the same time, I will not and cannot support
a man who indorses the opinions of judge Doug-
las; which opinions are, I think, subversive of
southern interests and southern rights. Now, 1
propose to ask this question of the Democratic
candidate for Speaker, and if he will answer it to
my satisfaction, I, for one, as a southern-rights
man, pledge him my support. That is fair and
square. I ask him whether he indorses the con-
struction of Senators Douglas, Stuart,and Pugii,
to wit, that the organic act confers on the people
of a Territory, while in a territorial condition, the
power to exclude slavery by unfriendly legisla-
tion; and whether he would support for President
Mr. Douglas, or any other man holding this opin-
ion, if nominated by the Charleston convention '
If Mr. Bocock answers those questions ill the
negative, I pledge him my support as a southern
man. If he does not, I, for one, will never vote
for him.
Mr. McRAE. I am a man of order myself,
and never get out of order. My friend from
Georgia [Mr. Hardeman] directs inquiries to
Mr. Bocock. I presume he has directed none to
me.
Mr. HARDEMAN. No, sir.
Mr. McRAE. Then Mr. Bocock. has not the
floor; and I do not presume he will undertake to
get it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARDEMAN. I will take your answer
for it.
Mr. McRAE. That is what I suspected at first.
The gentleman wants not my individual answer,
but he wants me to answer for Mr. Bocock. j
Well sir, I must state to the gentleman, m answer I
to his first question, that he and I must come lo j
a distinct understanding, as to what the opinion 1
of Judge Douglas is—as to whether the right of ;
the people of the Territory to decide on the sla- !
very question by non-action or unfriendly legisla- j
tion is a right conferred by the Kansas-Nebraska :
bill, or whether it is an inalienable right belonging ]
to the people of a Territory when they are organ- j
ized as a political community, under a territorial ;
government. We must settle that question first.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARDEMAN. I can settle that question.
Judge Douglas in the political love feast which
occurred at the other end of the Capitol, took the
position that the people of a Territory while in
a territorial condition could through their Legisla-
ture establish such a system of taxation on slaves
as to render them valueless. That position I re-
pudiate, and I want to know whether the Demo-
cratic candidate for Speaker indorses it or not.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman has not defined
Judge Douglas's position at all, as to whether
Judge Douglas considers that a right transferred
to the people of a Territory under the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, or whether he considers it an in-
herent right of the people of a Territory when
organized. The gentleman has not touched the
point. I asked him to settle that question, and
let me know distinctly what he wishes me to an-
swer. 1 know how these misunderstandings grow
up; it is because gentlemen never know precisely
the position public men occupy.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I answer, that Judge
Douglas says in his Harper article, that it is the
inherent right of the people.
Mr. McREA. Well that is not the question
asked in the gentleman's interrogatory. I ask
the gentleman to read his interrogatory. That is
just what I want to bring him to.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from Missis-
sippi permit me 
Mr. McRAE. Oh no; I do not want to be in-
terrupted by any other gentleman. One at a time
is enough for me. [Laughter.] That compli-
cates the tiling, Mr. Clerk, and gives rise to the
very thing I want to avoid. I want a clear and
distinct understanding between the gentleman and
myself.
Mr. HILL. I want to simplify it.
Mr. McRA.E. My friend from Georgia, who
appears to be a better looking man than either
hts colleague or Air. Brabsox, will excuse me.
[Laughter. ]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi refuses to yield to the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. McRAE. No, sir; I yield to the other
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I did not propound the
question from any other than the purest motives,
because, if the gentleman answers it correctly, I
shall vote for Mr. Bocock.
Mi. McRAE. Read the interrogatory again,
if you please.
Mr HARDEMAN. I would like to have Mr.
Bocock himself on the stand.
Mr. McRAE. One at a time is sufficient.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Does he indorse the con-
struction placed by Senators Douglas, Stuart,
and Pugh, upon the Kansas-Nebraska bill, to wit,
that it confers upon the people of the Territory,
while in a territorial condition, power to exclude
slavery by unfriendly legislation ? Will he sup-
port for President Mr. Douglas, or any other man
holding these views, if nominated .by the Demo-
cratic party m their convention at Charleston? I
would like a direct answer to these questions.
Mr. jNleRAE. Now, you see his interrogatory
does not correspond with the position winch lie
says Judge Douglas occupfes. [Laughter.] I
will give the gentleman until to-morrow morning
to rewrite his interrogatory. You see that his
first interrogatory is put directly in contradiction
to the position which he himself states that Judge
Douglas occupies, and, of course, there can be
no answer to that; and the second one falls with
l. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARDEMAN. I will state 
Mr. Me.RAE. Let me ask the gentleman one
question, for. f think, 1 know the reason why he
put his interrogatory in that form. I ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia if he does not believe, ac-
cording to his construction of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, that it does confer that right upon the
people of the Territory?
Mr. HARDEMAN.' I will answer, Mr. Clerk,
that it i - one of the cardinal principles of tile par-
ty to which I belong that the office should seek the
mai. not the man the office. I have not heard
that the Speakership is in search of me. When 1
find that it is, 1 will take time to answer such
questions, f Laughter.]
Mr. McRAE. That, sir, only corresponds with
the fact, which was illustrated in the beginning of
my remarks, that I cannot get a fair answer from
anybody. [Roars of laughter.] The gentleman
has said that it is the office that should seek the
man, and not the man the office, and that he will
take time to answer the question. I will say to
him in that case, that I do not think the time will
ever come when he will answer it, for the office
will never seek him. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I would like to
ask the gentleman from Mississippi a question if
he will allow me.
Mr. McRAE. Most assuredly.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I will ask the
gentleman whether, if Mr. Douglas is nominated
by the Charleston convention, and in his letter
of acceptance gives that construction to the Cin-
cinnati platform which ho has given in his Har-
per article, he will vote for him? I desire to have
an answer—yes or no.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, I have said that I
ana a fair man, [laughter,] and I want no misun-
derstanding; and as the Harper article is% very
long article, sir, [renewed laughter,] andsas I
read it very casually some time ago, when it first
came out, I will ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to state distinctly what the position is
which Judge Douglas takes in the Harper arti-
cle? [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Mr. Clerk, I con-
fess that the length of that article in Harper de-
terred mc from rending the whole of it; but a
Democratic paper in the State that I in part rep-
resent, says that Mr. Douglas's opinion upon
this question is this: that it is the inahenalJle right
of the people of a Territory to. exclude slavery
from that Territory by unfriendly legislation.
Now, I desire to know if the gentleman will sup-
port Judge Douglas upon that construction of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, or of this glorious Cincin-
nati platform, if you please?
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Cleik, the gentleman says
that the article m Harper is so long that he must
confess that he has not read it, but that a Demo-
cratic newspaper somewhere, which he has seen,
attributes to Judge Douglas a certain position.
Sir, I cannot enter, into a controversy with the
newspapers of the country. [Great laughter.] If
the gentleman himself confesses the fact that he
has not read the Harper article, and cannot say
of his own knowledge and on his own responsi-
bility what the position of Judge Douglas is, why,
of course, he will see that he lias no right to ask
me a question. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Now, sir, to avoid
anything more of this kind, I ask the gentleman
if lie will vote for Judge Douglas if he is nom-
inated by the Democratic convention at Charles-
ton, at all ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Upon the Cin-
cinnati platform just as it is ?
Mr. MOORE,'of Kentucky. I do not care on
what platform.
Mr. McRAE. I answer that question by say ^
ing that I intend to wait until the Charleston con-
vention acts, and then I will determine who I will
vote for. [Much laughter.] I understand that
the gentleman from Kentucky is not a member of
the Democratic, party.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I am not, sir.
Mr. McRAE. And I understand him to be
one who will not support the nominee of that
j party at Charleston.
j Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I will not.
' Mr. McRAE. Well, sir, as it is a question
i between Democrats whether Mr. Douglas is right
| or wrong, and not a question between Democrats
and Republicans or gentlemen Who have said they
j do not belong to the party, I ask the gentleman
! to say, truthfully, whether he thinks he is enti-
j tied to an answer? [Laughter.] No, sir; he is
i not. I have said that when nny Democrat pro-
' pounds eai interrogatory to me in reference to this
! question between the Democratic party, I will
j answer him; but I am no; going to answer Re-
; publicans or outsiders who say, in advance, they
i will not support the nominee of the Democratic
j part}', because they have no right to know what
| we are going to do, or whether we will agree or
; disaarree. [Laughter.]
! Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I have no right
; to ask tho gentleman the question, I admit; but
, the country has a right to a. response to that
I inquiry.
