2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
apply the provision of the laws of Michigan in
reference to the ward and township meetings to the
general election. I say it is a non sequitw. You
cannot come to that conclusion, and why? Be-
cause the general law steps in and says that men
who have resided in the State for so many years,
in the county for so many months, and in the
ward where they vote ten days before the elec-
tion, are entitled to vote.
Well, Howrigan says that every one of these
forty men did reside with him during these ten
days prior to the election. The gentleman says
that these men "staid ten days with Howrigan;
that they boarded at his hotel, and got their board
and liquor free,** and wentoverinto Canada and
had a prize fight; that one of them has since been
sent to the penitentiary, and all that sort of thing.
"What has this to do with the question before us?
At is outside the case. The gentleman has been
drawing on his imagination—T will not say upon
his prejudices—for the facts. What has it to do
with the validity of this election, whether Orvis
has been sent to the penitentiary or not? Were
these men entitled to vote? That is the question,
if they were not entitled to vote, did they vote for
Mr. Cooper? If so, then he is not entitled to re-
tain his seat.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us look at this law, and
the evidence as disclosed at the instance of the
contestant himself. What does Howrigan swear?
He says that, being anxious to obtain as many
Democratic votes as possible-in that ward, he did
boaid these men at his house. Had not he the
right to do it? Is it to invalidate an election, and
deprive men of their elective franchise, because a
tavern-keeper saw proper to board, free of charge,
some twenty, thirty, forty, or fifty men for the
ten days prior to the election, when it is not even
charged that the sitting member knew anything
about the arrangement, or that it was made spe-
cially in reference to his election? Can you stop
here, and, assuming arbitrary jurisdiction, say
that, because a man chose to board at a hotel and
drink at another's expense, that, therefore, he
shall be disfranchised and deprived of the privi-
lege of casting his vote3 You may dodge or flinch
as you please, but that is the English of it. Are
you prepared to adopt that position? There is
not a particle of testimony goipg to sliuw that
these men voted illegally—make a mark right,
there—not a particle.
The l?nv of Michigan, if I had time to read it,
would satisfy every one within the sound of my
voice that the conclusion at which 1 have arrived
upon this point is the only legitimate one. The
law provides that if there be, at any time, any
doubt about the legality of any vote, and the
voter shall be challenged by the inspectors or by
any of the bystanders, thatm every such instance
the person objected to shall take certain oaths,
and upon doing which his vote shall be received.
These Howrigan men were challenged, and swore
that they were entitled to vote, entitled to the
benefit, of the presumption of the law that they
would not vote illegally. How is this presump-
tion met? These men swear, under the solemnity
ofau oath, that they were entitled, and no human
being shows that they were not. Thatisthe fact,
and, turn it as you please, you can make nothing
more or less of it. The prescribing qualifica-
tions of voters, reads:
'•if any person ofieiin* to vote shall he challenged as
unqualified by any inspector or any elector entitled to vote
at thai poll, the ctiauiDnn of the hoard of inspnetot** MniU
declaie to the poison challenged the constitutional qnahfi
cation oi an electoi ; and if Mich person shall state that he
is a qualified elector^ and the eballemre is not withdrawn,
one of the inspectors shall tender to him one of the lollow
ins oaths, as he m.iy claim to contain the pound* of his
qualification* to vote : You do solemnly pvveai (or affirm)
that you arc twenty one years of acre ; that you are a citi-
zen of the United States; that you have resided in tins
State thiee months next preceding this day, and in this
township (oj ward, a> the case may be) ten daj s next pre-
ceding this day, and that you have not voted at tins elec-
tion."
Well, sir, that law wag carried out to the letter
in this instance. All those men whose votes are
attacked by the contestant were challenged, and,
under the solemnity of an oath, declared that they
were entitled to vote, m the presence of the inspect-
ors. They declared that they had been residents
of the ward for ten days, and of the State for
three months. But the law provides further:
"And if such person so challenged will take cither of
the above outhb, his vote bhall be received; but if tucii
person shall theiein swearfalsely, upon conviction thereof,
he shall be liable to the pains and penalties of peijury."
The inspectors then acted properly in receiving
the votes of those persons; and so far as appears*
inthcevidencebeforethecommittee, no one swears
that they were not entitledas qualified voters. Upon
this point the witness says, in substance:
" Question. Do you know these men?
" Answer. I know some of them.
" Question. Do you know whether they had resided in
the ward lor ten days ?
" Answer. I do not know.
" Question. Do you know whether they were entitled to
vote ?
" Answer. I do not of my own knowledge know any-
thing on the subject."
That is the substance of the testimony on whose
evidence gentlemen rely for the rejection of these
votes. These men proved their faith by their
works in casting their votes, and to reject their
votes is to presume, without evidence, that they
perjured themselves, and committed a fraud in
stating that they had resided in the ward for ten
days preceding the election.
This is the character of the testimony upon
which this House is asked to sustain the position
of the contestant, and deprive the sitting member
of his seat.
But, sir, I pass on, and call the attention of the
House to the evidence taken upon the examina-
tion of Mr. Howrigan. He says:
" Question. Do you know whether these men were legal
voters in the wauls wheie they pioperly resided?
Answer. I do. A.s to many of them, I knew that they
were votei*, and allof them told me that they were.
Question. Had all of these men resided in the ward
ten day?5 beforu the election ? ;
" Ansuer. Thev had. And some of them longer.
u Question. Were these men day-laborers ?
"Answer. They were mechanics, laborers, sailors, and
young men out ot employment; and, so far as I know, they
weie legal voters in this ward. I base this opinion on the
constitution and law, and their residence of ten days in the
waid. I refer to pection one, article .seven, of the consti-
tution of Michigan, where the qualifications of voters are
laid down. I knew the qualifications of an elector before
the election. Only one had a wife."
On page 24, Mr. Howrigan says:
" Question. Do you remember whether these men were
challenged on the day of election ?
"Answei. They were all challenged, and swore their
vot,xs in according to the statute.
" Question. Were all the men who boarded with you
challenged on election day?
"Answer. They were, and swoie in their votes, except
one O'Caliaghan."
The evidence further discloses the fact that
these fifty or sixty men were mostly men out of
employment, or men who were in the habit of
navigating the lakes, temporarily having their
families m Detroit, or who had gono to Canada
for the purpose of obtaining employment, still
making Detroit their homes; and m all such cases'
the laws of Michigan properly provide thatsuch
persons shall not bo deprived of their residence
or the right of suffrage.
[Iiere^the hammerVelL]
Mr. STllATTON obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. There is, at this hour, a spe-
cial order, by order of the House. It is the bill to
provide for the safety of the lives of passengers
upon vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam.
Mr. GARTRELL. Is my hour out ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope that the gentleman
will be allowed such time as may be necessary to
finish his argument.
Mr. GARTRELL. I would like about five
minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. GrARTRELL. I have said all I desire to
say upon that last branch of the argument, and
now proceed to another. In the town of Grosse
Pomtc two votes are attacked by two witnesses.
Here are the questions and answers:
" Question. What tickct did they vote?
"Answer J cannot tell. I did not see the tickets at all.
I suppose they vveie Democrats."
The other witness testified the same thing.
(i Question. Do you know whether the Grmer brothers
had not residedm the township ten days befoie election?
" Answer. I do not. They may for aught I know.
" Question. Do you mean to say they were illegal voters
at the November election ?
" Answer. I cannot swear that they were."
And John Corby swears, (page 58,) in his cross-
examination, as follows:
" Question. Do you know whether the G/iner brothers
had resided in Giosse Pomte for ten days before eiecuon?
'• Answer. I do not.
" Question. Do you know whether or not they were
voters m Grosse Pointe in November?
" Answer. I do not."
This evidence does not show that they were
non-residents, nor does it show that they voted
otherwise than legally. It shows simply that
the witnessesknewnothingaboutit. Thatis all
I have to say about the two votes attacked at
Grosse Point.
Let us examine the votes attacked in the fifth
ward. The first witness is Daniel Smith. The
gentleman from Massachusetts told the House
yesterday that the committee thought twenty-five
or thirty men were brought in from Canada, and
voted. I here announce to the gentleman who
had the temerity to make such an inference, that
1 can find no evidence cf its truth; and, if it be
true, there is not a single living witness, so far as
this record shows, who has testified to twenty-
five, or thirty, or any other number of illegal
votes. It is all mere conjecture—an idle sup-
position. The witnesses do not know whether
they voted the Democratic ticket or the Repub-
lican ticket. They did not know whether thirty
or twenty or ten voted. The majority of the com-
mittee did not assert it in their report. They sim-
ply declare:
" As it is said that some twenty-five or thirty voted, we
will assume the lowest number, and call it twenty-five."
Now I submit, with all candor, that, as intelli-
gent men—presumed at least to be so—impar-
tial men—bound by our oaths to be so—no pre-
sumption can be justified that twenty-five men
voted illegally when nobody swears what num-
ber voted, or for whom they voted? If you can
stretch your imagination to that extent, and upon
your consciences say that twenty-five men voted
illegally for the sitting member, when no man
swears that they did, you must do it; but I can-
not, and would not, if it involved my right to the
highest office in the gift of the people.
One Edgar swears that nine men voted illegally.
I am willing to take his statement, although it
must be received with a great many grains of
allowance, for the names of none of these men
appear upon the poll-lists. It is remarkable that,
the names of these nine men, designated by him
as voting, do not appear upon the poll-hst, But
as he has sworn unequivocally that he knew that
they did vote illegally, and for the sitting mem-
ber,! must take it to be true, and deduct them from
the seventy-five, still leaving Mr. Cooper, the
sitting member, sixty-six majority.
That is the conclusion to which I have come,
after a very careful and thorough review of all the
testimony in this case. I have endeavored, m this
investigation, carefully to discriminate between
positive and negative testimony. I have consid-
ered it my duty to receive the former, and to reject
the latter; to reject hearsay testimony, and to put
this case upon its merits, without respect to the
situation of either of these gentlemen who think
they have a right to the seat, and both of whom
have.personally my entire respect. The evidence
shows that they have not only here, but at home,
conducted themselves with propriety and decorum
in reference to this contest.
In conclusion, I rail upon gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to determine this ques-
tion without regard to party, and according to ths
merits of the case. If you are determined to put
a man into a seat here because he belongs to
your party, just preface your resolution with,
"Whereas the contestant is a member of the
great Republican party: and whereas George B.
Cooper, the sitting member, belongs to the Dem-
ocratic party, the former being in a majority:
therefore, resolved, that the contestant is entitled
to his seat." I will not, however, presume that
you will be governed by any such motive. I will
not say that you are. I take it that the witnesses,
these inspectors, and the members of this body,
will discharge each their duties faithfully and
honestly. No man is to be convicted of fraud
upon bare presumption. I thank the House for
its indulgence in allowing me time to conclude my
remarks.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say to the House that the bill which is now in
order—I refer to the bill to provide protection to
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam—was very
thoroughly discussed when it was under consid*
