1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
least t This is so well known that it would be a
"Waste Of time to cite the various familiar passages.
What else could the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Burlingame] have admitted when he
said that the North " must have an anti-slavery
Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-
slavery God?" Certainly he admitted that which
every man who reads both must admrU-that the
Bible and the Constitution tolerate slavery.
As man was thus left free, by this clear draw-
ing of the lino between the discoverable and the
revealed, to seek for truth in all matters con-
cerning the operations of nature; and the quali-
ties of the material world'around him, so was he
left free to 'seek oxit by the light of his oWn reason
that form of government^ and to establish that
class of social institutions best calculated to pro-
mote his happiness. 1 seek, therefore, to justify
slavery in the South, because it is not forbidden
by any natural law; it is tolerated by Divine law,
and because .it is the best and most expedient,
both for the master and the slave; and 1 do not
Believe that God, either directly by his word or
more remotely by his laws, as affixed to crcation,
has so strangely ordered things as that that which
is best should not also be that which is right. On
the contrary,! take it to be axiomatic, that, in all
fictions which discover a moral element^ the best
•way is always the right way.
Now, if slavery is a sin againstGod,whichmy
constituents are committing every day, and which
I utterly deny, who arc the responsible authors
of the fcvil ? Can it be laid at the door of a single
human soul in the southern States ? Not one, as
I imagine. England landed the first negro slave
on the shores of the western world. So early as
the year 1562, the first livjng cargo of Africans
was thrust on the coast of Hispaniola. So piously
was it then regarded by our British ancestors,
that the vessel in which they were transported
was called the Jesus; and her owner, one John
Hawkins, was afterwards knighted by Queen
Elizabeth for the great and signal servicc he had
rendered the Government, by the introduction of
this new source of wealth into the colonies. I
quote the following from Walsh's Appeal;
" it proved lucrative, and immediately associations were
formed hi England, among the most opulent and distin-
guished men of the country, to follow up the adventure.
Soon.tDo object began to be considered as of national im-
portance ; arid so early as the lGth James I. a royal chartcr
was granted to a number of eminent citizens of London,
as a joint fctocK company, to curry on a trade to Africa,
with an cxcIumvc privilege. Thcpiivate merchants, envi-
ous of the harvest which seemed to await the company,
interloped upon the Afiican coast, and k> fmt>;ina>>ed the
trade that the charter was abandoned. Another company
was created by Cliailrs J., but it shared th^ san>^ fate from
the same cause—the cupidity and nuxconduct of the unli-
censed adventurers."
From Davanant's Reflections on the African
Trade, I quote again:
" On the accession of Chailcs II., a representation being
made to turn tliat the Bnttrh plantations in America were,
by degree*-, advancing to &uoh a condition as necessarily
recjuiied a greater yearlv supj lv of servants and laborers
than could well be sp.ued from Enpiand without the danger
of depopulating his .Majesty'?, unlive dominions ; his Maj-
esty did (upon account of supplying these plantations with
negroes) publicly invite all ins subjects to the subscription
of a new joint stock, for recovering and carrying on the
trade to Africa."
They complied, of course; and much of the
wealth and many of the great names of the king-
dom—the ancestors of the noble lords and right
honorables who no"\% preside over rabid aboli-
tion meetings in Exeter Hall, and denounce sla-
very in the United States—embarked in and made
princely fortunes outof the 4' traffic in the bodies
and souls of men." And it is here worthy of re-
mark, that these "interlopers," who traded m
slaves without the authority of the royal charter,
jxistificd their proceedings under the plea of nat-
ural right; that they had a natural right to steal
negroes as welt as anybody else; and this right
no laws or charters in the world could deprive
them of. This is precisely the language held at
this day by the practical John Browns who steal
our negroes from the South, and the theoretical
* John Browns who stand at their backs—at a safe
distance, to be sure—aiding and abetting, and de-
fying the Constitution and the laws made in pur-
suance thereof. 1 commend it to the gentleman
from Connecticut. For many years afterwards,
the success of the trade became a port of the set-
tled policy of the British Government, for the suc-
cessful advancement of which both the force of
its arms and the subtilty of its diplomacy were
vigorously brought to bear. Treaties were en-
tered into, by which England secured to herself
the exclusive privilege of supplying the colonies
of other European Powers with African "slaves;
under one o.f which, that of Utrecht, in 1713, the
Spanish West Indies were iilled.
Said Lord Brougham:
•" By this treaty, which the execrations of ages have left
inadequately censured, Great Britain wascontent to obtain,
as the whole price of llamihes and Blenheim, an additional
share of the accursed African slave trade."
But though Great Britain was the author and
greatest participator \i this trade, we must not
suppose that Englishmen alone reaped all its
profits. The American colonies come in for a
share of this doubtful honor. American vessels,
as we are told by Walsh, himself an Abolition-
ist, in his Appeal from the Judgments of Great
Britain, formed a considerable portion of these
" interlopers'' who infringed the rights of the
royal chartered company; and all the c®tcmporary
authorities inform us that the colonies participated
in this trade to the full extent of their ability-to
do so, either officially or otherwise. Of these
vessels, by for the greater number, if indeed.not
every one, were fitted out in northern ports and
owned by northern Aminidab Sleeks. And all
this time that this trade was going on, most of the
colonies, if not all of them, were protesting against
its continuance by the mother country, North
and South; Massachusetts Bay and New Hamp-
shire not oustripping Virginia in the earnestness
and sincerity of their opposition. In5fact, Vir-
ginia, after having passed so many as twenty-
three different acts intended to restrain the slave
trade, from 1662 to 1778, to all of which the royal
• assent was refused, indicated her extreme oppo-
sition to it by inserting a clause in her independent
constitution, declaring this refusal of the Crown
to abolish this traffic one of her principal reasons
for separating from the mother country! Even
Jamaica and several of the islands of the West
Indies made earnest but unavailing efforts to effect
the same object.
Now, if tiiese things are true—and they are his-
tory—who is to blame for introducing and fasten-
ing upon American soil this thing which you
call a sin against God ? Not the present slave-
holders, most certainly. They never trafficked to
Africa, but you of the North did; they never set
fire to the huts of miserable Africans, and seized
their women and children as they rushed fran-
tic from the flames, but you did; they were never
the inhuman traders in the k< bodies and souls
of men;5' but your exemplary forefathers were!
And nothing but a monstrous misconception of
justice, originating only in the brain of a man
mad with the wild vagaries of a false and dam-
nable philanthropy, would now attempt to visit
upon southern men the expiation of the sins of a
system begun under Q,necn Elizabeth, and con-
tinued down to 1808, ivith which they had nothing
on earth to do< and against which they were all the
time protesting / It is not in the power of dema-
gogues or sectional fanatics to avoid this palpable
injustice in the eyes of all men not absolutely
blind with hatred to the South and her institu-
tions, For no man, or set of men, can alter the
eternal fiat pronounced on the nature of right and
wrong, while conscience and reason hold a place
in the human breast.
But slavery is here—not by my act, or the act
of any man m the South, so far as I know—but
it is here,nevertheless; and as candid, practicable
men, we must look at things as they stand on the
open perspective before us. In pursuance of my
proposition, I shall proceed to show that it is right
for us to hold our slaves in subjection, on the. sup-
position that it is best for both races; and, as before
laid down, I claim that if I can establish that it is
really best, I have proved that it is right also, and
all that it logically carries with it. Slavery once
existed in the North, in every State save one, at
the adoption of the Federal Constitution. You
abolished it there, or rather you sold your negroes
to the southern planters, and abolished the insti-
tution after the manner in which a man abolishes
his property in a horse—by putting their value m
your pockets Now, why did you do it? Was
it from pure and unadulterated love of the op-
pressed African? Was it solely because of your
detestation of this dealing m "human cattle?"
Did balderdash and maudlin sentimentality, such
as drops every day from your Phillipses and Gar-
risons, your Browns and Becchers, Stowcs and
Stones—hateful alike to gods and men—did such,
I say, move you to if ? Pardon me for saying that
I do not believe a word of it; inquisitorial torture
could not make me believe it. There are many
men, both North and South, I am sure, that could
make any sacrifice for the sake of true philan-
thropy; even to-the giving of their bodies to be
burned at the stake. But I believe it is pretty gen-
erally understood, from Land's End to Behring's
Strait, that when a Yankee trades he makes money
by the operation. The abolition of slavery in your
midst was an act which will not ruin your repu-
tation for thrift. You found it would not pay in
your bleak, northern clime, and you got ria of it.
The glory and philanthropy of the thing were an
after-thought entirely, and merely added to the
transaction because theycostnothing. Yourcoun-
try was adapted to grazing and to manufactures,
in which the semi-barbarous labor of the African
was neither desirable nor profitable. You turned
your slaves adrift on the commons, (those of them,
'at least, which you did not sell off to the South,)
and supplied their places with tlie cheaper ana
more desirable labor of the European emigrant.
It was right for you to do so, because it was the
best. This, sir, is the history of your emancipa-
tion of the slaves in a nut-shell.
We of the South, on the contrary, found sla-
very both profitable and desirable. The ship-
ping, the great ports of entry, and climate being
m your favor, you received the tide of emigration
which flowed in from Europe after the organiza-
tion of^our Government, and peopled by this
means all your land; making labor plentiful and
cheap. The want of these advantages made emi-
gration avoid us, and our lands were settled slowly.
After the capacity of our soil for the production
of cotton, rice, sugar, and tobacco—great stapler?
in all the markets of the world—became known,
with the further fact that the climate where they
grew was forbidding and dangerous to white labor,
then it became a fixed interest among us. We
cherished it, and it has cherished us. We have
now upwards of four million slaves, who cultivate
our fields, sleep under our roofs, and are so inter-
woven and ramified into the fabric of our society,
that a blow aimed at their status strikes with vital
force the whole system.
What do these slaves do for civilization now,
under the control and direction of their Anglo-
Saxon masters? And what would they do with-
out this control and direction ? Upon the answer
to these questions hang all the law and testimony
in the case. Can any statesman on earth give a
commensurate idea of the value of the single arti-
cle of cotton to the civilized world ? He can give
you the statistics, showing how much is rai.srd
per annum, how much is manufactured by <wh
nation, its value, and such like commorcial items.
He can tell you that the entire cotton crop produced
by these slaves,in 1853,was one billion six hundred
million pounds; which, at ten cents per pound,is
worth $160,000,000. One billion one hundred and
eleven million and ocld pounds of this arc exported,
and furnish two thirds of the entire export trade
of the United States. The crop of 1850 amounted
to three million five hundred thousand bales; and
that of 1859, though not all yet heard from, it is
estimated will reach at least four million five hun-
dred thousand ! About seventeen per cent, only
of this is retained for home consumption; the vast
balance is exported. And the fabrics manufac-
tured of this cotton constitute two thirds of the
value of all the woven fabrics thatissuc yearly from
the countless looms of Great Britain. And though
some have endeavored to lessen its value and im-
portance in commerce, by comparing it to the
amount of the other domestic productions of the
country, which, they say, far exceed it in value,
yet the fact of its demand abroad and its capa-
city for exportation, as shown by these figures,
clearly proves its superiority to any other product.
But is it possible, aside from this statistical
view of it, to say what cotton has done for man-
kind5 Has any man yet attempted to estimate
the influence, moral, physical, and political, which
that delicate and beautiful plant exercises on the
destinies of man? Silent and unseen, perhaps,
yet all-powerful and universally pervasive, its
influence may be not inaptly compared to the
light of the sun. Silently, gradually, his beams
come stealing over the " battlemented oast," light-
ing and gladdening all things: falling so gently
