1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into an argument upon the question of the power
of Congress. All I have to say is, that we be-
lieve there is an absolute necessity for the erec-
tion of a new jail. The grand jury of the cay
have several times condemned the present jail as
a nuisance. The Mayor of the city, as well
as the Commissioner of Public Buildings, has
brought the subject before the attention of the
Committee on the Public Buildings and Grounds,
for several Congresses past, and a string of peti-
tions has come up from the people of the neigh-
borhood, asking Congress for the erection of a
new jail. Perhaps the old jail, at the time it was
built, was sufficiently large, but the city has grown
so rapidly that the jail is too small for the neces-
sities of the city, it is not only a nuisance, but
it is unsafe; for 1 am told by those who have the
superintendence of the building, that they are
obliged to crowd into those little cells, not more
than six or eight feet wide, six, eight, and even
ten persons. Old persons and children, men
and women, and those who have been sent there
for no crime whatever, but only detained as
witnesses, must be crowded in with the greatest
felons.
The condition of the jail is also calculated to
generate malignant diseases, which may not be
confined to the jail only, but be spread all over
the city. That we should have such an old pen
as this—for it is nothing better than a hog-pen—
is a disgrace to the nation. I have heard a great
deal said about extravagance and a great deal
about economy, but I have no fear that this Gov-
ernment will not, without difficulty, meet all her
liabilities.
It is true that, some years ago, when the Treas-
ury was full, Congress appropriated large sums
for works on a very magnificent scalc. The rev-
enues of the country have run down, and now, as
we are all aware, the Treasury is empty; and we
ought to do as all economically-managed private
companies have done—cut down our expendi-
tures, and only appropriate money for works of
the most pressing necessity, and put others in a
state of preservation, until our Treasury is replen-
ished—as it will be, I have no doubt, in a few
years. Then we can go on and complete all the
works. This great Government of ours will be
increasing year after year, and will, I hope, out-
live all the Governments of the world.
The question was taken on Mr. Harris's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend by striking
out the following:
"Who is hcieby authorized to enter into contract for
the building of said jail on the plan proposed by Charles F.
Andeison, architect, which was submitted to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and which shall be filed
with said Secretary. The said jail is to be erected on Gov-
ernment reservation No. 13,inthocityofWashington,and
on the elevation south of the city almshouse."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JUNK1N. I move to amend by reducing
the amount $50,000.
Mr. PEYTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to make one remark in reference
to the report of the architect?
Objection was made.
The question was taken on Mr. Junkie's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RUST. I move to ainend by inserting,
after the word "jail," in the two hundred and
tenth line, the words " with the lowest respons-
ible bidder."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Peyton's amend-
ment.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hardeman
and Bingham were appointed.
Mr. BONHAM. Before we proceed further,
I ask the unanimous consent of the committee to
amend by reducing the amount $100,000. I think,
with that reduction, we can all vote for the work.
We liave these public, buildings to construct, and
we arc constrained to do it.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object.
The committee divided; and the the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-one; noes not counted.
So Mr. Peyton's amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the Senate's amend-
ment, as amended, and it was not concurred in.
Eleventh amendment of the Senate:
Strike out "$2,500," and insert in lieu thereof "$5,000;"
so that the clause will read:
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-closets, public
stables, water-pipes, pavements and other walks within
the Capitol square, broken glass, and locks, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment of the Senate:
Strike out "$3,000," and insert in lieu thereof "&6&00:"
so that the clause will read:
Foi annual repairs of the President's House and furni-
ture, improvement of grounds, purchase of plants for gar-
den, and contingent expenses incident thereto, §6,000.
The Committee of Ways ancHMeans recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth and fourteenth amendments of the
Senate:
After the words "Pennsylvania avenue," insert the
words, " iiridge and High streets, in Georgetown, Four-
and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth stieets across the iVIall
and strike out the words "§30,000," and insert in lieu
thereof the words "$47,000;" so that the clause will
read:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the pub-
lic grounds around them, and around the executive offices
and Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and High streets, in
Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets
across the Mall, #47,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PEYTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount from $47,000 to
§30,000. I merely desire to say, that I sec no good
reason why this House should recede from its
former action in this matter. The proposition is,
that we shall light at the public expense the streets
of Georgetown and various streets in this city.
I can see no good reason why wc should do so.
In none of the States do the State governments
light the streets of the capitals. I know they do
not in my State, nor in any State with which I
am familiar. And here is a proposition that the
whole city government of Washington, so far at
least as lighting the streets is concerned, shall be
pensioned from the Treasury of the United States.
I do hope that the House will not concur in the
amendment, but adhere to its original action.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 want to know why a gentle-
man who travels so much at night as the gentle-
man from Kentucky docs, desires to travel in the
dark ?
Mr. PEYTON. Those with whom I keep com-
pany are honest, and it is not necessary to have
them guarded; but perhaps m the gentleman's
country—for I believe he comcs from Egypt—he
may want protection at night. I do not think we
should depart from the original proposition which
was adopted here. I am not for pensioning out
the entire District of Columbia and the city of
Washington from the public Treasury. We must
stop this thing somewhere, and we may as well
commence here as anywhere else.
Mi. WELLS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " Bridge and High
streets of Georgetown." I know of no reason
why this Government should light the streets of
Georgetown. Perhaps some of the other gentle-
men of the committee know such a reason, but I
do not. In reference to Four-and-a-half, Seventh,
and Twelfth streets, across the Mall, there is good
and sufficient reason why the Government should
be at the expense of lighting them.
A Member. What is the reason?
Mr. WELLS. The reason is, that the Gov-
ernment owns the property through which those
streets run on both sides, and if they are not !
lighted at the Government expense they will not .
be lighted at all. \
The question was taken on Mr. Wells's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Quaules's
amendment. .
Mr. Q,UARLES,by unanimous consent, with- 1
drew it.
The question rccurred on concurring with the ;
Senate's amendments. ■
The question was taken; and they were not ]
concurred in. j
Fifteenth amendment: j
For laying pipes for gas, putting up lamp-posts and bum- i
ers on Four-and-a half stieet, rium Maine avenue to the j
penitentiary, $11,974 65; and for lighting the same when i
completed, with yas, $2,397. !
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concusred in.
Sixteenth amendment:'
And to insure a proper economy in the Expenditure of
this and all other sums appropriated for gas, the President
of the United States is hereby authorizedto appoint a com-
petent superintendent of gas, whose dutyit shall be to see
that all illuminating gas sold in the District of Columbia is
made of proper materials, and correctly measured to the
Government, and ail other consumers. And the act fHOor-
poratmg the Washington Gas Light Company is hereby
so amended as to prohibit said company from receiving,
aflcr the 31st day of December next, more than thirty-five
cents per hundred cubic feet of gas, furnished by it to any
consumer, subjcct to a discount of not less than ten per
cent, on all bills for gas, it paid at the office of said com-
pany within five days from the rendition thereof, provided
all arrears shall have been previously paid. The said su-
perintendent of gas shall receive for his services an annual
salary of $1,500, to be paid out of the national Treasury,
and that turn is hereby appropriated for the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 1861.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
For taking down and rebuilding the southernmost span
of the biidge across the Potomac, known as the Long
Bridge, $3,247 54.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, $3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
For grading and graveling Xi street south, from Seventfc
to Fourteenth stieets west, sotting curb and paving gutter
with stone, and footway with brick, on the north side of the
same, next to the public reservation, $7>9"9 50.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
For finishing the trimming and graveling of Pennsylva-
nia avenue its entire width east of the Capitol, and for
trimming and graveling Eighth street ea?t, fiom its intersec-
tion with said avenue to the navy-yard gate, .$5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
For inclosing the Circle, at the intersection of Pennsylva-
nia avenue ami New Hampshire avenue and K and Twenty-
third streets, with a wrouglit-iron railing five feet high,
.$9,018 47.
Mr.GARNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That the opprobrium of Amcncan art, purport
ing to be an equestrian statue of Washington, shall be re-
moved and melted down, and the bronze sold to defray in
part this appi opi iauon. *
Mr. Chairman, in the last sixty odd years the
memory of the Father of his Country has been
harassed by fourth of July orations and by dis-
graceful statues and monuments all over the
country, arid by pictures such as that wretched
daub which wc see there in the corner of this
Hall. Not many yeails ago, we placed him in an
almost naked condition out in these grounds, to
endure the hot sun of summer and the cold frosts
of winter. And not content with thus pillorying
him in the public grounds, we have now mounted
him on what purports to be a horse, but what any
gentleman who has been accustomed to see horses
will pronounce to be an intolerable beast. Cut
not content with that, this so-called artist has
placed him m a position in whichit would be im-
possible for any rider to continue in his seat for
two consecutive minutes. The horse is rearing,
while the rider, instead of leaning forward, is fail-
ing hack, about to pitch backwards over the thing
intended for the horse's tail. I think it great in-
gratitude on the part of the American people to
keep their "father" in such a position any
longer. That figure, sir, is a caricature of every
lineament of his face, and every feature of his
form; and I do hope that Congress, if it means to
pass this amendment at all, will, before they in-
close this circle with an iron railing, taice down
this wretched abortion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for tellers on
the Father of his Country. [Laughter.]
