1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
that they would not disturb the slumberings of
an infant m its cradle. And yet how powerful,
how mighty, is this same light! Withhold its
beams but for a season, and behold the astound-
ing resu) ts. An Egyptian pall covers everything,
and brave men grope their way in mortal terror;
the herds run lowing from the fields; vegetation
ceases its wonderful powers of regeneration, and
all nature "is sicklied o'er with a pale cast."
The great ship founders upon the sea, for there
is 110 gale to fill her sails. The great sea itself
ceases to ebb and flow, and frost after frost strikes
deeper and deeper yet into the bowels of the crack-
ing earth. So, abstract one cotton crop from
commerce, and behold, if you can without a
shudder of horror, the fearful picture. Verily,
but there would be curses of despair on 'change,
and waitings in the palaces of the world's mer-
chant princes! Ay, and worse than this; there
would be wailings in the cabins of the poor, and
the cries of strong men and of suffering women
and of starving children would ascend up to-
gether; remorseless crime would stalk forth from
its dark cells, and soon the midnight air would
be frozen with the cry of " murder!" and tho stars
in the vault of heaven would be eclipsed in the
conflagration of cities whose people were fed and
clothed with cotton. Great Britain, alone, is
estimated to have two million employes in her
cotton factories. Add to this number those who
are dependent on these employes for subsistence,
and we have, by estimation, not less than six
million souls in the British empire whose meat
and drink and clothing and shelter come of this
cotton! It is literally their life's blood. With-
hold but one year's supply of cotton from these
factories, and horresco referens! Fancy, if you
can, this vast multitude of gaunt and desperate
men, with the lean and bony fingers of famine
throttling their suffering wives and helpless babes,
rushing through the land and crying for bread!
Never, since the Egyptian mothers tore their hair
and smote their breasts over the prostrate forms of
their first-born after the dread visitation of the an-
gel of death, has such a wail gone up to the throne
of God as that which would pour into the ears of the
British Government. It could not stand six months.
No, sir; not all the bayonets that won at Water-
loo; not all the guns that blew up the ramparts at
Sebastopol, could stop the wild fury of these des-
perate men, with death alike behind, and death
before. Where would be Liverpool ? and where
Manchester and herkindred cities, whose swarm-
ing thousands literally breathe an atmosphere of
cotton r The everlasting clang of their vast ma-
chinery, the roar of their snorting engines, and
the busy hum that now marks so much industry,
would be forever hushed; the stillness of death
would reign in their streets, or the silence would
be fearfully broken by the shouts of a raging and
lawless mob. Their desolation could not be more
complete were the plowshare guided over their
foundation stones, and salt, the emblem of utter
barrenness, sown in the blackened furrow !
Inthe United States, the effect would only be the
less dreadful, because we have greater resources
for feeding our more widely-spread population,
and because there are fewer of our people en-
gaged in manufacturing. But no sane man can
doubt that it would be frightful to contemplate.
If a little temporary derangement of our financial
condition could produce such distress and terror
throughout the land as was witnessed through
the pressure of 1857, what would be the effect
were this four million five hundred thousand bales
of cotton, forming two thu ds of all that we ex-
port to foreign nations, suddenly to fail us ? Grass
would grow in the streets of many a lovely .New
England village; and many a haughty trader, who
now dwells in a marble palace, would come down
to the dust of poverty and humiliation, dragging
with him all that was lovelv and delicate in his
household. The source of three fifths of alt your
wealth and prosperity being gone, the " strikes"
which now disturb your business and alarm your
capitalists, would be tinged with revolution anil
stained with blood. The misery and suffering
which would sweep through your land, with all
their attendant disorders, would be such as to make
you regard your Lawrence tragedies and present
social difficulties as l ndeed but a merciful visitation.
The imperial city of New York would be shaken
to the center. Not only the great traffic m cotton,
but her entire trade with the South, would be cut
off. We could not trade there; for without our
cotton we would have little to trade with. Many
a great mercantile house would be closed, and the
names of its partners paraded in the lists of bank-
ruptcy. Great clippe/ ships would rot at her
wharves, and the worm of decay would eat into
all their timbers, for lack of that cotton and its
fabrics, with which their holds were once so richly
freighted. The white sails of our vast merchant
marine—now equal to any in the world—would
no lrfnger " float in every breeze under the whole
heavens;" but general rum and dismay would
pcrvasie all ranks and classes of men. Does any
man think that I exaggerate the importance of cot-
ton and its fabrics ? If so, let him examine the
statistics for himself. Let him famine the Brit-
ish press, and the writings of the leading econo-
mists on this subject. A learned writer in Black-
wood's Magazine, referring to this subject,says:
" With its [cot'onj increased growth, has sprung up that
mei can tile navy which now waves, its stupes and stair-over
every sea, and that foreign influence which has placed the
interna) peare— 'C may say the subsistence of millions in
every manufacturing country/ in Europe—within the power
of an oligarchy of planters."
The London Economist, on the same subject,
holds the following language:
u The live; of ncaily two million of our countrymen are
dependent on the cotton crops of America; their destiny
may be haid, without any kind of hyperbole, to hang upon
a thread. Should any dire calamity befall the land of cot-
ton, a thousand of our merchant ships would rot idly m
dock; ten thousand mills must stop their busy looms; two
thousand thousand mouths u;ould starve from lack of food to
feed //ic?n.J1
Our own statesmen, if candid, must make sim-
ilar acknowledgments. For my own part, 1 do
not think the power of language can sufficiently
describe, or the mind of man adequately follow
up, the beneficial influence in every quarter of the
globe, among all ranks and classes of men, ex-
erted by this greatest of all commercial produc-
tions. Its powtr and pervasiveness may be well
illustrated by a beautiful extract, with regard to
the operation of the atmosphere, taken from Lieu-
tenant Maury's Physical Geography of tho Sea:
a ft i« only tho girdling and circling air, that flow? above
and around oil, tint makes the whole world km. The car-
bonic acul with which to-day our breathing fills the air, to-
morrow socks its way round the world. The date trees that
grow aiound the falls of the Nile will dunk it in by their
leaves ; the cedars of Lebanon will take of it, to add to their
stature; the cocoa nuts of Taheite will grow rapidly upon
it, and the palms and bananas of Japan will change it into
floweis. The oxygen weaie breathing was distilled forus
semie shoit time ago by the magnolias of the Susquehanna,
and the creat trees that skirt the Orinoco and the Amazon
—the giant rhododendrons of the Himalayas contributed to
it, and the roses and myitles of Cashmere, the cinnamon
tree of Ceylon, and the forest older than the flood, buried
 deep in the hei of Africa, far behind the Mountainsofthc
Moon. The rain we see descending was thawed foi us out
of tho icebergs which have watched the polar star for ages,
and the lotus lilies have sucked up from the Nile and ex-
haled as vapor snows that rested oh the summits of the
Alps."
What the atmosphere does for vegetation, cot-
ton, to u great extent, does for man. Four hun-
dred million, about one half of all the inhabitants
of the earth, are consumers of cotton. Literally,
it clothes the world. There is not a village girl m
all our land but appears, on every Sabbath morn-
ing, better dressed, more tastefully and comfort-
ably, than did Elizabeth, Q,uecn of England, only
three hundred years ago. Nor is this all its office.
It is the great keeper of the peace between the
nations. There is not a civilized Government on
earth but whose councils, for peace or war, are
ruled by tins king of commerce more than by any
other human consideration. Louis Napoleon is
called the arbiter of Europe: we might say, with
more truth, that those four million slaves hold in
their hands the destinies of the world. They bind
England and all her vast dependencies more closely
to us than all the treaties arid compacts—which at
best are but ropes of sand when interest and am-
bition conflict—that diplomatists can devise. _ If
commerce is indeed doing more for the civilization
of the earth and the advancement of philanthropy
than all the other labors and contrivances of hu-
manity, as I confidently believe, then nine tenths
of all these beneficent results must be attributed
to these southern slaves, who produce nine tenths
of all the cotton of commerce. The man, there-
fore, who strikes a blow at its production, is, in
my opinion, fighting the bestinterestsof the world,
'i and is himself'4 sinning: against God.5'
j| Cotton cannot be produced by white labor, in
ii the malarious low grounds of the South, without
a fearful sacrifice of human life. No length of
time can sufficiently acclimate the European'to
the torrid heats of the cotton region. And in rto
other quarter of the world can it be sosucccssfuHy
cultivated as in the southern States below the thirty*
fifth parallel to the thirtieth. The God of nature
so sends the rains, has so fixed the winds, and so
tempered the extremes of heat and cold, that in no
other quarter of the globe does it flourish so well.
England would to-day spend any amount of treas*
ure, and shed any amount of blood, to'acquire a
sufficient territory adapted to its growth, to supply
her factories and relieve her from this worse than
provincial dependence on the southern States.
But England, with all her ships of war and all
her men of science, throughout the broad earth,
has not yet found that territory, and perhaps never
will. The great water-sheds of the Amazon and
the Ganges, the diversified plains of the sixth
continent, and all the islands of the Indian arch-
ipelago, from the mouth of the Indus to the un-
peopled waste ofthc Antarctic continent, havebeen
explored in vain*, and it remains yet to be seen
whether native Africans, under British task-mas-
ters, on the banks of the Niger, can be made to
rival the slaves in the valley of the Father of
Waters.
All this these slaves are nowdoffigin the South.
Indeed, this is but a faint outline of the magnifi-
cent results which these beings, torn from a bar-
barous cannibalism, are now made to accomplish
in the wise purposes of God. Reverting to the
other branch of the subject, we inquire wliat these
four million slaves would do in a state of free-
dom? Need this question be answered ? Who
does not know that, as a class, the free negroes are
the most worthless, idle, and dissolute of all crea-
tures. Every observing man in both hemispheres
has uniformly borne testimony to this fact, since
the African character has been known to Euro-
peans. The Legislature of nearly every northern
State has spoken upon the statute-book, in most
unmistakable tones, upon this subject. For,
whilst making the loudest professions of universal
freedom and equality, and of holding wide open
the doors of their country as a refuge for the op-
pressed of all mankind, they have studiously pro-
hibited tho influx of freo negroes under pains and
penalties. The new States seeking entrance into
the Union incorporate into their fundamental con-
stitutions similar prohibitions, and Oregon, which
we admitted during the last Congress, went so far
as to insert a clause forbidding such persons the
privilege of her courts of justice.
The miserable and abject condition of those
among you is the best indication of that which
ours would occupy if set free. With all your
professions of regard for their rights—leading '■
you, as it dqes, to extremities which threaten a
disruption of the Government, and constituting
the absorbing theme of your whole literature and
poll tics—it is a well-known and acknowledged fact
that, in your daily intercourse and dealings, you
exhibit less kindness for, and greater aversion to,
the free negroes, than do the people of the South.
And, to-day, the most arctic Republican in your
ranks would rejoice to see the last one leave your
borders. For you know that they constitute a
leprous blotch upon the body-politic. I presume
there is not an intelligent man in Europe or Amer-
ica, other than a fanatic, who is not by this time
satisfied that, aside from the natural indolence of
his disposition, the negro is not capable, mentally,
of being elevated to anything like afairpositionby
the side of the white man. You may make a tol-
erable Abolitionist out of, perhaps, one in a hun-
dred: but I fancy that all the appliances and tu-
toring of your frecdom-shriekers could not make
a decent man, or a respectable citizen, out of one
in a thousand.
If, having so very few among you, you deem it
so important to your welfare to forbid their in-
crease that you will resort to the strong arm of
the law to prevent it, and will not, under any cir-
cumstances, permit a negro to enter your borders,
unless he is running away from his master, or is
stolen from him, you can well judge of our anx-
iety to prevent our whole land from being filled
with free negroes. What would be our condition
were all our slaves turned loose among us ? Take
the State of Soulh Carolina, for instance, M*Kcre,
to about three hundred thousand whites they have
some four hundred thousand slaves. Turn these
loose, and who -but Horace Greeley and Gerrit
