1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
the non-organization of this House will rest -with
those two parties.
I did not intend to occupy so much of the at-
tention of the House upon this subjcct, and would
not but for the interruptions. I now come to con-
sider of another position—a position which deals
with the Republican party of this House. And
in dealing with this subjcct, I wish to say that I
now intend to fix the responsibility of this dis-
cussion, and of the introduction of the. resolution
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,]
in its proper place. When we met here, and
the first development of sentiment was made
between the two parties upon the first ballot for
Speaker, the fact was ascertained that the De-
mocracy did not consider that any gentleman of
the Republican party was fit to preside over the
deliberations of this body. "VVlien 1 say fit, I do
not use it in any disrespectful sense, but X use it
in reference to the great political position that
party occupies. The further fast became mani-
fest, that the Republican party did not consider
any gentleman upon the Democratic side of the
House fit to hold that position. They did not
mean that in aijy disrespectful sense, but they
meant that such were the two political organiza-
tions, that they did not consider, in the existing
condition of tilings, that any Democrat ought to
preside over the deliberations of this body.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will my friend
from Mississippi give way" to a motion to ad-
Mr. McRAE. I yield the floor for that pur-
jOtiri
pose..
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
forty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 14, 1859.
Mr. Toombs and Mr. Sebastian appeared in
tlrcir seats.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and appro red.
ADMISSION TO THIS 1TLOOR.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following order:
Ordered, That the assistant cngmeei in chargc of heating
and ventilating, have the privilege of tlie floor of the Sen-
ate, so fai us in lite opinion of the Pie-iding Ollioet Ins
dutioy mat£c it nece^my
The object simply is to allow the assistant who
has charge of the heating and ventilating of this
Chamber, to come into it during the session to
see it when it is filled, both in the galleries and on
the floor, to examine the thermometers, and see
that the registers are all performing their func-
tions properly. It cannot be done so well if Ire
comes into the room when it is vacant.^ He is
now excluded by the rules from corning into the
Chamber when the Senate is m session. I merely
wish to give him that permission under the direc-
tion of the presiding Officer.
The order was considered by unanimous con-
sent. and agreed to.
INVASION OF HAnrEIl's 1XIUIY.
The Sfiuito resumed the consideration of the
following jv.riolation, submitted by Mr. Mason
on the 5th of December:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquneinto
the facts atU'ndni'.; the late invasion and seizmeot the aim
ory and aiscual oi the United States at Ilarper1? Feiry. m
Yngmia, by a band of armed men, and lepoit whether the
same ujm attended by armed resistance to the authorities
and public ioice of the U«it°d States, and by the muidoi
ot any oi the citizens oi Virginia, or of any troops sent
tlicic lo piotccttlu; public piopo? tv ; whethei f uch invasion
and '-eu'me v:i1 made under color of anv organization
intended to subv it the coveinment of any of the States of
the Union; wli.il \va« the ehaiacte: ami extent of Mich 01-
ganr'-ation ; and whether anv citizens of the United States,
not prc.-ent. w "i'' inipi.cated tlioiein or aeees^oty thereto,
by eontnbution-: ot money, aim-1, munitionsarotheuvise;
what Wis the chai.u lei and extent ot the military equip-
ment 111 the hand-, ci iuu^'v 'he conti ol, ot said aimed hand,
and where and how ar.d when the same was obta'nf-d and
tiansportFd to the place -o invaded. And that ^aid com-
mittee lepoit wheth.1! an" and what I'vi^'Hion m
their opinion, be nece.-v ai>. on tiwpai* ot il.e i i lied States,
for the future preseivat-ou of th" peace oi in.' ro'inn\. or
for the safety oi the public properly . and that -iud commit-
tee have powoi to send iur pOi>ori-; and papeis.
The pending question being on tho ioliowing
amendment, offered by Mr. Trumbull:
After the word " invaded,"" in the fouith clause of the
resolution, insert:
And that the r-aid committee rd-o mqmr< into the faeH
attending the invasion, seiziue, and robbery, in December,
1800, ot the arsenal ot the United Suites at Liberty, in the
State of Missouri, bjr a mob or body of armed men, and
report whether such seizure raid robbery was attended by
resistance to the authorities of the United States, and fol-
lowed by an invasion of the Tcmtory of Kansas, and the
plundev and mindei of any oi its inhabitants, or of any cit-
izen of the United States, by the peivons who thus seized
the arms and ammunition of the Government,-or others
combined with them; whether >aid seizure and robbery
ot the arsenal were made undei color of any oigamzation
intended to subveit the government of the States 01 Terri-
tories oi the Union; what was the character and extent of
such organization ; and whether any citizens of the United
States, not present, weie implicated therein or accessory
thereto by contiibutioiis of money, arms, ammunition, or
olhei wise ; what was the chaiaetoi and extent of the mili-
tary equipments in tiie hand* or under the control of said
mob, and how and when and whcie the same were subse-
quently used by saul mob; what was the value of the arms
and ammunition of every description so taken from said
aisenal bv the? mob; whether the same 01 .any part thereof
have been returned ; and the value of such a=s were lost;
whethei Captain Luther Leonard, the United State* officei
in command of the aisenal at the time, communicated the
facts in relation to its seizure and lobbcry to his superior •
officer, and what measures, if any, weie taken in reference
thereto,
Mr. WADE. It was not my intention, Mr.
President, to say anything upon the subject of
this lesolution until late yesterday, when my name,
I believe, was called in question by ono or two of
the Senators on this floor. I made up my mind, on
the introduction of this resolution, that I would
vote for it; not however with the hope that any
beneficial result would probably flow from it: for
it seemed to me from the first that the only effect
it would bo likely to have would be to increase
that state of excitement that seems already to be
sufficiently strong, at least for all practical pur-
poses. Hut upon this resolution the whole sub-
ject of controversy between the northern and
southern States has been discussed; and I have
been alluded to in such terms as 1 suppose remh rs
it almostessential that I should say something. 1
have no desire to speak frequently on this most ;
hackneyed subject; I have not, during; the whole !
time I have had the honor of a seat here, been
very forward in pressing my views on this sub-
ject upon the Senate or the public; but when
measures of great public importance to the noith-
ern States?, as I deemed them, were pressed upon
uur consideration,! have been compelled to state
the views that I entertained upon them. Ihave not
obtruded myself upon the Senate, and I am con-
strained to speak now snnply because of tie, allu-
sions which have been made to me in the course
of the debate.
Itwas said by the mover of this resolution, that
one great object of it was to clicit the state of
northern feeling with regard to tlie recent invasion
at Harper's Ferry.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me a
moment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio yield to the Senator from Virginia?
Mr. WADE. Certaiply.
Mr. MASON. That has been ascribed to me
once or twice in the course of the debate, perhaps
upon both sides of the Chamber. It was a mis-
apprehension. I did not say, or mean to say,
that any object of the resolution was to elicit the
state of northern feeling m reference, to tin- ooc.ui-
rencc at Harper's Ferry. My colleague may
have said something of that sort. What I did
say, and what 1 design and hope to ascertain by
the investigation, is to find out from what source
the funds and the counsel were obtained that led
to or induced that incursion at Htuper's Ferry.
I had reason to believe, and I have reason to be-
lieve, that it came chiefly from the New England
States.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I stand corrected
in that particular, although I got the impression
that it was a part and an essential pat t of the de-
sign of the movei of the resolution, !o inquire into
the state of noi'theiri fecltee: on tnat subject. It
seems I was mistaken. F believe the colleague
of the Senator from Virginia, avowed that to he
the principal object of tile resolution. ! had sup-
posed that it could not be very esseuiiu: oi mtro-
1 dace a resolution for the1 purpose -,r ataiuiag
| what public sentiment at tin North was u,i the
I subjfc.t of this invasion of iiarper's Ferry fioiu
: any source whatever, 1 know \ery well that, for
; the basest political purposes, that great tied over-
shadowing paity to which I belong, has been
charged with complicity in this affair; but we
have treated the accusation with scorn and con-
tempt. We who have not before been charged,
ostensibly with any crime whatever, we who
have maintained peaco and good order, are all'
at once charged,, in general terms, through some
of the papers of the North and the papers of the.
South, with being parties to treason, murder, and
stirring up insurrection! The charge is so entirely
overstrained that I must say it fell upon my ears
eral and sweeping terms.
But, Mr. President, I know what the effect of
it may be in that part of the country where there
is an acute jealousy existing as to the motives of
northern men. The charge is made through the
only papers that can reach the ears of the south-
ern people, and where no antidote will be suffered
to go in order to explain public opinion. It seems
-to me that the southern people are misguided
upon this subject: that they entertain the idea that
northern men, in considerable numbers, respect-
able men, are concerned m some deliberate con-
spiracy against their rights. Now, sir, I must say
that if such a state of feeling does really exist
there, the southern people themselves are princi-
pally responsible for it. They will suffer no opin-
ions to be circulated among tliem unless they are
first cut and trimmed to their own prejudices. If
a northern man goes down there and honestly
avows his opinions, he is in peril of liis life; he is
turned out of any southern State; his sentiments,
however honest, and his motives, however noble,
will not exculpate him from the charge of being
an Abolitionist, or something of that kind, and he
will be hurled out of your States; and you, who
speak of the observance of constitutional rights,
will you stand by him there wh'cn ho invokes the
Constitution of the United States to shield him
against your unwarrantable prejudices-1 Not at
all, sir. You will no more suffer a northern man
to circulate among' you, unless lie leaves his man-
hood and lus independence behind him, than the
Chinese would suffer a stranger to invade their
cities. You will not suffer the papers of a great
and all-prevailing party in the North to circulate
among you, so that you may learn the designs of
the party tin ough that source which carries its in-
telligence to the party in the North.
Then, an, can you but be.deluded? I should
suppose if there was any danger of circulating in-
cendiary matter among the people of the South,
that would be the most dangerous of all which
went to teach the people there that a great party,
controlling all the free States, were sympathizing
with raids upon the South; were ready to lend
themselves to any uprising that might be got up
there, if I were to judge of dangerous incendia-
rism, I should say that would be the most danger-
ous of all; yet it is carried into those States without,
as I said before, any antidote, or anything to ex-
plain it. The Governors of your States may
proclaim that the great mass of the northern peo-
ple ore ready to abet the acts of those who recently
made an attack on Harper's Ferry. What could
be more dangerous to the institutions of any south-
ern State than statements like this, if promulgated
j there
\ j Why, sir, it is a strange state of things tho two
' i find prevailing all around us. A strange' state ot
; sentiment has sprung up ril at once I beg to know
i what has taken place iii ,t has given rise to this
I inquiry, and I will say it, to these most intem-
i' Derate speeches that iiav been mode on the sub-
; ject? Why,sir, twenty-one men,all told, deluded
|! men: vea, sir—judging from the very act they uu-
'! dertook to accomplish—insane men, have in vaded
a great and powerful sovereign Slate, and they
!j have met that retribution whicii ev< ry :-.e.ie man
|' knew nMe' lie the ir lot in undertaKing what they
j! did. Winn a gang of conspir: tois are appre-
|| bended and brought to justice i,i every other case,
]i e.s iar as I know, all excitement ceases over the
.craves of the malefactors: aad why not here'
i1 " Mr. President, I undei stand it is said that the
]i northern people sympathize with.John Brown m
| the raid that he made upon the sovereignty; of'
I, Virginia; and that is a gleet cause of complaint,
l! Sir, 1 do not stand here to control the sympathies
[' of the huma.uheait, ui.dv e any circumstances; be-
]'• cause they cue not subjcct to human control; but
i! I think I can explain the reason why many north-
! ern men have deeply sympathized with old John
j ]jrnv.*1<, the leafier of this gang. I ask you here,
! however, always to discriminate between the man
