2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
■which he stated he should move as an amendment
to my proposed substitute. The course which
the gentleman from Illinois now seeks to take
Will have the effect of cutting oft' my proposition,
and any amendments that might be made to it,
and will compel those who may be in favor of the
principle of this bill to take- his bill with any
addition he may choosc to make to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Louisiana give me his attention
for a moment? He is entirely mistaken. He can
ingraft on his substitute the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania', [Mr. Stevens,]
or any other amendment, and the House can vote
on the whole of it. He will thus have the fall
benefit of having a vote on everything which may
be suggested by him. I desire that the gentleman
may offer his substitute, and have a vote on it.
Mr. TAYLOR. The proper course, it seems to
me, is to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on this bill. The gentleman
says that that would have the effect of killing the
bill. I do not think so, if there be a majority of
the House in favor of this bill. It is always
within the power of the majority to make this, or
any other bill, take the course the majority may
deem fit. That is certainly the only way in which
the House will be allowed to act 011 the bill in
such a manner as to put it in its proper shape.
M r. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Louisiana will recollect that when I
consented to postpone the bill when it was before
the House, it was with the distinct understanding
of the House that the bill would not be sent to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but be disposed of in the House. If the
gentleman will i*efer to the debates, he will see
that that was the case. I trust that the Blouse,
if it is disposed ever to give any attention to
the subject—-a subject in which the constituents
of every member here are interested—will do it at
this time. The bill has been postponed in this
way for two Congresses, and has failed to pass.
Copies of it have been sent all over the country,
and the bill has received the approbation of the
press everywhere where it has boon noticed.
There are very important provisions in the bill—
provisions important to the public—important to
the safety of the lives of passengers on steam-
boats. I wish to state, very briefly, the amend-
ments to the original bill.
Mr. BARR. Have the editors of papers seen
the substitute which the gentleman now pro-
post's ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am going
to state what the sul^tituto 155.
Mr. BARR. The gentleman will let me sayn
word. A gentleman from New York, who is
very much interested in this hill, has bfen here,
and I told him yesterday—mistaking this for Mr.
Cochrane*s bill—that it was postponed till next
December. Of course I admit that the business
of the House should not be delayed by any such
mistake of mine; but I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to let the bill be postponed till this
gentleman can sot back hcio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Now York cannot surely be in earnest
to ask for the postponement of the bill on such
grounds as that.
Mr. BARR. The gentleman to whom I allude
seemed to have a great interest m the bill, and
could make important suggestions in regard to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But surely
the gentleman from New York would not ask me
to have the bill postponed on that account.
Mr. BARR. I am sure that no member knows
enough of the bill to be prepared to vote 011 it to-
day.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order. I
am exceedingly anxious to know what the House
is doing. I see two gentlemen contending for the
floor, and I do not know what question is under
consideration. I am very anxious to go into the
Senate to hear Mr. Douglas; but if business is
to be attendedto, I shall be very glad to stay here
and attend to it. I want one or the other of these
two gentlemen to go on with his busmess.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
is, that the gentleman from Illinois is entitled to
proceed, and ho is endeavoring to proceed.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
requested me to yield the floor to him while he
could make an explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is what
I am abdut to do.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to know what
the gentleman has been doing, if he is only about
to proceed now to his explanation? What has
he been doing for the last fifteen minutes ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can never
getthrough" if gentlemen, like the gentleman from
Massachusetts, are continually interrupting me.
Mr. DAWES. I have not interrupted the gen-
tleman. £ have waited lieie with all. patience,
while the gentleman has yielded the floor to any-
body who desired to debate the merits of the bill.
Now, f want to know whether, under the rules of
the House, this question of privilege, which was
under discussion when the gentleman from Illi-
nois rose here, can be superseded by his special
order? I do not want to interpose any factious
opposition to the bill; but if it be true that this is
a question of privilege, which, in the language of
the Manual, supersedes all other business, then
I desire a vote of the House 011 the question of
the appeal. I therefore renew my appeal.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I would like to make a statement to the
House, and for the benefit of the gentleman from
Illinois. He asked me, when he rose, to with-
draw my motion to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
stated I had no objection to that course. But
finding that there arc amendments which various
gentlemen desire to propose to this bill, I will not
withdraw my motion to commit. I desire to say
so to the gentleman before he acts on the state-
ment which I made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen^
tleman will refer to the debate when this bill was
up last, he will sec that it was the understanding
that the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union should be
withdrawn.
Mr. DAWES. I now respectfully appeal from
the decision of the Chair that this matter of the
steamboat bill takes precedence of the question as
to whether Mr. Howard or Mr. Cooper has a
right to a scat on this floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 'I move to
lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Illinois will allow his business to be postponed
for an hour or so, until this other business is dis-
posed of. It will save time.
Mr. BURNETT. I think that, under the cir-
cumstances, the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio is a good one. Let this business be post-
poned for an hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I certainly
do not want to be unreasonable, and I trust I
never will attempt to press anything upon the
House against the sense of the House. The
House will bear me witness whether I have not
exhibited the utmost patience and forbearance in
respect to this bill. I have postponed it at the
suggestion of various gentlemen. If it is to be
understood now that this bill shall come up after
this eontcsted-clection case is disposed of, I am
entirely willing that that shall be done.
Mr. PEYTON. I cannot yield my consent to
that.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the Chair that
this bill, being a special order, comes up to-day
after this other question is disposed of. %
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is per-
fectly in order for the gentleman to move to post-
pone the special order till after this matter is
disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
press the present consideration of the bill, pro-
vided it comes up after this.
Mr. DAWES. I will not interpose any objec-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. It comes up after that, any
way.
MESSAGE FI10M THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate,had passed bills of the following
titles; m which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (No. 274) for the relief of Townsend
Harris, or his heirs or legal representatives;
An act (No. 281) for the relief of John Bran-
nan; and
An act (No. 441) for the relief of the heirs or
legal representatives of Jean Hudry.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE—AGAIN.
Mr. STRATTON. I propose to address a few
remarks to the House in the case now pending.
It is one, sir, of considerable importance; one
which occupied much time in its discussion before
the committee; and one which was fully and ably
discussed by the parties themselves, and their
counsel In the views which I have taken in this
case, and which I shall endeavor to present to
this House, I was actuated by no partisan feel-
ing. The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gar-
trell,] my colleague on the committee, disclaims
all partisan views and partisan feelings. So far
as I know myself, and so far as I have been able
to divest myself of such feelings, in the consider-
ation of any and every case before the commit-
tee, I have done so; and while I am willing to
accord to my honorable colleague the fact that he
has entered int<? the investigation of none of these
cases with partisan views or partisan feelings, I
trust he will not he so uncharitable to his col-
leagues on the committee as to ascribe to them
any views or any feelings less pure than those
which he claims for himself.
I am glad, Mr. Speaker, to find that the honor-
able gentleman from Georgia and myself have the
same common'object in view. He has told the
House that he is anxious to tear from this case
the vail by which it is concealed, and to show it
to the House and the country in all its naked de-
formity. Sir, I shall gladly join him in that at-
tempt; and if, by our united efforts, we succeed
in stripping this case of the vail by which it is
attempted to be concealed, and in snowing it to
the House and to the country in all its naked de-
formity, I apprehend that such a case will be pre-
sented that every honest man, be he Republican
or Democrat, will shrink from the spectacle. The
contest in this case comes from the first congres-
sional district in the State of Michigan. The elec-
tion was held in November, 1858. The returned
plurality for the sitting member was seventy-five
votes. The contestant bases his case upon two
species of evidence. In the first place, he claims
that, in consequence of illegal votes, informali-
ties, and illegalities which characterized the polls
in some wards and townships, the committee and
this House are called upon to reject those polls.
In the second place, he claims to have proved,
by positive testimony, that illegal votes were cast
for the sitting member to a*numbcr greater than
his majority, and which, being deducted from his
poll, leaves the contestant, Mr. Howard, a ma-
jority of the legal votes cast.
Upon the first point, it was not my purpose to
have addressed the House, inasmuch as it was
ably, fully, and clearly discussed by my col-
league on thp committee from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] who opened the argument in this case
yesterday. But m consequence of some remarks
which have fallen from the gentleman from Geor-
gia, I feel it my duty to submit, in contravention
of the views expressed by him, a few remarks in
relation "to one or two polls thus attacked; and
upon which, or upon the views submitted in re-
lation to which, the committee felt themselves
justified in recommending to this House that those
polls should be deducted from the vote cast for
Cooper. Most of the gentleman's argument was
devoted to that portion of the report made by the
majority of the committee m which they come to
the conclusion that the poll from the fourth ward
of the city of Detroit ought to be deducted. That
is one of ilie points upon which the resolutions of
the majoiity are based. The ground upon which
it is claimed that this poll should be deducted from
the vote of Cooper is this: upon the morning of
the election, Alderman Dudgeon, who was, by vir-
tue of his office, ex officio judge of election, refused
to act as such judge or inspector. The electors
then present, m accordance with the law of Mich-
igan, elected Mr. Katus to fill the vacancy oc-
casioned by the resignation or declension of Alder-
man Dudgeon. But there is one significant fact
in this case which is not referred to in the report of
the minority of the committee, and which seems to
have been sedulously kept out of sight by the gen-
tleman from Georgia; and that fact is, that this
Alderman Dudgeon, who declined to discharge
