THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Smith would desire to live in the State ? Such a
condition of things would be absolutely intoler-
able. The land that is now the seat of so much
wealth, taste, and order, that furnishes so much
valuable commerce to the world by the means of
slave labor, would become a penal colony, with
four hundred thousand free negroes—ruined by
the very liberty which you would gite them—
roaming up and down, thieving, plundering, and
infesting the very atmosphere with idleness and
crime. The only thing it could effect for you,
would be to nationalize the Black Republican
party. Neither life nor property would be safe;
and.such would be the case in every southern
State. Generation after generation would pass
away before we could recover from the shock,
and our fertile fields would again resume the
primeval look of the forest before other hands
could be found to open their bosoms to the sun.
Any one at all acquainted with the history of
emancipation in the British West Indies will know
that I do not exaggerate, but rather fall short of,
the actual picturc.
Says General Henningsen, in his recent mas-
terly letter to Victor Hugo:
" In Africa, the negro, according to Egyptian painting
at least four or five thousand years old, (and to which double
that age has recently been assigned,) has been, tor at least
the foimcr period, in contact with civilization. He is still
unchanged in type and in condition.
"The cultivation of the Egyptian, of the Persian, of the
Greek, of the Carthaginian, of the Roman, and of the Arab,
have left him what they found him—a baibarian, a savage,
or a slave.
" Since the Declaration of American Independence, left
to himself in Hayti, with the advantage of a large number
of highly educated half-bieeds to direct him, you knowthe
savageiy into which lie has relapsed. Hardly has the gro-
tesque despotism and virtual servitude which Soulouque
Imposed been superseded hy the presidency of GeflYard (said
to be a bright exception to his race) when you have a hid-,
cous sample of Uaytien civilization in the unprecedented
murder ot Ins unoffending daughter.
" In the West India islands the free negro has rich lands,
n congenial climate, and protection against self-imposed
despotism or slavery, in Canada, and m the free States of
the North, he is surrounded by highly civilized majorities,
who extend to hun countenance, sympathy, and aid. Vet
what is everywhere the icsult? Left to himself, he falls
into barbarism, despotism, and virtual servitude."
A distinguished abolition missionary, sent out
to Jamaica to labor among the free negroes, and
to furnish evidence to the world of their capacity
for civilization, says:
" That nothing, save the furnishing of the people with
ample means of education and religious instruction, v,ill
save than from, relapsing into a state of barbarism
The seventh annual report of the American
Missionary Association says:
i: Foi most of the adult population of Jamaica—the un-
happy victims of long yeai* of oppression and degradation—
our missionaries have great fear; yet Jor even these there
may fie hope, though with trembling.1'
From the annual report of the American and
Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, 1853,1 quote again:
"The ffiends of emancipation in the United States have
been disappointed, in souk- respects, at the results in the
.West fndie«, because they expected too much. A nation
of .slaves cannot at once be converted into a nation of intel-
ligent, industrious, and moral freemen."
And again:
"Licentiousness prevails to a most alarming extent
among the people. The almost universal prevalence of
intemperance 13 another prolific source of the moral dark-
ness and degradation yf the people."
With much more to the same effect. The Lon-
don Times, about tho samo year, speaking of the
results of emancipation in Jamaica, says:
" The negro has not acquired with his freedom any hab-
its of industry or morality. His independence i-s but little
better than tbnt o« an uncapfmcd Imite. Having accepted
few ol the le.-tiamt^ of i (Vih/,.inoii, he i-> amenable to lew
ot iH necessities. The blacks, tlwiffoiv, instead of be-
coming intelligent husbandmen, have become variants and
pquatters; and it is now apprehended that, with the failure
oi cultivation in the e-land, will come the failure of its re-
soujces for instructing or controlling its population."
The Times goes on, in terms too long for quo-
tation here, to express its belief, founded upon the
very highest authority, that the whole " masses of
the population will retrograde to barbarism." The
JNew York Evening Post, known to be a violent
Abolition journal, in speaking of the decline of
the industrial interests of the island a few years
ago,says:
'* Tin* decline has been going on from year to year, daily
becoming more alarming, until at length the island has
reached what would appear to be the la?t profound of distress
and uw.cry
Governor Wood, of Ohio, on.his way to Val-
paraiso, in 1853, speaks thus of what he witnessed
m Jamaica:
" Wc saw many plantationp—the buildings dilapidated—
fields of sugar cane half worked, and apparently poor; and
nothing but that winch will grow without labor appeared
luxuriant and flourishing. Sinc& the blacks have been lib-
erated, tlicy have become indolent, insolent, degraded, and
dishonest. They are a rude, beastly set of vagabonds, lying
naked about the streets, as filthy as the Hottentots, and i
believe worse."
Bishop Kip says, also, on the same subject:
" The depth of degradation to wlych the negro popula-
tion has sunk is, we arc told, indescribable."
These are but a few extracts from the vast mass
of testimony which all candid men have been com-
pelled to bear on this subjcct; and nothing but
the conncctcd pursuit of my subject would have
induced me to waste time in citing proof as to the
utter degradation of free-negro communities.
The schcmc of removing and colonizing four
million people is so utterly absurd in practice
that it needs only to be suggested to exhibit its en-
tire impracticability. Amalgamation is so odious,
that even the mind of a fanatic recoils in disgust
and loathing from the prospect of intermingling
the quick and jealous blood of the European with
the putrid stream of African barbarism. What,
then, is bestand right to be done with our slaves?
Plainly and unequivocally, common sense says,
keep the slave where he is now—in servitude. The
interest ofthe slave himself imperatively demands
it. The interest of the master, of the United States,
of the world, nay, of humanity itself, says, keep
the slave in his bondage; treat him humanely, teach
him Christianity, care for him in sickness and old
age, and make his bondage light as may be; Out
above all, keep him a slave and in strict subordina-
tion; for that is his normal condition; the one in
which alone he can promote the interest of him-
self or of his fellows. If this is not the language
of political philosophy and true philanthropy, if
this is not right, then are my most ardent convic-
tions and the most generous impulses of my heart
but shallow andfalsc delusions; and I pray to be
enlightened, as one who would, if possible, rise
above all the surroundings of prejudice and sec-
tion to view this great question solely by the pure
and unflickering light of truth.
Such being our circumstances, and such our
convictions, it is time for the opponents of slavery
to know, and to be warned, that it is something
more than pecuniary interest that binds us to that
institution. It is not, as we are often tauntingly
told, a desire for gain, or an aversion to physical
labor, that makes us jealous of any interference
with slavery. The principle is more deeply seated
than this. The general welfare and prosperity of^
our country, ih" very foundation of our society,
of our fortunes, and, to a greater or less extent,
the persona] safety of our people, combine to
make us defend it to the last extremity. And
neither considerations of the Federal Union, nor
any other good, will allow us to permit any direct
interference with our rights in this respect.
But we are to be lulled to sleep, and our fears
quieted, as to the purposes of the Republican party,
by the oft-repeated assertions of your leaders, that
you do not intend to interfere with it in the States.
You say, again and again, that you only intend
to prevent its extension into the Territories; and
you complain that southern men will unjustly con-
tinue to charge you with interference with it inside
tho States. Mr. Seward, in his recent opiate, says:
" X That tho capital States [by which he is supposed to
moan slave States] do not practically distinguish between
legitimate and constitutional resistance to the extension
of slaveiy into the common Territories of the Union, and
unconstitutional aggic^bion against slavery established by
local laws in the capital States.''
And Mr. Wade has laid it down recently, as
one of the grand principles of the Republican
party, that there shall be no interference with
slavery inside the States. I contend, sir, that to
prohibit slavery in all the Territories, by an act
of Congress, or to refuse to admit a new State be-
cause she recognizes slavery, would be a direct
and unequivocal interference, about which com-
mon sense will admit of no sort of doubt. In the
first place, because it materially impairs the value
of my property to restrain my power to remove
it; and especially to make it no longer my prop-
erty when I take it into what Mr. Seward him-
self acknowledges to be " the common territory."
If your shoes and cotton fabrics were prohibited
by Congress from entering the South, you would
find their value impaired most wofully, and would
justly regard it as an interference with the rights
of trade.
In the second place, by surrounding the slave
States with free territory, and building us in with
an impassable wall, you would eventually force
the abolition of slavery. Our population would
become so dense, and our slaves so numerous,
that we could not live; their value would depre-
ciate to nothing, and we would not be able to keep
them. Do you not call this interference ? If not,
then what is it? A general desires to take a cer-
tain city; thinking it too strong to be won by
storm, he sits down with his army before it, draws
his lines of circumvallation, cuts off its supplies,
and, shutting off all communication, waits patiently
for famine and domestic insurrection to do their
work. True, he says, "Don't be alarmed in
there; I am not going to interfere with your in-
ternal afFairs; I have no right to do that; in fact,
one of the rules of war in my camp is, no inter-
ference with the internal affairs of this city; my
only intention is that you shall not spread, as you
are a very sinful people." Yet that city, in spite
of these protestations, would soon find itself sub-
jugated and mined. You arc interfering with our
rights in the most dangerous manner, by thus
seeking to violate one of the oldest and plainest
principles of justice and reason—that you cannot
do indirectly that which you are forbidden to do
directly. The voice ofthe nation, speaking through
its Representatives by a majority of four to one,
North and South, affirmed this in 1838. In the
Twenty-Fifth Congress, Mr. Atherton, of New
Hampshire, moved a series of resolutions on this
subjcct, the third of which sets forth—
"That Congress has no right to do that indirectly which
it cannot do directly; and that the agitation of the subject
of slavery in the District of Columbia or the Territoiics,
as a means, and with the view of distuibing or overflow-
ing that institution in the-several States, is against the true
spirit and meaning of the Constitution, an infringement of
the rights of the States affected, and a breach of the public
faith upon which tlicy enteiedinto the Confederacy."
Upon this resolution the yeas were 164, and the
nays 40. Well may you complain theyt the South
will not distinguish between your resistance to
the extension of slavery into the Territories and a
direct interference with its existence in the States.
The acutest minds can only see a different means
of attaining the same result.
In the third place, your agitation and eternal
harangues have a direct and inevitable tendency
to excite our slaves to insurrection. I know that
you deny, not only an intention to do so, but the
effect also. But you speak in ignorance or disre-
gard of history. It is unnatural to suppose that
the noise of this great conflict will not rcach the
negro's ear, and that your violent professions of
regard for his rights will not make him believe
that those who shelter him when he runs away
will not also help him to cut his master's throat.
The constant denunciation of his owners by your
crazy fanatics will make him regard them as
monsters, and will cause him to cherish the coals
of rebellion until they burst forth into a consum-
ing fire. Wilberforce and Macaulay did not even
intend to abolish slavery m the West Indies when
they began their struggle for the rights of the ne-
gro—so they said—and they scouted, the idea with
horror that their agitation would lead to servile
war. And yet, when the shrieks of murdered men
and outraged women went up through the hot roar
of conflagration throughout those lovely Islands,
the raging demons of last and brutality bore upon
their standards the name of Wilberforce, the phi-
lanthropist, beneath the effigy of a white woman
kneeling at the feet of a negro, and on which was
inscribed "Liberty and white wives!" And so.
strongly do theue facts press upon you, as the
legal result of your abolition teachings, that we
have witnessed the mortifying spectacle of gentle-
men rising on this floor and solemnly declaring
that they were not in favor of servile insurrection I
But all this injustice will you do, and all these
dangers to our wives and children will you incur,
rather than permit slavery to enter another Ter-
ritory, or permit it to come into the Union as a-
slavfeState,even though theunanimousvoiceofthe
people thereof so desired it. And this Tenitoiy,
which you mock us bycallmg " common,"what
do you intend to do with it? Sir, there are some
districts m the South, in which the widows of slain
Mexican volunteers will outnumber the whole
forces which some of your northern States had in
