3050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw the amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
For cleaning out the sewer traps on Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and.repairing the same, $300.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
For curbing, paving footwalk and gutter, laying stone
footway, and grading, on the south side ot Missouri avenue
from Tlihd to Sixth streets west, $1,900 37.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Strike out " $60,000," in the third line of the following
clause, and insert "£10,000," m lieu thereof:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agncultiue and inral economy, and the pio-
curemen*; of cuttings and seeds, .^60,000* Piovidcd, how-
ever, That in the expenditure of this appropuation, and
e^peeiallyin the selection of cuttings and seeds iordistrtbu-
tion, due regard shall bo had to the puipo ch of gene ud cul-
tivation, and the onooiuaffcment of the ajrticultmal and
rural iutetesis of all part1: of the United States.
The Committo of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire, Mr. Chairman,
to more that the committee now rise, for the pur-
pose of going into tiic House to closc the dermic
on this amendment, as I am satisfied it would
occupy an hour. I therefore make the motion
that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So theconmuttee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman imported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had undorconsul-
cration the amendments of the Senate to the civil
appropriation bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that all debate on
the twenty-fourth Senate amendment be term-
inated in one minute after the House ngain goes
into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
vSo the rules were suspended, and the Houm-
accordingly resolved itself info the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. {Ju.weji
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the civil appropriation hill.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to bo on
concurring in the twenty-fourth amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. REAGAN. Would it be in order to move
to strike out the whole original paragianh ot the
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be. The
original paragraph is not before the committee.
Mr. REAGAN. The Senate amendment is to
reduce the appropriation $20,000. Would a mo-
tion to strike out thnr amendment be in order?
The CJIAIRMAN. The Chan would surest
that a noil-concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate would have the same effect.
Mr. REAGAN. Would non-concurrence m
the Senate amendment have the elfect of striking
out the whole appiopriation?
The CHAIRMAN. It would have the effect
of leaving the appropriation as originally made in
the House bill.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to five dollars.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to increase the ap-
propriation to $100,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend, by add-
ing at the end of the Senate amendment as fol-
lows:
To he distributed amongst membcis of Oonjjre-^ for the
purpose of electioneeung among tho old women of then
distucts,
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. That is out
of order, ot course. It is changing existing law.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly it is out
of order. I object to the gentleman's inserting- a
stump speech m the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order.
The question beingonconcurringinthe amend-
ment of the Senate,
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Underwood
and Buffinton were appointed.
Tho committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 69.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Strike out of the bill the following paragiaph:
"For expenses incident to tlie execution of the act of 3(1
March, 1839, providing for the care and presentation of the
Potomac water works, and the distribution of water for
governmental and dther purposes, $4,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Tage 18, at the end of line four hundied and twenty-two
insert.
Foi completing the punting, binding, and publishing, one
thousand copies of the papeis of James Madison, under
tho direction and eonttol of the Joint Committee on the
Libiaty ot Oongicss, $2,000; and the said committee are
heiehy authoiized to contract for the printing and binding
of the same with such person or persons as they may think
ptoper to employ.
Mr. PETTIT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to move to amend that
amendment, by adding as follows:
And lor paymgunpaidaceountof authors and aitists em-
ployed in piopirmg tin; publication of the oxploi mg expe-
dition autlioii/.ed by act of Congress ot August 2(5, 181*2,
*18,982 75; and for preserving the pi operty of the expedition
counecird with the publication, $3,000.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not germane to the amend-
ment of the. Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point is well taken.
Mr. PETTIT. I should like to know wherein
tho amendment is not germane ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana appeal from the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. PETTIT. I do take an appeal. This
amendment is simply for the payment of scientific
gentlemen who have been employed by the Gov-
ernment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debute is not in order.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained as the judgmentof the com-
miitce—ayes seventy-eight; nors not counted.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
ike out M-el ion two, as fellows :
be it } ml her rn-aicd, That the sum of .$30,000, here-
totoie appiopi infed h} net ot ,'ld March, 1859, tor the puiposc
oi'iepaii- and incidental expense-* to the light-house at Os-
wego, and buildings connected thoiewith, and wnich re-
main-; unexpended, may be used and applied for icpairing
and seeming and protecting the pier connected with the
lucht-hou'-o at OMvcgo, New York, so as to prevent the
destruction ot raid tight-house and pier."
The CHAIRMAN. The committee recom-
mend a non-concurrence.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of pre-
venting debate, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. We can take a vote by
unanimous consent, without any debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no debate, I will
withdraw the motion.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
For converting the old Senate Chambci into a court-
loom, the old court-ioom mto a law lihiaiy, and for fitting
up the roonn m connection with them, foi the use of the
Supreme Court, and its ofliceis, f^>.">,000 : Provided, The
woik ciin be finished foi that miih ; to be expended under
i lie dnccuou of the Commissioner of Public Buddings and
Ciounds.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend by striking
out " $20,000, "from the appropriation. I would
like to ask the gentlemen who have this bill in
charge how &25,000 can be expended in fitting up
two rooms of thjs Capitol?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I may be mistaken; but
my jcollection is, that the Committee of Ways
and Means leeotmneuded a non-concurrence m
this amendment. At any rate I hope this com-
mittee will non-eonour.
Mr. ASHLEY. Twenty-five thousand dollars
for fixing up two rooms for the Supreme Court!
Why. sir, I undertake to say that we can fix up a
room for $5,000, fit for any court upon earth, let
alone this court. I cannot conceive how that
amount of money can be expended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the committee will
non-concur.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope tho committee will
concur in this amendment. I think the Supreme
Court of the United States ought to have a court-
room suitable to its character, and suited to the
character of this Government; and 1 tell gentle-
men over the way that $25,000 is not too much
for this purpose. I understand that the Senate
propose to convert the old Supreme Court room
into a library room, and construct a stair to it
from the old Senate Chamber; and to convert the
old Senate Chamber into a court-room, and they
are to have a clerk's room also. This will cost
$25,000. T hope this Congress will not allow the
Supreme Court of a Government like ours to sit
in the cellar of the Capitol, and have strangers,
when they come here and ask to be shown the
greatest judicial tribunal of the country, to be
taken down cellar. 1 understand that the original
estimate was much larger than this, and I do not
think that $25,000 is too much. Tiic old Senate
Chamber is of no use now, and it is a good loca-
tion for the Supreme Court. It is hallowed by
many sacred memories, and we should take meas-
ures to.preserve it in a proper manner, and I know
of no better means than this.
Mr. SHERMAN. T am perfectly willing that
the old Senate hall shall be fitted up for a Su-
preme Courtroom. I thought the amount pro-
posed to be appropriated to be too large. I do
not sec how $25,000 can be expended profitably
for that purpose. I hope the committee will non-
concur, and let the amendment go to a committee
of conference, and let the proper amount be fixed
by them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The estimate last
year was $38,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Senate amendment was not concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
For the survey of the eastern boundary of California, In
pnt«ounoe of a law passed during the ptesent session ot
Congress for that purpose, $55,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee recom-
mend a concurrence.
Mr. HOARD. I move to amend by striking
out the Senate amendment and inserting, in lieu
thereof, the following:
Foi suivcyof eastern boundary of California, upon such
term*, by contract ot othei wise, and in such manner as the
Department of tho Inteuor shall ptesciibe, $55,000.
I hold in my hand a letter from the proper De-
partment, recommending this amendment. Tho
work can be done for that sum, although two es-
timates have been put in as high as $150,000.
The Department thinks this work can be done for
$55,000.
Mr. CURTIS. This shows the absurdity of
the idea of letting out by contract to the lowest
bidder some kinds of work m this country. My
honorable friend thinks that this surveyingshould
be given out by contract, and I suppose he thinks
there are a thousand surveyors in the country who
could take a common surveyor's compass and run
that line. The gentleman is greatly mistaken.
Tho running of that line involves somc.of the most
delicate and intricate astronomical calculations
and observations. Now, I would like to know
whether astronomical surveys are to be given out
by contract.'' I understand that the gentleman
from New York is in favor of constructing the
Pacific telegraph and railroad, and everything else
by contract, and I am glad to see that he is at
leastconsistent. in proposingthat observationsand
labor of this kind should be let out by contract,
and I wonder that he did not propose the other
day, when wo passed an act in reference to obser-
vations of the eclipse of the sun, to let it out by
contract.
Mr. HOARD. I propose exactly what the
Department recommends: nnd besides that, my
amendment docs not compel the work to be done
by contract. It expressly soys, " by contract or
otherwise."
Mr.SHERMAN. Irisetoapointoforder. Tho
amendment is not in order. I have before me the
law which this amendment proposes to can y into
effect; and it provides that the President shall
select some suitable person to do the work. That
person will probably be some officer of the Army
