3052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
each volume, and a general index of the whole work, in-
eluding the volumes contained in the first series, and all
other contingentor incidental expenses whatsoever attend-
ing such publication. And, moreover, that the price to be
allowed to the publishers for said work shall be fifteen per
centum less per volume than the average price pervolume
paid for the first series of the same, printed under the act
of March 2,1831. And the said voluinesshall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Interior as the same may be com-
pleted, who shall place three hundred copies in the Depart-
ment of State for its use, and for exchange with foreign
Governments, and seven hundred copies in his own De-
partment for distribution to public libianes in the several
Stat/s and Territories, and hold the residue of the copies
in Mis custody, subject to the further order of Congress.
Ana the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay the publishers of the said work, at the late pervolume
a&ove mentioned, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, as the same may be deliveied to
/he Secietary of tiie Inteiior, and on his eeitificate of de-
livery ; and so much of the aforesaid nineteenth section of
(the act of June 1*2, 1858, as is inconsistent with this act, be,
and the same islioreqy, repealed. Provided, That tho vol-
umes shall average not less than one thousand pages.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to strike out "fif-
teen per cent.,'5 in the nineteenth line of that
amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I desire the attention of the
committee while I attempt to explain to them
why they should not agree to this amendment of
the Senate. This amendment is for the purpose
of continuing the publication of the American
State Papers by Messrs. Gales & Scaton. When
this same question was up two years ago, if came
back from the Senate ns an amendment to the
civil bill. The question arose, in tho discussion
of the Senate amendment, what would bo the
probable cost of the publication of the American
State Papers. It was remarked that the entire
cost would be $340,000, but that $25,000 a year
was all that would be asked for until the entire
work .was completed. Another question was dis-
cussed, as to what each particular volume would
cost; and Governor Letcher, of Virginia, then a
member of tho Committee of Ways and Means,
rose in his place, and xaid that he had informa-
tion from Mr. Seaton as to the cost of the work,
which it was due lo him should be submitted to
the House, although he was opposed to the pub-
lication of the work itself. He stated, upon the
authority of Mr. Seaton, that the work would
cost #3 40 per volume. He stated it upon an esti-
mate made by Mr. Wendell, who was then doing
the public printing. The House adopted the
amendment of the Senate, ami it became the law
of the land. 1 do not know how soon after that,
but certain it is that almost immediately after the
bill became a law, Mr. Senton entered into a eon-
tract with Wendell, under which rt clear profit
of $G8,000 was secured for each of them. Here,
then, under the act of 185B, is a clear profit to
both Mr. Scaton and Mr. Wendell, of $68,000
each. But not satisfied with that, they now come
here and ask us to give them a new contract,
which, according to the best computation I can
make, wili give them a clear additional profit of
about one liundred and twenty-nine thousand
dollars.
Under the contract authorized by the act of
1858, the cost of each volume of the work, instead
of being $3 40, as Governor Letcher stated, on
the authority of Mr. Seaton, it would be, was
$6 12—almost double the amountstutcd. At the
time, this act was passed 1 remember it was pro-
nounced by Mr. Mason, of Kentucky, as a job.
Other membeis said it was a job; but still' the
House passed it, and under it these parties have
received a clear profit of $68,000 each.
Under the amendment of the Senate, however,
which we arenowconsidering.it is proposed that
the cost per volume shall be $11 50, less fifteen
percent—making the actual amount to be paid
$9 78 pervolume. Let me repeat: §3 40 was the
pnceestimated; $6 V2 was the price actually paid;
and $9 78 it is now proposed to pay. I repeat
that, if this amendment be adopted, the effect will
be to put$129,000udditionui profits into the hands
of these contractors. Sir, I call upon the fiiends
of retrenchment to stand by me in defeating this
amendment of the Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise for
purpose of soying that the gentleman from Geor-
gia is cvidewly laboring under a mistake in re-
spect to the contract into which he says Mr. Sea-
ton entered under the law of 1858. I have the I
authority of Mr. Seaton, given me within the last
ten minutes—and I do not believe he would state
anything which was false—that he has never sold
one particle of interest in this work, but that they
are now fitting up their own printing office for the
purpose of doing the work. I do not wish to
make a speech; but I have simply risen to say that
I do not believe it would be doing injustice to
continue the appropriations which have hereto-
fore been made, as proposed by the Senate in
their amendment, and allow this work to go on.
I do not believe anybody would regret it. I re-
peat, the gentleman from Georgia must have been
laboring under a mistake in what he states about
this contract having been sold out.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no wish to do Mr.
Seaton, or any other living man, injustice. I pre-
sume the statement of Mr. Seaton, to which the
gentleman "refers, has reference to the contract
which it is proposed to make under the amend-
ment we are now considering, and which hds not
been sold, because it has not been made. The
contract which was made under the law of 1858
was sold out; and the parties received $G8,000
each. That is in the testimony taken under oath.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Whatcon-
tract do you refer to ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I refer to the contract
made with Mr. Scaton for the publication of the
American State Papers; made under the law of
the last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. All I know
about it is the word of Mr. Seaton, which I have
given.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then the testimony given
under oath before the committee of the Senate is
false.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I give the
gentleman my authority. I have seen Mr. Sea-
ton since the discussion commenced. I told him
it had been said—1 referred to the statement of
the gentleman from Georgia himself—that he had
sold this contract for $68,000. Pie said it was
an utter mistake; that ho had never sold it for a
dollar.
Mr. PRYOR. I move, pro forma, to amend
tho amendment by striking out the last proviso:
" that the volumes shall average not less than one
thousand pages."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Crawford] exhibits a very singular con-
trast between his argument and the conclusion of
jus speech. Ho contends, with much earnestness
and circumstantiality of specification, that, under
the law of 3858, Messrs Gales & Scaton realized
moat exorbitant piofits from the publication of the
American State papers. Now, if this ciliegation
be correct, why does not the gentleman support
the amendment under consideration—an amend-
ment which proposes a considerable deduction
from the expenditure under the law of 1858? If
the abuse exist, it is reasonable to demand of the
opponents of the abuse a cordial advocacy of a
measure of reform.
The amendment before us proposes a reduction
of expenditures by a simple operation—by sub-
tracting fifteen per cent, from the cost of work
under the original prices, and by imposing upon
the publishers the expense of lithographing, tran-
scribing, collating manuscript, and other prelim-
inary charges. I take it, Mr. Chairman, that
nobody contemplates a suspension of this publi-
cation. The American State Papers constitute an
invaluable work—invaluable for historical eluci-
dation and for practical effect on the interests of
legislation. The manuscripts of these papers are
so dispersed as to be inaccessible without groat
labor and research. The publishers collect them
with diligence, arrange them with judgment, and
i present them in a shape the most convenient for
reference.
I would not discontinue the publication, and
hence I approve an appropriation for the prose-
cution of the work. In reply to an intimation
thrown out by the gentleman from Georgia, I am
authorized by Messrs. Gales & Seaton to say that
Wendell has no connection, absolute or contin-
gent, whatever, with the publication of the State
Papers. They have organized an office, with the
view of prosecuting the work with their own
resources.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The question between the
gentleman from Virginia and myself is this: the
gentleman says the American State Papers are ,
absolutely necessary. Upon that point I take no
issue with him. It is only upon the ground that
this is a material modification of the law of last
year that I take issue with the gentleman. Upon
that matter he labors under a mistake. I have
already stated that the cost, as it was clearly
shown,underthelaw,was&6 12pervolume. Now
they come here and propose that we shall pay
them §11 50 per volume, less fifteen per cent,
off. That will leave them $9 78 per volume. Now,
if the gentleman can show me that §6 12, the
amount we paid before, is more than $9 78,1 will
admit that he is correct; but not otherwise. It is
capable of proof, by Towers and Rives, that under
the present contract the price is $6 12per volume.
Then,deduct $6 12from$9 78,andyouhave$3 66
still as clear profit in the work. Then allow for
compiling, selecting, and arranging the papers,
&c., that seven clerks will be necessary, at a sal-
ary of $1,000 a year each, for two years, it will
amount to §14,000. Divide that amount by the
aggregate number of books to be published, and
it will make the cost of that kind of labor equal to
§1 16 per volume. Deduct that sum from the
other, and it will still leave you $2 59 as the net
profit upon each volume; and upon fifty thousand
volumes it will give them the handsome sum, in
the way of profit, of $129,500.
The work was to run through a series of twelve
3'ears, and only $25,000 were to be asked for in
any one year; and now they come in and propose
that we shall alter the contract, so that they may
not only get this profit, but get it in one or two
years. The question is not really in regard to
carrying out the law of 1858, but upon altering
that law so as to give them, under the law of
1832, the right to print this work with fifteen per
cent. off. With all our present improvements in
printing presses,in the use of steam power, they
propose fifteen per cent, only off. It actually in-
creases the cost, while they supposed nobody
would find it out. This amendment actually pro-
poses to give these parties an additional sum of
$129,500. I hope the House will not adopt the
amendment.
Mr. PRYOR, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. TERRY. I move to amend by striking
out all between the twenty-second and the twenty-
seventh lines. I have, at tho solicitation of some
gentlemen who are favorable to this change, taken
the trouble to look into it; and from that examin-
ation I am satisfied that this amendment ought
not to pass. I am willing to carry out the con-
tact made with Gales & Seaton, under the law of
last Congress, to the very letter; but I am not will-
ing to make the change proposed by this amend-
ment. By the teims of that contiact, the appro-
priation for that work was limited to §340,000;
and one special reason why I am opposed to this
amendment is, that it would repeal that portion of
the contract.
Again, another portion of that contract con-
templated the publication of this work through a
series of years, and only $25,000 a year were to
be appropriated to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to cor-
rect my colleague. 1 believe both my colleague
and the gentleman from Georgia have fallen into
an error. There was a limitation upoa the appro-
priation for the first year only, but not for any
subsequent year.
Mr. PERRY. My colleague states the matter
right; yet it shows very clearly the intention of
those who made the contract to extend the pub-
lication of the work through a seiies of years.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am authorized to say that
there has been no transfer of the contract, and that
no money has been paidforthetransfer,<isaverred
by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. HOUSTON. Tho contract is published
in the evidence taken before the investigating com-
mittee, and the gentleman fan read it. I object
to any interference.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do you not want the truth
to be told?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; but you are makinga
mistake.
Mr. PERRY. I cannot consent to further in-
terruption. Gentlemen will use up the whole of
my time. There is no limitation at all in this
amendment; but these parties may go on to any
extent in publishing this work, and they can
publish it just as they see fit, either to a certain
