2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
he did not bring his family with him into the
ward. These men came there, as 1 will show you
by the evidence, for no other purpose than to in-
crease the Democratic vote in the second ward of
the city of Detroit, and to carry the Democratic
ticket. Yet these men are alleged by the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Gartrell] to have been
legal residents of the second ward, and as such
entitled, under the constitution and laws of the
State of Michigan, to vote.
t am not willing to believe when an individual
goes from one place to another, changing his dom-
icile temporarily and for a particular purpose, for
the purpose of voting, or any other, that that
makes him a legal resident of the place where his
personal presence for the time may happen to be,
thus entitling him to the right of suffrage. The
sole object that these men had m going into the
second ward, as I have before stated, was to vote
the Democratic ticket. There never was a more
successful and complete system of colonizing, as
it is sometimes called, than was carried on in this
ward under the auspices of this earnest and ardent
Democrat, Tom Howrigan, of the city of Detroit.
Let us hear what he himself says about it:
  Question. Had these men any business or occupation
in the second ward? [Objected to.]
" Answer. They had as much business In the sccond as
thry had In any other ward. They had no occupation in
the second ward at that time; thev were young men, out
of employment, with five oi six bundled others, at that
time."
1 refer to this testimony, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of enabling the members of the House to
sue the kind of material out of which the majority
for the sitting member was manufactured. 1 beg
leave to refer to another portion of the testimony
to show the object for which these men were
brought there. 'Mr. Howrigan makes a clean
breast of the whole matter. I again quote from
his testimony: •
" Question. Why did you desire that these men should
vote m the second ward?
([ „?miuer. To make the waid Tlemociatie, in order thElt
we might cany it on ward officer*."
As to the character, and standing, and residence
of these voters, his evidence is as follows:
" Question. Did these boarders have any baggage?
'• Jh'S!rer. They had not.
" Question. Were they furnished large rations in whisky?
"Jlnsacr. They drank five. or fix times cacil day, or
offend. , , ,
'• Question. Did they pay for the liquor they drank?
; fr. They did not.
" Quc^tun Was it the bargain when they came to your
hou-c that they should have the liquor tree ?
'■ -rfiiwrr. 1 made no bargain with them. I told them
to conic and stay with me till aftei the election, and they
should have wiiat thev wanted. 1 knew that they were ail
Deuioeiai-, and would vote the Democratic ticket what-
ever Hind thev wen- in.
" Question. Were you to receiveyoln pay horn someone
else tor tliu food and liquor of thev; men ;
"Jlusicer. 1 did not expect to heai this expense myselt,
1)111 I'\[ieetei1 to be made whole by my paity in ^oino way.
1 did not expect anything from Mr. Coopel, foi he knew
nothing of my ariangement. I do not know Mr. Cooper.
" Quezon. Was it not an agreement between you anil
some one else tlmt you would bo paid for the board and
dunk of'these men?
" dimmer. 1 did not expect to be out of pocket. I had
several promises that I should bo remunerated.
" Qurriton Jhd any of the peisons who boarded Wltll
you reside ill Canada?
'• Answer. Some of" them had resided in Canada."
All I liavo, to say in reference to this branch
of the case is, that if I had felt it my duty to
villite with the minority in sustaining the votes
cast by the Howrigan men in this ward, I should
have been unwilling to have the vail torn from
this part of the case" and have it exposed in all its
naked deformity; for it strikes me that a grosser
attempt to tamper with the purity of the ballot-
box, to stifle by fraudulent votes the expression
of the will of trie majority of the honest voters,
has never been brought to the notice of this or
of any other House of Representatives. Why,
sir, if cases like this are permitted to pass unre-
btiked, if they are winked at by Committees of
Elections, if the House of Representatives or any
legislative body before which notice of such cases
comes, pass them by without rebuke, no longer
is there safety and security m your ballot-box;
its purity-has been destroyed, and the right of
suffrage, which by every American citizen is con-
sidered ail inestimable privilege, becomes of little
value. • ■.
I do not mean to detain the House by going
intodetails; but I submit that we have proved, by
the testimony of Howrigan, and of Larned, who
was an old resident of the city of Detroit, who
had long been connected with politics, who was
familiar with every interloper in that ward, that
there were at least fifty-eight illegal votes cast for
the Democratic ticket in the second ward. Itis true
that Howrigan, upon cross-examination, says
there were sixteen, and he named them, who were
legal voters somewhere in the city of Detroit; that
he had seen them vote in other wards; but he
does not pretend that they were legal voters in'
the second ward. The question was simply asked
hint if those men were legal voters in the city of
Detroit. He answered that they were, because
he had seen them vote in the city of Detroit; but
he does not pretend that he had ever befoie seen
them vote in the second ward. This proves con-
clusively that they had no right to vote in that
ward. In reference to the question of legal resi-
dence,! beg leave to call the-attention of the House
to an authority. The. argumcntmade by the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gartrell]
is, that these men, being there in person on the
2d of November, 1858, and having been there
ten days before the election, no matter for what
purpose they came, if only to cast their votes,
they were, therefore, under the laws and consti-
tution of Michigan, entitled to vote. 1 do not so
understand it. There must be a bona fide intention
upon their part of making that place their place
of residence and their domicile for some proper
and lawful purpose. The mere fact of their going
into some election district ten days or weeks be-
fore an election, simply for the purpose of casting
their votes, does not make them residents, and
therefore does not make them legal voters. This
point has been decided by the supreme court of
Indiana, in the case of French i's. Lighty, to be
found in the ninth volume of Indiana reports.
The decision is as follows:
" t. To gain a domicile in this State, the citizcn of an-
other State must remove, locate, and intend permanently
to remain here. Residence without such intention operates
no change ot political lights ; and such resident cauiiotvotc
m tins f tatc. Thus, ab o, a lesidence in a county for any
length of tune, on business, on a visit, for pleasuie, or lor
anvtempoiary pui pose, with intention to return to a domi-
cile elsewhere, 01 without intention to lraimn tin mi in-
definite time at least, is no abandonment ot the former
domicile, and gives no domicile in the county where such
tempoiaiy sojourn is made, and consequently no light to
vote at such temporary place of residence." * * * *
'• 4. A single man can be no more without a fixed domi-
cile than a man of family ; and though the domicile of the
loriner may be mote ditlicult to find and piove,yetthe rules
ot evidence by which it is ascertained are the same as those
applicable m determining the domicile of otlier persons."
That is the rule of the supreme court of Indi-
ana, and I presume it is the acknowledged law of
the land every where. It is the law which governs
this case; and it is the law by which this House
is called upon to reject the votes of these mere
birds of passage—some from Canada, some from
New York, and some from Ohio—who were taken
to Detroit bccause they had no business, because
they were of easy consciences, and because they
were willing to sell their votes for a few days'
board and a glass of whisky. And it is because
tiiey were permitted to vote, because the sitting
member received their votes, which votes ought
not, under the law and the evidence, to have been
cast, that the committee felt justified in recom-
mending—and I apprehend that the House will
sustain them in the conclusion to winch they
have come—that these votes should be deducted.
But, says the gentleman fiom Georgia, these
men swore that they weie legal voters. Upon
my word, I was amused at the coolness with
which the gentleman stated the argument. These
men were found floatingall overthe country, and
some of them, within forty-eighthoursof the time
when they took the oath, came from the jails in
Canada, having been bailed out by the friends of
Mr. Cooper—perhaps by Howiigan himself—and
brought there for the purpose of swelling the
Democratic majority in the second ward of De-
troit; and these men swore that they were legal
voters; and therefore the House is bound to be-
lieve that they swore truthfully. Why, sir, a
man who will sell his vote, as these men did;
who would suffer himself to be led up as they
were led in single file by Howrigan, after having
taken the bounty and received the ticket from his
hand, and deposited it in the ballot-box, has no
I claim to be believed; and I ask you to what ex-
1 tent you will be willing to be influenced in your
decision upon such a point by the oaths of such
men? I think a man would hardly be willing to
hang his favorite dog, accused of killing sheep,
upon such testimony as that, much less to sus-
tain votes in an election contest, which had been
received under such circumstances.^
I say, then, that there were cast in the second
ward fifty-eight illegal votes; and in the fifth ward
five illegal votes are proved, by the evidence of
Smith, to have been cast for the Democratic can-
didate for Congress.
Again: the Illegal votes in the ninth ward
amounted to nine; and about that there is no dis-
pute, for gentlemen upon the other side of the
House admit that these illegal votes should be de-
ducted. Five illegal votes are proved to have been
cast in the fifth ward. Upon the testimony of
Smith there can be no, doubt of this; and they
were all Democratic voters. Two at Grosse
Pointe—Michael and Andrew Griner—were ille-
gal voters. The one lived at Saginaw, the other at
Macomb, as is proved by the testimony of Daniel .
Corby and John Corby. They voted the Demo-
cratic ticket. Halfer, one of Howrigan's men,
who had already voted in the second ward, think-
ing that he had not sufficiently dischargud his
duty to the country and the Democratic party,
voted m the seventh ward. Williams and Kelly,
two more of Howrigan's boys, having fulfilled
their contract with Howrigan, by voting in the
second ward, went to the assistance of the eighth
ward, andduplicated, by casting their votes there.
In Van Buren county there were four illegal
Democratic votes; making, in all, eighty-one ille-
gal votes; every one of which, i submit to the
House, is proved, beyond all doubt, to have been
cast for Mr. Cooper, the sitting member. How-
ever much gentlemen may differ in regard to the
legal position that we cake on the other point
raised, I apprehend that on this part of the case,
which is a question of fact, supported by direct
testimony, no fair man, who examines the case
candidly and impartially, can come to a different
conclusion from that to which the committee has
come—that these eighty-one votes were illegal,
were casl for Mr. Cooper, and should be deducted
from his poll;.and that would leave Mr. Howard
a majoiity of six votes, about which there cannot
be a word of dispute.
Now, in regard to the Orvis men, as they are
called, of the fifth ward. There was an agreement,
it seems, with a man named Orvis, who has since
disappeared from the State of Michigan. I do not
know whether he is in the Ohio State prison, as
has been charged, nor do I care. On the 2d day
of November'he was in the employment of the
Democratic party, procuring votes for it—votes
of men brought from Canada—to the number of
twenty-five or thii ty, according to the testimony of
two or three witnesses. They were marched by
him to the polls—every man, as m the Howrigan
case, depositing the pure Democratic ticket. It was
proved before the committee by the testimony of
witnesses unimpeached, that this agreement was
made and carried out, that these men were brought
from Canada, or at all events were strangersand
not residents of the fifth ward, and that they were
not voters. The committee took the smallest num-
ber testified to—twenty-five—and deducted that
number from the poll of the sitting member. That
would bring the whole number to one hundred and
six,as the vote to be deducted from Cooper, there-
by giving Howard a full right to his seat here.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that as a member of the
.committee, upon a full, careful, and impartial in-
vestigation of the case, I was obliged to come to
the conclusion to which I have come, because it
is due to Mr. Cooper to say that he does not
appear to have had any complicity whatever with
the frauds perpetrated in those various election
districts in the county of Wayne. He must,
however, pay the penalty of having been found
in bad company; and I trust that my friend, the
sitting member, for whom I have great regard,
will learn wisdom from the past, and dissolve
partnership with bis former political associates;
and then, my word for it, he will never again be
caught in such a scrape.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
yeas and nays on the resolutions of the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that there be a call
of the House.
