THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1859.
New Series.....No. 10.
been more than eighty years in building, and do
you believe you can destroy it in a day? I tell
you, nay. Sir, when you talk so coolly aboutdis-
solving this Union, do you know the difficulties
through which you will have to wade before that
end can be consummated? Have you reflected
that between the North and the South there are
no mountain ranges that are impassable, and no
desertwastes which commonly dividugreatnations
one from another? Do you not know that, whether
wo love one another or not, wc are from the same
stock, speaking the same language, and although
institutions have made considerable difference be-
tween us, the great Anglo-Saxon type pervades the
whole ? "We are bound together by great naviga-
ble rivers, interlacing and linking together all
the States of this U mon. Innumerable railroads
also connect us, and an immense amount of com-
merce binds all the parts, besides domestic rela-
tions in a thousand ways. And do you believe
that you can rend all this asunder without a strug-
gle? I tell you, sir, you will search history in
vain for a precedent; there has been no such Gov-
ernment as this that has ever rent asunder by any
internal commotion. I know that Poland was
broken up and divided, but it was by external
force. We are bound in the same ship; we are
married forever, for better or for worse. We may
make our condition very uncomfortable by bick-
erings if we will, but nevertheless there can be no
divorcement between us. There is no way by
which either one section or the other can get out
of the Union. I do not say whether it is desira-
ble or not. There is no way by which it can be
effected, but least of all on the contingency that
you have spoken of. I tell the Senator from Geor-
gia, if you wait until a Republican President is
elected, you will wait a day.too late. Why do
not you do it now, when, I say again, you have
the Government m your own hands? Why tell
us that it is to be done when our man is elected?
I say to you, Mr. President, ho would -bo but a
sorry Republican who, elected by a majority of
the votes of the American people, and conse-
quently harked by them, should fail to vindicate
his right to the presidential chair. He will do it.
No man at the North is to be intimidated by these
threats of dissolution that are thrown into our teeth
daily, and I ask Senators on the other side, why
do you do it? 1 know not what motive you can
have in preaching the dissolution of this Union
day by day. If you arc going to do it, is it neces-
sary to give tis noticc of it? There is no law re-
quiring that you should serve notice on us that you
are going to dissolve the Union; [laughter;] and I
should think it would be better to do it at once,
and to do it without alarming our vigilance on the
subject. It grates harshly on my ears; and I say
to gentlemen that if a Republican President shall
be constitutionally elected to preside for the next
four years over this people, my word for it, preside
he will. Who will prevent him?
Mr. President, I Have said all and more than
I intended, and 1 regret that it has become ne-
cessary for me to say anything on account of
what lias been said on the other side. I regret
that at this early period of the session we should
get interlocked with this old controversy. J wish
it might have been postponed. I shall vote for
this resolution most cheerfully, and will give it
the furthest and most extended sweep that you
may desire, because it is my wish that if there is
any misunderstanding with regard to the partici-
pants in this affair, you should have the greatest
latitude that you can desire to ferret them out, and
make them known to the public.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I didnotchoose,
during the progress of the Senator's speech, to
interrupt him, but he made some allusion to the
Heifer book, and indicated that upon close ex-
amination he found it contained nothing very
objectionable.
Mr. WADE. I said that I looked it over, and
saw nothing objectionable.
Mr. BROWN. Very well, let me see whether
the Senator means to say that this is not objec-
tionable. I read from the 76th page of the pam-
10
phlet, the platform which it lays down to be acted
upon by all who approve the views and position
of the author:
" 1. Thorough organizatioi&md independent political ac-
tion on the part of the non-slaveholdmg whites of the South.
" 2. .Ineligibility of pro-slavery slaveholders. Never an-
other vote to any one who advocates the retention and
perpetuation of human slavery.
"3. No cooperation with pro-slavery politicians. No
fellowship with them in leligion. No affiliation with them
in society.
"4. No patronage to pro-slavery merchants. No guest-
ship in slave-waiting hotels. No fees to pro-slavery lawyers.
No employment to pro-slavery physicians. No audience
to pio-slavery parsons.
'• 5. No more hiring of slaves by non-slaveholders.
"6. Abrupt discontinuance of subscriptions to pro-sla-
very newspapers.
"7. The gieatest possible encouragement to free white
laboi."
I ask the Senator whether he approves of that.
Mr. "VVADE. Mr. President, I must confess
that, living in a free State, and with the views
that I have always entertained upon the freedom
of circulation an4 dissemination of any matter of
interest among freemen, I can see no land of ob-
jection to that. It is advice, and, of course, may
be submitted to the consideration of freemen to
act as they see lit. I suppose there would be no
objection to its circulation in our section of the
country.
Mr. fcROWN. Mr. President, I supposed, from
the whole tenor of the Senator's remarks, which
seemed designed, not only to keep alive, but to
inculcate kindly relations between citizens of the
different parts of the Union, that he would be
prompt to say, what he certainly has not said, that
he reprobated this language, u no affiliation in so-
ciety with slaveholders." There is an open, direct
declaration that all associations, all good neighbor-
hood between northern men and southern men
are to be broken up.
Mr. WADE. 1 believe that the Senator has
misunderstood what I said, or intended to say on
that point. I have not said that I approve of the
sentiments in the book; I think some of them arc
intolerant; but I do not see why they arc not
proper to be submitted to the consideration of
freemen. I do noi know that a single man North
or South would approve of them; but we are in
the habit of leaving all such things to be considered
by the people. Certainly that sentiment is more
intolerant than I should recommend, if that is
what the, Senator means.
Mr. BROWN. Then the book continues, im-
mediately after what I before read:
"This, then, is the outline of our scheme for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the southern States, Lot it be acted
upon With due piomptitude, and, as certain as truth is
mighfiei than eiror, Jitteen years will not el,ipse before eveiy
fool of territory, from the mouth of the Delaware to the
embogumg of the Ilio Giande, will glitter with the jewel*
ol lreedoni!"
Now, sir, we have been told over and over again,
in this very debate, that there is no purpose to abol-
ish slavery m the States. Gentlemen have told us
within the last two days, that any charge of that
land is not sustained by the facts, and not sus-
tained by their honest judgment; yet here is a
book recommended to public favor by sixty-fight
members of the other House of Congress, and one
of them the candidate of your party for the Speak-
ership. The contest has progressed for ten days,
and that candidate has not, up to this time, dis-
avowed the sentiments of this book. The extent
to which he has gone, has merely been to say that
he signed the recommendation for the book with-
out having read it, and without having known
what itcontaineu, and doubtless he has discharged
the obligation which rests upon him of examining
the book, to see what it was that he had recom-
mended; and if he does not approve of what the
book contains, does he not owe it to himself and
to you and to his party to say so ? On another
page of this book, I find:
" And now. sir:', wo have thin laid down onr ultimatum.
What an; you going to do about it ? Something dreadful,
of course! Perhaps you will dissolve the Union again.
Bo it, if you dare. Our motto, and wc would have you un-
deistand it, is the Abolition of Slcivcri/, and the Perpetua-
tion of the Jimencan Union, li by any means you do i-ue-
ceed m your treasonable attempts to take the South out of
the Union to-day, we will bring her back to-morrow—if
she goes away with you, she will return with you.
" Do not mistake the meaning of the last clause of the
last sentence."
„ Now, turning to the title page of this book, I
find this:
" I have read the c Impending Crisis of the South'with
deep attention. It seems to me a work of great merit;
rich, yet accuiate, in statistical information, and logical in
analysis."
That note is signed "William H. Seward."
He seems to have read the book, and to have
known what it contained, and to have recom-
mended it. Now, when these things occur, can
our people doubt what is the purpose of your
party; that you do mean to do what you say; that
you do mean to abolish slavery in the States; and
that you do mean to do it promptly? Else why
do you not cut loose from this party ? Why is
the man whose note 1 have read, Mr. Seward,
the universal favorite of your press in the north-
ern States, or almost the universal favorite, for
the Presidency ? These things cannot overcome
us like a summer's dream, and not excite oui
wonder.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have before me
an extract from a Richmond paper, showing that
people there are recommending entire non-inter-
course with the northern States. That is a mat-
ter pertaining to their own interest as I take it.
They have certainly a right to do .it; at least I
think they have. That is a matter for themselves.
Now, I wish to be understood as not indorsing
the sentiments of this book. I have not said any-
thing about them, except that they are proper to
be submitted to others. If the people of any slave-
holding State have a right to take up the subject
of emancipation, I suppose they have the right
to discuss it among themselves and to vote down
such a proposition if they please. I suppose no-
body doubts that. But here, sir, I have another
work, called the Ruffner pamphlet. I suppose the
Senator from Mississippi has seen this. It con-
tains doctrines almostgoing on all fours with those
he has read from the Helper book. This Ruffner
pamphlet was indorsed by tlje Governor elect of
Virginia, and contains doctrines very similar, in-
deed, to those which he has read from Helper's
book. This was well known to the people of
Virginia when they voted for Mr. Letcher, and I
do not know that it furnished any objection to his
being the Cluet Magistrate of that great State.
Why, then, is it that John Sherman having rec-
ommended this book, should be pointed out as
disqualified to hold a high and responsible office
I do not know that I will send this to the Chair
to have it read, bu*I do say that this pamphlet
contains doctrines exceedingly similar to those
of the book from which the Senator has just read;
and it was recommended in the strongest manner
by John Letcher, who is now elected Governor of
Virginia. His is the second name on it. There-
fore, it seems that if this was not peculiarly ob-
jectionable, neither can that book be.
Mr. BINGHAM, and others. Let us have it
read.
Mr. WADE. Then I will ask the Secretary
to read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sherman and Letcher—Equality of their Treason
Sir • It would seem that the House of Representatives of
the United States, alter live days of unpaialleled excite-
ment and contusion, is yet unorganized, because John
Sherman, of Ohio, the mo^t prominent candidate for pre-
siding otlicer of that august body, vSigned, seveial months
since, a circular recommending the pioposed distribution
of one hundred thousand copies of a compendium of my
anti-slavery book—" The Impending Cihis of tSie South."
The objection thus uiged against John Hiierman, of Ohio,
is of precisely such a natuie a< that which might be usged
against John Lctchcr, of Virginia, formerly a member of
Congress, now Governor elect of the Old Dominion.
I have before me, <k for general eiiculation,'' an <• Address
to the people of We>-t Vmrima, blowing that slaveiy is in-
jurious to the public welUie, and that it may be gradually
abolished, without detriment to the rights and interests of
slaveholders. By a slaveholder of We±t Virginia. Lexing-
ton, Yiigmia: pniited by li. C. Nod, 1847." Closely fol-
lowing the title page, is a letter to the Rev. HcniV Ruffner,
I). !>., author of the address, requesting a copy for publica-
tion, ami expressing the opinion that the reverend gentle-
man'^ argument "was? not onlyable, but unanswerable;
