1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Though I
have called for the yeas and nays, I tell the gen-
tleman from Georgia that I do not, of course, want
to have the vote taken till all our friends are gotin,
as well as all his friends.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the previous
question seconded, and then we can have the yeas
and nays on ordering the main question. That
will give gentlemen time to get here. Members
are over in the Senate Chamber, and have been
sent for. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I-call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Allen, Alley, William O. Anderson, Aslimore, Bab-
bitt, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Brabson, Drayton. Bristow,
Buffinton, Uurnliam, Butterfield, Carey, Caitei, Case, John
B. Claik, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Conklmg, Covode, Curry, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawes,
Duel!, l>unn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge,
Penton, Feiry, Fibience, Foster, Frank, French, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris,
Helimek, Iliekman, Holman, Houston, Hughes, Hutchins,
Irvine, Junlun, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, DeWitt C.
Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Logan. Longnecker, Lnoin
is, Lovejov, Maclay, Mallory, Marstoii, Maynard, McKean,
McPherson,Millson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Olirt,
Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Pottlp, Quark's, Chris-
topher Itobinson, Jfoyce, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Siierman,
Simms, Smsleton, William N. H. Smith, Somes, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Stokes, Tappau, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldion, Walton,
Eililiu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wmdom,
and Woodruff—115.
ftAYS—Messrs. Bocork, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb, Cox,
Reuben Davis, De Jarnelte, Edmundson, Hamilton, John
T. Harris, liatton, Hawkins, Howard, Jack&on, Lamar,
Landrum, Lanahee, Love, Charles D. Martin, McCinecn.
Miles. Isaac N. Morris, Pendleton, Phelps, Pryor, James
C. Itobinson, Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, William Smith,
Siallworth, Srevenson, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood,
Vance, Webster, and Wright—39.
So the main question was ordered.
During the vote,
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. English was
paired with Mr. Wilson.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, stated that he had
been paired with Mr. Kilgore, with the privilege
of transferring the pair, and that he,had trans-
ferred it to Mr. Keitt. Mr. Kilgore and Mr.
Keitt were therefore paired.
Mr. STOUT stated that he had paired on all
political and party questions with Mr. Thayer
till his return. He supposed this was a political
and party question, and therefore he would not
vote.
Mr. "WOODSON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Parskwoeib.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to dispense with the
reading of the names.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move a call of the House.
It was the understanding that the last vote should
be considered a merely informal one. However,
if the House is full, 1 do not desire to procrasti-
nate a vote.
Mr. BUFFINTON. It is only occupying time
unnecessarily.
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GILMER. I do not desire to detain the
House more than a few minutes.
On the firstperusal of the testimony in this case,
I came to the conclusion to which the committee
has come; and such was my partiality for the
sitting member, that I was desirous, on his own
application, thathe should have time allowed him,
and be thereby permitted to explain away, if he
could, this testimony which was so overwhelm-
ingly against him. The House refused his ap-
plication for time; and the committee had to make
up their ppmion on the evidence which they then
had. The application for time to take more testi-
mony was an admission that, on the present evi-
dence. the case was against the sitting member.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is wholly unnecessary
for us to be disturbing our minds about those
votes in the fourth ward that are thrown out—
492;*tfie 189 votes returned from Grosse Pointe
that are thrown out; or the 163 votes returned
from the Van Buren precinct that are thrown out.
If they were irregular and illegal, that might
create a doubt in the minds of members whether
the contestant should ho permitted to oust the
sitting member, or whether it should not induce
the House to send the case back to the people.
The authorities upon that point, so far as I have
examined tliem, are not uniform. In some in-
stances, it has been the practice of the House to
throw out the votes of such precincts, and make
up the result without them; and, in other in-
stances, it has been the practice of the House to
regard such irregularities as a reason why the
election should be referred back to the people.
But, sir, all this may be discarded from the con-
sideration of the House. The committee report
that the sitting member received one hundred and
six illegal votes. The majority returned for him
is but seventy-five. It comes down, then, to this
plain, simple proposition, whether the Howrigan
voters, as they are called, these men who boarded
at Howrigan's tavern, were legal voters, or any
considerable portion of them; for unless we declare
that these Howrigan voterss or a large portion of
tliem, were legal voters, then it is a clear case
against the sitting member. Howrigan was asked
how many of his boarders voted at that election,
(and he was evidently a partisan and was a firm
friend of the sitting member.) When this ques-
tion was put to him in chief, he answered that
there were forty or forty-five; but when the names
of the voters were presented to him, name by
name, he recognized some sixty-two. Well, be-
cause there was some doubt about four of those
votes, the committee let them stand, and report
that fifty-eight only of the Howrigan votes are
illegal. Our friends on the other side concede that
if those fifty-eight votes are declared to be illegal,
the case is at an end, and the report of the major-
ity of the committee should be sustained, on the
score of illegal votes given to the sitting member.
A word upon that point, and then I am done.
Were those fifty-eight Howrigan votes legal and
proper votes? What is the law ? The law which
prescribes that a man, to be a legal voter, must
havebcena honafidc resident, of the State ofMicli-
igan for three months before the election, and he
must have been a bona fide resident of the precinct
in which he casts his vote for ten days next pre-
ceding the election. Were these Howrigan men
such voters > Does not the evidence show clearly
that they were not? The minority of the com-
mittee say that these men, or some of them, swore
at the polls that they were such legal voters. How-
rigan was a.sired the same question, and he says
that he thought they were legal voters, but he ex-
plained, in his testimony, that his construction of
the law was, that if they had been living in the
precinct ten days next preceding the election they
were legal voters. Well, the language of the law
is entirely against the construction which he gave
to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man be good enough to tell us how Howrigan
knew that those fifty-eight votes were cast for the
sitting member?
Mr. GILMER. lie swears it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The vote was by
ballot. I want to know how he knew how those
men voted'
Mr. GILMER. He gave them the tickets.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That niay be; but
is it not frequently the case that a man takes one
ticket and votes anothei?
Mr. GILMER. Howrigan had gathered these
men together. Ho boarded them for ten days.
He supplied them with bread, meat, lodging, and
liquor, for nothing, and with the contract that
they were to vote the Democratic ticket. Can any
one doubt, after that, how they voted?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman right there, whether those voters did
not testify as to the legality of their votes?
Mr. GILMER. Undoubtedly many of them
swore that they were legal voters, although they
were not actually residents in the district. I sup-
pose their consciences were eased by the con-
struction which Howrigan and his whisky put
upon the law. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, if this man
Howrigan was guilty of corruption, I suppose his
evidence is not entitled to confidence.
Mr.GILMER. Notagreed; he was the friend
of the sitting member.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, how do you
prove it?
Mr. GILMER. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have
called the attention of the House to the point to
which I wished to bring its attention. Every-
body concedesjthatthe law requires that the voter
must have been a bona fide resident of Michigan
for three months before the election, and must
have been a bona, fide resident of the precinct in
which he votes for the ten days preceding the
election
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me?
Mr. GILMER. Oh, no, Mr. Speaker. If!
really supposed "that my friend seriously wan tod
information, I would not object to these interrup-
tions. .
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I really do want
information, as I have given but little attention to
this case. What I want to know is this: where
a three months' residence is necessary to consti-
tute a legal voter, must the person who gave the
vote prove the fact that he had lived three months
in the State, or is it to be presumed on the ground
that otherwise he would not have been allowed to
vote?
Mr. GILMER. I take it, that the fact that the
judges of election received the votes, would be
prima facie evidence that the votes were legal.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. So I supposed. I
ask, then, if the evidence shows that these men
had not been in the State three months?
Mr. GILMER. Certainly. If my friend will
read the testimony, he will be satisfied of that-
fact. Mr. Howrigan admits thatthey were not bona
fide residents of that precinct. He makes them
out to be residents ill this way: he had boarded
them in his tavern, after gathering them together
from here, there, and everywhere, for ten days
before the election, with a view of swelling the
Democratic vote in that precinct; and he admits
that some left the day after they voted, and the
balance in two or three days. The fact that How-
rigan gathered them up and boarded them at free
cost for ten days, is further evidence that they
were not residents of the precinct.
Now, can it be that this House will decide
that men under these circumstances, collccted
together for the express purpose of perpetrating
a fraud, are legal voters? Why, Mr. Speaker,
residence at one place necessarily excludes resi-
dence anywhere else. If these men had been there
ten days as bona fide residents, making it their
home, and were residents in the State for three
months previous to the time when their votes
were given, they were entitled to vote; but if they
went there for the express purpose of living at 
tavern and boarding free for ten days, simply that
they might cast their votes and then leave, thai
very fact is sufficient to show that theirs is not a
bona fide residence.
The time in which a person remains in one place
has not so much to do with constituting his resi-
dence as the purpose for which he remained there.
If a man sits down in a place with a bona fide view
of making that place his home, although circum-
stances may require him to move immediately
after, yet that place, for the time being, is liisres-
idencc; but not unless he remains there with this
bona fide purpose of making it his home. Just as
well might a lawyer who lives in one county and
goes into another county to attend court, and in the
course of his practice should happen to be detained
there ten days, say he will vote at the election
coming off where he is, on the ground that his ten
days' stay, while attending the court, constituted a
residence in that place. Now, it is perfectly well
known that none of these men resided in that pre-
cinct. They did notreside there before that period,
and never have since. This extraordinay state
of things is then presented: these men came from
elsewhere into this precinct for the express pur-
pose of remaining ten days, and then voting: and
this House is called on to say their voting is legal
and proper, although they departed the precinct
as soon as they voted. I conceive this House will
do no such thing.
Mr. GARTRELL. The gentleman, m the
conclusions to which he has come, has fallen into
a very great error. The testimony on which he
relies for his conclusions will admit of no such
construction. The gentleman says it is conceded
that these men never resided there before that
time, nor since. Sir, there is no such admission,
nor is there any evidence to justify any such in-
ference. I call upon the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Elections to show one particle
of testimony that these men did not reside perma-
nently in the fourth ward of the city of Detroit.
