146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 14,
and fftat its publication will -tend to bring the public mind
to a eorrectccnelusion on that momentous question." 3R*e
signers of this sympathizing letter, which is dated "Lex-
ington, Virginia, September i, 1847," are, in regular order,
as follows: S. McD. Moore, John Letchcr, David P. Curry,
James Q. Hamilton, George A. Baker. J. H. Lacv, John
Echols, James It. Jordan, Jacob Fuller, jr., D. E.'Mooro,
and.John W. Fuller. ' .
* It will be observed that John Letcher, ex-member of Con-
gress, now Govemoi elect of Virginia, is the second signer
and indorsee of Dr. Ruffner's pamphlet. And what is the
character of the pamphlet? It shall speak for itself. Dr.
lluffner s*ays:
"Let all the west, on due consideration, conclude that
slavery is a pernicious institution, and must be gradually
removed; then, united in our views? on all the great inter-
ests of our West Virginia, we shall meet the approaching
crisis with inflexible resolution; and West Virginia can and
must succeed in her approaching struggle for her rights and
iier propperity." * * * * ~ * * *
"Nowhere, since time began, have the two stems of
slave labor and free labor been subjected to so fair and so
decisive a trial of their effects on public prosperity, as in
these United States. Here the two systems have worked
side by side for ages, under such equal circumstances, both
political and physical, and with such ample time and op-
portunity for each to work out its proper effects, that all
must admit the experiment to be now complete, and the
result decisive. No man of common sense, who has ob-
served this result, can doubt for a moment that the system
of free laboi promotes the growth and prosperity of States
in a much higher degree than the system ot slave labor.
" It js the common remark of all who have traveled
through the United States, that the free States and the slave
States oxhibit <i striking contiast in their appeaianee. In
the older free States are seen all the tokens of prosperity—
a dense and increasing population, thriving villages^ towns,
and cities—<± neat and productive agriculture, growing man-
ufactures, and active commerce.
" In the older parts of the slave State?, with a few local
exception-3, arc -H-cn, on the contiary, too evident signs of
stagnation, or of positive decay—a sparse population, a
slovenly cultivation spread over vatt fields that are wear-
ing out, among; others already worn out and desolate; vil-
lages and town-, 'few and S<ir between,' rarely growing,
often decaying, sometimes mere remnant1* of "what they
were, sometimes deserted iuuk, haunted only by owls;
generally no manufactures, nor even trades, except the in-
dispensable few; commerce and navigation abandoned as
far as possible to the people of the free States; and gener-
ally, instead of the stir and bustle of industry, a dull and
dreamy stillne&rorokcn, if broken at all, only by the wordy
brawl of polities.
"But we depend not on genera! statements of this sort,
however unquestionable their truth may be. Wc shall
present you with statistical facts drawn from public doc-
uments of the highest authority. We shall compare slave
States with fiee States in genera! and m particulai, and in
so many points of view that you cannot mistake in forming
your judgment of their comparative pio«penty." * *
" Some Virginia politicians pjoudly—\os, proudly, fel-
low-citizens, call our old Commonwealth the mother of
States! These enlightened patriots iftay pay her a still
higher compliment by calling her the grandmother of
States. For our pai t, we are grieved and mortified to think
of the lean and haggard^ondition of our venerable mother.
Her blaek childreu have sucked her so dry, that now, for a
long time past, she has not milk enough for her offspring,
either black or white.
" But, seriously, fellow-citizens, we esteem it a sad, a
humiliating lact, which should penetrate the heart of every
Virginian; that from the year 1700 to tilts time, Virginia has
lost more people by emigration than all the old free States
toother. Up to 1840, when the last census was taken, she
had more by nearly three hundred thousand. She has
sent—or we should rath:T say, she has driven from her soil—
at ]<•...-{ one third of ail the emigrants who have gonelrom
tiif o;J Static to the new. Moie than another third have
tpik' iiom the other old slave States Many of these mul-
titude who have loft the -lave States have shunned the
regions of slaveiy, and settled in the free countries of the
We>t. These weie generally industrious and enterprising
wlntvj men, who found, by sad experience, that a country
of slaves was not the countiv for them. It is a truth, a
certain tiuth, that slaveiy drives free laborers—farmers,
mechanics, and all, and some of the best of them, too—out
of the country, and fills their places with negroes.
" What is it but slavery that makes Marylanders and
Carolinians, and e*.p°ecnl!y old Virginians and new Vir-
ginians fly their country at such a iate? Some go be-
cause thev di>hke f-i«ivcn, and desire to get away from it;
otJicis, because they have gloomy forebodings ol what is to
Mall the slave State.-, and wish to leave their families in
a country of happier prospects ; oth<ns, because they can-
not g -r piorit.iblo employment among slaveholders; others,
indiatrious and high—spoiled workingmen, will not stay m
a country where s-laveiy degrades the workingman; otheis
go because they that their country, for-ome reason, does
not pio>pcr, and that ofhrr countries, not far off, arc prov
pcrine, and will afford bcnt< i hopes of prospenty to tiiem-
sclve-i; others—a numerous class—who are slaveholders,
and cannot live without slaves, finding that they cannot live
longer wth them on their worn-out soils, go to «;or>k bettor
lands and more profitable crop*, where slave labor uiav yet
for a while enable them and their children to live."
u So our neat Virginia, with all her natuia! facilities for
trade, brings to her ports about one nve-hundiedth part of
thegood;>, wait ■«, andmeichandisoiinpouedinto the United
States. Shall we be told that the cause of this decline of
\ irgmia commerce is the growth of northern cities, which,
by means of their canals and railroads? and vast capital,
draw off the trade from smaller ports to themselves?" And
what then ? The eau^e assigned, is, its&t, the effect of a
prior cause. Wo would ask those who take this superficial
\iew of the muttei, why should the great commercial ports
be all outride of v n^ima, and near or iri the iree States?
Why should <-"> <n y •mmereial improvement, eveiy wheel
that speeds the movements of trader serve but to carry away
from the slave States more and more of their wealth for the
benefit of tfre great northern cities? The only cause that
can be assigned is, that where slavery prevails, commerce
and navigation cannot flourish, and commercial towns can-
not compete with .those in the free States. They are merely
places of deposit for such country produce as cannot be car-
ried directly to the northern -market. Here northern and
foreign ships come to carry away "these products of slave
labor, and this constitutes "nearly all the trade of southern
ports." *#•***#■***
" When a white family own fifty or one hundred Slaves,
they can, so long as their laral produces well, afford to be
indolent and expensive in ffieir habits, for though each
slave yield only a small profit, yet eaeh member of the fam-
ily has ten or fifteen of these black work-animals to toil
for his support. It is not until the fields grow old, and the
crops grow short, and the negroes and thf^overseer take
nearly all, that the day of ruin can be no longer postponed.
If the family be not very indolent and very expensive, this
inevitable day may not come before the third generation.
But the ruin of small slaveholders is often accomplished in
a single lifetime.
" When a white family own five or ten slaves they can-
not afford to be indolent or expensive in their habits, for
one black drudge cannot support one white gentleman or
lady. Y et, because they are slaveholders, this family will
feel some aspirations for a life of easy gentility, and be-
cause field-work and kitchen-work are negroes' work, the
young gentlemen will dislike to go with the negroes to dirty
fieldTwork, and the young ladies will dislike to join the
black sluts in any sort of household labor. Such unthntty
sentiments are the natural consequence of introducing
slaves among the families of a country, especially negro
slaves. They infallibly grow,and spread, creating among
the white families a distaste for all scrgile labor, and a de-
sire to procure slaves who may take all drudgery off their
hands. Thus, general industry gives way by degrees to in-
dolent relaxation, false motives of dignity and refinement,
and a taste for fashionable luxuries." Then debts slyly ac-
cumulate. The result is, that many families are compelled
by their embarrassment to sell off and leave the country.
Many who are unable to buy slaves leave it also, because
they feel degraded, and cannot prosper wheie slavery ex-
ists. Citizens of the valley, is it not so ? Is not this the
chief reason why your beautiful country does not prosper
like the northern valleys?", *•%****
" And then, fellow-citizens, when you have suffered your
country to be filled with negro slaves instead of wli ite free-
men ; when its population shall be as motley as Joseph's
coat of many colors—as ring-streaked and speckled as father
Jacob's flock was in Padan-aram—what will the white basis
of representation avail you, if you obtain it ? Whether
you obtain it or not, East Virginia will have triumphed, or
rather slavery will have triumphed, and*all Virginia will
have become a land of darkness and of the shadow of
death.
" Then, by a forbearance which has no merit, and a su-
pmeness which has no excuse, you will have given to your
children, for their inheritance, this lovely land, blackened
with a negro population—the off-scourings of Eastern Vir-
ginia—the fag-end of slavery—the loathsome dregs of that
cup of abomination which has already sickened to death
the pastern half of our Commonwealth." * * * *
" Behold in the East the doleful consequences of letting
slavery grow up to an oppressive and heart-sickening bur-
den upon a community. Cast it off,West Virginians, while
yet you have the power; for if you let it descend unbroken
to your children, it will have grown to a mountain of misery
upon their heads."
It appears, then, that the above (which I venture to say
is just as good "treason" as any that can be found in my
book) is the sort of anti-slavery in which the Governor-
elect ofVirginia reposes his political faith. In what respect,
then, is John She rm an a greater traitor than John Letcher ?
If the former is unfit to be elected Speaker of the House of
Representatives, is not the latter unfit to be inaugurated
Governor of " the mother of States ?" It is to he sincerely
hoped that our dear sister, Virginia, may suffer no viola-
tion of her honor from any of the doings of this designing
Letcher. Let him be looked after.
Yours, respectfully, H. It. HELPER,
No 43 Pine street, New York.
To the. Editor of the New York Tribwne.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise for the jfUrpose of ex-
plaining that great injustice has been done to Mr.
Letcher by reading the paper in that connection,
without a proper explanation of the circumstances
accompanying it. It is true that when he was a
young man, and when he first commenced the
practice of the law, he heard an address from a
Mr. Ruffncr, in the town in which he lived, and
that he signed a request, with others whose names
arc appended to that paper, asking that it should
be published for circulation. After it was pub-
lished for circulation, it was so different from
what he had imagined it to be, that he refused to
aid m its circulation.
Cut sir, it is also true—the fact is well known,
for this was a matter canvassed in our late gu-
bernatorial election, that Governor Letcher did
publicly disclaim all participation in the principles
embodied in that address, and furthermore said,
what is known to us all in Virginia, that the sen-
timents which he had entertained at that time many
years ago, and which at that period were enter-
tained by a good many in Virginia, in regard to
the abstract question of slavery, whether 'it was
good or evil, he had changed, as they had done,
for it has been the result of the discussion, and of
this n^itnlioii winch we have had, that a grout
change has taken place iri the sentiment of the
people ofVirginia, and particularly in the opinions
of those who at one time considered slavery an
evil. Governor Letcher, therefore,is notrespons-
ible for that; or if he ever had been he disclaimed
it entirely and thoroughly in the late canvass; and
that this disclaimer is sincere is proved by all his
speeches and actions while he was a^ member 6f
the other House, a period, I believe, embracing
some seven or eight years.
Mr. WADE. I did not present that to the
Chair, because I supposed it contained the opin-
ions of Mr. Letcher, but to show that lie had rec-
ommended these sentiments to the people of
Virginia, and so far as I know without any cen-
sure for having done it. I do not know that he
indorsed the sentiments here, but he gave them
circulation.
Mr. HUNTER. I have just stated that he did
not recommend it. He heard an address delivered,
and, after hearing it, he and others requested that
it should be printed for circulation. Seeing it
after it was printed, he said it did not contain the
sentiments which he thought it contained, and
therefore he would not aid in its circulation, and
he did not, and refused to pay for its printing.
Mr. WILSON. Mr.'President, a single word
in regard to this Helper pamphlet. It was written
by a native son of North Carolina. It was origin-
ally a large book of several hundred pages, made
up chiefly of statistics and of quotations from the
opinions of eminent men of every age, of our own
and other lands. The facts and quotations em-
bodied in this book, it was thought by men op-
posed to the extension of slavery, were important,
very valuable, and an effort was made to have a
compendium made up out of this book, a cheap
pamphlet, for general circulation. Members of
the House of Representatives were asked to sign
—not a recommendation of that book—but of an
abstract, a compendium, a pamphlet,to be made
out of the facts embodied m the book. There
were persons who had read that book who thought
it of great value, but who disapproved of some of
sentiments in it. I never saw a man who did ap-
prove of some of the sentiments in it, which have
been read by the Senator from Mississippi. By
mistake, these objectionable sentiments of the au-
thor are retained m this pamphlet edition. The
members did not sign an indorsement of the book
as a whole, but they signed for a compendium to
be made up out of it. These are the facts of the
case; and I think it quite as fair to hold Mr.
Letcher responsible for the sentiments of the
pamphlet from which extracts have been read,
as to hold these gentlemen responsible for these
objectionable sentiments.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will allow me,
I have not so much objected to gentlemen for sign-
ing papers the contents of which they do not
know. That, I see, might happen, for we take
things too much on trust; but, my point is, that
gentlemen, having now seen what is in the book,
have not repudiated the sentiments of the book.
The candidate for Speaker m the other House of
Congress—lam not canvassing their conduct, but
referring to historical facts known to *41—has not
yet disavowed the sentiments of the book. He
says he signed it without knowing what was in
it," but now that he does know what was in it,
why does he not disavow it?
Mr. WILSON. An attack was made in the
House of Representatives upon Mr. Sherman,
and upon those gentlemen who signed, not for the
original book, but for a compendium to be made
up out of it, and under these circumstances ex-
planation and disavowal were out of the question.
But the Senator from Mississippi must know^hat
there is not a man who signed that recommenda-
tion who can agree with the sentiment that inter-
course should be discontinued between non-slave-
holders and slaveholders. It is intolerant and
bigoted. I do not agree to it—I know of no man
wfio agrees to it. The attack was got up on this
pamphlet by the New York Herald, and both
Houses of Congress have been turned into adver-
tising mediums for this book. It is now peddled
by the boys in the streets of Washington, and
sold largely, and orders are coming from all parts
of the country far this work. I think we have
had "quite enough said about it, for we are engaged,
I think, in lather small business in turning these
halls mto advertising rooms.
Mr. CLINGMAN. However this may be a
