3054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
involves an aggravation of expense; but I con-
fess he docs not make his pointclear to my appre-
hension. Observe: he charges in one breath that
Messrs. Gales & Seaton realized the most enor-
mous profits under the law of 1858, and immedi-
ately he accuses them of an attempt to modify
their contract with the view of grasping still great-
er gains. If they are so much enriched by the
law of 1858, why seek to escape the obligation of
so remunerative an obligation? They would hard-
ly hazard a certain prize for the sake of an im-
probable increase of compensation. The state-
ments are irreconcilable on any consistent theory
of prudent conduct.
As 1 understand the business, this amendment
is forced on Messrs. Gales & Seaton by adverse
interests. It is certainly true that an honorable
Senator [Mr. Davis] opposed the amendment be-
cause it imposes too grievous a burden on those
gentlemen. If the gentleman from Georgia can
satisfy me that the amendment involves an increase
of expenditure, I will record my vote against it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman
will let me read to him the alteration of the law
which they suggest. He says they ask to be ex-
empted from'the contract.
Mr. PRYOR. No; you say that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I say they come and ask
to have the contract changed so as to give them
§130,000. Here is the proposed amendment:
And, moreover, that tin; ptiee to he allowed to the pub-
lishers lor said woik shall Ik; fifteen per centum les^ pei
volume than the aveiage price paid for the fiist sciie-j of
the .same, printed undei the act of Maieh -2, l&tt.
And that work was printed under the act of
1819.
Mr. PRYOR. Of 1831.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir; the law was
passed in 1331, but the prices were regulated
under the act of 1819.
Mr. PHELPS. One hundred and fifty copies
of the State Papers were printed under the act of
1819; but Gales & Seaton printed seven hundred
ami fifty copies additional, whieh were distrib-
uted to members, and the prices paid for those
seven hundred and fifty copies wore the prices of
1819. The present prices of printing an* iifty per
cent, less than the prices of 1819.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state further to the
gentleman from Virginia, who, I know, desires to
do nothing but what js just and right, that under
this amendment they are to got liiteen per cent,
less for these volumes than the average price paid
lor the first series, und< r tin- act of Undei
that act they were paid $1J 5!) a \ olmne; and (he
gentleman who represented (hilen Seaton in
the .Senate, admitted the fuel that ^9 78 will be
paid if this amendment is adopted.
Mr. PRYOR. ] must protest that the gentle-
man has not convinced me, although no doubt
he has satisfied his own mind. 1 am pcifectly
satisfied that tho eileet of this amendment will be
to operate a reduction of expenditures, from the
fact that a deduction of fifteen per ei nt. is made
from the compensation of Missis. Gales & Sea-
ton, and heuiuse they arc to incur the addi-
tional expense of compilation. The genth-man
says 
[fJero the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire now to submit an
amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish simply to ask whether
there is any limitation to the number of these
volumes, or whether they are allowed to go on
and multiply them indefinitely?
The CM AIRMAN. Debate is not in order;
and no farther amendment is at present in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD, by unanimous consent,
withdiew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move to add the following
further proviso to the rsmendmenf of the Senate:
Provided t That Uie whole sum of money which sb ill he
expended in the publication of these Male Papain not
exceed ^d4U,0U0.
I desire simply to say that I presume I shall
have the aid of my iiiend from Virginia [Mr.
Piiyor] in the adoption of tins amendment.
The question was taken: and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes G8, noes G3.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move another amendment,
to this effect:
Provided, That the number of volumes shall not exceed
tlurty-lour.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, as amended.
Mr. PERRY. 1 would like to know what is
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to know whether
the committee were unanimous in that recom-
mendation ?
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means agreed, by a vote in committee, to recom-
mend that the House concur in this amendment.
That is all the information I am authorized to give
the gentleman from Illinois.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate, as amended, was concurred in—
ayes 78, noes 48.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. We shall be through with these
amendments in a few minutes.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say, that
when the resolution was adopted for holding
these night sessions, it was the understanding
that the House should adjourn at ten o'clock.
It is now just ten o'clock; and 1 submit to
'gentlemen whether, if they remain longer, they
will not disqualify themselves for business to-
morrow ?
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr BARKSDALE. This hill will be in order
to-morrow; and 1 hope the House will now ad-
journ, and let us finish it to-morrow. We are far
ahead of the Senate, and I think we will be ready
to adjourn on Alonday next. 1 insist upon tho
motion that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to—ayes 50, noes 78.
Thiity-ninth amendment:
Si u. G. And be it fwither vnuctcd, That tins Secretary of
the TieaMiry be, and he is hoiehy, nut hoi ized and directed
to settle and adjust the account* of (he contiaclor loi the
erection oi the United States custom-house and post otliee
at Sau Fianeweo, Calitoi ma, and to pay to said eontnu toi,
out ol any money in the Tieasurynot otbeivvi-.e appropu-
ated, the amount that may he found to he jtMh due to him
undei the eoutiaets made between sud confraetoi and the
pioper ollicei- ol the (lovernment loi ejecting said building,
and also sueh sum as ma> lie found due loi lurnishmg the
same.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-eoncm i ence.
Ah. 1JURCII. 1 move to nmend !>y inserting
after the word k" furnishing " the word " repair-
ing." I do it simply lbr the purpose of calling
the attention oi' the < onnnittee to one oi two fat ts.
J>y reference to the amendment of the Senate, it
will he seen that it i« simply to authorize the Sec-
retary of I he Tieasm-y to carry out upon the part
of the Government in good faith, the contract en-
tered into with these parties in San Fiancisco for
the completion of llus huddmg. ) know that the
contractors have complied upon their part with
every portion of their contract, hut they have been
kept out of a portion of then pay for a number of
years. The c!a:ni in question will not amount to
many thousand dollais. It was not paid in con-
s-'queiice of aome misunderstanding" between the
Treasury Depatlment and a former collector of
the port of San Fi\uieis< o.
Air. M A YN \11D. I would like to know why
this has not been presented and prosecuted as
other private claims
Mr. 1UJRCH. I do not know why this lias
not been done. But 1 know it is a just claim for
work which thee contractors have done under
the authoiity of the Government, and for which
they have not been paid. 1 do not sec upon what
principle the Committee of Ways and Means have
recommended a refusal to pay this small pittance
in older to carry out, upon the pnit of the Gov-
ernment, its contract with one of our citizens.
13y the terms of the amendment, if the money is
not actually due under the contract, the Secretary
of the Treasury will not be en titled to pay them
one cent. It is simply to authorize him to ad-
just the account and to pay whatever is properly
due under the eontiaU.
Air. SHERMAN. I will detain the committee
only to say that this is an attempt on the part of
the Senate to insert a private claim into an ap-
propriation bill. I hope the amendment will not
be concurrcd m.
Mr. BURCH,'by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
currcd in.
Mr. SHERMAN. The remaining amendments
of the Senate all relate to a single subject, and
seem to have been inserted into this appropria-
tion bill by the Senate with very little considera-
tion. I hope they will be considered all together
and the question takenupon them without debate.
There being no objection, the following amend-
ments of the Senate were considered as one amend-
ment:
Fortieth amendment:
Sec. 7. And be it further enncfcd, That the public
grounds surrounding the Capitol shall be enlaced accoid-
ing to the plan appioved by the Committee on Public i'urid-
ing and Gtounds of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, lespectively, which plan is lieieby directed to he
deposited in Uie custody of the Secictaiv oi the Inteuor;
and that, foi the pnipoM* ol ofiVeiiug this enlargement, the
United Staies Mntll acqmiethe title to the following de-
senbed squares and pan- of squaii's in the eitv of Wash-
ington, namely : :-o much ol Mjiuiie hve hundo d and seven-
ty -five as is included v\ ithin the following de-en bed lines :
beginning on the west side of First -tieet west, at a point
sixty-seven ieetnoith ofthe>.outhea t cot ner of haul squaie,
and limning thence south with the line of i-hift s licet west
to the southeast cornei of said squaie ; thence witii the hne
of Pennsylvania avenue along the honndai y of said squaie
in haul avenue one bundled and eighty feet, thence in a
straight line 10 the point ot beginning; also so much ot squaie
live hundred and seventy-si* as is included within the tol-
JoAVing desenbed line* : beginning on the west side oi Fust
direct west, at a point sixty-seven feet south of the noith-
east corner of s-aid squaie. and itinning thence noith with
the hue of Fast stieet west to the noi thea-t eoi ner of said
squaie; thence \\ ith the line oi Mat} laud avenue along the
boundaiy ol s.ud mju.uv on said avenue, one bundled rud
eighty i jet; thence m a straight line to the point oi begin-
ning; al-o the whole of squares six bundled and eighty-
seven and six hundied and eighty-eight.
Forty-first amendment:
Bix\ 8. And be. it furthir nwdcd} Th.it, for can) ing this
net into effect nnd obtaining the title to such puvate piop-
city as may be necessaty fur the pui pose, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to make application to the
(Joint of Claims; whieh eouit is hereby authorized and
requited, upon such application, in such mode and under
such inles and regulations as thev may adopt, to make a
just and equitable appi.usement of the on-h value ot the
seveial mteiest ol each and eveivownei o! the ie.il estate,
and impiovements theieon, ijeees-.iiy to he taken loi the
public use, m accoidance with the piovisions of this act.
Forty-second amriidment:
Si:c. 9. ./2ml he it further cnudod, That the fee-simple of
all piemises so appioptiated tor public use, of u hieh an ap-
praisement shall have been made under the oidei and dn ee-
tiou of said court, shall, upon payment to the ownei or
owneisj lL'spcftj veiv, ol tile appraised value, oi m ca^e the
said ownei oi ou ueis jeiusr or neglect, for fifteen days uf-
ti r the nppiaisemenl ot the easli \alimoi said lands and
nnpiovcmrnts bv s:ud eouit to demand the same 1'iom the
^eeietatv ot the Intel 101. upon depositing the said appraised
\ cdue in tile said com t to the en dit <a su< li ownei <>i on n
ei-. ic^peetn el\ , shaii be vested m the I anted Suites. Ami
tile Seeict>n\ of tin1 Intciioi h lierehv authoii/.ed and ic-
quiied to pa\ to thcsevei.il o\\ ner orowueis, respectively,
the appiaised value ot the <eveial piemi^e:, ^poeihed m
the ajipiaisement of said eouit. or pa\ into eouit b\ deposit,
a-i heieiubi foie piovided. the a.d apps ai-t il values ; and the
sum in ce.-^aiy lor a puipa^'1 is iieieby apnicpii.tiedout
of anv mo,ie>>s inthe Tieasury not othei wise appropriated.
Forty-third amendment:
>Sr:r. 10 .-hid hs il fmthci enmird* That said coutt may
dneet the tune and inannerm winch possession ot thepiop-
erty eomienined shall be taken oi deliveied, and mav, if
iieet ss.uv, cntbu-e an\ ouieror issue anv process for giving
possession. The co-ts occfw«Hi<-d by tlio liiquuvaiul as-
ses-mrnt shall be |>.,id bv the United States; ;nu!, as to
othei costs w ha h inaj ause, tia-y shall be chaiged oi taxed
as the eouit maj dneet.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Sj.c. 11. And be it further evaded, That no delay in
making an assessment of cninpen-ation, in taking pos-
session, shall be occas-ioucd by any doubt winch may ause
as to the ownei-hip of the piopeity, or any parttheieof, or
n*< to the mteicsts <>! the r< • pi etive ownei-; but in such
cases the eouit shall lequn e a deposit o! the money allowed
as compensation foi the whole piopeity.oi the pait in dis-
pute. In alt ciisi s, as soon as the United Statesman have
j) ud the compensation assessed, or secured it- pavmentby
a deposit of money tuidej the oidei of the eouit, possession
ol the piopei ty may he taken.
Forty-fifth ame nd men t:
Sue. 10. And be itfuitherenaded. That all laws and paits
of laws inconsistent'v\ ith the piovaions of this act be, and
the same aie hoiehy, iepe;tlcd.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of "Ways
and Means; lceonmiend non-concurrcncc in those
amendments.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the commit-
tee ride and report the amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. Col-
