1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Eilihu B. Washbumc, Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom,
and Woodruff—92. *
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdal«, I3air, Barrett, Bocock, Boyce, Brabson,
Bristow, Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B.Claik,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, James Craijr, Burton
Craigc, Curry, John C. Davis, Reuben Davis, I)e Jarnctte,
Ejlmundsop, Floience, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, John
T. Harris, Hatton, IIill,Holman, Houston, Howard, Lamar,
Landrum, Logan, Love, Maelay, Mallory, Charles D.Mar-
tin, ftlaynard, McQueen, Miles, MiJlson, Niblaek, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, Pu?h, Q.uarles, Reagan, ftiggs, James
C. Kobmson, Ituttin, Scott, Sickles, Smnns, Singleton,
Wilhaih Smith, William N. H.Smith, Stalhvorth, Steven-
son, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, and
Wright—71.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
" Mr. CURTIS stated that on this vote he was
paired with Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. HALE stated that on this vote he was
paired with Mr. Rust.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, not being within the
bar when his name was called, asked leave to vote.-
Objection was made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, stated that he had
beon in the Senate listening to Judge Douglas's
groat speech, and that if he had been present he
would have voted in the negative.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Howard is present in the
House, and 1 move that the oath of office be now
administered to him.
The SPEAKER. He will present himself.
Hon. William A. Howard appeared and took
the usual oath to support the Constitution.
TOST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and pending that motion, I move that the Post
Office deficiency bill be made the special order in
that committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
higher privilege. I call up the Nebraska contested-
election case. I have given notice for days that
I would call that question up when the Michigan
contested-election case was disposed of.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We have done
enough to-day, and, if it be in order, I move that
the House do now adjourn. We have done so
much, I hope that wc will have indulgence for the
rest of the day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
attention of the Chair to the fact that the steam-
boat bill was fixed as the special order for this
day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of privilege. I have moved that the House ad-
journ, and I insist that the question must first be
put on that motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order
when the gentleman gets the floor to make it. The
gentleman from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have submitted a motion
to go into committee. Is it not a privileged ques-
tion, and must "not the vote be first taken upon it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
the Chair to state that the steamboat bill was the
first question in order after the Michigan con- j
tested-election case was disposed of. I understand I
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means wants to get up the Post Office deficiency
bill, and that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Campbell] desires to have the Nebraska
contested-election case taken up. Iam perfectly
willing that the steamboat bill ashall go over until
to-morrow morning, if that be the "wish of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I want to say a word.
Mr. jSHERMAN. I call for a vote on my mo-
tion. If it be adopted, the business before the
House will be left precisely as it now is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I claim the floor on a ques-
tion of high privilege. I know nothing that can
override a question concerning the right of a mem-
ber to a seat on this floor. I call up the Nebraska
contested-election case as a matter of right. It is
a question of the highest privilege that can come
before this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it does
not take precedcnce of a motion to go into com-
mittee when that motion is first moved.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the Chair decide
that a motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union takes prece-
dence of a question of the high privilege of that
I call up ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into com-
mittee is declared to be so under the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. As I understand it, the gen-
tleman from Ohio moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania supposes he can bring before the House a
contested-election case on his own mere motion,
without a vote of the House. It is clear that the
decision of the Speaker is correct. When the
question of the gentleman from Ohio is disposed
of, it will be in order for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to move to take up the Nebraska con-
tested-election case.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call it up as a matter of
right. If the gentleman moves to postpone the
question, I will be glad to take the sense of the
House on the question.
Mr. PHELPS. It has not been assigned for
any particular time, and it cannotbe called up ex-
cept by the conscnt of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair mustdecide that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio is in order;
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania may take
an appeal from that decision, if it is his wish.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say 
Mr. PHELPS. It is not debatable, and I call
the gentleman to order.
j\Jr. CAMPBELL. I hope I may be heardva
moment. ["Older!" "Order!"] • I have been
striving for some time past to call up this bill,
and 1 called it up to-day because I believe it is a
matter of highest privilege. I insist upon my ap-
peal; and I call for the yeas and nays upon the
motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio is in
order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs so decide.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think gentlemen
ought to be pressed off, as they have great facil-
ity upon thai side of the House for taking up re-
jected material and making members of Congress
out of it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. .1 am not expectcd to re-
ply to any such remark as that.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
The question recurring upon the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the Post Office
deficiency bill be made the special order in com-
mittee.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a question of higher
privilege. I desire to offer a resolution, as I am
instructed to do by a special committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
this question takes precedcnce. The pending mo-
tion is, that the Post Office deficiency bill be made
the special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that my friend
from Pennsylvania wishes leave to print testimony
as it is taken.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to that.
The motion of Mr. Sherman, that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawks
in the chair,) and proceeded to the considera-
tion of the Post Office deficiency bill, being a bill
(H. R. No. 503) making further appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1860.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that* the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed.with/ . *
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, for the purpose of
terminating debate upon this bill, that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed'to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had-, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly a bill
(H. R. No. 503) making further appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, I860; and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that general debate
upon this bill be terminated within five minutes
after the House again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and resume the consideration of this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] desires to
address the committee fifteen or twenty minutes
upon the provisions of this bill. Pie is a member
of the Post Office Committee; and I move to
amend the motion by extending the time twenty
minutes. '
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi can discuss the bill under the five min-
utes rule, as other members do.
Mr. HOUSTON. The debate he proposesro-
lates to the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will modify my
motion, and make it twenty minutes.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill (PL R.
No. 503) making further appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30lh of June, I860.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill
by clauses for amendment.
, Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Chairman^
there is a provision in this bill which I regard as
of vital importance to the country, and which, if
it be adopted by this committee and the House,
will render the Government subject to suit by
contractors, on account of the action of the Post-
master General, by which many millions of dol-
lars will be recovered against the Government, by
way of damages. The provision is this:
For tran«poitation of the mails, (inland,) $8,394,010:
Provided^ That the Poitmastei General is hereby dueeteil
to restoie tin; inland service on all the routes under eonti act
on the 4th March, 1859, unless the same have expired by
their own limitation.
Now this provision, as it will be discovered,
proposes to restore the entire mail service us it
stood at the time of the adjournment of the hist
session of Congress, and previous to the reduction
of the service by the Postmaster General, if the
Postmaster General had not the right to reduce
the service at the time lie did, of course he has
been guilty of an act in violation of law, and
by virtue of which act he has imposed a very
heavy injury upon those who were deprived of
the benefit of their contracts; and all those per-
sons will have the right to claim of the Govern-
ment damages to the extent of the losses they
sustained bv that act of the Postmaster General.
It is, therefore, a very important question to be
considered by Congress, and one which ought to
he considered patiently and calmly. The provis-
ion ought not to be adopted by Congress hastily,
because, if the Postmaster General is directed by
Congress to renew and restore the service, we
proceed upon the idea that he had no right under
the law to reduce the service; and if he had not
the right, then the Government is responsible for
the damages which the contractorshave sustained
on account of that action of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. Now the question arises: had the Postmas-
ter General the right to reduce this service? ^ If he
had, Congress ought not, without due considera-
tion, to direct it to be restored. It is certainly not
for members of this House to say that the pres-
