1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml:
sufficient defense for the other gentlemen who
signed it without reading it, I desire to say that
Mr. Slward's reotc is not an indorsement of the
compendium, but of the original work, without
any expurgations as it is published hero. He
says: " I have read 4 the Impending Crisis of the
South' with deep attention"—not the compen-
dium, but the whole work. " It seems to me a
work of great merit; rich, yet accurate, in statis-
tical information,and logical in analysis." Now,
I should lfke to know if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is authorized to disavow for Mr. Seward
approval of any portion of the book. Mr. Sew-
ard praises it for its accurate statistical informa-
tion and logical analysis. Now, let us look at it.
I find, on pages 64 and 65, that the author seeks
to makp it appear that the slaveholders of the
South owe to the non-slaveholders, by mathe-
matical calculation, $5,944,148,895; and he then
goes on to say:
" Now, sirs, we ask you, in all seriousness, is it not ap-
parent that you have filched fiom in nearly five tunes the
amount of the assessed value ol your slaves > Why, then,
do you still clamor foi moie ? Is it your puiposc to make
the game peipctua] ? Think you that we will over continue
to bow at lilt' wave of yoiu wand, that wc will bring hu-
manity mto eveikistmg rli«<'iaee by licking the hand that
smites us, and that with us there is no point beyond \v h toll
iorbearance ceases to lie a virtue ? Sirs, it tnese be your
thoughts, you are laboimg under a most iatal delusion.
You can goad us nofuither; you shall oppress us no longer;
heretofore, earnestly but submissively, wc have asked you
to redress the more atiocious outiages winch you have pei-
petrated against us ; but what has been the invariable tale
of 6ur petitions? With scarcely a perusal, with a degree
of contempt that added insult to injury, you have laid them
on the table, and tiom thence they have been swept into
the furnace of oblivion. Henceforth, sirs, we aie demand-
ants,not suppliants. We demand our lights, nothing more,
nothing less. It Is for you to decide whether we aie to have
justice peaceably or by violence; foi, whatever conse-
quences may follow, we arc determined to have it one way
oi the othei."
This is the sort of calculation which Mr. Sew-
ard commends, and this is the sort of language
which gentlemen think free from objection. I
should like to know from the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts Avhr-thcr lie is prepared to disavow this
work for Mr. Seward likewise.
Mr. WILSON. Mr Seward is accustomed
to speak for himself, and when he comes here I
have no doubt he will do -so. Certainly, I am not
authorized to speak for him. I spoke for myself;
and I have yet to see the first Republican who
concurs in some of the objectionable sentiments
which have been urged in this book. There are,
however, some points in the book which have
been stated, to which I do not see any objection.
Mi. MALLORY. I concede, sir, that genile-
men may frequently sign papers the contents of
which they do not know; perhaps most men are
too apt thus to nssume an unknown responsibility;
but this cannot possibly be such a case. I refer
Senators on the other side to the Congressional
Globe containing ourproceedmgs of April 5,1858,
in which the character of the very person who
wrote this book was fully exposed, and ignorance
of who the author of this book was, cannot pos-
sibly be pleaded; and it must be presumed that
those who indorsed 1 he book, particularly a mem-
ber of thin body, pieHent when the explanation
as to Air. Heifer was made, must have had a
knowledge of who the author was; and I pro-
pose, in connection with this, although Senators
seem disinclined to have anything more said on
this book, to at least place this on record, for per-
liaps it may have escaped the attention of Sena-
tors on the othei side. Mr. Biggs, on that occa-
sion, in reply to the honorable Senator from
Massachusi tts, fMi. Wilson,] brought it espe-
cially to his attention who this very man was,
in these wo^ds-
a Ilinton T'owan llrllei, the author of the * Impending
Clisis,' is a native of Davie county. North Carolina JIis
fir-t appearance m auive lite was as a cleik of Michael
"Biown, a tneielumt in yah-buiv, Noith Caiohna. Mi.
Brown is. an cldet of the Pic-hUeuan church; and, aU-'i
Heifer lemoved to Sali-bui\, he :U-o pmied the Pre-In-
termit church, and, solas as w.i • publish known, conducted
lumsolt with propriety Alter livni'j, v\ ith Ml. Biown sev-
eial years as eleik, it vva* undei>tood at Sali-buiy that he
lormed a copartnership with Mi. Cofiinin in the book busi-
ness, and left for the Noah to buy in a stock ol books He
did not return, as expected, but shortly thereafter went to
California, and there, oi shortly alter lus return, wrote a
book called ' Land ol Gold.'
" lie returned to Sahsburv about l?51,"\\herp he lemainod
some time without any appaient bu-iios In the summer
oi 1856, as is reported "and heho\<*d,iie proem ed suretv hn,
and obtained money. He, howevoi, about thrit tune, left
for 'the North, where he now lesidcs, never since having
returned to North Caiolina. Alter leaving North CaiolnM,
he changed his name from Heifer (o Helpci ; and it was dis-
closed last year that, while a elerk for Mr. Brown, he pur-
ioinedfiom him $300; and, attei an exposure by Mr. Brown,
Heifer, making a merit of necessity, himself publicly con-
fesses, m a hand-bill which I hnvc before me, this thieving
on his part, and excuses it on the giound that he was en-
ticed to the act by some ambiguous cxpiession of a friend
of his that it was allowable for cleik&eo to do j* and the
fuither excuse that it was an indiscretion of youth, although
at the time he was in full standing in the Presbyterian
church, and, as he says himself, was seventeen years of
age. It is due to the Presbyterian church to say, that this
man is not now a member ot that church."
•
This was April 5, 1858.
Mr. MAS&N. Please to read the residue of
it. If I recollect aright, the then Senator from
North Carols requested the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, who had referred to this man Heifer,
to append to his speech the history that he gave
of him.
Mr. MALLORY. The rest of it is in these
words:
u Now, sir, when and why he altered his name, I know
not, except he defines Helper—quo who helps himself fiom'
the puiscs of others without their consent; and thereloie
concluded the change of name moie appropriate to ins char-
acter. lie is a dishonest, degraded, and diMjiaccd man, and
although—much to be legretted—a native of the State, yet
he is an apostate son, ruined in fortune and chaiacter, and
catering to a diseased appetite at the North, to obtain a
mlseiable living bv slandeis upon the land of his birth ; and
1 deeply rcgiet that the Senator fiom Massachusetts has,
by a leleience, so dignified the creature as to render neces-
sary thin exposure. Such is Mr. llelperof NoithCaiolma,
author of the ' Impending Crisis of the South,' alias Mr.
Heifer, once of Noith Caiolina, but who has left the land
ot his bath for the good oi the State.
" Now, sir, 1 would respectfully suggest to the honorable
Senatorfiom Massachusetts to append a note to the edition
of his speech, giving the tiuc character ol'the author of
this book, upon which he has relied, so that the reader.- of
his speech may not be, as he has been, so unwittingly mis-
led by authority so degraded and unreliable."
1 think, sir, that after that exposure, deliber-
ately made here, and which 1 know attracted the
attention of the Senate at the tunc, i! is too laic,
at least for the membeib of this body, or for any
man holding a distinguished political station or
seeking one, to plead ignorance, at least, of what
the chaiacler of the author of the book was.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I remember
the remarks made by the late Senator from North
Carolina, which have now been read by the Sen-
ator from Florid;). A short time after those re-
marks were made, and after they ent out to the
country, [ received from Mr. Helper a package
of papers, now in my possession, and these pa-
pers prove t)us—nothing more, nothing less—
that Mr. Helper, when a^boy of seventeen yeais
of age, engaged in a store m North Carolina, took
A om Mr. ikown—the man who employed him—
$300, m small sums, running through months,
perhaps years; that th«• man who employed him
knew nothing of it, and never made the discov-
ery; that after this, Mr. Helper voluntarily con-
fessed to this man, who then regarded him as a
friend, that he had taken this money; that his
conscience troubled him; that he was rendy to
make restitution; gave his note, and went to Cal-
ifornia; worked and earned thomoney, and paid
principal and interest; and the man kept the se-
cret m his breast for seven years, and until after
this book was published.
These are the facts of the ca«e. Nobody can
justify the act. Mr. Helper does not do it him-
self. In a'i address "to the public," dated Au-
gust. lHr>7, he fi anivly admits bis guilt, and
expresses Ins coutnlinn. In l3iis addi;< ss, he
says:
'• A leccnt breach of confidence on the pan of one whom,
until now , i have ioi a pci iod of unue th.m Ke > eai •. < on-
-tantly e-tccmed a-, an aged and veneij.bh' Iner-ii, :ind a
stncUy conscientious regard lor the liutb, irnpo-e upon
me, as } conceive, the duty oi publicly eoidc-Hnu to the
vu<i!d (winch, u.ltd within the la^l week, h s lu'tn un-
til el \ arnomut ot tin* tacts.') the wor-l, and. a" far 1 am able
to jiidgCj the onl\ really bad act in my life. That act I
will ftate mil}, as follows.
<• On or about the *r>th of Febinmy, 1317, when Jetlo
moie than seventeen ye;a, ot age, i in came a eleik in ihc
stoic of Mr. Michael Drown. Seh-inu}, kov; m county,
Noith C uolma. Koon tin rcaiVr ;i h .<vd <,i )ip"i y.'fn-..
with whom I wii- m the hah t «n o«'i:if>n {occa-umailv,
and who^e tathei,a man ot \\ c.'.lth. i - now a pionunent
citizen of one ol tiic ad |oinin'.' eouid ' i c m.\iked ionic
in a t-ne and mannej winch, at tin* tone f did not a-'-tij
undeistand—and t« wincii umark I made no re-pon-e—
that he behevui it was allowable iorcleiks to take rnone}
fiom the* drawn without chaiiiin^ tlx ri-sclve-s v.Jth the
amount. Thejemaikin question mnde a v^ionn uupu ^-.ton
oti my mmd. and led me into an eiior ^3i'n h I do not at-
tr mpi to evcu.-e. but which 1 cndeavoied to atone ior, and
did amend !•"' the -all-faction of rho mjuicit ji.ut)', Mi,
ihown. ^vlio eonicised hinis<lt luil} tan. i\e'l, and assured
m<' thai he would nev< r thmK any {he but lather the
moie of me, on account of what had transpired—faithfully
promising, at the same time, that what I had so voluntarily
and frankly revealed to him, he would never disclose to
any mortal creature. # '
" It is too true, as Mr. Brown, after alapse of nearly seven
years, has seen fit to inform the editor of one of the Salis-
bury papers, (who, by the by, is the most- unreasonably'
bitter enemy I have in the world,) that I, while in the ser-'
vice of himselfand of his son, Calvin S. Brown, did secretly*
misappropriate $300—no more, no less—of the funds .-fee- '
longing to the store; but neither Mr. Michael Brown, nor,
his son Calvin, nor anybody else, would ever have
anything about the wrong which, owing in part to the ifo-
prndent remark of my companion, and in part to my youth- ,
lui indiscietion, I had committed, had I not, in obedience
to the piomptingsof my conscience, voluntarily confessed
it—a confession which I made to Mr. Michael Brown,
having sought him out tor the purpose—&t the Howard
Hotel, New York city, in the fall of 1850, which was about
eight months after I left Salisbury, and when J was between1
twenty and twenty-one years of age. Up to that time, £nd
indeed up to within a few days past, if jmy one ever sus-
pected that L had wronged my employe?, I never received
the slightest intimation of the fact.
cc [n Mi. Biown's hand X placcd a note for the $30U, and,
while tcmporauly residing in California some years ago,
sent him a check in full payment of the principal and in-
terest. His acknowledgment of the receipt of payment is
now in my possession. I also have from him several very
fiicndly letters, which reached me in California, and in
more than one of which he takes occasion to say, he lias
the highest regard for me, and makes inquiry as to when
he shall have the pleasure of seeing me again in Salisbuiy,
to which place, after an absence of more than four jears,
I returned m Apnl, 1854, and where I resided principally •
until June, 185G.
"Mi. Biown is, and hay been ever since I knowhim, an
elder in the Picsbyteiian church ; and supposing, as a mat-
ter ofcotu.se, that his woid was as good a* his bond,if not
bettci, i ncvei entertained the remotest idea that lie would
ever divulge the secret which, under the peculiar circum-
stances, has been so long known only to hims-elf and me.
But Mr. Brown, in consequence of my unsophisticated
candor, had me jn his power, and because J have written
an anti-slaveiy book, which Heaven knows I was induced
todo from the purest and most patriotic motives, and which
Ifiimly.md cor^cicntiousiybelicvo is the beat, the redeem-
ing act ot my life, he has forfeited his word, and sought to
degrade mo in the estimation of the public. Mr. Biown, to
whom I lirst communicated the paiuculais, has told the
story of my mos-t culpable deviation fiom the path of lecti-
tude, and i nowcontirm the story by iceonfoh&ion. Nearly
seven year?* ago I made a clean breast of it to him; I now
make a cican bicast of it to the public That I was ever
led into such an enor, I deeply deplore; and I can hardly
saj 1 deploie it moie deeply now than I did when it was
known oniv to Cod and myself. Long since, I did in the
premi-e^. vviiat duty *eeinod to demand Whatever addi-
tional atonement mav be icquned,! am anxiously desirous
to make. And now, leaving Mi. Brown to the consolations
of he* own conscience, and to &uch gratificationas hi  ideas
of honor can furnish him, J humbly await, and shall quietly
submit to, the veidictof the public. If a fault even so griev-
ous iit> this, committed at an age when the benevolencc of
the law itseJt legard* the judgment wo immatuic, and the
ptinciples of conduct so, imfonncd, as to ea->t over us the
shield of infancy, is beyond the reach of paidon; if no re -
pentaiK e however bittei is sufficient to expiate it; if, when
awakened to a sense of ils guilt, the unhappy youth, even
while jet within the age of minority, voluntarily seeks
out ins"injured fuend, confesses the lault, which else had
never been discovered, and devotes the iiist eainmgsofhis
labor to making lestitution to the utteimo.-st faithnig; if a
subsequent life of rectitude which challenges impeach-
ment; it^ indeed, no cfi'oit of hi?, no lapse of time, can wipe
out the stain of that early fault—then I tiust I may at least
receive this harsh sentence from those only who have no
sms to be lepented ol, and who&c lives ha\c been so pure
that they are serenely conscious of requiring no paidon in
this woild or in the next. For myself, my faith in the Di-
vine economy is strong enough (notwithstanding the gra-
tuitous asscmon of the Caiolina Watchman, that I am an
mfidel—a statement which t heie pionounce destitute of
tiie slightest foundation and uttcily untiue) to ascitic me
that smcei e rcpentanee ot w long, and an earnest etfoit to
do ught, are, lot me, a betto ndiauco.
M;u 1 add that 1 hope 1 have tho-c m-tmcK ot a g< n
tlemau, which would make it ea^iei tor mo to die than to
violate a confidence so t: u-tfn!l} committed to my honoi,
and >o inexpie-vobJj -need m it-<-11, that which 1, in the
miMi-pecling Inline,-,* ol ni\ heait,oonhdeil to Mi. Michael
Blown."
Mr. Helper committed a wrong; he voluntarily
confessed that wrong; and lie righted that wrong.
He must submit to the judgment of mankind for
this yonthlul indiseretjon, be that judgment what
it may. it seems to me, however, that his re-
lieiitanoe, confession,and restitution should shield
him from the harsh judgment of generous men.
After tile publication of Mr. Helper's book, the
Washing-ton Onion paid of lum:
''The real name of the jiuthor  f ' The Impending CnVis>
is Hetiei, and ootHelpei. Mr Helferisanativeoi Knwtm
county, \oiih Carolina Some ten years ago lie took up
hi-- le^i'dencc at t<dfi~bu:y« in that Sutc,and thcic entcied
into a partnership w.th a Mr Micliad Biown in the book
buMwss. Hoon after the toimation of the partneiship,
funds were un^cd. placed in Mr. Heifer's hands, and he
. «tait"d toi the city of New York for iho purpose of replcn-
! ishing the joint sto<-k of books. Weeks and months new
I by, and not a woid was heaid by Mr. Biown of his partner.
Finally, he received a letter irom Mi. flelferstating ttiat ho
(.Afr. fl.) h.id (teposired the money m the bank; that lu-
was in wi etched health, and that he was about euioaikn:;^
tot ( cu any>%\h0',e he expected to die.
