148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
u Again was Mr. Heifer missing, and again he turned
up—not as a sickly bank depositor, looking forward with
resignation to Germany and death, but as a new man, with
a new constitution, a new name, and m a new land. He
Sad journeyed to California, and the result of his observa-
tions in the land of gold appeared in the form of a modest
octavo, which bore, and we presume still bears, the new
name of Hinton It. Helper."'
In his appeal to the public, Mr. Helper declared
that—
" It is utterly untrue that Mr. Michael Brown and my-
self ever entered into a co-partnership in the book business,
or that he, or anybody else, ever placed in my hands a dol-
lar, or any other sum, to buy books on speculation.
"As for my name, it is precisely as I write and speak
it—Helper and not Heifer. To say nothing of other docu-
ments, which I could produce to sustain me in this decla-
ration, my father's family Bible, in which his own and his
children's names are all recorded in his own handwriting,
shows that Helper is the true name, and he who writes or
pronounces'it othefwise, docs so either in ignorance or in
error."
In support of these explicit denials of the charges
made against him by the Unibn—charges which
continue to be repeated against him—Mr. Helper
has fortified himself with ample testimony. In
regard to the charge of want of fidelity to Mr.
Brown, in business affairs, he has this letted from
Mr. Brown, which disposes of that slander upon
him:
Salisbury, North Carolina, September 28,1857.
Dear Sir : Having noticcd the article m the Washing-
ton Union, in which it is stated that you and myself, some
ten yeare ago, entered into the book business in this town;
that funds were i abed, and placed in your hands; and that
you ctaited to Now York for the purpose of replenishing
the joint stock of books; that you deposited the money m
bank, and never rendered to me any account, of it, &e., I
feci it due, not only to you, but also to my>clf, to say that
tbe statement is utterly untrue. It is, of course, well known
to yon and myself, and eveiybody here, that you wei e never
in Co-paitneisliip with me in the book oi any other busi-
ness; and 1 have no hesitation in saying that I have no
knowledge of either myself or of any other person having
ever placed in your hands any sum of money ot which you
have not rendered a correct and honorable account.
Yours respectfully, MICHAEL HROWN.
Mr. fl. il. Helper.
To the charge of the Union that his " real name
is Heifer—not Helper," he fortifies his denial by
this testimony of gentlemen of character in his
native State—testimony that ought to put this
charge at lest forever:
Statf oi* Noimi Carolina, Rowan County-
We, the undersigned citizens te-.ident-  ot the county
and State aforesaid, do hereby ceitify that the family Bible
of Daniel Helper, deceased, has this day been laid brlote
us, and that the following iceoids, wlueh w e evtmut vcr-
balim, appeal m the said Rihle, now m possession of the
family of the s.;ud Helper, deceased:
" This ttible m the property ot Daniel Helper, boujrlit of
Ahram B. Jones, at Moeksville, May «'Mth, IN&S."
"Daniel Helper, son ot Jacob Helper, sen., was born
March 17th, in the year of our Lord 1"J94."
"Daniel ilelpei and Sally Ihmvn weie married, Oct.
30th, in the year of our Lord IH17."
" Hinton Rowan Helper, son of Daniel Helper, and Sally
hia wife, was born Dee. U7th, A. D.,
Wo also certify that among said leeoids appear the names
of s f.\ other children, all of pievious date to that of Hintf n
Rowan Holpei, and that the true and correct orthogiaphy
of the name Is ID j,i>j. it; that we are well acquainted with
the author of the " Impending C'risi<ot the South ; How to
Meet it,"" and with otliei rncmbeis of 1ns family, and that
his true name is a-> he icpie.scritsit, to wit:—Hinton Rowan
Helper.
Witness our hands and seals, this 21th day of August,
A. D., 1857. THOMAS McNEELY, [l. s. |
[ Clerk of the Superior Court.]
WILLIAM ROWZEE, (l. A.]
TLandlord of the Mansion Hotel. 1
ALEX'It JLQNG, [i,. s.]
[The oldest jthysicutn in the place.]
State of North Cauoun'a, County of Rowan.
I, James E. Kerr, cleilt oi the county eouit, m and for
tb'1 county and State alores-aul, do hereby certify that the
above named persons, whose genuine signatuies appear to
the aiiove certificate, are highly respectable citizens of our
*>aid county, and that said ceitifleate w<ii made before me
on the day and year above wntten.
Ito testimony wheieof, I have hereunto set my hand and
r -j affixed the seal ot my oihee at Salisbuij, this
' 'J '24th day of August, 1857.
JAMES E. KERR, Clerk.
A few days after the late Senator from North
Carolina had called the attention of the Senate to
the .action of Mr. Helper, he placed in my hand
a package of papers explanatory of the charges
made against him by others and indorsed by Mr.
Biggs on the floor of the Senate, with the request
that I should place the facts before the Senate.
Mr. Biggs soon after left the Senate, and I saw
no fit occasion to bring the matter before the Sen-
ate, and I did not wish to obtrude the affairs of
Mr. Helper upon this body.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will barely say that I
have heard a very different version of this trans-
action from that given by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; but, of course, it is not important to
the Senate that I should give it. He Las stated
the excuse of this man, and it may go for what
it is worth; but I wish to call attention to one
point. Every Senator will see that if there was
an understanding, as it is alleged, that Mr. Blair
should expurgate this work, and that these names
were to go down to an expurgated edition, he has
practiced a gross fraud on sixty-odd signers; and
yet I do not find that $ny one of them has de-
nounced him or the printer or anybody else for
this fraud. It is a little extraordinary that such
a work should have gone out and been before the
country for a long time, and that r%one of these
gentlemen has thought proper to complain of it
until there is investigation; and even then I do
not find that there is any sort of complaint made
of the parties who failed to make the expurga-
tion that was intended to be made. It looks, there-
fore, like a mere effort to escape a responsibility
while an election is pending.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not feel any
interest in this matter, except as it constitutes a
part of the history of the times. I never heard
of this Mr. Heifer until he was cited as authority
bv the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, in
1858, and an honorable gentleman who way then
a Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs,] and
who, it seems, knew the history of the man in the
State which he had disgraced and left, promptly,
upon the spot, exposed his real character to the
country, and suggested to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, as his speech was to go
abroad where this man was employed at his dirty
work, that he should append to his speech this
little piece of biography. I infer that the Senator
has been' silent, and that it has not been done. I
have never seen the speech since. But the Sen-
ator tells us now that, after that, this Mr. Heifer
placed papers in his possession, intended to .show
that this was an act of indiscretion of his youth,
that he repented of it, and that he paid back the
money to his employer, and that the employer,
to protect him as I suppose, kept the whole mat-
ter secret, until he wrote this book. Now ), of
course, know nothingabout thatoi what the char-
acter of tile proof was, whether it was satisfac-
tory, or persuasive, or conclusive, or otherwise;
but it is a little remarkable, looking at the char-
acter of the honorable Senator who gave this little
biography of the man, lhat the fact, if he had been
honest euouiih to repent, had not been stated to
hmi. If it was true, and that Senator knew it, I
will vouch for it, lie would have stated it. That
is a small nutter, however.
I say 1 have been inteiestudin this subject only
as a part of the history of the times; and, now,
what is that history ? This man Heifer, branded
as he wns in 1858, branded only because he had
been cited as authority on this floor, published
his book, I suppose, m a larger form—I never
saw it—and was aided where it was published, to
enable it to do its work, either in distempering
and poisoning the mind of the people of the free
States against the people of the slave States, or, in
its still more offensive form, in endeavoring to get
up a Reeling of hostility, hatred, and non-inter-
course between two classes of people in the same
Suites. That was done some two years ago. Af-
terwards, gentlemen, who, it is to be taken for
granted, read the book—1 mean in the large vol-
ume—artd who knew its contents, as they allege
now, without knowing what form the new edition
was to assume, but knowing what the old edi-
tion contained; gentlemen, for the purpose of at-
taining the ends had m view by that writer and
those who hacked him, to the number of sixty-
eight members of Congress, inhusted with the
administration of one of the departments of this
Government—men holding that position before
the country—indorsed the book in blank, for it is
an indorsement in blank, upon a representation
that they should get up a cheaper edition, scatter
this venom in some form, and give it freer circu-
lation by cheapening the commodity. He pro-
posed to make a compendium of it, and they in-
dorsed itinadvance. Theyknewwhattheoriginal
book contained, by their own showing; itis apart
of their excuse. They could not know what the
compendium was to contain;but,under their sig-
nature and by their recommendation, they sent it
out to the world as a valuable book, a book in-
tended for great and valuable ends, and recom-
mended it to the perusal of all who^should give
credit to their names. That is what I understand
they have done. They knew ^hat was in the
(►book; itis to be presumed, in justice to them, that
they did; because they said, according to my rec-
ollection, that the book had been brought to their
notice, and that they recommended it.
Now, sir, I do not mean to impeach any of
these gentlemen. They are the best judges; they
are .the only judges of their own conuuct. If they
can reconcilc it to themselves as a part of their
duties to their fellow-citizens, in their own States,
to send a work of that sort among their people
for information, and to affect and to mold public
opinion, let them do it upon their responsibility.
I never heard of the book until this recommend-
ation of it came out, and I sent to the North for
it; and, so far as I have read it, it is the most vile,
false, truthless compendium of slander upon the
South that I ever did read. It is more; it is an
attempt to array man against man in our own
States. It is an attempt to array a class of my
fellow-citizens—I ought not to designate them as
a class, but $ portion of my fellow-citizens in my
own State, who do not own slaves, against those
who do own slaves athome—to array man against
man, and family against family, and all the dis-
cord that could be brought in society by getting
up a sort of war of classes—an internecine war.
I take it for granted that was in the original book.
I never saw the original book.
But, I say, it does not remove one atom of re-
sponsibility from those sixty-eight men intrusted
by their fellow-citizens with the administration of
tins Government when they say "we indorsed it
in blank, and we did not know what was to be
putintoit."' It is there. But they have done more
than that. I speak of it again as a part of the his-
tory of the times. That party, that new political
party, who designate themselves here as Repub-
licans, I do not mean Mr. A, or Mr. B, or Mr.
C, but those who lead the party, who mold the
measures, who„give the counsels, and who exe-
cute those counsels, have here, recently, and, as
far as 1 can learn, clandestinely, go tup a subscrip-
tion to print one hundred thousand copies of this
book for circulation in the free States. I see a
great effort made there by voluntary contribution
of large sums of money to print this cheap edition,
and, 1 presume, for gratuitous circulation; for a
part of the proposition was, that they should re-
ceive, at a cheapened rate, a number of these com-
pciids proportionate to their subscription. I look
at it as a part of the history of the times.
Sir, it will have no effect in the country for
which it was intended. I was born and raised,
and my ancestry, for two hundred years, in the
slave States. I claim to know something of the
spirit of that people, and I tell honorable Senators
here, and the country, that, in my own State, and,
as far as I know and believe, everywhere through-
out tin* slave States, there not only is 110 distinc-
tion between those who hold slaves and those who
do not hold slaves, but it is not in your power to
create it. You may bring this Government, which
you are intrusted here to administer under the
Constitution, into odium among them; you may
deny them its protection; but you cannot create
dissension between thenj. Your efforts there will
bo idle, vain, and futile. *
Sir, I witnessed it the other day on the occasion
of the incursion at Harper's Ferry, stimulated,
as I believe will be shown whenever this inquiry
is gone into, by northern money, if not by north-
ern counsel; I witnessed it the other day at the
Ferry, when that sudden, traitorous incursion
was made for the purpose of exciting a slave in-
surrection—the avowed objcct being to excite a
sla\e insurrection—when weapons were brought
there to be put into the hands of the slaves of the
very sort that an unskillful hand would use; I
witnessed this: that at the first tap of the drum
in the villages when it was announced that the
Abolitionists were there in arms for the purpose
of inciting an insurrection, and had brought arms
to be putln the hands of the slaves, of the young
men of the villages and the neighborhood, who
rallied immediately to go and put it down, not
one in twenty was a slaveholder; and probably
not one in ten belonged to a family who held
slaves. Sir, there was no dissension—no dis-
crimination; and if any one of you were to hold
the language that is held by this book—any lan-
guage that was intended to foster dissension be-
tween those who hold slaves and those who do
