1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
party, are unequaled in the world; and yet her
mines and mills and forges, in their best estate,
have only been half worked; and we have im-
ported manufactured iron, when we ought to have
supplied it to half the civilized world.
Look, for a moment, at my own, the capital
district of the State. Its northern "boandaties
are the great anthracite csal regions, extending
throughout the central and eastern portions of
Pennsylvania, containing art amount of undevel-
oped wealth which passes the imagination of man
to conceive. Its southern boundaries comprise
the Cornwall hills; strewn along which, in pro-
fuse abundance, are the largest and most valuable
depositee of iron ore in this country. Not less
than fifty million tons of the raw material lie
there, awaiting the hand of the miner arid the skill
of the manufacturer. And between these two
ranges of coal and iron mountains lies a valley
of agricultural beauty and fertility unsurpassed
ill the world. "With railroads passing through
it, easy of access to the seaboard, and containing
water power of rare excellence, that valley seems
to be pointed out, as if by Divine significance, on
account of its great natural and artificial advant-
ages, as the locality best adapted to the establish-
ment of the national foundery, so long in con-
templation, and, I trust, new soon to be firmly
fixed in its " local habitation " in this, the garden
spot of Pennsylvania!
Pennsylvania is a free-labor State. She was
among the first, in her calm, deliberate way, to
abolish human bondage within her own borders.
The brows of her hardy yeomanry are moist with
the sweat of honest labor, and their palms are
brawned with exposure to toil. Instead of being
esteemed "mud-sills," in consequence thereof,
we regard them as the salt of the body-politic,
"leavening the whole lump," and the equals, in
every noble attribute that belongs to our man-
hood, of the proudest in the land. Many of our
free laborers seek homes m the broad Territories
which stretch beyond the Mississippi, and we are
anxious that they should there retain the dignity
of freemen. Our great metropolis, already the
first manufacturing and second commercial center
of the Union, is interested in having those broad
Territories prosperous like. Ohio, and not uncul-
tivated like Arkansas. But our great State is
equally baund to her southern and northern sis-
ters by the ties of blood and patriotism, and
wishes to perpetuate forever, and brighten con-
tinually, the golden chain of peace and harmony.
She is considerate, and willing that other States
shall enjoy their preferred constitutions and their
constitutional rights, as she wishes to enjoy her
own. She pours out no gratuitous upbraidings
on her neighbors; sharpens no pikes, and loads
no rifles, for southern insurrections. She simply
demands that the weight of the national Govern-
ment shall be thrown in the scale of human free-
dom, rather than in the extension of human bond-
age; or that, at least, fair play be exercised; so
that Oregon, with less than fifty thousand people,
be not warmed and fed at the paternal fireside,
while Kansas, with one hundred thousand, stands
out in the cold, bccause her people do not choose
to be Democratic and pro-slavery.
I have a thorough and earnest conviction that
the protective policy is the only road to national
and financial independence; the only practicc by
which we can reach the stability and strength
whick it was the design of our forefathers that we
should attain. It is, emphatically, a question of
independence; whether we shall gather strength
and enjoy prosperity under the system that was
the theme of Henry Clay, and elaborated by his
great mind and glorious patriotism, or whether
we shall sink into driveling dependence, worse
than our former colonial condition. I believe, for
my own part, that protection is the first duty of
Government. Wegive our allegiance to Govern-
ment as the correlative of protection. Why do
we ride a Navy on the seas? To protect com-
merce. Why do we build light-houses on our
coasts? Toprotectcommerce. Whydoweerect
expensive fortifications on our frontiers? To
protect the citizen and his property. Why do
we maintain a Patent Office? To protect genius
in the fruits of invention. When these are the
features of the political system under which we
live, i demand tliat lie who disembowels wealth
from the earth; that the farmer who raises his
crops for the market, or the miner who penetrates
the surfacc and sinks the shaft for mineral wealth,
shall also, each and all, be protected. There is no
true philosophy in the negative of the proposition.
And just so often as we depart from the proposi-
tion itself, we are overtaken by languor in the
body-politic, distress among those who represent
labor, and find our Government plunging into em-
barrassment and difficulty.
The example of England holds out an instruct-
ive lesson to us. Hers was a policy of protec-
tion, and undesr its operation she culminated to the
proud position shenowholds among the nations.
She now professes free trade, but invariably prac-
tices protection to home interests. The great secret
of her greatness is in the perseverance with which
she has preserved that policy which invited cap-
ital and enterprise, and gave encouragement to
her industry. Afterwards, it is true, when her
manufactures and machinery had arrived at com-
parative perfection, she invited free trade with
other nationsless advanccdm the arts than herself,
but always maintained an advantage in favor of the
home Government. She occupies this day all the
great channels of commerce of the world. She
has, in the pursuit of her policy of imperial cen-
tralization and colonial empire, already seized and
fortified nearly every important headland of the
earth; and her flag is continually carried to new
conquests to feed her commerce. Her steamers
traverse every ocean; their lines are continuous
around the globe.
We sometimes speak of being the commercial
rival of Great Britain; but I will be pardoned for
saying the comparison is more flattering than
true. We may ultimately compete with her, but
we must become first her equal as a manufactur-
ing nation, and accumulate wealth within our
own borders, by cherishing ever}' department of
home industry. Then our spindles will make
perpetual music, and our ships will bear away to
other lands our surplus manufactures; bringing
returns which will give profitable employment to
our labor. Our pursuits will become diversified;
the circleof happiness will be enlarged in the same
proportion as the circle of'energy is extended;
and, as a people, we shall move forward to the
high destiny which awaits us.
Incidental or accidental protection is a fraud
and a deception. I claim protection per se; that
protection which recognizes American labor and
affords encouragement to American enterprise.
This demand is as old as the American Revolution.
Benjamin Franklin asserted it before the British
Parliament, when they attempted to coerce their
American colonies into a non-protective policy.
It has been said that our revolutionary struggle
was precipitated by the easting of a few tea-chests
into Boston harbor. Not so. The stand-point of
antagonism to the mother country was protection
to American industry. The other coloniesjoined
Boston, and enteredinto a compact that they would
use no articles of foreign manufacture. That was
the first Union of which we have an account in
American history, and it led to the greatest and
most blessed political results the world has ever
seen. When the first Continental Congress assem-
bled, what was its first act ? An act to encourage
American industry. It contained a preamble to
the effect that the customs duties were levied for
three purposes: for the revenue of the Govern-
ment, the liquidation of the wardebt, and the pro-
tection of American industry. I have no patience
with that man or party who maintains, now-a-
days, that protection must be inferential or circum-
stantial, incidental or accidental. Such a doctrine
is absurd in principle, unsupported by precedent,
and most pernicious in its application.
Our experience—what is it? If you refer to our
history, you will find that all our prosperity has
been traceable to the principle of protection. Your
thrift and plenty have ever been in proportion to
your tariff. In J 816, and again in 1828, under
protection, your industry was marked by univer-
sal success. The moment that policy was aban-
doned, disaster and depression came upon us, and
when we reached the sliding tariff of 1841, uni-
versal distress spread over the country. Under
the horizontal tariff everything ran down. But
in 1842, when protection was restored, and when
we had our highest protective tariff, then was the
period of our greatest prosperity.
And now that the issue is joined, let it go
fairly and squarely before the country. No later
than yesterday the friends of the protective policy
in this House endeavored to introduce then-meas-
ure, and asked that it be printed for the inform-
ation of Congress and the country They were
met at the threshhold by the united Democracy in
opposition thereto, with the exception of some
half a dozen members of that party. The conduct
of that party yesterday was in striking contrast
with the tariff plank inserted in the platform laid
down by the Democratic State convention ofPenn-
sylvania at its recent meeting. There it was again
attempted to mislead the people of our State on
this subject, and the idea was again held out that
the Democratic party was favorable to the pro-
tective policy. Here the delusion has been the
subject of ridicule; and on the first opportunity
which offered, the Democratic party, almost to a
man, refuses even a hearing to our honored State!
Mr. Buchanan came into po wer with large Dem-
ocratic majorities in both branches of Congress.
If he had any influence whatever, why was it not
exerted to procure a modification of the tariff, and
to protect the interests of Pennsylvania ? Had he
expended a tithe of the effort which was employed
to carry the Lecompton constitution through Con-
gress, and to force slavery into Kansas, the tariff
would have been changed. The whole power of
the Administration was devoted to those objects
for two sessions, and not a voice was raised for
"protection" on the Democratic side. Now,
when a presidential election is approaching, and
the people are called upon to pass judgment on
the Administration, they-are as loud in audacious
professions a  they were delinquent in duty when
the opportunity of affording relief was offered.
The record of the last Democratic Congress proves
that every obstacle to a modification of the tariff
was interposed by the Administration majorities
in the Senate and House of Representatives.
The interests of our State were not only disre-
garded, but outraged, trampled upon, and subor-
dinated to a pro-slavery propagandism in the
Territories. The only politics professed by the
Administration, and urged by the President during
the last Congress, when his party had complete
ascendency, was to make Kansas as much a slave
State as Georgia. Such was the declaration of
Mr. Buchanan's message,and everything else was
surrendered to carry out that assurance literally.
Again, and in conclusion, I say the issue is
fairly made, and let an intelligent people decide
it. I repeat now, what I said in this House on a
former occasion, that, in my judgment, no man,
and no party, can or ought carry the electoral
vote of Pennsylvania, unless that man is a living
illustration of the protective policy, and that party
fairly and squarely recognizes protection in its
platform of principles.
Mr. WIN DOM next addressed the committee.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. COX obtained the floor; but yielded to
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Florence hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally underconsideration,and
particularly a bill (H. R. No. 4) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, and had directed him to re-
port the same, with an amendment, to the House,
and a recommendation that the same do pass; also,
that the committee had had under consideration
a bill (H. R. No. 215) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1861, and had come to no conclusion
thereon; also, that the committee had had under
consideration the annual message of the President
of the United States, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I move the
previous question on bill No. 4, making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1861.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at five o'clock and thirty minutes,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
