1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
the service, as most other officers do. I do not
know what is her claim—whether it is as widow
of one man, or as having been the daughter of a
chaplain in the Navy. It is no case for a pen-
sion, it seems to me.
Mr. GRIMES. I will merely state that there
was a unanimous report of the committee in favor
of this bill. I am not disposed to argue it before
the Senate, but I apprehend it is a case that must
excite the sympathy of everybody, and that it
would be nothing more than right to grant a pen-
sion in this case. The truth is, that the first hus-
band of this lady died in the line of his duty, and
she comes, under the first application, within the
spirit, although perhaps not strictly within the
letter, of the law of Congress. The records of the
Surgeon General's office show that he was at-
tacked, whilst at Fort Winnebago, by a disease,
the seeds of which were laid at Port Howard,
where he was stationed in pursuance of the com-
mands of his superior officer. We granted the
other day pensions to the widows of three distin-
guished officers—men, some of whojn had not at
the time they distinguished themselves, been so
long in the public service as the husband of this
woman had been at the time of his death. General
Macomb, who distinguished himself at the battle
of Plattsburg, had not then been in the service of
the United States as long as this first lieutenant
had been in the service at the time of his death,
and we have no reason to suppose that this man
would not have distinguished himself as much as
General Macomb did on that occasion, if he had
only had friends at court who could have elevated
him from the position of a brevet second lieuten-
ant to that of brigadier general in the short space
of thirteen years. I protest entirely against the
principle that the widow of an inferior officer—of
a lieutenant or a captain—shall not be entitled to
the same pension, in proportion to the pay that
officer received, as the widow of a superior officer.
These men take' their lives in their hands and go
to the uttermost parts of the earth to defend the
honor of your flag and to maintain your rights.
They die in the line of their duty; and because
Heaven has not lengthened out their lives, I know
of no reason why you should not take care of
their widows and their children if they are cut off
in the line of their duty.
Mr. HUNTER. This shows the danger of
precedents. I did not vote for the bill to pension
the widows of the officers to whom reference is
made. I believe that has not become a law; it
has not yet passed the House of Representatives,
I think; certainly I am not aware that it has.
But, at any rate, I should be very unwilling to
extend that principle as far as the Senator from
Iowa is disposed to go. If that is the case, we
shall have to pension the widows of all officers
who die in the service; certainly of most of those
who die in the southern country; for most of those
who die in their beds, die from some malarious
disease. I believe that the principle on which
the other bill was put, was somewhat different
from what is claimed here; still I did not think
it was a case for a pension, and I was afraj.d it
would lead to just such eases as this. If this is
to pass, I believe there will bo no limit hereafter.
Mr. FOSTER. I voted with the Senatorfrom
Virginia against the bill that passed the other day,
substantially for the reasons set forth by him; but
I shall vote for this bill, for this widow is poor
and blind.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I had not intended
to say a word on this bill, although it is well un-
derstood in the Senate that I generally vote against
all such bills, and did vote against this in the com-
mittee; but the remarks of the Senator from Con-
necticut, who has just taken his seat, constrains
me to say something against this whole pension
system. His remark goes to the very root and
foundation of the whole system when you get be-
yond the invalid pensions. There is some reason
to sustain invalid pensions. They are not purely
a gratuity; they are founded somewhat in con-
tract, implied if not expressed. Many of them
are express. In several of our wars we have,
among other inducements for volunteers in the
scirvice, provided in the acts of Congress that in
case this soldier or officer were wounded in the
service or should become disabled by diseases
contracted in the service, he should have a pen-
sion. There it is an express contract, and I say
that wh«re it is not express, there is generally
an implied contract where a man engages in the
military or naval service of his country and in-
curs great hazard of his life, or health, or limbs,
that if he becomes disabled from disease or from
wounds, he shall be indemnified in some manner;
but it only extends to the person; it is only a per-
sonal contract, which does not apply to his widow
or to his orphan children. All this class of cases
are dependent merely upon the charity of Con-
gress; they are mere gratuities^ This case is one
that does appeal very strongly to our charity; and,
if I was governed entirely by my own feelings,
and my own sympathy for those in distress, and
my disposition to relieve them; if I felt that I
could make as free and discretionary a use of the
public money, as I could of my own purse, I
would not hesitate to vote for this bill, for there
is none that has come under my observation that
has touched my heart more or that has tried my
principles more severely.
But, sir, I do not think that Congress is a
charity hospital, or that we have the right to dis-
pose of the treasure of the Government in pure
charity; and this is a pure charity. The condi-
tion of the case is this : this widow is, for the
second time, the widow of an officer of the
Army. When her first husband died, she might
have claimed a pension of the Government, and
probably obtained one under the general princi-
ples which have governed those cases not pro-
vided for by any general law but under which
several have been embraced, as several were pro-
vided for the other day. That is to say, I think
there is persuasive testimony that her first hus-
band died of disease contracted in the service of
the United States. I think the evidence goes to
this extent: that he contracted a disease arising
from the malaria around the post where he was
stationed; and the probability is, that if he had
not been sent to that post, he would not have in-
curred this malaria or contracted the disease, and
lie might have survived for a long time. Hence
if she had applied for a pension as the widow of
that officer, during her previous widowhood, I
think she would have come within the spirit and
reason of the law; but she married a second time,
and her sccond husband did not die of any acute
disease, did not die of any epidemic; he died of
a constitutional disorder which he might have had
anywhere, and of which he would have proba-
bly died anywhere else.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me suggest to the Sena-
atortliat the evidence shows that he died in camp;
that he had been m camp for a long time, living
in a tent with his wife. The fact was, that he
was superintending the erection of some sort of a
fortification at Tejon, in California. There was
where he contracted the disease of which he died.
Mr. CLAY. I remember it; but he died of
consumption, which is a hereditary and constitu-
tional disorder, and very rarely, in my opinion,
superinduced by such exposure as he incurred.
The application in this case, if it has any merit
at all beyond the mere appeal to our charity, is
because her former husband died of a disease con-
tracted in the service, and in the line of his duty.
It is not, in my opinion, because of the death of
her second husband in the service and in the line
of hia duty, for I do not think the disease was
contracted there, according to any evidence that
can satisfy the mind. The great objection to this
case, and to all such, is that it opens the door to
innumerable others, and that we shall be in the
cndconstrainedto provide pensions for the widows
of all officers who die in the service of the United
States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The Chair will state, that there
are two verbal amendments which are ncccssary
to be made to the bill: to insert in line nine, after
the word " for," the word " and," and after the
word " during," the word " her," so that it will
read: "for and during her life or widowhood."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the bill be engrossed, and read a third
time ?
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Powell, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Clay, Clingman, Fitch,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Eice, Sli-
deli, Toombs, and Wigfall—13.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
JUDICIARY FEE BILL.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senate now
to take up the bill S. No. 86, which is a general
bill. Wecan getthroughitbefore oneo'clock. It
is one in which the public at large is concerned,
and not for the relief of any particular individual.
It is one reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and which we have had before us three
sessions without reaching.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a bill to amend the
existing laws relative to the compensation of the
district attorneys, marshals, and clerks of the
circuit and district courts of the United States.
Mr. POWELL. I trust that we shall proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
hour has not yet expired.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And during the morning
hour the bilt can be passed.
The motion of Mr. Benjamin was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S.No. 86) to amend
the existing laws relative to the compensation of
the district attorneys, marshals, and clerks of the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
which had been reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, with several amendments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 suppose the bill had better
be read through now as it was last amended, with-
out reference to the particular amendments, so
that the Senate may see it as it now stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it in that manner, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the bill as proposed to be
amended by the Committee on the Judiciary, as
follows:
Be it enacted, 3*c., That, in addition to the taxable costs
now allowed by law to the district attorneys of the United
States, there shall be hereafter allowed to them lor their
services to the United States the following fees:
For drafting the declaration, writ, information, or other
pleadings necessary to bring the cause to an issue, ten dol-
lars.
For arguing questions of law arising on the pleadings or
demurrer, ten dollars; but not more than one such fee shall
be allowed in any cause.
For drawing indictments on criminal informations, five
dollars.
For collecting and paying over to the United States
moneys, a commission of one per centum on the amount
collected and paid, whether the same have been colleetcd
on execution or otherwise: Provided, That when additional
proceedings become necessary for the collection of money
alter the return of the execution issued against the defend-
ant, a further commission, not exceeding four per centum,
may be allowed, at the discretion of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, on all sums actually collected and paid to the
Government, by virtue of such additional proceedings.
For attendance on a reference from the court to a master
or commissioner, five dollars per diem.
For examining a land title, and written opinion thereon,
forty dollars.
For making abstract of title when required, twenty-five
dollars.
For examining and making report on any question or
subject when thereunto required by the President or any
head of Department, thirty dollars.
For services in any suit in a State court, in which it may
be necessary to appear in behalf of the United States,
twenty-five dollars.
For services in any case arising under the extradition
treaties of the United States, twenty-five dollars; and it
shall no longer be necessary for any district attorney to ren-
der accounts of fees and emoluments, nor to pay into the
Treasury any surplus of the fees and emoluments received
by him, as heretofore required by the third section of the
act of February 26,1853.—-10 Statutes at Large, page 165.
Sjsc. a. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in heu of fees,
and in fuil compensation for all services which may here-
after be rendered by the clerks of the district and circuit
courts of the United States in cases wherein the United
States are parties of record, the said clerks shall receive ten
dollars in full payment of all costs incurred by the Govern-
ment in each case; and shallfurther be entitled to an allow-
ance of five dollars per day for their attendance on court
whilst the same is actually m session, and an allowance of
five cents per mile for going from the office of the cierk,
where he is required by law to reside, to the place of hold-
ing any court required to be held bylaw, and five cents per
mtle for returning; and the compensation herein provided
shall be the only compensation allowed to the said clerks
for their services to the United States, and shall be due and
payable at the Treasury, from the judiciary fund, on the 1st
day of January and IstdayofJuly of each year, on accounts
sworn to by the clerk and approved by the judge, which
