2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
exercised his discretion unsoundly, and that his
action calls for the interposition of the legislative
branch of the Government lodirecthim toperform
hits duty to the whole country. Gentlemen here
who represent the "West can speak for their own
States; but I can say for my own State, and par-
ticularly for the district which I represent, that
the postal service therein has been almost disre-
garded and ruined by the action of the Depart-
ment. Whether for the want of funds, or for
other reasons, the Postmaster General has dis-
criminated improperly in discontinuing routes, in
lessening service upon some routes, and increas-
ing it upon others. He has discriminated un-
soundly and destructively to the people whom I
represent. I want the direction contained in this
bill to be enacted into a law, to force the Post-
master General to do what a sound and discreet
man would have done without it.
I do not know how many routes have been
discontinued in the older States, but every prac-
tical mind knows that if we need increased mail
facilities anywhere, we want them in the new
States, in growing communities. They need facil-
ities of this kind in consequence of continued in-
crease of population; in consequence of the tide
of emigration which tends westward. But that
is the part of the country where, according to my
information, the service has been struck d@wn by
ihe Postmaster General, and in particular is that
the case in the district which I have the honor to
represent upon this floor.
Therefore I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend by striking
out the " 4th of March," and inserting the " 1st
of March."
I have been particularly struck with the whole-
sale denunciation by gentlemen upon this floor of
the present Postmaster General on account of his
discontinuing service upon certain routes. I have
not heard a specification, by either one of the
gentlemen from Missouri who have indulged in
ihis course of remark, of a single case in which
the public interest has been injured by the course
of the Postmaster General. I think tUose gentle-
men would have consulted the history of this
country, and have vindicated it much better by
attributing the necessity of this discontinuance of
the mail service of the country to the action of
the last Congress. Weleft that Department with-
out means; without the ordinary appropriations;
and the present incumbent came into office with
no money to carry on the postal service of the
country, and was necessarily compelled, in the
exercise of his discretion, to limit the action of
that Department, and to reduce its heavy expendi-
tures.
I cannot see why it is that the gentlemen direct
their attacks against the presentincumbentof the
Post Oflice Department, and yet give no specifi-
cations, except that, forsooth, their constituents
had their mail facilities lessened. Now, X venture
the assertion, and without hesitation either, that
if you will take the appropriations which have
been made for the mail service m this country, for
the last four years, you will find that there liaw
been more money unnecessarily expended by this
Government, for which it has received less returns
from postages, than at any other period of our
history, and especially has this been the case m
Missouri, more than in any other State. 1 have
not investigated this subject minutely; but I ven-
ture to assert, that if gentlemen who representthat
portion of country will take the post office routes
which commence in that district alone, they will
find that many of them aie unnecessary, so far as
the public interest of the country is concerned.
This bill proposes to interfere with tdic exercise
of the sound discretion of the executive depart-
ment of the Government. The gentleman trorn
Missouri, who first addressed the committee, [Mr.
Craig,] says that the law of 1836 does not confer
upon the Postmaster General the power which he
lias exercised; yet that gentleman well knows that
in every contract which is entered into with the
Post Office Department, the power is reserved to
that officer to regulate this very matter in his dis-
cretion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him whether he holds that
the Postmaster General can repeal a law of Con-
gress by inserting an express provision in a con-
tract?
Mr. BURNETT. I hold this: that the law does
confer the power. I hold, furthermore, that those
who have signed such contracts with the Depart-
ment—both parties being capable of making the
contract—are estopped from denying the power m
the Post Office Department to reduce the service.
That is my position. Here is an attempt, on the
part of the House, to interfere directly with the
exercise of executive power, in using that discre-
tion which is conferred upon it, both by the law
and the terms of the contract.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I rise to oppose
the amendment; but neither to assail nor to de-
fend the action of the Postmaster General. That
is no part of my business. I am in favor of this
bill just as it is. 1 maintain that the Postmaster
General has no right to interfere with this service
in the manner in which he has interfered with it.
I am sorry that 1 have not time to discuss the
legal proposition. I deny his right to do it unless
he did it in conformity with the law of 1836.
When he was called upon to show his legal au-
thority for doing it, he was unable to show it.
Waiving that, however, I want this service le-
stored, and I do not care what it costs in order to
restore it. . . .
Now, I say to my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] that so far as the restoration of this ser-
vice is concerned, the passage of the bill restoring
this service does not, in my estimation, interfere
with that already restored; nor does it require the
Postmaster General to give the contracts to the
same individuals. That which is restored already
saves him the trouble of restoring it. I do not
want to interfere with the executive power of the
Government, for I think it necessary and right that
the Executive should have discretionary power.
But, so far as I am concerned, if I can force the
Postmaster General to place service on every
route established by Congress, I would do it. So
far as my constituents are concerned, I want these
routes restored. I feel that it is due to them.
The Postmaster General, in each of the notices
from him that I have seen, gives as the reason
why he has interfered with these contracts, the
action, or rather the non-action, of last Congress.
The act of 1836, it is true, gives to the Postmaster
General the right to interfere with these contracts
in the way he has done, by advertising for a cer-
tain time. He failed to do so. Ihe gentleman
from Mississippi insists that the right to interfere
with the contracts was contained in them; but 1
hold that hi* had no right to put this provision in
the contracts. If he had not that right, then the
provision ought not to be enforced. That is my
position. 1 admit that, as a common law obliga-
tion, the contract itself would be binding on the
party; but if he had no right to put it in the con-
tract, then he should not have attempted to en-
force it in a way detrimental to the business and
interest of the country, as I conceive.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I move to amend
by striking out the words " 2d of March," and
inserting the words " 3d of March."
As the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bur-
nett] referred to me, I desire to say that I did not
attack the Postmaster General. My colleague
said something about him, and he may have attrib-
uted to me what my colleague said. I say that
the Postmaster General did contravene the law
of 1836 in annulling or changing these contracts
without advertising them. The law, I admit,gives
him the power to alter the service; but it requires
him, when he does desire to reduce the service on
any contract in the United States or Territories,
not to depend on his own judgment of what the
reduced service is worth; but iflie desires to change
a contract, unless by increasing the contract, the
law requires him to advertise it for four weeks,
and let the contractor who is stricken down take
his place among the other bidders, and bid for the
new contract at what it is worth. The Postmas-
ter General did not do that last year. He took
it on himself to strike down these contractors.
He took it on himself, when he reduced the ser-
vice one half, to reduce the compensation of the
contractors, in some instances, thirty-three per
cent., and in other instances fifty per cent. He
became himself the judge of what the losses of the
contractors were. I am ready with incontestable
proof to show here thet in reducing the trips of
some of these men, he actually increased the cost
of the service. I can show that in reducing the
mail service to twice a month on one route, the
accumulation of mail matter was such as to require
two stage coaches, two sets of horses, and two
sets of drivers, where one coach, and one set of
horses, and one driver, would have been sufficient
for the more frequent service.
I do not desire to raise the question, 1 know
that the Postmaster General is an economistof the
strictest sect. 1 admit that he took charge of that
Department when it was in adeplorable condition.
I admit that Congress failed to place money at his
disposal. I have no desire to raise the question
as to whether he exercised his discretion soundly
or not. But 1 do say that I believe that the daily
mails, which had run for years through my col-
league's district, have been stricken down, and are
now carried on the back of a mule once a week.
That is the way the Postmaster General exercised ,
his discretion in that district.
Now, as to the amount of money expended by
the Post Office Department in my district—of
course the gentleman from Kentucky alludes to
the California overland mail—I will say that, in
one of those unfair reports made hy the Post-
master General, going to show that the State of
Missouri gets more than her share of the public
plunder, he has been obliged to charge Missouri
with $190,000 for mails that do not run one rod
through the State of Missouri—a mail which
leaves the banks of the Missouri river at the bor-
der of my State, and runs twelve hundred miles
through the wilderness. I admit that it brings
us a mail; but the stage-coach does not run a rod
in our State; and yet we are charged with that
$190,000 for carrying the mails through Kansas
to the United States forts; to the miners in the
Pike's Peak region; to the army and the Mormons
in Utah, and to California. This route, which is
charged in the Postma ster General's report to Mis-
souri, is for the benefitof New York, Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois, Kentucky, and other States,as well
as Missouri; and is unfairly reported, and not
justly chargeable to the mail expenses of my.
State. My district has asked but little from the
present Postmaster General, and has received
nothing, except curtailments of the mail facilities
which they enjoyed years before he filled that
office. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
oppose the amendment. The last Congress did
not make the appropriations for carrying tho
mails; and the Postmaster General, after the ad-
journment of Congress, discontinued many mail
routes and curtailed the mail service all oyer the
country; the effect of which was to deprive the
people of mail facilities long enjoyed, and neces-
sary to their business and social wants.
Now, sir, I do not think it necessary,"for the
purposes of this legislation, to bring the conduct
of the Postmaster General particularly under our
consideration at this time. In view of what his ac-
tion has been,either wisely orunwisely, the ques-
tion before us is, shall we avail ourselves of the
power which we have, as the law-making power,
of restoring the service which the Postmaster Gen-
eral has seen fit to discontinue or to curtail ? That
is for tho Congress to decide. We have a right
to determine whether we will restore this service.
What reason is there why it should not be re-
stored ? Upon the 4th of March, 1859, the mail
service was satisfactory to the country. Had the
late Postmaster General put on service winch was
unnecessary, and which justified the presentPost-
master General, in case the appropriations by
Congress had been duly made, in discontinuing
or curtailing that service ? Who complained of
the service as it existed March 4,1859? No one.
The servine was generally satisfactory. Perhaps
there might have been some routes which could
have been properly discontinued; but when wo
are acting as we are acting here, there is no other
course for us to pursue but to restore the entire
service, for it is impossible for us to discriminate
and say that a part of the service shall be restored
and a part shall not be restored. If we do any-
thing at all, we have to restore the entire service,
and leave it to the wise discretion of the Postmas-
ter General,after having restored the service and
made the necessary appropriation to carry it on-
to act as he shall see fit under the law, and m ac-
cordance with the sentiments of Congress,as indi-
cated by a restoration of the service.
