3058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
a receipt in all cases therefor from the foreman at
the head of the department in which the paper,
or other material, has been used. All the print-
ing and binding, and all blank-books ordered
by the heads of the executive and judicial depart-
ments of the Government, or of the chiefs of the
bureaus thereof, and all the printing and binding,
and ail blank-books ordered by Congress, or by
either House of Congress, are on and after the 4th
dayof March, 1861, to be done and executed under
the Superintendent, in accordance with the provis-
ions of this act. The printing ordered, and to be
ordered, by the Thirty-Sixth Congress, is to be
f executed by the Printers of the Senate and House
of Representatives, as now authorized by law;
*4 and no printing or binding other than that ordered
by Congress or the heads of Departments, as pro-
vided for by this enactment, is to be executed in
the office now to be established. The Super-
intendent is to receive from the Secretary of the
Senate, and the Cleik of the House of Represent-
atives, and from the heads of Departments and
chiefs of bureaus, all matter ordered to be printed
and bound at the public expense, and to keep a
faithful account of the same, in the order in which
it may be received; and when it shall have been
printed and bound, see that the volumes or sheets
are promptly delivered to the officer of the Sen-
ate, or House of Representatives, or Department,
authorized to receive the same, whose receipt
therefor will be a sufficient voucher, by the Su-
perintendent, of their delivei y.
The Joint Committee on Printing for the two
Houses of Congress are to fix a standard of paper
for the printing of congressional documents, to
weigh not less than fifty pounds to the ream of
five hundred sheets,of twenty-four by thirty-eight
inches; and it is to be the duty of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing to furnish samples of
"standard paper to applicants, and to advertise an-
nually, in one or move newspapers having the
largest circulation m the cities of Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Chi-
cago, Washington, Richmond, Raleigh, Charles-
ton, New Orleans, and St. Louis, for the space of
sixty days prior to the 1st of July, for sealed
proposals to furnish the Government of the Uni-
ted States ail paper which may be necessary for
the execution of the public printing, of quality
and in quantity to be specified m the advertise-
ments from year to year. He is to open such
proposals as may be made in the presence of the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, and award the contract lor
furnishing all the paper, or such class thereof
us may be bid for, to the lowest bidder, for the
quality of paper advertised for by the Superin-
tendent, and determined by the joint committee
of the two Houses of Congress. He is to com-
pare the paper furnished by the public contractor
with the standard quality; and not accept any pa-
per from the contractor which does not conform
to the standard determined upon. And incase of
difference of opinion between the Superintendent
of Public Printing and the contractors lor paper
with respect to its quality, the matter of difference
is to be determined and settled by the joint stand-
ing Committee on Printing of the two Houses of
Congress, hi default of any contractor to com-
ply with his contract in furnishing the paper in
the proper time, and of proper quality, the Super-
intendent is to be authorized to enter into a new
contract with the lowest and best bidder for the
interests of theGovernment,amongst those whose
proposals were rejected at the last annual letUngs,
if it be practicable so to do, and if not, then to
advertise for proposals, and award the contract to
new bidders; and during any interval which is
thus created by the now advertisement for such
proposals, the Superintendent is to purchase in
the open market, by and with the approval Of
the Secretary of {lie Interior, all such paper as
may be necessary for the public service, at the
lowest price. For any increase of cost to the Gov-
ernment m procuring a supply of paper for the
use of the Government, the contractor m default
and his securities are to be held responsible, and
be prosecuted upon their bond by the Solicitor of
the Treasury, in the name of the United States,
in the circuit court of the United States in the dis-
trict in which the defaulting contractor resides;
and to enable the Solicitor to do so, the said Su-.
nerintendent is to report to him the default on Us
happening, with a fuii statement of all the facts m
the case. The Superintendent is to keep a just
and true account of all the paper received from the
contractor or contractors, together with an account
of all the paper used for the purposes of the Gov-
ernment, and report the amount of each class con-
sumed in the printing establishment, and in what
woiks or publications, the same was used, to the
Secretary of the Interior, at the end of each and
every fiscal year.
Whenever any charts, maps, diagrams, views,
or other engravings are required to illustrate any
document ordered to be printed by either House
of Congress, they are to be procured by the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, under the direc-
tion and supervision of the Committee on Printing
of the House ordering the same. It is to be the
duty of the Superintendent annually to prepare
and submit to the Register of the Treasmy, in
time to have the same embraced in the annual
estimates from that Department, detailed estimates
of the salaries, amount to be paid for wnges,
engraving, binding, materials, and for any other
necessary expense of the printing establishment
for the succeedmgyear. And the Superintendent
is also, on the first day of the meeting of each
session of Congress, or as soon thereafter as may
be, report to Congress the exact condition of
the public priming, binding, and engraving; the
amount and cost of all such printing, binding,
and enslaving; the amount and cost of all paper
purchased; a statement of the several bids for
materials, and such further information as may
be within his knowledge in regard to all matters
connected therewith. Neither the Superintendent,
nor any other officer to be appointed by lum, dur-
ing his continuance in oilice is to have any inter-
est, direct or indirect, in the publication of any
newspaper or periodical, or in any printing of
any kind, or in any binding or engraving, or in
any contract for furnishing paper or other mate-
rial connected with the public printing. Any
violation of this provision will subject the party
offending, on conviction before any coui t of com-
petent jurisdiction, to imprisonment m the peni-
tentiary for a term of not less than one, nor more
than five years, and to a fine of $5U0. If the
Superintendent shall corruptly collude with any
person or persons furnishing materials, or bidding
therefor, or with any other person or peisons, or
have any secret understanding with linn or them,
by himself or tlnough others, to defraud the Uni-
ted States, or by which the Government of the
United States shall be defrauded or made to sus-
tain a loss, contrary to the true intent and mean-
ing of this act, he shall, upon conviction thereof
before any court of competent junsdictioti, forfeit
his oilice and be subject to imprisonment in the
penitentiary for a term of not less than three,
or more than seven years, and to pay a line of
$3,000,
Mr. DAVIS, on the 12th instant, submitted his
own views as the minority of the Committee on
Printing, in the shape of an amendment to strike
out till after the it-solving clause of the joint reso-
lution, and insert the following:
Tli.it I ion i ami after the l-t day of July, J SGI, all the p tint-
ing irquited lor the seiviee of the Senate and limine ot
lvcpre cijtau\ e-, ami their seveial olliees, and lot the ex-
ecutive and judicial depaittncnts oi the Government ol the
United States, shall lit." pioeuied b> eontiact; and the Su-
peuuteudent of the Public Punting is heteby authouzed
and directed to advertise m two or mote newspapers ot
gcnetal cucuhition in the city ol Washington, foi the space
of thnty davs ptior to the l-t day ot July, lbOL, and bien-
nially thereaitei, for the execution ot all said printing lor
the period ol two ycais liom that date ; the said punting to '
be executed in the cit\ ol Washington, tuuiei the sitpci- j
vision and d.iection, and to the satisfaction of the said J
Supeiintendent, and m the time tequued In bun. ;
St c. "2. siurf it further vnuttul, That the punting afote- ;
«aul shall be auanged m i j.ts<e*,each el„-s to be the  nb- i
jeet ot a sepai ate eonmwt. to be <i wauled to the lowest bid- '
tier, who shall give bond and -ausfactory security lor the
lajthtul peuornmnee ot hi- eontiact, in \lie lollovvuig man !
nei, that is to*ay . First. The executive document-of ea<-h >
Ifou->e, embracing messages iioin the Ciosident, icpott* ;
Horn the 10\eeuttve J)epaiuneut-, bineau-, and othce*, ami j
documents and statement- communicated theiewtth, u tth |
indexes; but uom this ela-s shall be excepted the annual !
message oi'the i'le-udent to Congre— and accompanying
doeumcnts, the animal n port of the Seen taiy of tbeTieas-
my mi the state ol the finance*, the annual lcpoit of the
Secretary of State on the commeicial relations of the Uni-
ted Stale* with loteigu nations, the Coast Survey jeport,
the icpott ot the Commissioner ot Patents on aits and inan-
utactures, and theieport of the said Commissioner on ag-
itcuHuie. Second. The miscellaneous documents of each j
House, enibiacing le.soluiiuns and othei documents from i
State .Lcgi-latutes, memoiials, petition-, and other matter |
mnubeted and ouleied to be punted as miscellaneous doc- j
mucins. Thud. The it-ports of committees of each House, j
and the reports of the Court of Claims for the House of
Representatives. Fourth. The Journals of the two Houses.
Filth. The treaties and confidential documents fin the
Senate. Sixth. The bills and joint resolution* lbi the two
Houses. Seventh. The miscellaneous pihitmg of the of
liccs of the Secretary of the Senate, the Cleik ot the
House, and the other offtces of the two Houses, embracing
general ordcis, calendars, cnculars, labels, and such other
printing as may be requned. Eighth. The punting of the
Supreme Court. Ninth. The punting of theCoui t ot Claims.
Tenth. The printing for the Executive Depaitments, em-
bracing every descnptiou of letter-press punting lequiied,
except the annual lepoit ol the Secretary of the Tieuauiy
on commerce and navigation, and the Biennial Register.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the woiks here-
inbefore excepted fioiu the first and tenth classes shall each
be made the subject ol a sepuiatc contract 5 and it Khali be
the duty of the Superintendent of the Public Punting, in
oulei to procine uniformity 111 the bids, to cause to be pre-
paied blank tonus ot proposals, speeiiymg in detail the
charactci of the vatious kinds ot composition and press-
wot k lequircd. and, as tar u& practicable, all other techni-
cal and general liilounation that may lie necessary for the
guidance of bidders. Said pioposaK shall be opened in the
presence of the Seeietaiy ot the Senate and Cleik of the
House ot llepiesentativcs; and 110 pioposal not made in
exact confounity with the blank touns prepaied by the Su-
peiintendent shall be entertained by bun.
Si e.4. Jlnd be it further enuded, That there shall be
printed of the executive and miscellaneous documents, the
repoits ot committees and repoits ot the Couit ol Claims',
at the public expense, fifteen bundled and liiiy eopie-, and
no more; and the Supeiintendent ol the Public Printing,
in all cases where any document has been oidered to be
punted by both Houses ol Congress, shall cause the order
of the House lirst ordeung the same only to be executed;
and the fifteen hundred and fifty copies shall be distributed
by the ofheers ot the House fust 01 during the printing of
the same, to the same persons and m the same manner as
such numbers hcictotoie oideted by both Houses have
been distuhuted. Thcie shali be punted of the Journal of
the Senate, fourteen bundled and twenty copies; of the
Journal of the House, sixteen handled and sixty copies;
ot the Senate bills and joint lesolutions, seven hundied
eopie-; of the House bills and joint ic&olutions, seven
humhf d copies, fot the u-e of the two Houses of Congress
tobjectively ; ot the treaties and other eontidontia! mattei,
ninety copi«'>, lor the u-c ot the Senate; and of all other
mattei, such numbei of copies as may be directed, in writ-
ing, by the head of the Depaiunent, bureau, or otftce making
the requisition; but it shall not be lawful lor the othcer or
pei son in charge of any Department, bin can, or oilice of the
Government to print, or cause to be printed, at the public
expense, any report he may make to e thei House ot C011-
gre.vs, to the Piesident of the United Stales, or to the head
of au> of the Departments : J*io cided, That nothing heicni
contained shall ptevent the contractor 1'tom punting,at his
own u-k and eost, any of the public documents foi sale.
Sec. .'j. *dml be U further enacted, That it shall be the
duty o( the Superintendent of the Public Printing to le-
ceive liom the Seeietaiy ot the Senate and the Cleik of the
House of Ucpiesentatives all matter ordeied by Congiess
to he printed ; from the clerks of the SupremeCouit and
oi the Couit of Claim-* all matter ordered by then couits,
icspeetively, to be printed ; and trom the seveial heads of
Depaitment- and duels ot bureau* and offices all matter
oideted by them, respectively, to be printed at the public
< xpense, and to keep a faithtul account ot the same, 111 the
Older in which it shall be leceived, in a book 01 books kept
lot that puipo>e. He shall de!i\er the said matter to the
conuaetoi 111 the oidei in winch it shall be leeeived ; he
shall iceoid, in a book ot hordes kept foi that purpose, the
date- at which the returns of said woik aie made, and the
amount allowed by him lor said printing; he shall super-
vise ihe execution ot the public puntmu, in =peet flic woik
when exe< uted. and sec that the same 1- done with neat-
ness and in proper time, and toicpoitcven faUuicor delin-
quency ol duty 011 the part of the couttaeior to the Joint
Committee on Punting.
See. (>. *ind be it further cnactcd, That whenever any
ehruts, maps, diagiams, view-, ot other dtawings shall ac-
company any mattei oideied to be punted by eithei House
ot Confess, 01 etthet of the Dcpaitmonts of the Govern-
ment, it shall be the duty oi the Supenntendentofthe Pub-
he Punting, it the drawings accompany a document oideied
to be punted by Conctess, to consult the appropriate eotn-
mutec oi Congres-, or if they accompany a papei 01 leied
to be punted by the head 01 aDcpaitment.buieau.orofiice,
to consult that oll'icei as 10 the necessity lot the publication
of -aid duuvings ; and, tf their publication be deemed ne-
cessat},-then the said Superintendent shall advertise for
proposals lor their proper execution, it the estimated cost
of the woik exceeds $.">00, and awaid the eontraet to the
lowest responsible bidder; if the estimate d cost of the
woik shall not eveced £500. then the Supeiintendent '-hall
have it executed to the best advantage foi the mteicst of
the Government without pubhc advettlsement.
Six 7. Jlnd la it further enaded, That the documents,
journals, icpoits ol comimltces, arid lepoits of the Couit
or Claims, ouleied to be printed b> Congres*, shall be
punti d in oetav o loim, (unl''-*, m the opinion ot the Com-
mittee on Punting of the ilou-e oidering the same, the
character of any document niaj render a change to quaito
lot in neees-.uy.) on *i/ed and super-culendcn d paper
wetirhing fifty pounds to the leam of four hundred and
eight} sheets, and measunng twenty-four by thnty-eight
inehe-; and the paper lor an\ othei dc-cnption ot pilntmg
oid<.rcd by Congress, or by the executive or judicial depart-
ments of the Government, shall be of such size and quality
as the Superintendent of the i'uhhc Printing may deem suit-
able and ptopei. And it shall he the duty of the said Superin-
tendent to establish the character and quality of the differ-
ent kinds of paper required for the public printing, and to
have samples ot the same bound in volumes of convenient
si/efui lefetcucc <ind comparison, which chall be prc-eiwd
in lus offiep ; and all tiie paper puicha*cd foi -aid punting
shali con foi m to the samples so established. The said
Superintendent shall advrmse annuall} m two newspaper
