1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3059
of general circulation in the city of Washington, for the
space 01 thirty day.. jnior to the 1st day of July, of every
year, for sealed piojio-als to lurm^h all the papei which
mav he icq in red loi the public printing and t'ngraving fiom
yeai toyeai, in quantity as neatly as piacticable to be speci-
fied m said advertisement, and in quality to conioim to the
established samples preserved m Jus office. He phall open
such proposals as maybe made, in the presence of the See-
rctaty of the Senate and the Clerk of the House, and shall
award the contiact for fui nishing all of said paper, or such
class thereof as may be bid for, to the lowest responsi-
ble bidder; and he shall not accept any paper from the
contractor winch does not conform to the sample as afore-
said. He shall deliver the p.iper for the public printing
upon the requisition of the contractor for punting, and
charge him therewith ; and, as the printing is returned and
passed, he shall credit the contractor with tiiequantity u-ed
in the public service. lie shall have the requisitions of
the Printer and the returns ot paper by the Printer balanced
at least once in each year, and m default thereof to report
the same to Congress for such pioceedtngsas G\>ngiess may
diieet. In default of any eontiaetor unrlei this act to com-
ply vvitli his contract in furnishing the paper tor the public
ptinting in proper time and of suitable quality, the Super-
intendent is hereby authouijed and dneeted to advertise for
proposals, for such time and in such places as he may deem
expedient, and awaid the conn act to the lowest bidder, and
to purchase in the open market, upon the best piacticable
terms, all the paper that may be required for the public
printing until a uew contiact is made; and for any inciease
of cost to the Government in piocuting a supply of paper,
the eonlraeloi m default and hi-> securities shall be held
responsible, and shall he prosecuted upon then bond in the
name of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it Jurther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Supciinteudent of the Public Punting to ad-
vertise in two newspapers of general cheulation in the city
of Washington, for the space of thirty days prior to the ls-t
day oi July, J 881, and biennially thereaftci, tui the binding,
in the city ol Washington, of the reserved documents tor
the succeeding Congress; the said documents to be arranged
into volumes ot convenient size, and propeiiy indexed tor
each Hou e, by the Secietary and Clerk,respectively, and
to be bound in such mannerasmaybe directed by the Joint
Committee on Punting. The said Superintendent-hay open
such pioposals as may be received in the piesenec of the;
said Secretary and Clerk, and shall awaid the contiact for
binding to the lowest bidder, who shall give satisfactoiy
secuiity for the faithful peilormance of his contiact. The
said tfupeiintcndenl shall supciviscthe stitching and bind-
ing of the public documents, receive said work when exe-
cuted, and see that the same is done ma duiable and wotk-
manlike manner, and in pioper tune, accoidmg to such
sample as may bu pieseived m ln  oftiee.
Skc. 9. And be it fuithcr enacted, That the Superintend-
ent ot the Public Pnntirm shall issue his ceititieate lor the
amount due to the contiactoi for such paper, punting, en-
graving, and binding shall be received by him under the
provisions of this act; which certificate shall be made pay-
able at the Tteasury ot the United States; and the accounts
of the contractor and the cettificatesof the Superintendent i
shall be subject to the examination and contiol of the ae
counting officers of the Tieasury, in like manner as othci
public accounts.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That every contractor
under the provisions of this act shall have the right of ap-
peal from the decisions ot the Superintendent of the Public
Pruning to tin: Joint Committee on Printing, whose decision
on tne matter in dispute shall be final.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. FITCH. I have merely to repeat what I
havepreviouslysaid,thatl have no disposition to
discuss the relative merits of the two bills. 1 and
my colleague on the committee, the Senator from
Rhode Island, constituting with me the majority
of the committee, propose merely to answer ob-
jections. Therefore those objections can be urged
oy gentlemen, if they desire to do so.
Mi. DAVIS. I will merely say to the Senate
—1 do not intend to consume their time—that the
amendment which is proposed differs from the
joint resolution of the committee in presenting
the form of contracts instead of a bureau. I be-
lieve the contract system to be the best which we
can adopt generally, and that it is especially ap-
plicable to the matter of printing. Senators know
very little of printing, and \ery little of the oper-
ation of presses; therolure our gieatcst safety is
in securing the competition of those who do un-
derstand u. By the contract system, we array
against each other those persons who have the
te-chnicaj knowledge necessnry to enable them to :
bid understanding!}' on the question of congres- !
sional printing. This differs from the old system j
of contract in several inspects. First, it classi-|
fies the printing so as to enable men with small j
capital to take a contract for a certain portion of i
the printing. Secondly, it is checked and guarded '
by the Superintendent of Printing, an officcr es-
tablished since the contract system existed before.
Thhdly, it requires the paper to be furnished by
the Go^'i nment,so as to proven tall those frauds in
the use of bad paper which entered into the mat-
ter before. Fourthly, it limits the amount of
printing to be done, and opens the documents to
sale by the Printer. In this it goes to some ex-
tent in the direction of the British system, where
their public printing has been conducted, I think,
with more cconomy, and m every respect on a
better system, than our own. These are the prin-
cipal motives which induce me to offer the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I shall not discuss the merits or
the demerits of the minoiity bill in detail. My
objection to it is a radical one. It is an objection
to the contract system. Without any reference,
therefore, to the particular merits or otherwise of
the details of that bill, I desire the Senate to de-
cide between a return to the contract system—
the evils of which we have felt in experience here-
tofore—and the system reported by the majority
of the committee. The majority bill contains
nothing original. It has been in one shape or
another before the Senate repeatedly, arid has met
their sanction on different occasions It is com-
piled mostly from a bill introduced by the Sena-
tor from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] some three or
four years since, and one introduced at this ses-
sion by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.] With these brief remarks, unless there
are objections urged to it, I am disposed to take
the vote at once, simply trusting that the minority
bill will not be substituted for that of the major-
ity.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a word to say in favor
of this substitute. It has been frequently stated,
since I have been a member of this body, that
the contract system was a failure. I was a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives when that
contract system was adopted. I think that under
it we carried on the public printing at about half
the price we did before under the old system; and
although it was declared that the Printer could
not do it for the money he got, at the next letting
1 think the prices were about one third less, and
the contract went off well. Afterwards, a gen-
tleman well known to the public and deeply con-
nected with politics for half a century, got the
contract, doubtless, from the result, with the in-
tention of breaking down the system by partisan
efforts. The contract system was broken down,
not because it failed, but because it succeeded.
As long as it existed, there was no money to be
made out of it, except that which was to be made
honestly; and it was as perfect a success as ever
was tried, except in this: that the Houses of
Congress broke it down for the benefitof partisan
editors; and that is all the failure there ever was
in the contract system. The public business was
just as well done under it, and done for half the
money; but because it was done well and done
for half the money, those who desired to make
money out of it through party power broke it
down; and that is the history of the failure of
the contract system. I have no doubt it is the
best, and that the printing can be as readily done
by contract as a hundred barrels of pork can be
bought for your Army by contract.
Mr, CAMKRON. I was a member of the Sen-
ate when the contract system was inaugurated,
and I was chairman of the Committee on Printing
at that time, and therefore had a very good oppor-
tunity of knowing whether the law could be car-
ried out or not. I satisfied myself that it could
be carried out very easily. There were imposi-
tions upon us; but with a single additional power
to the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
they would have been obviated. One of the im-
positions was that the Printer who had the job
had his type made a larger size than they should
have been, and therefore he received more for the
typo he set. lie also deceived us m the quality
of the paper, for ho was to furnish the paper as j
well as do the printing. I asked for authority to
dismiss htm, and employ a Printer temporarily;
and if the Senate had given me that authority, I
should have carried out the law without any diffi-
culty. They failed to do it for reasons which I
have stated heretofore.
The contract was taken at less than half the
prices previously allowed. The contractors con-
stantly complained that they were not making
anything; but after two years had expired, and j
the contract came to be let again, it was taken for
a still less sum. I happen to know something
about that, for a man from my own town got a
part of the contract, and made more money than
he had ever made before m his life, under u pi ice
less than the original bidders had taken it for;
but he was induced by a combination of printers
and politicians about Washington to' throw up
his contract, and he got, I think, §30,000-for it,
and went home rich, and he is now a prosperous
and rich man. After that, Mr.Ritchic'came here
and applied to Congress, arid complained that he
had lost money; and I believe they gave him one
hundred or more thousand dollars. Some other
Printers have got large fees for having assisted,
in breaking up that system. There is not a bit,
more difficulty in carrying out the system of con-
tract for the public printing than there is for pur-
chasing anything the Government needs by con-
tracts-no more than in getting stone for this
building or work done for this building. I have
reflected a great deal on it ever since, for every
now and then this subject has come before me.
As a practical printer, and as a man of business,
I have no doubt that this system can be carried
out with perfect ease, and that you will save more
than one half the amount you now pay by it. I
have looked over the bill of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] and I think there are checks
enough in it to prevent harm. Besides, when we
had the contract system before, there was no Su-
perintendent of Public Printing to overlook the
work. Now you have that officer with all the
machinery of his office.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am myself,
from my own observation, opposed to the con-
tract system as regards the public printing. You
connect Congress with the press through it, and
that I consider one of the great evils. You may
give out your contract, and the contractor, after
he has contracted to do the work, connects him-
self with a press of some kind; he buys one, or
he may be the editor and proprietor of a paper at
the time. The result is that you have useless
documents printed, because members of Congress
want to have a representation of their services
here made thtough the medium of that press to
the support of which they are contributing. That
is one of the corrupting tendencies of the system.
That was the evil you had before under the con-
tract system.
Again, in my own recollection of what occurred
here under the contract system at the time I came
into the Senate, the work was very extravagantly
done, by a man,! think, of the name of Hamilton.
The type was inferior, and the work was so bad,
and so slow in being done, that that particular
contract had to be broken. Again, in the case of
Mr. Ritchie, there were most extravagant appro-
priations made, and it will always be so, as long
as Congress undertakes to deal with an adminis-
trative "matter, which it docs in this case. When
the contractor making the contract is connected
with Congress through the press, he can prevail
on the members here to order such extraordinarily
long numbers as will amount to a large profit for
himself, or to excuse the inferiority of workman-
ship; and that mode of action, in bodies consti-
tuted like the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, in my judgment, tends to corruption. The
bill reported by the committee relieves us from
all difficulty of that kind, and I am decidedly in
favor of it.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator from Dela-
ware is mistaken in the objection. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi provides
what number of documents of the various kinds
shall be printed.
Mr. BAYARD. But not as to extra numbers.
Mr. PUGH. There are no extra numbers un-
der it.
Mr. BAYARD. But either House can order
extra numbers.
Mr. PUGH. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS. I have provided that extra cop-
ies may be printed by the contractor, and sold to
members of Congress, or anybody else, at his own
rate.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to remark that the
Senator from Mississippi had incorporated, in-
stead of this abuse of our ordering extra copies,
the excellent practice of the British Government,
by which, havingpaid the contractor for the com-
position of the woik itself, by paying for a given
number of copies, he can print the extra copies
very cheaply, and we can buy them ourselves if
we want them, or our constituents can. Thus,
instead of turning the whole printing business
into a job for the benefit of individuals, only those
documents which arc of any interest, and which
people wish to read, will have extra copies printed.
