1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171;
accounts it shall be the duty of the clerk to render to the
First Auditor of the Treasury within thirty days from and
after the said 1st day of January and July: Provided, how-
evcry That where the same person is clerk of bftth the dis-
trict and circuit courts, he shall not be allowed to charge
more than one per diem compensation for attendance on
the two courts on the same day, nor shall such per diem be
allowed for attendance at rules, nor at sessions held exclu-
sively for business under the bankrupt law: And provided
further, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to deprive the clerk of the fees which the Gov-
ernment may be liable to pay him under the eleventh sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to regulate the proceedings
in the circuit and district courts ©f the United States, and
for other purposes," approved 8th August, 1846.—9 Statutes
at Large, page 74.
Sec. 3. Andbc it further enacted, That all laws and parts
of laws requiring the rendition by the clerks of ^aid courts •
of any other or further accounts than those specified m the
second section of this act, or fixing or limiting the amount
of compensation to be allowed to said clerks, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the marshals of
the United States shall be entitled to charge for the services
hereinafter mentioned the following tees, namely:
For travel in going and returning to serve any process,
warrant, attachment, or other writ, six cents per mile.
For expenses whilst employed in endeavoring to arrest,
under process, any person charged with or convicted of a
crime, the sum actually expended, not to exceed four dol-
lars a day, in addition to his compensation for service and
traveling/
For attending examination before a commissioner or other
officer, and bringing in, guarding, and returning prisoners
charged with or convicted of crime, five dollars per day,
and two dollars per day for each deputy, not exceeding
three.
For bringing into-court any person in custody of the mar-
shal, whenever so required by writ or by order of the judge,
clerk, or district attorney, two dollars, and a like sum far
returning into custody such person when so ordered.
For safe-keeping, sustenance, care, and necessary ex-
penses incurred in cases where negroes, mulattoes, or per-
sons of color, are delivered to the marshal, under any pro-
visions of the laws of the United States passed for the
prohibition or repression of the slave trade, forty cents per
diem for each negio. mulatto, or person of color so kept,
from the date of the delivery to the marshal until the with-
drawal from his custody under the provisions of the law;
and this compensation shall not be included in the emolu-
ments of the marshal, nor accounted for by him under the
provisions of the third section of the act of 26th February,
1853, but shall be retained by him in addition to the maxi-
mum compensation allewed by s>aid section.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enactcd, That the bill of foes of
clerks, marshals, and attorneys, and the amount paid print-
ers, jurors, and witnesses, and lawful fees for cxemplifica- j
tion, and copies of papers necessarily obtained for use on !
trial in cases where, by law, costs are recoverable m favor
of the prevailing party, shall be taxed by the judge of the
court by which the judgment is rendered, and be included
in and form part of the judgment or decree against the
losing party; and before the accounts of the United States
marshals, district attorneys, and clerks are presented to the
accounting officers of the Tieasury Department for settle-
ment, they shall be examined and certified to by the judge
of the court in which the services were rendered; and
such examination and certificate shall be conclusive, and
shall not be subject to revision upon the merits by the said
accounting officers: Provided, That if it shall appear to
said accounting officers that any charges so certified are
not wan anted bylaw, itshall be their duty to presenttothe
jud*e granting said certificat© a written statement showing
the items so deemed illegal, with the grounds of the objec-
tions to their allowance; and it shall then be duty ot the
judge to examine and decide upon the objections eo made,
and his decision thereupon shall be reported to the said
accounting officers, and shall be final and conclusive; and
the charges to which objections were made shall be allowed
or disallowed, in confonnity with the judge's decision so
rendered; and the accounts of the commissioners of the
United States circuit courts shall be examined and certified
by the circuit judge, and revised by him on any objections
made by the accounting officers in the same manner as
above provided; and the decision of said circuit judge shall
be final and conclusive on said objections, and the charges
claimed in said accounts shall be allowed or disallowed in
conformity with such decision.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of
service of counsel, rendeied at the request of the head of a
Department by virtue of existing laws, the compensation to
he allowed for such services shall he stipulated and agreed
on in advance of their rendition; in default of which stip-
ulation no compensation shall be paid.
Sec. 7. And bcit further enacted, That, in all settlements
of accounts for fees, emoluments, and allowances of clerks,
marshals, and other officers of the courts of the United
States, the accounting officers of the Treasury shall not hold
said officers liable to account for any fees or charges not
actually collected by them from the parties liable therefor,
whenever the failure to make such collection thall be shown
to result from the insolvency of the paities liable therefor;
and the affidavit of the officer charged with the collection,
that he has in vain used due diligence to collect said fees,
accompanied by a certificate of the district attorney, that
the money cannot, by due diligence, be collected from the
parties properly chargeable therewith, shall be held and
deemed sufficient proof for the allowance to said officers of
all fees and charges not actually collected by them, in all
settlements of the emolument accounts of said officers here-
tofore rendered, or hereafter to be rendered by them under
the provisions of the said third section of the act of 26th
February, 1853.
Sec. 8. And beit further enacted, That all the provisions
of this act shall applv to the marshal, district attorney, and
clerks of the circuit, district, and criminal courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, except the third,sectio"af®rf^Ji^!,?Ji
shall not be applicable to said desks; and said clerks shall
continue to render their emolument accounts, and remain
subject to the provisions of said third section of the act of
26tli February, 1853.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatall laws and parts
of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing; to the amendments reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary. Shall the ques-
be taken on the amendments separately, or in the
whole ? [* * A11 together."]
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken, I wish
the Senator who reported the b^l would state to
the Senate the reason for the amendment proposed
to the end of the first section.
The Secretary read the amendment referred to,
as follows:
And it shall be no longer necessary for any district at-
torney to render accounts of fees and emoluments, nor to
pay into the Treasury any surplus of the fees and emolu-
ments received by him as heretofore required by the third
section of the act of 26th February, J 853.—10 Statutes at
Large, page 165.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the prin-
ciple upon which that is inserted in the bill is
very simple. By the law as it now stands, every
district attorney of the United States has to come
here and settle the emolument accounts with the
officers of the Treasury, and if his fees and emol-
uments from all sources exceed a certain amount,
he has to pay the surplus into the Treasury.
The operation of that system has been such that
it is hardly possible to get gentlemen of sufficient
capacity ana standing to accept the office of dis-
trict attorney. They are thrown into constant
trouble with the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury for items of five and ten, and two and three
dollars. They are brought here, and spend weeks
in settling their accounts; and after all, with a
corps of officers in the Treasury Department
whose whole business it is to keep an account
with every district attorney in the United States,
there are but some three or four, or five at the
most, whose emoluments do exceed the limit al-
lowed by law, and what is saved by getting their
surplus into the Treasury does not pay for the
cost of keeping up this corps of clerks.
Besides that, this limitation does not act except
in some two or three districts in the United
States, and thatm districts where business is very
heavy, where the grade of professional capacity
required is very high, and where the Government
ought to have the very best talent in the country
to defend its interests. In New York, I think the
emolument would go somewhat—not much; very
little—beyond the "limit allowed by the law. In
New Orleans, I think it would not reach it. In
Boston it would not reach it. In San Francisco it
might. There are some two or three officers who
occasionally have to pay a surplus int« the Treas-
ury—really nothing worth mentioning; but m
order to get that surplus we have to keep up a
corps of clerks in the Dcpaitment, and bother
every district attorney in the United States to ren-
der an emolument account to the Department, and
enter on a correspondence with the Department
about every item in the emolument account that
he has received during the year. There is nothing
to be gained by it. It is an odious, oppressive,
and disagreeble system upon the officers, and
amounts to nothing, so far as the Government
is concerned. For that reason, we propose to
abolish it.
Mr. HALE. I do not think the Government
has found any difficulty in getting district attor-
neys, even in the districts mentioned by the hon-
orable Senator, and I think this is a wholesome
restraint. This act was passed in consequence of
the enormous fees that were received by some
district attorneys prior to its passage. I think it
will be found by the return which was required to
be made, that the district attorney of the southerii
district of New York received #50,000 a year.
That will appear by the returns now on file m the
archives of this Government. I do not know
how it was with others. I apprehend it will be
found that in other districts they were higher,
even than they were 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly,
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no doubt there was
a very great abuse prior to the act of 1853, anu
that arose from the fees as they existed prior to
that act; but that act reduced the fees and emolu-
ments to such an extent that since then, on the
emolument accounts being rendered, it is found
the district attorneys are very inadequately paid;
so much so, that in numerous instances there havei
been constant offers to resign their positions; arid
in many districts of the United States—some in
my section of the country—we cannot get the first
talent of the bar to accept the office at .all. Two
or three cases against the Government give am
attorney more than the district attorney of the
United States gets for his-whole year's service.
The act of 1853 was aimed at the previously ex-
isting abuse under the law, as it stood prior to
1853. Then very heavy claims were accumula-
ted against the Government; but since 1853, with
these emolument returns now made, it is found
that there is nothing really worth accountability
at the Treasury. The fees were so reduced, by
the act of 1853, as to cut off a serious abuse.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if that has been
the effect  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
call up the special order at this time, the morning
hour having expired.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senate to let
this bill go on for half an hour. I think we can
get through the bill without any difficulty in that
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana moves to postpone the consider-
ation of the special order for half an hour, in or-
der to proceed with this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator be so kind as
to state, for the information of the Senate, what
is the maximum now ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think it is |6,000. It
has reached that in one or two districts in the
United States.
Mr. HALE. Take this restriction away and
it will be $60,000; not immediately, but it was
$60,000 before the act of 1853 was passed.
Mr BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, the act of 1853 cut down all the fees, and it
is impossible now that they can go beyond a very
moderate sum under the fees as now established
by law. It was owing to the previous rate of
fees that the abuse existed.
Mr. HALE. I know something about the prac-
tice in that matter as to these fees, ido not know
how it is with district attorneys, but I ,know how
it is with clerks. They generally charge about
two hundred percent, over and above the statute
fees. That has been my experience when I have
had anything to do with them, and I have had
something. I say, as a fact, that in some of the
offices the irregular charges they make, under va-
rious pretenses, are at least two hundred per cent,
ever the statute fees. If the maximum is not large
enough, let it be raised; but I think it is well to
keep some sort of restraint over these officers. I
think it is well that these returns should be made,
and that it is not wise to take off this restriction.
But I am not going to take up the time of the
Senate. I am opposed to that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask that the question be taken on that amend-
ment separately ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on agreeing to that amendment, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. I believe the same provision is
made in regard to the clerks and marshals. I ask
the Senator from Louisiana whether the same
provision is not made in relation to the clerks
and marshals ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In relation to the clerks,
yes; in relation to the marshals, no. The dis-
tinction was established m the Committee on the
Judiciary for this reason; marshals can create
business for themselves and the court, and can
run up fees to any amount; but clerks and dis-
trict attorneys have no such power. They can-
not create criminal business. They cannot run
up fees. There is no liability to abuse in relation
to those offices in running up fees. _
Mr. HALE. I think there must be a higher
standard of morality amongst Federal officers m
Louisiana than in New England, if the Senator
thinks so. '
My. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire permit me to interrupt him for a sin-
gle moment?
