1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I do not pre-
tend to claim for the Federal officers of Louisiana
any higher standard of morality than that which
exists m other States; but I can state a fact that
may appear strange to the Senator from Hew
Hampshire, but which nevertheless is perfectly
true: that two district attorneys have resigned
because the compensation was utterly insufficient.
It is with difficulty that persons can be found to
fill the.oifice of marshal m Louisiana. There is
no competition for it. I can assure him, from my
own knowledge, that the standard of the present
rate of compensation is utterly insufficient to se-
cure, the best talent of the State as district attor-
neys, and is not sufficient to create any compe-
tition for the offices of clerk and marshal. With
the clerk Et may be different, but it is certainly so
with, regard to the marshal. I think two dis-
trict attorneys have resigned in the western dis-
trict of Louisiana, and two in the eastern.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know, but if X remember
right, a return was made by the Secretary of the
Interior that one of those districts in the State of
Louisiana has no business at all, or-next to none;
and the law establishing it ought to be repealed,
and ought to have been repealed long ago by Con-
gress. According to the return made by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, I think it is shown that
there is literally no business at all in the district.
I do not allude, of course, to the district in which
New Orleans is included, but to the other district
of Louisiana.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the fact.
Mr. HALE. But there are abuses existing.
I think there is an honorable memberof this body,
now a member of this Senate, that lia3 received
more than fifty thousand dollars, or more than
seventy-five thousand dollars, in a single year, for
his services as marshal. More than fifty thousand
dollars have been received by an attorney.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana thinks
that there is no abuse in the clerks' offices, and
that there ought to be no limitation there. Let
me tell him a case that was here some years ago,
and excited some considerable interest before the
Judiciary Committee. It was a case in one of
the districts where, I think, there were eight or
nine prisoners indicted, and one of them was
tried. It was a pretty long trial, and a number of
witnesses wore examined, and the bill of costs
run up, I do not know how much, but some
thousand dollars; and, by some means or other,
that separate bill of costs was taxed in each of
the nine individual eases, if 1 have the number
right, and multiplied by nine, and was sent here
to Washington; but through the vigilance of Mr.
Whittlesey, who was then PirstComptrollerof the
Treasury, I believe the money was stopped. The
Senator from Louisiana is mistaken if he thinks
it will be wise and prudent to take off this restric-
tion at the present time. There were very great
abuses before the act was passed, and it has been
healthy and salutary in restraining and prevent-
ing them; and 1 think it is wise to keep it.
Of course there may be some instances where
it is not easy to procure district attorneys; but,
sir, it was not the case in New York. It has not
been the case in New York since I have known
anything about it. The last incumbent was a
gentleman of the very highest reputation as a law-
yer; and it was a matter of such interest to him
to get it, that it was a subject of some controversy
whether the Senate would confirm him. His suc-
cessor—the presen t incumbent—is certainly a gen-
tleman of the very highest legal talent and integ-
rity—Judge Roosevelt. Judge Parker was first
appointed, but he would not take it and leave
Albany, where he had a more lucrative practice,
and go down to New York. In Boston, the office
was held some time by a very distinguished gen-
tleman—the author of the Democratic platform
ever since they had Democratic conventions. Mr.
Hallett held it for several years, and it did not go
out of his hand because he did not want to keep
it any longer; but he left it, and is rather now
considered by his friends as a living monument
that republics are sometimes ungrateful; and the
office is holden by a son of the late Judge Wood-
bury. These offices do not go a begging either
in New York, or Boston,orelsewhere, so faras I
know. The state of things to which I have alluded
did exist before this law was passed, and therefore
I am in favor of retaining it, even if it costssome-
thing to keep it up. 1 will not detain the Senate;
but I want the same exception made in regard to
the clerks as the attorneys.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator, I imagine,
has not read the bill through. He will find that
all the observations, nearly every word he uttered,
are not applicable to the bill at all. The bill pro-
vides an entirely new system for the clerk. It
goes upon a theory that is entirely foreign to
everything the Senator has said. The bill in re-
lation to the clerk proceeds upon the theory that
the Government is not to make revenue out of
the litigation of ifis citizens; that the clerk is to
render no account to the Government for what
he does in the litigation between private individ-
uals; that the Government is to pay the clerk a
fixed, moderate sum for each case that the Gov-
ernment brings, and have nothing further to do
with his accounts; and that sum is ten dollars in
each case brought by the Government. It cuts
off at once at the root every possibility of abuse,
and, in our opinion, destroys what is a vicious
principle—an attempt on the part of the Govern-
ment to raise a revenue out of litigation among
its citizens.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment, which has
been read by the Secretary.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the other amendments reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, unless a sep-
arate vote is called for.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have an amendment to
offer. Inline seven, of section two, after the words
" each case,*' I wish to insert:
And it shall be the duty of the clerk to furnish to eneh
person accused of crime, the punishment of which is im-
prisonment, with a copy of tile indictment or information,
at least two days betore lie shall be required to plead.
i will explain in a momentthe occasion for this
amendment. In the sixth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution, it is provided that "in
all criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy
the right of trial by jury," &c., and shall have
the right, among other things, " to be informed
of the nature ana cause of the accusation." To
my mind, there is no practical method in which a
man can be informed of the nature of the accusa-
tion against him, but by furnishing him with a
copy of the indictment or information. At pres-
ent, the statute of the United States only requires
copies to be furnished in cases of treason and cap-
ital cases. But this article of the Constitution as
much provuh s that a man shall be informed of the
accusation against him, in all cases of crime, as
in these highest cases of crime. Within a year
past, or a little over a year, I knew an indictment
to be filed in the State in which I live, in the dis-
trict court of the United States, in which there
were sixty-seven counts. It was an offense punish-
able by imprisonment. The counsel for the de-
fendant, in order to be informed of the nature of
the accusation, so that they might prepare some
defense, applied for a copy of the indictment, and
the court decided that inasmuch as thestatute had
provided for furnishing copies in cases of treason
and capital cases, it was equivalent to a prohibi-
tion or denial of the right to furnish a copy in any
other case, unless the man could buy it of the
clerk. He was not able to buy it. The result
was that he had to go to trial on an indictment of
that kind, which his counsel could not understand
anything about, not having had a copy of it, and
he was compelled to go to trial without being fur-
nished with any copy of his indictment. I do
not believe there is a State in this Union thatputs
its criminals to trial without furnishing them with
a copy of the information or indictment against
them. It certainly is as much within the require-
ment of the Constitution to furnish a copy in all
cases as in a case of treason; I have, therefore,
presented this amendment, and I hardly think it
will be objected to by any gentleman. I am sure it
will not be by any member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I at one time reported a bill for this ob-
ject, with other matters, which we neverreached,
and, by consent, I now desira that it may be in-
serted here as an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
■ Mr. BENJAMIN. In the first section of the bill,
in line thirteen, the word " information" ought
to be changed to " complaints," so that it will
read: "for drawing indictments on criminal com-
plaints. "j*Jt originally read, "indictments on
criminal information.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the fourth line of the
seventh section, I move to insert, after the words
"United States," the words, "and of the District
of Columbia." I am told that the Treasury De-
partment here do not consider laws applicable to
the courts of the United States, as including the
courts of the District of Columbia, and it is there-
fore necessary to make this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the fifteenth line of the
same section, after the word " settlements" I
move to insert the words " made or to be made."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is one more amend-
ment in reference to the District of Columbia.
Theclerkof the circuit court, by law,is also clerk
of the criminal court of the District of Columbia,
and is obliged to do duties in the two courts. The
restriction on the emoluments of the clerks of the
District of Columbia remains, because their busi-
ness is almost entirely with the Government. The
suits are by hundreds here, and there is a neces-
sity for a restriction in the District where their
duties concern but very little litigation between
citizens. There is but very little litigation in the
District between citizens. The limitation re-
mains ; but at the Treasury Department, although
the clerk of the circuit court is also clerk of the
criminal court, and compelled to do duties and
have deputies in both courts, they allow him to
reach only $3,000 for his entire services in both
courts. I propose, therefore, in order to obviate
that restriction, to make an addition at the end of
the eighth section, in these words:
But the clerk of said criminal court shall be credited in
his account, out of the fees collected by him or due to him
by the Government, a salary not exceeding $9,500 per an-
num, for his services as such elerk.
Gentlemen will see that it is to be retained out
of his fees.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator who
reported this bill a question., I recollect that, a
few years ago, the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] stated what I thought then was a mon-
strous abuse in regard to the practice of the clerks
of the courts in this District. He stated as a fact
at that time, if I recollect rightly, that the Gov-
ernment paid the whole fees of every suitor that
came into court; and then he collected them, if he
thoughtpropcr,and credited the Government with
what he collected; and no matter what suit was
instituted by the court, the Government paid all
the bills of the court. Is that so ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think not.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to inform the gen-
tleman that it is not so; and that the real action of
the accounting officers of the Government in re-
gard to this gentleman is the most extraordinary
and most oppressive I ever heard of, in regard to
any individual or officer whatsoever. They not
only do not pay him, but he has to do everything
in support of the office without a dollar from this
Government. He has not received a dollar since
1855. The business of this office is just like that
of all other offices of the sort in Maryland. All
plaintiffs' fees are charged to the plaintiff; all de-
fendants ' fees are charged to the defendant. In
criminal prosecutions, the United States, being
the prosecutor, is the plaintiff, and is charged with
all the fees properly chargeable on that side of
the docket; but he is required, by the construc-
tion given to the acts of Congress heretofore
passed, to keep an account of all these fees, and
to pay over to the United States all the fees re-
ceived by him which are left after satisfying the
demands for the support of the office, clerk hire,
&c. He has been allowed no salary as clerk of
that court at all, although the act creating it en-
titles him to receive the same fees and emoluments
that he received for that sort of business when it
belonged to the jurisdiction of the circuit court.
By the construction given to the acts of Congress
he is held to have been brought within the prin-
ciples of the act of 1853, although expressly-
excluded by the action of this body. That bill
was confined to the courts in the several States
of the Union, and that language in it was used
for the purpose of excluding his court; yet he ia
