2116
TBfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
The .CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
moved an amendment, and the gentleman from
Missouri, instead of moving his amendment as an
amendment to that amendment, moved to strike
out the word "actual," and instead of dealing
with the steamboat service, he has gone off on the
land service.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. This does not refer
to steamboat service.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman's
amendment does.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. It refers to all ser-
vice.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Lot the Clerk read
the amendment.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. It refer to steam-
boat, mule, coach, and all kinds of service. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been exhausted
on the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not oppose
the amendment. I find that I have been under a
misapprehension.
Mr. BURNETT. I have only a word or two
to say. My friend from Missouri has made a first
rate speech, in advocacy of a private bill that I
suppose will be soon brought before this House,
praying for relief. He has not touched the point
at issue between the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads and myself.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. What private bill
does the gentleman refer to ?
Mr. BURNETT. That man Roberts's claim,
which has been before the gentleman's committee.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. It has not been be-
fore the committee, except as it is provided in this
bill. I tell the gentleman that it will not be brought
before the House in a private bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I will put a case, and the gen-
tleman, the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, can say whether this
amendment will cover it or not. Take the Ohio
river. A line of steamboats has been running daily
from Louisville to Cairo. Suppose that the Post-
master General, in the exercise of a sound discre-
tion, reduced that line from a daily to a tn-weekly
service. Let us imagine that $150,000 was paid
per annum for the daily service, and that he re-
duced the pay pro ruta. Suppose that, notwith-
standing that reduction from daily to tri-weekly
service, the companycontinued to run their bouts
over the same line every day in the pursuit of
commerce, and to carry passengers: does not this
amendment provide that those daily trips shall
be paid for? Does not Jhe amendment cover that,
case ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BURNETT. I want the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
answer.
Mr. COLFAX. When the gentleman has con-
cluded his remarks, I will respond to what he has
to say.
Mr. BURNETT. I say that this amendment
will cover those six trips a week. The substi-
tution of the word trip for scrvice will cover the
case I have supposed, and that under it the com-
pany can draw pay for the daily service. There
are such cases. There have been contracts made
with the owners of boats upon the western waters
for so much daily service; and that service has
been reduced to tri-weekly service by the Post-
master General; and yet, although the'boats may
have made the daily trips without carrying the
mails, yet, under this amendment, they can draw
for those daily trips. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
tell this House whether he intended to cover such
cases? My friend from Missouri was kind enough
to say that, if such a case existed, he would make
an amendment for its exclusion Now, I do not
understand the Post Office system of this coun-
try in all its extensive ramifications; but I do
understand a plain proposition, where it is pro-
posed to pay for trips whether the mails were par-
ried or not,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to put a question to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky- Take this line from Louisville to Cairo.
Suppose that in 1858 the Postmaster General had
made a contract with that steamboat company to
carry the mail from Louisville to Cairo at a given
sum per year, and that that company had gone
on and at an expense of half a million provided
boats for performing the service, and that then
the Postmaster General abrogated the contract
with the company entirely: in such a case, sir,
where boats and all other appliances were ex-
pressly provided for carrying the mails, would it
not be proper that indemnity should be made,
if notice were given to the Postmaster General
that the trips would be made, and that the boats
would be ready to carry the mails?
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has put an
extreme case. In that case a question would be
left open for the liquidation of damages between
the Government and the contractors. When the
contractors go into the Post Office they make a
written contract. It takes two parties to make a
contract. The Government is one in this case,
and the contractors are the other. Those con-
tractors agree in writing to confer upon the Post-
master General the power to discontinue this ser-
vice or to reduce it. They enter into the service
with a full knowledge of the power they have
conferred upon the Postmaster General? and when
he has exercised that power, these parties are
estopped from complaint.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BURNETT. We have been here six
hours; and I now move that the committee rise.
Mr. COLFAX. It is rather sharp practice,
after the gentleman from Kentucky has made his
speech propounding questions to* me, to move
that the committee rise.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the motion, so
that the gentleman can reply if he will.
Mr. COLFAX. I move pro forma, after the
word "contractor," to insert these words: "or
contractors."
Mr.Chairman, previous to 1836, the Postmasters
General of the United States were in the habit of
allowing large amounts to contractors as extra
pay. Congress in that year deemed it necessary
to reorganize the whole Department. A compre-
hensive law was passed in July, 1836, (the most
comprehensive ill regard to the Post Office Depart-
ment ever enacted,) which has been referred to
by my colleague on the Committee on the Post
Office an'd Post Roads, [Mr. Craig.] It was
declared in that act that no Postmaster General
should be authorized to pay for extra service to
any contractor without a record having been made
upon the books in the Department that such extra
service had been performed, and that even then it
should not exceed a pro rata amount. And then,
sir, they added a provision to that very section,
couched in as strong and imperative words as the
English language could afford, to the effect—after
providing that there shall be no increase of pay
without increase of service rendered—that, when-
ever it shall become necessary to change the terms
of any existing contract in any other manner than
that provided therein, to wit: by increasing both
the pay and the service, he shall only do it by ad-
vertising four weeks, and reletting it under the
advertisement. That can mean nothing else, and
it was certainly not intended to mean anything
else, than that the Postmaster General may in-
crease the service by increasing the pay; but that,
if he desires to change it in any other way, by
curtailment of distance or of trips, he must re-
advertise it, and thus again open it to competition.
It was intended, if the English language means
anything, to prevent the Postmaster General from
curtailingcontracts, except by reletting them. But
the Postmaster General of that year, Mr. Barry,
continued m operation the old form of contracts,
which were prepared under the previously exist-
ing law, and which reserved to the Postmaster
General the power to annul and curtail the con-
tracts. He did it, and I have no hesitation in
saying that, in the very teeth of this law, it has
been continued until the present time. Submis-
sion to it has given it its authority. If a con-
tractor puts in a successful bid, he cannot make
the Postmaster General give him a contract under
this construction of the law, and he is compelled
to sign a contract which is not according to the
law, or the Postmaster General refuses to give
him the contract. If Congress now, on the first
occasion presented to it, affirms this construction
of the law, they will virtually repeal the proviso
to which I allude, and'thus confirm to the Post-
master General the unlimited power which the
act of 1836 intended to restrain.
When the Post Office bill failed last session, the
Postmaster General commenced striking down
the service all over the country. I would be the
last member hereto impugn his motives or asperse
his conduct; but he evidently thought it a great
measure of retrenchment and reform, and I wish
to putthis prediction upon the official record of the
House, that unless we pass some such a measure
as this, the amount of damages which we will pay
to the contractors, who will claim it at our hands
under the act of 1856, will exceed the amount
which he claims to have saved by abrogating and
curtailing the contracts of the mail contractors.
It was for the purpose of warding off those
claims for damages that we desire to put the ser-
vice back where it was on the 4th of March, 1859.
It was that we might prevent those contractors—
who, having their horses, coaches, drivers, and
stations, and all the expenses of the contract upon
their hands, had gone on doing their service ex-
actly as they had contracted, despite the order of
curtailment; that is, daily, when they were cut
down to tri-weekly; or semi-weekly, when cut
down to weekly—from coming to Congress, as
they have already come to Congress for damages,
that we desire to put them where they were on
the 4th of March, 1859.
But the Postmaster General has curtailed many
contracts for reasons not justified, in my opinion,
even by the stipulations of the contracts which
contractors are compelled to sign by the Depart-
ment; for while they specify that he may enlarge
or curtail the service as the public interests may
require—and this, if words mean anything, must
mean that a contractor can rely that his contract
will not be impaired unless his route proves use-
less, or less necessary to the public than when he
took it—he has gone on and made changes, not
upon that ground, but upon the ground that there
was no money to pay for the service; and while
thus curtailing, he has razeed the pay just as he
saw fit in his discretion. In some cases, where
he reduces the service fifty per cent., he cuts down
the compensation one third; in other cases the
reduction of service and pay were exactly propor-
tionate; and in other instances, which were al-
luded to by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Craig,] where ho has cut down the compensation
one half, he actually increased the expenses of
performing the service, in consequence of the con-
tractors being obliged to keep double the number
of horses, coaches, and drivers; one stage being
sufficient to take the mail out weekly, but two
stages being necessary, to go through together,
when the service was curtailed to semi-monthly;
and the mail matter was doubled every trip. That
is on the route from St. Joseph to Salt Lake.
The object of the committee was to restore the
postal service to where it was in 1849, on the
4th of March. If the reason he gave many con-
tractors for curtailing the contracts—namely, the
failure of the appropriation bill—was a just one,
then he ought to have annulled all the mail service
of the country, having no more money at his dis-
posal for one route than he had for another. As
no money was appropriated at all for postal
se.rvice, he should not have made fish of one con-
tractor and flesh of another, continuing a part
and discontinuing the rest, when there was as
raui h money for one route as for another. Espe-
cially those who were willing to go on with the
service on credit, and so notified him, assuming
themselves the risk of Congress paying them,
ought not to have been discontinued, as they were,
on the ground of lack of funds, while otlieis were
suffered to go on with their contracts.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
men from Indiana if the amendment which is now
proposed will cover the case of steamboats and
railroads that have carried the mails only tri-week-
ly or semi-weekly, where the original contract
was for daily mails, and whether it will give them
the same pay as if they had carried the mails daily ?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir. In all such cases
that I know of, they appealed to be allowed to
carry the mails exactly as they had contracted,
and to wait till Congress paid them, but they were
refused.
