1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8061;
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a single remark to
make. I do not mean to continue the discussion
further. I venture the prediction that if you pass
the substitute of the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, whoever becomes contractor under it, if
not the first time, inevitably at some future time,
will cither be the editor of a paper or connected
with a paper, or have control of a,paper; and fur-
ther, you will find that the two Houses of Con-
gress will order extra copies. They will put an
appropriation for them in an appropriation bill,
and it will be passed in that way; and you will
find that it operates as no restriction at all, and
the very thing I mentioned will occur.
Mr. GREEN. My recollection of the public
printing is directly against the contract system.
When I first came into the other House of Con-
gress the system prevailed that now does—that
is, eacli House elected its Printer. The expend-
itures ran up so high that my old friend from
North Carolina, General McKay, though the could
reform the subject. He took it 111 hand, and pro-
posed the contract system. It was passed by
Congress. The contract system was tested. The
first year the rates were greatly reduced by com-
petition, and the old general (for ] boarded at the j
same house with him) remarked to me,"Look
howadmirably the system works." At the term-
ination of that Congress, however, in came a peti-
tion for relief. " I have lost money by the con-
tract" was the cry of the petitioner; and Congress
granted the relief, and gave him a bonus. And
another time a similar process was gone through,
in each instance, if he made a large profit, he kept
the profit and put it in his pocket. If he lost
anything, ho said: " I unfortunately lost, and
surely the Government does not want me to do
. work for them and lose money in the perform-
ance;" and the appeal always met with a response
from Congress, and they made up what was called
a deficiency. It results so in every case. Con-
gress was "forced then to make another change.
Pfotouly was the work badly executed, not only
was the paper inferior, not only was the binding
bad, but if he made money he kept it; if he sank
money, he called on us to refund, and to add to
his profits. 1 know this was the ease.
Again, sir, when the next change was made,
Congress took it in hand to fix the prices of print-
ing. and to elect a Printer, to prevent any frauds.
That is the system which now prevails. The
priccs arc all fixed by law; and the party having
a majority in the respective Houses of Congress
elect their party friends to do the work. The
work is done. The prices are fixed. They may
be too high; but here permit me to make this re-
maik: at the time these prices were fixed they
were believed to be just and fair, but unproved
processes and improved machinery have now
enabled them to do the printing much chcaper
than it could have been done at that time.
Again, sir, under the contract system it is un-
certain how much is to done; for while the amend-
ment limits it to fifteen hundred-and-odd copies of
each pat ticular document required to be printed,
yet, as the Senator from Delaware remarked, joint
resolutions may oidor more to be printed; and if
that is m the contiact, well and good; if it is not
in the contract, the contractor will charge his own |
pricc, unless you fix the price when each joint j
resolution is passed. Nor knowing how much |
may be ordered, he bids in the dark and strikes i
with uncertainty. All sensible business men rely j
on certainties; and when it is uncertain how much j
work is to be done, and when the profits depend 1
upon tin; quantity of work to be done, they must
put the rates higher than if they knew precisely
what was to be done.
The Senator from Mississippi says we pursue
the contract system in purchasing supplies for the
Army end Navv. Th.it is true. Who would
hare the Government buy n farm to raise corn
and beans, to fatten pork and beef cattle, and a
sugar plantation m the South for sugar and mo-
lasses, and go to Syracuse to make salt? Nobody
would have this done. These things are imprac-
ticable and impossible. But how do you make
your muskets and your rifles and your cannon?
How do you build your ships of war? By Gov-
ernment employment; not by contract. Some
two oi three ships have been built by contract;
but the common system is, to erect your own
navy-yards, put them under your own superin-
tendence, and conduct them in your own manner.
You manufacture your muskcis, and you will not
even permit a civil superintendent to take chaige
of that business; you must have an officer of the
Army—one attached to the Government. If it
be proper in a case where you can apply it, that
the Government shall do its own work with its
own agents and its own officers, this is one of
that character. It is located at a single point. It
is to do a specific thing. We simply pay the sal-
aries, and there can be no profit to anybody. The
Government pays just exactly the labor that is
peiformed; but for nothing else except the super-
intendence. it looks to me to be a simple, fair
process; and as both the other plans have signally
failed, this can do no more than fail; butl believe
it will succeed in an eminent degree.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Missouri
is in error in his recollection. He says the first
year the contractors came to Congress and asked
for an allowance and received it. That was not so.
Mr. GREEN. I know that two came.
Mr. CAMERON. They came, but they got
nothing, Mr. Wendell was the fiist contractor.
Mr. GREfSN. I3e applied for relief.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes. 1 was chairman of the
Committee on Printing then, and I resisted it. 1
showed the Senate that the price was sufficient.
I showed,also,that we had saved several hundred
thousand dollars by the contract, and that it could
be carried on faithfully. Subsequent to that, as
I said befoie, the work was taken for a still less
pricc than Mr. Wendell had been receiving, and
the man, 1 know, made money out of that. 1 have
only to repeat that I have satisfied myself from
experience that the contract system can be car-
ried out in printing as well as in anything else. 1
would extend it to the building of ships and all
the other wants of the Government. There is no
reason why we could not have our ships built by
contiact, as well as have them done at the navy-
yards. I know that in various eases, indeed m
almost eveiy ease, the machinery for your great
war steamers has been made by contract; and it
has always been built cheaper, and as well us, if
not better, than when builr by the Government
itself. I would extend the principle to them,but
it is not in order to propose that now.
There are many objections to the system of a
public printing otfic,to which 1 have referred on
other occasions. The substitute of the Senator
from Mississippi obviates many of them. He
brings into competition all the printers of the
neighborhood, the men with small printing of-
fices. Any printer of the city of Washington,
the city of Baltimore, and even the city of Phila-
delphia, by improved conveyances of express and
railroads, can become a contractor, under his hill,
to execute the public printing,and furnish it here.
It is a most valuable feature m the proposition.
We do away with all this intrigue about the Cap-
itol. We should have had none of the sweating
of Mr. Wendell that he had purchased \anous
individuals around hete, at the instance of the
President of the United States, if this proposition
had been in force in regard to the public printing.
Wc should not have heard of men making two
or tlnce hundred thousand dollars a year out of
a single job, and using the money m corruption.
1 desire to get clear of all that; and 1 am satisfied,
as 1 have said repeatedly, that wc can carry this
system out without any difficulty at all, and save
hundreds of thousands of dollars every year.
• Mr. FITCH. If there is a desire on the part
of any Senator to continue this debate in opposi-
tion to the report of the majority of the commit-
tee I shall defer what further remarks T intend
to make in answer to the Senator from Missis-
sippi until it be the pleasure of whosoever desires
to continue the debate to conclude what he may j
have to say. If there is a general understanding ]
that the debate is terminated, I desire to answer j
a few of that Senator's objections to the majority |
proposition. I
I lemarked before that I would not speak at
that time of the details of his amendment. By
discussing, as the Senator has seen proper to do,
and as was perfectly right, its merits, and. pre-
senting them as 1 suppose no one except himself,
perhaps, in this body is so well able to present
them, in the best light in which they can be pre-
sented, he forces me to speak of its defects. By
it he proposes to divide the printing* into ten arbi-
trary classes, and to have a separate bid for each
one. The result will be, if they are not all taken
by the same individual—and they would not be,
undoubtedly, because the bids would so vary that
the several classes would be awarded to different
bidders—there would be constant difficulties oc-
curring betweeu the contractors and the commit-
tee and the Senate and the House in relation to;
that division. One would, claim piinting as be-
longing to his class, which another would insist
belonged to his. That is one objection; but it is.
a minor one—one of detail.
My principal objection is to the system in toto.
It has failed heretofore. The reasoning of the
Senator from Georgia involves a singular para-
dox. He says the contract system failed because
it was a success. It failed by combinations among
bidders, or by contracts being taken at a rate so
ruinously low that the bidders were compelled, in
order to save themselves from insolvency, to come
humbly petitioning Congress for relief, which, in
one or two instances, they obtained to a very large
amount. Well, sir, human nature has not under-
gone any very great change since. The same
combinations would be made, the same system"of
corruption would soon be manifest under a return
to the contract system.
One objection which is made to the bill of the
majority of, the committee is, that it creates new
offices. Such objection finds no warrant in the
bill. It creates no new office; it creates no bu-
reau, unless you call the present superintendence
with its three clcrks a bureau. We give the
Superintendent no additional clerical force; we add
nothing to the force in his office. Wc simply
compel a foreman of printing and a foreman of
binding to repbrt directly to him, and we pay
them, instead of the Printer paying them.
It has been said that it would require an hon-
est officer to execute the law under the provisions
of the majority bill. We presume that the offi-
cers of the Government arc all honest, although
1 grant you that in many instances it is a violent
presumption; but if you were to assume the con-
trary, there are infinitely greater facilities for suc-
cessful dishonesty under the contract system than
anywhere else, and especially under the system
of the. Senator from Mississippi; for the several
bidders for the work under his several classes,
and sub-printers under them, if they took the
contracts at a low price, would be constantly
approaching the Superintendent with pecuniary
offers, direct or indirect, for the purpose of in-
ducing him to pass inferior work through his
hands; and we do not often know, from our.own
inspection, what the character of the work is in
our extra numbers. If the assurance given us
by the honesty of the officer is taken away, we
cannot know what the, character of the extra
numbers of any work we may order to be printed
may be. The ordinary numbers may be well
executed, but wc have no assurance that the
Printer will not retain the Government paper in
his own hands, and substitute an inferior qual-
ity for the extra numbers, and we shall never
learn the difference until we reach those constit-
uents to whom we have sent this inferior paper
and work; for the numbers are sent to us folded,
and we do not see them until wc see them in. the
hands of our constituents.
One bidder, under any contract system, can
easily buy off another. Combinations among
bidders are well known and well understood, and
especially in the business of printing for Govern-
ment. Combinations are made by which the
highest price at which the work can be taken, is
the lowest pricc bid. and several constituting the.
combination participate more or less in the profits.
We have an instance of the working in other re-
spects of the contract system in a recent case. J,t
will be remembered that, during this session, wp
changed thekuvfor printing the PostOifice blanks,
and ordered them to be let to the lowest bidder.
The contract system, as thus applied to the Post
Office blanks, is in process of failure. It seems,
that the postmasters at St. Louis, and other im-
portant points, returned the Post Office blanks
printed under that system to the General Post
Office Department, refusing to accept them; and
some of them are now lying m my drawer, thus
rejected, and the postmasters have ordered the
printing on their own responsibility m their own
immediate vicinity. The postmasteis'names were
wrongly spelt, and the headings wrong; yet, un-
der the new system, there is no check until the
blanks reach the several offices. Then, for the
