1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117$
not allowed any salary as clerk of the criminal
court at all, it being considered as a rib taken out
of the side of the circuit court of the U nitfcd States,
and he receives only such salary as he may earn
in the*circuit court of the United States. He gets
nothing for his services in the criminal court—not
a stiver—and the Government now holds him re-
sponsible, not only for the excess of fees which
he may receive over and above the expenses of
his office, but they hold him a guarantor of all
the fees, and say he is compelled to receive all
those fees in cash at the time they are earned—
a thing impossible, absurd, and contradicted by
all the experience and practice of the courts of
Maryland, from the earliest day down to this time.
A former Attorney General gave the opinion that
he was obliged to collect those fees in cash.
Now, sir, how is a clerk, whose fees are made
up of small sums, charged for every little service
in court, as entering a judgment, entering a mo-
tion, entering a continuance, to stop the progress
of the business of the court, when sometimes hun-
dreds of cases are called in a day? No court would
allow it. Nor is such the system that prevails in
Maryland, and prevails here, or did prevail here
until this monstrous construction prevented it.
Our practice in Maryland, from which the whole
practice of the courts in this District has been
borrowed, except as altered by acts of Congress,
is a credit system for fees. They are charged by
the clerk, and sent out once a year, or at certain
designated periods, and to be collected in Mary-
land by the sheriffs; here by the marshal. It has
now been declared, however, that the marshal is
not bound to collect'them, so that the clerk re-
ceives no fees in cash except such as parties are
willing to pay him; generally such as are for ser-
vices done out of court, and he is compelled to
make good to the United States all fees, whether
due by paupers, non-residents, insolvents, or
others—a course of injustice which I hope will be
removed by this bill.
The Senator has been misinformed. A great
deal has been said to the prejudice of this officer,
heretofore. I recollect my friend from Georgia
said he never had rendered his accounts as re-
quired by law. In order to meet that, I have in
my drawer an account of the receipts of the office,
as rendered by him in his accounts, regularly. I
hope there will be no objection to this, which is
really necessary for the very simplest purposes
of justice.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Mary-
land did not understand me as making any objec-
tion as to that.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not.
Mr. HALE. I referred to a remark made by
the Senator from Georgia three or four years ago;
and, if I recollect, he made the statement, in the
form I put it, as an interrogatory.
Mr. PEARCE. He was mistaken.
Mr. HALE. I do not know the clerk, and do
not know what his name is, and have never seen
him, and have no sort of knowledge upon the
matter. I simply put the inquiry for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill,as amended,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to record my vote
against the bill, and I ask for the yeas and nays
on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Cameron, Chandler, Chesnut, Clingman, Coliamer, Davis,
Fitch,Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Iverson, Lane, Latham,
Pearce, Powell, Rice, Slideli, Thomson, Wigfail, and Yulee
—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Clark, Dixon, Doolitrle, Dur-
fcee, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hunter, Johnson ot Tennessee, King, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Wade, and Wilkinson—18.
So the bill was passed
louisville and portland canal.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 6) authorizing the enlargement of, and
construction of a branch to, the Louisville and Port-
land canal. The joint resolution, as originally
introduced by Mr. Powell, authorized the pres-
ident and directors of the Louisville and Portland
Canal Company, with the revenues and credits of
the company, to enlarge the canal, and to construct
a branch canal from a suitable pointon the south
side of the present canal to a point in the Ohio
river, opposite Sand Island, sufficient to pass the
largest class of,steam vessels navigating the Ohio
river.
The Committee on Commerce reported the joint
resolution, with an amendment to insert at the end
of it, the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize
the said president and directors, directly or indirectly, to
use or pledge the faith or credit of the United States for the
said enlargement or construction. It hereby being ex-
pressly declared that tlie Government of the United States
shall not bo in any manner liable for said enlargement and
construction.
Mr. POWELL. I ask that the report of the
committee with reference to the resolution be
read.
Mr. WADE. I have just received some reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Ohio on the same
subject, which I ask may now be read.
■file Secretary read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
First, That the commercial interests ot the Ohio valley im-
peratively demand an enlargement and improvement of the
Louisville and Portland canal; and that the money already
invested in said canal by the United States Government is
ofiittle public benefit, until the works can be enlarged and
extended.
Second. That the Senators and Representatives from
Ohio in the Congress of the United States are earnestly re-
quested to procure an appropriation by said Congress ade-
quate to the exigency of Ihe case, and to adopt such meas-
ures as will insure a speedy enlargement aud completion of
said canal.
Third. That the Governor of Ohio is hereby requested to
forward a copy of these resolutions to the Senators and Rep-
resentatives from this State in the Congress of the United
States. RICHARD C. PARSONS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
KOBE11T C. KIRK,
President of the Senate.
Passed March 10, 1860.
Mr. WADE. The resolutions may as well lie
on the table, as the subject is reported upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the report called for by the Senator from
Kentucky.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Saulsbury on the 8th of March:
The Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
" bill in relation to the Louisville and Portland canal," and
also the "joint resolution authorizing the enlargement of,
and construction of a branch to, the Louisville and Port-
land canal," beg leave to report:
That said canal was constructed under a charier from the
State of Kentucky, granted in 1825, and completed in De-
cember, 1830, at a cost of $'1,019,277 09. That the capital
stock of said company is divided into ten thousand shares,
of$100 each. That the United States, by subscription, are
entitled to two thousand nine hundred and two of these
shares, which cost the Government the sum of $233,500.
That upon these shares the Government has received, as
dividends, the sum of $257,778, a sum greater than the ori-
ginal cost of the shares owned by it. By an act of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kentucky, passed in February, 1842,
the president and directors of said company were author-
ized to soil out the stock held by individuals to the United
States, the State of Kentucky, or the city of Louisville; or,
furthci, to appropriate the net income of the canal to the
purchase of stock belonging to individuals, instead of mak-
ing dividends therewith ; the shares so purchased to be held
in trust by said directors until the whole belonging to others
than the United States should be liquidated; and when all
the shares should be so purchased, the name should be
transferred to the United States, upon condition that the
Government should levy toils only sufficient to keep the
canal m icpairs and pay all necessary superintendence,
custody, and expenses, and make all necessary improve-
ments, so as to fully answer the purposes of its establish-
ment; and, further, to protect the interests ofcommeice.
The directors have, as it appears, under the authority of
said act, purchased, and now hold in trust, seven thousand
and ninety-three shares of the capital stock of said com-
pany, which, with the shares owned by the United States
and five shares held by the directors, Individually, com-
plete the full number of the shares in the capital stock of
the said company.
It appears to the committee that the «n?argGment of the
canal, and the construction of a branch thereof,as contem-
plated in the proposed joint resolution, would be of great
commercial advantage; and as the proposed improvement
will not, and cannot, under the amendment to said resolu-
tion which the committee propose, subject the General Gov-
ernment to any expenditure of money, or legal or equitable
liability on account thereof, the committee respectfully re-
port back said proposed joint resolution, with an amend-
ment, and recommend its adoption; and ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill referred to them
in referpnee to the same subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Commerce, to add
as a proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize
the said president and directors, diTectiy or indirectly, to
use or pledge the faith or credit of the United States for the
said enlargement or construction, it being hereby expressly
declared that the Government of the united States shall
not be in toy manner liable for said enlargement tad £ob-
struction. , , <-
The amendment was agreed to. ■' • ; -
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment to offer*
that i understand tvill not be objected io by the
gentleman having the resolution iri charge. It is
to insert, as a further proviso:
Provided, farther, That when said eanal is enlarged, Anil
the branch canal constructed, and the cost of said improve-
ments paid finf, no more tolls shall be collected than an
amount sufficient to keep the canal in repair and pay for
all necessary superintendence and management.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, as amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, andpassed.
Mr. CLAY. I did not observe that the reso-
lution was on its third reading. I intended to ask
for the yeas and nays on its passage. Has it
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator addressed the
Chair before it passed.-
Mr. CLAY. I addressed the Chair, but th«
Chair did not hear me. I hope, by unanimous
consent, the question will be allowed to betaken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will treat it as not having
passed. Now, upon the passage of the resolu-
tion. the Senator asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I do not propose to debate the
question; but I ask for the yeas and nays, be-
cause this resolution involves an important prin-
ciple. The joint resolution is not obnoxious to
the objections which may be preferred against
most of such measures—that they propose to ap-
propriate money from the Treasury of the United
States. This docs not do so. Guarded, as it is,
by the amendments which have been adopted, it
restricts the appropriations to the revenue which
may be derived from the canal. But I object to
it on the score of principle, because it does com-
mit the Government, so far as the tolls derived
from its share of the stock of this canal are con-
cerned, to this improvement. I object to it for the
further reason, that, really, I think it inures only
to the benefit of a few private corporators. I be-
lieve but five shares out of some thousands are
owned by individuals; the remainder are owned
by the United States.
' Now, I prefer to cede this entire work, or all
the stock of the United States, to the State of Ken-
tucky. Such was the proposition of the bill of
the Senatorfrom Ohio,who is not nowhere, [Mr.
Pugh,] but a majority of the committee, in ac-
cordance with the wishes, as it was understood,
of the Representatives of the State of Kentucky,
adopted the proposition which is now before the
Senate. I am opposed to it on the score of prin-
ciple. I apprehend that if the revenues derived
from the tolls should be insufficient to effect this
work, we shall bo called on hereafter to make an
appropriation from the Treasury of the United
States, [t is certainly an improvement that I do
not think can inure to the advantage of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. I do not suppose
the Government will ever derive any tolls from it.
I do not see why this Government should be fur-
ther connected with it. I ask for the yeas and
nays, because I wish to record my vote against it
and to test the principle.
Mr. HALE. I am in favor of the joint reso-
lution, but before I vote I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana a question in regard to his amend-
ment. I desire to know whether it does not com-
promise the rights of private stockholders ?
Mr. BRIGHT. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. There are only five of them, own-
ing five shares of $100 each.
Mr. BRIGHT. The object of my amendment
was simply to provide that, after tile work con-
templated by the joint resolution shall have been
finished, no more tolls shall be levied on the com-
merce of the Ohio river than are absolutely neces-
sary to keep the work in repair and pay for super-
intending it. I am not quite sure that that amend-
ment was necessary, because the law transferring
the canal made that provision; but I thought that,
to make it more plain, I would offer that as an
