•154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
relates to the Democracy—but he does not agree
with him as to the other part of it. Here is what
the.'most distinguished leader of the Republican
patty says in reference to what is the element
upon-which this party has its foundation and its
existence:
" Subserviency to slavery is? a law written not only upon
the forehead of the Democratic party, but also in its very
soul."
That, sir, I utterly deny, and the facts which
are before the country sustain me in my denial.
" So resistance to slavery and devotion to freedom, the
popular element now actively working for the Republican
party among the people, mu^t and will bo the resource tor
its ever renewing strength and constant iuvigoiatjon."
That is what Mr. Seward said in his Roches-
ter speech, and it is true, and what the Repub-
lican party knows to be true, in reference to its
organization;
Now, Mr. Clerk, I wish to call the attention of
the House to the fact that while the Republican
party say that if they have the control of the Gov-
ernment they will give to every portion of the
Union its constitutional rights, yet that what they
understand to be our constitutional rights we un-
derstand to be the destruction of our constitutional
rights. The Republican party will not deny that
it is part of their platform that they claim for
Congress sovereignty over the Territories in ref-
erence to the question of slavery. Well, sir, if
they have the political control of the Government,
I ask them if they will not consider it constitu-
tional legislation to cxclude slavery from the Ter-
ritories by direct act of Congress? Certainly.
Gentlemen on the other side all nod assent. Well,
that is precisely what the South says is uncon-
stitutional legislation, and a violation of her con-
stitutional rights. How then can it be worth any
thing for those gentlemen to say thai if they get
control of the Government they are in favor of
giving to each section its constitutional rights? It
is worth nothing to say so, unless we know what
they understand to be the constitutional rights of
any particular scction of the country. Howdoes
that place the Republican party with reference to
the position of the slave States of the Union? I
iioicf m my hand some resolutions passed by a
State convention of the State of Georgia—Georgia,
a State which is recognized as conservative, as a
Union-loving State-*-upon mature deliberation of
all her rights in connection with the anti-slavery
legislation of the North, after the passage of the
compromise measures of 1850. One of those reso-
lutions is this:
"That the State of Georgia, in tiro judgment of her con-
vention, will and ought to resist, even as a last i es-ort, to the
disruption of every tie which binds her to the Union, any
act of Congrrthd prohibiting the mtioduction of slaveiy into
the Territories of Utah and Now Mexico,"
These Territories were named because they
were the only ones then open. Here, then, is the
resolution of the State of Georgia declaring that,
as a member of the Confederacy, she will resist
such legislation, to the disruption of every tie that
binds her to the Union. In what condition does
it place the Republican party ? It places them in
the condition of being aggressors on the consti-
tutional rights of the South to an extent which
forces the southern States to take the ground that
they will not remain in the Union if this legisla-
tion be carried out. The St,atc of Mississippi took
the same position, and stands on it to-day. Re-
publican members say to us that they are for the
Constitution and the Union, and that they will
give to every section of the Union its constitu-
tional rights; but, according to their construction
of it, such legislation is a total denial and destruc-
tion of the rights of the South.
Well, sir, what else will they do? They will
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, under
the, claim of the sovereignty of Congress over the
question of slavery in the "territories, and on the
further ground that Congress has the ri^ht ^ex-
clusive legislation in this District. If the Repub-
licans succeed in getting legislative control of the
Government, I put it to them whether they would
not consider it constitutional legislation to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and whether
they do not mean to do it ? Why, certainly, sir;
tlfey admit it. Well, the State of Georgia has
declared that if they do that act without the con-
sent of the slaveholders of the District, and with-
out petition from them, she will resist if to the
dissolution of the Union. The State of Missis-
sippi has taken the same position without any
such reservation.
Mr; GARTRELL. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman on that point. The resolution is incor-
rectly reported. The State of Georgia, in her
convention, solemnly declared that she will disrupt
every tie .that binds her to the Union if the Con-
gress of the United States abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, without any qualification
whatever.
Mr. Mc&AE. I am glad to receive the expla-
nation from the gentleman from Georgia. That
was my own opinion, too; but I report it to the
House as I find it published in Cluskey's Political
Text Book.
This shows that what Republicans regard as
constitutional legislation, the States of Georgia
and Mississippi declare they will regard as a total
annihilation and destruction of their constitutional
rights.
So the Republicans would claim the right,
whether theyexerciseditor not, to abolish slavery
in the forts, arsenals, and dock-yards of the States
where it exists. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kilgore] said he would not do that; but
he did not say that he would not claim the right
and constitutional power to do it; and, perhaps,
his opinions would be of no value when the
party gets political control of the Government.
Well, that is another position, which the States of
Mississippi and Georgia have taken as being sub-
versive of the constitutional rights of the South;
and which they will resist to the dissolution of
the Union.
The gentleman from Indiana has said that he
would not interfere with slavery where it now
exists; but he would confine it strictly within the
limits of the States. I suppose I may safely say
that for his party; and I suppose that the party
would be in favor of legislation to abolish the
trade in slaves between the States. Would not
the Republican party do that? We all know that
it would. That is what has been petitioned for
in past years. The great leader of the part)'' says,
in his Rochester speech, that that is one' of the
things they would do, if they had the control of
the Government. Well, the States of Georgia
and of Mississippi have declared that that legis-
lation which the Republican party deem consti-
tutional, is total annihilation and destruction of
their constitutional rights, and they will resist it
to a dissolution of the Union.
Again, I ask whether the Republican party, if
they had the control of this branch of Congress,
would not consider it constitutional and right to
receive petitions to amend the Constitution so as
to abolish slavery in the States ultimately ? Would
they not consider that constitutional legislation?
and would they not icceive these petitions ? Would
not this Hall be flooded with Abolition petitions?
not, perhaps, to abolish slavery in the States, but
to take such steps as will enable them to abolish
it by an amendment to the Constitution ? That
is what they would do. I ask whether they would
not receive such petitions; and, not only that, but
whether they would not actually call a convention
of the States and amend the Constitution, and to
deprive us of representation on the slave basis ?
When the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Palmer] declared, the first day of the session,
that they ought to put the negro out of the House,
he meant something more thou the mere removal
of this question out of it. He meant that when
the Republican party had control of this Govern-
ment, they would so amend the Constitution as
to deprive the southern States of representation
on the slave basis.
I ask, again, whether they would not consider
it constitutional legislation to repeal or modify the
fugitive slave law? The gentleman from "Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] said, the other day, that the Repub-
lican party in Ohio is in favor cither of the present
fugitive slave law, or, if that be abolished, in
favor of the law of 1793; but my friend on the left
[Mr. Cox] so utterly refuted that statement, that
it was left unquestioned in the judgment of the
House that the Republican party was not in favor
of the repeal of that law, and of the substitution of
a better one under the law of ] 793. But my friend
did not go to the fact, that what the Republicans
of Ohio do want, and mean to have, is, if they get
the control of the Government and give us a fu-
gitive slave law at all, to give us one which will
entitle the fugitive to a trial by jury. Is not that
what you want? Is not that what you mean ? Is
not that what you intend ? Do you not call that
constitutional legislation ?
Well, sir, what would the right of trial by jury
to fugitives be worth to us in one of those non-
slavcholding States under the control of the Re-
publicans, where the anti-slavery sentiment is so
strong that you cannot now, by the force and
power of the Federal Government, recapture a
fugitive slave without bloodshed and loss pf life?
The States of Georgia and Mississippi have both
said, in reference to this question, that if the fugi-
tive slave law is repealed or so modified as to
render it valueless to us, as these Republican
members would render it if they had the control
of the Government, they will resist it, even to the
severance of the ties that bind the Union together.
So you see that what the Ropxibhean party call
constitutional legislation on the subject of slavery,
is what the South calls the total annihilation and
destruction of her rights of property, and wholly
unconstitutional legislation, and it is to no pur-
pose for Republican members to rise and soy
that they are for the Union, for the Constitution,
and for the constitutional rights of all sections
under it.
Now, sir, this being the position of the Repub-
lican party, and the Democratic party being on
the defensive, may I not be permitted again to
ask the attention of what are called the southern
Opposition members of this House to the condi-
tion of things as they exist, and to the fact that
it becomes their duty to cooperate with the Dem-
ocratic party, which", as I said yesterday, is alone
reasonably capable of contending with that other
fcparty as a national organization ?
Why, sir, look at the condition of things. Here
is the Republican party in a great plurality; here
is the Democratic party in a great plurality over
the other parties, who are minorities in the liouse;
and yet you see these twenty-two gentlemen be-
longing to what is called the southern Opposition,
refusing to cooperate with the Democratic party
in the election of a Speaker and the organization
of this House. The South is truly unfortunate
in having Representatives here who will occupy
such a position. What do we see on the other
hand? Why, we sec here, cooperating with the
-southern members, twenty-seven Democrats from
thonon-slaveholding States assisting us to organ-
ize the House against the Black Republicans.
While I cannot compliment the southern Oppo-
sitionists for the position they occupy, certainly
I have to return my thanks—and. the South will
give her thanks—to that noble band of twenty-
seven Democrats from thenon-slaveholding States
who cooperate with the Representatives"from the
South here in defense of their constitutional rights,
and in enabling them to organize this House
against the Republican party. Why, sir, when you
call the roll, the very first response in favor of the
Democratic candidate for Speaker comes from a
gentleman from the non-slaveliolding State of
Ohio, [Mr. Allen.] Who is it that is to prevent
the Republican party from getting the control of
this House and of the Government, but the Dem-
ocratic party ?
Here is what the great leader of the Republi-
can party says upon that subject:
" f think, fellow-citizens, that I have shown you that it
is high time for the iuend< of freedom to iysh to the lescue
of tiie Constitution, and that then veiy first duty is to dis-
miss the Democratic paity horn the admimstiation of the
Government."
That, sir, is the announcement of the great
leader of the Republican party, Mr. Seward, in
his Rochester speech. What further does he say
in that speech:
kV f ask, is theie any other party whiclfcan be more safely
tutted than the Republican party
I put in the word " Republican," because he
was referring to that party:
| "Everyone knows that it. is the Republican paity, or
' none, that shall displace the Demociatic paity."
Mr. Seward said, in that Rochester speech, that
the first duty of the Republican party was to take
the control of the Government; that to do that,
they must dismiss the Democratic party; and that
it was the Republican party, or none, that was to
put the Democratic party out of the control of the
Government. And yet, in the face of this an-
nouncement of the great leader of the Republican
party, and in the face of the fact that it is known
that there is no other national organization now
