2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
The messagefurtherannounced that the House
had ordered this day, at eleven o'clock and seven-
teen minutes, the printing of resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Ohio, asking for the
enlargement and improvement of the Louisville
and Portland canal.
ANSON D^RT.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I call for the -considera-
tion of the unfinished business of the morning
hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The unfinished business of the morn-
ing hour of yesterday is the bill (H. R. No. 220)
for the relief of Anson Dart, which is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
upon which the Senator from Oregon is entitled
to the floor.
The pending question is upon the amendment
offered by the'Senator from Oregon, to insert the
words, "and also to the superintendents who
served previously or subsequently to the said
Anson Dart;" so that the bill will read, if the
amendment be adopted:
Tiiat the proper accounting officers of the Treasury Dc-
partment be authorized and dnected to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to An-
son Dait, late superintendent of Indian affairs in the Ter-
ritory ol Oregon, and also to the superintendents who served
previou-ly or subsequently to the &aid An&on Dait, the sum
of $4,000 per annum, &c.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I presented yes-
terday tiic reasons, which I think ou^ht to be
satisfactory to the Senate, why this bill should
not pass. 1 have not heard the views of the Sen-
ator who will urge its passage; and that I may
be able to reply to him, I will yield him the floor
at present, so that I may see upon what grounds
he asks for the passage of this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Oregon is pleased to refer to me as the
Senator upon this floor who is specially charged
with pressing this claim upon the consideration
of the Senate. Sir, I occupy no such position;
hut simply as a member of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, which has three times reported this
bill since I have been a member of the Senate, I
have been requested, on the part of that commit-
tee, to present it to the Senate, and take charge of
it upon Us passage. I have no special interest at
all in the passage of this bill, any more than I
have an interest in the passage of any bill which
seeks to do a simple act of justice to an individual.
The Senator from Oregon raises some two or
three objections to the passage of the bill. He
first insists that the bill shall be amended. I can-
not consent to this. The amendments which he
proposes have not boon considered in committee;
they are entirely distinct matters, and should be
considered by themselves; and if added to this
bill, they can have no other effect than to embar-
rass its passage, either in this House or m the
other, when it has already twice passed the Sen-
ate, and has now passed the House of Represent-
atives, and is before the Senate for concurrence.
The Senator objects to some of the items of the
account which nave been allowed to Superintend-
ent Dart, for returning from Oregon to Washing-
ton city, and going back again to the field of his
labors. He claims that a very lar^e amount has
been allowed him in the way of mileage and ex-
penses. He thinks it is strange that so large a
sum as #1,500 should be allowed for his expenses
in coming from Oregon here, and remaining here
and returning again to Oregon.
Now, Mr. President, I am not disposed to say
anything uncourteous or ungracious towards the
Senator from Oregon, but it does seem to me,
when the simple mileage of a Senator from Ore-
gon, in coming here and returning once, is about
six thousand dollars, that it comes with an ill
grace for a Senator from Oregon to object to the
superintendent of Indian affairs, when he is
brought from Oregon here and sent back again,
being allowed the sum of $1,500 to cover his ex-
penses.
Now, sir, I will state, in a few words, the
grounds upon which this claim is based. Mr.
Dart is the brother-in-law of Catlin, the great
Indian traveler and painter; had been five years
with him among the Indians, and was well ac-
quainted with Indian life and Indian character.
At the urgent solicitation of the Department, he
consented to take the appointment of superintend-
ent of Indian affairs for the Territory of Oregon.
His appointment had already been made out, as
is stated by the paper which appeared before the
committee, as charge d'affaires to one of the South
American Republics upon this continent, at a sal-
ary of $4,500 a year, where not one half the labor
or duty was to be performed which was neces-
sarily connected with this office of superintendent
in Oregon. He consented to take the appointment
under these circumstances, but he did it with the
express understanding, on the part of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs of this body,
that the salary of the superintendent of Indian
affairs in the Territory of Oregon should be put
upon the same footing with the salary of the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs in the State of Cali-
fornia. Upon that express understanding he ac-
cepted the office and entered upon his labors. I
do not stand here to say that that binds the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Certainly not. If
the salary of $2,500 wasasufEcientcompensation
during the period when he was superintendent of
Indian affairs, the Government of the United .
States is not legally bound, because the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs and the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs of this body pledged
themselves that they would exert their influence
upon the passage of the Indian appropriation bill,
to put the salary of the superintendent of Oregon
on the footing of the one in California. I do not
claim that they are legally bound. If they were
legally bound they would have paid it without
any legislation on the part of Congress; but what
I uo say is, that if, at that time, the sum which is
here proposed to be given to Mr. Dart was but a
just compensation, the Government of the United
States is, in honor, bound to pay it to Mr. Dart
for the services there rendered.
Mr. President, upon this subject I shall make
no speech of my own. I shall refer you, sir, to
the statements made in this body by men far abler
and more distinguished than I am. To show you
that this ease is entirely independent of party
considerations, I bhall read from the speeches
which were made by Mr. Rusk, and General
Dodge, my predecessor from the State of Wis-
consin, beanng upon this question, when it first
passed the Senate. General Dodge said:
" When this gentleman went to Otepon, his salary was
.^,50U. It w<u understood, then, howevei, that it was to
be increased. There was an understand!!!? between the
chamnan of the Committee on Indian A ft air* at that time
(Mr. Atchiaon) and Mi. Dart, that the wil.uj should Imj in-
creased, if possible. By aome omission, howevei, it was
not done."
And the facts turn out to be that the Commis-
sionerof Indian Affairs sent his letter to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, and it
reached the Senate on the very day that the bill
had passed which provided for raising the salary
of the superintendent in California to $4,000, and
by a mere mistake, by a mere accident, the sal-
ary was not raised as to the superintendent of
Oregon. He says, again:
t£ Mr. Dart was a faithful officer, and perfect quiet reigned
among the Indians duung the tune when lie was superin-
tendent. It seems to me to he nothing more than an act of
justice to allow him the same compensation which was
^iven to the Indian superintendent m Cahtorma."
Mr. Rusk said:
"The Committee on Indian Affairs were unanimous upon
this subject. 1 know that it is a bad piactiee to give in-
eieased compensation to an olhcei alter ins services have
J>v-n perfoimed ; but it has been done in several instances,
"and m son ca^es winch perhaps were not meutorious.
There is no doubt that this is a meritorious case. It was
distinctly stated to Mr. Dart, at the time of his appoint
merit, by the then chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs,"that a bill which was then pending foi an incieasc
of the 'salary ot the California superintendent should he
made to include the supeiintendent m Oregon That pro-
vision, according to my recollection, had the sanction of
the Indian bureau."
And Mr. Lea, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, states it m a letter to the Committee on
Indian Affairs. This whole matter has been in-
vestigated before the Committee on Indian Affairs
when Mr. Rusk was upon that committee; at an-
other time when General Houston and Mr. Bell,
of Tennessee, were upon the committee; at an-
other time when Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, and
Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, were members of that
committee; and it has been reported unanimously
to this body as a case which will not establish a
bad precedentin future legislation, because it was
the express understanding with the Indian bureau
and with the Committee on Indian Affairs, that
the superintendency of Oregon should be placed
upon the same footing with that of California; and
with that express understanding, Mr. Dart, who
had already received an appointment as charge to
one of the South American Republics, gave up
that appointment and accepted this appointment
of superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon.
Mr. Bell also, in speaking of this subject, said:
" [ wish to call the attention of the Senate to one other
fart, in confirmation of what has been said by the Senator
trom Wisconsin"—
Who was General Dodge, my predecessor—
<( and the Feuator from Texas. The committee took into
consignation the principle stated by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, that increased compensation should not be allowed
for services previously perfoimed; but they thought this
case was fanly exempt fiom the operation of that princi-
ple. We all admit that it is bad policy to make extra com-
pensation to officers after their duties have been discharged,
and they aie out of office. In this case, however, it seemed
to the committee that there was very *trong evidence—evi-
dence which it was scarcely possible to resist—that ihih gen-
tleman accepted the office with the expectation, and with
a positive promise, that his compensation should be in-
creased at that session of Congies«; and that it was not
increased in consequence ot an accident.1'
General Dodge also, as well as Mr. Bell, testi-
fied to the good character of this superintendent,
and to the administration of Indian affairs by him
in Oregon.
The Senator from Oregon makes another ob-
jection: that a certain house, which was built for
the superintendent in Oregon, when Mr. Dart left
Oregon was turned over to Mr, Whitcomb, a pri-
vate individual; and that for some reason in that
connection, he ought to be charged with neglect
or malfeasance in office. Now, sir, the facts are,
and the papers show, that it was transferred to
Mr. Whitcomb, simply to hold until his successor
should be appointed; and when he was appointed,
the successor, Mr. Palmer, did take possession
of the house, and keep it for some months. It
is so stated upon information from the Indian
department. I beg to say to the Senator from
Oregon also, that subsequent to this, after some
mouths elapsed, Mr. Palter removed the super-
intendency, I believe, upon his own farm, where
he now resides, in Oregon. This building was
erected upon the lands of the United States. It
was erected there, and the location of it was ap-
proved by the Indian bureau, as the papers before
me show. I do not and cannot sec any objection
whatever to the passage of this bill. I shall not
take up the time of the Senate in discussing it. It
has been three times reported in the House unan-
imously. It has once passed the House. Three
times it has been reported in the Senate; twice it
has passed the Senate; and now it is here for its
passage,! hope, for the last time.
iVff\ LANE. Mr. President, it is no pleasure
to me to oppose a bill 
Mr. GW1N. Will the Senator from Oregon
permit me to say that it is utterly impossible to
get through with this bill this morning? And I
should like very much that the Senator from Illi-
nois should proceed with his remarks, if possible,
because the overland mail question is the special
order for to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let us finish this bill this
morning. It has been postponed from time to
time mlhe Senate, and itou^htto be disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the ques-
tion now before the Senate, no motion being made
t© postpone it.
Mr. LANE. It is not a pleasure to me, Mr.
President, to oppose the passage of a bill, and I
never have done it, and I never will, where there
is a particle of justice in it; but in this bill there
is no justice. This man is the strangest man on
the face of the earth, and I as managed from the
beginning to get promises from the Government
and from members of this Senate—honorable Sen-
ators—favorable to his views of the matter, that
he might be enabled to put money in his pocket
that he never earned. I have no doubt that after
Dart was appointed to the office of superintend-
ent. of Indian affairs, instead of repairing to his
post of duty, lie remained in this city, not for the
purpose of promoting the public good, but for the
sole purpose of getting such promises as would
enable him at some future day to filch from the
Treasury, m this way, money that he never
earned—money that neither those gentlemen nor
the heads of the Departments had any right to
promise that he should have. Congress hau fixed
the salary. They had fixed it at $2,500, $1,000
more than the superintendent received who served
