1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3063
had signed the following bills; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. JNo. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by elec-
tric telegraph;
A bill (S. No. 118) for the relief of David
Myerle;
A bill (S. No. 378) to relinquish the title of the
United States to certain lands occupied by the
city of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 464) to amend an act entitled
"An act in addition to the acts prohibiting the
slave trade
A bill (H. R. No. 99) for the relief of Benjamin
Say re;
A bill (II. R. No. 421) for the relief of Joel
M. Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 529) granting a pension to
Martha Sanderson, widow of Major Winslow F.
Sanderson;
A bill (H. R. No. 838) to change the name of
the ship Rockhall to Massachusetts;
A bill (H. R. No. 839) to amend an act ap-
proved the 3d day of March, 1847, entitled "An
act to establish a port of entry at Saluria, in the
State of Texas, and for other purposes;"
A bill (H- No. 353) for the relief of Thomas
R. Livingston;
A bill (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension to
James Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war
of 1812; and
A bill (H. R. No. 288) recognizing the survey
of Grand Cheniere Island, State of Louisiana, as
approved by the surveyor general, and for other
purposes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 43) for the relief of Solomon
"Wadsworth;
An act (S. No. 176) for the relief of R. W.
Clarke;
An act (S. No. 285) for the relief of John Bran-
nan;
An act (S. No. 450) to change the location of
the custom-house for the district of Brazos de
Santiago, from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the
State of Texas;
A bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of J. R.
Crump;
A bill (II. R. No. 587) for the relief of Anton
L. C. Portman; and
A bill (H. R. No. 699) to amend an act regu-
lating the diplomatic and consular system of the
United States.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had concurred in the les-
olution of the Senate, to rescind the resolution
fixing the 18th of June for closing the present
session of Congress, and fixing Monday, the 25th
day of June, instead of that day.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. POWELL. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill to adjust the tariff was
postponed to the second Monday of December
next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler
in the chair.) That is a privileged motion, and
it will be entered.
Mr. POWELL. I only ask that it be entered.
I do not wish it to be considered at this time. In
conscquence of the session being prolonged a
week, we may be enabled to make a more satis
factory adjustment of that question than by pos,*
pomng it until next December.
NAVAL APMOPKIAIION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 500) making appropriations for the naval
seivice for the year ending the 30th of .Tune, 1861,
was considered as in Committee of the. Whole.
Mr. MALLORY. I have a few amendments
to offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The fust is to come m after line eighty-nine, on
page 4:
For the preparation of the report of the results of tlie sur-
vey'of the route between California and China, and of por-
tions of the coast ot Japan, $o,000.
This appropriation is recommended by the
Navy Department for rhc preparation of the report
of the surveys of Mr. Brooke, of the Navy, made
during; the last two years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
come in after the one just adopted:
For engraving charts of the survey of Behring*?? strait*, the
North 1'acific ocean, and the China fcas, under The direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, §9.010.
This amendment has been agreed upon by the
Committee on Commerce, but the Senator who
was to offer it is not here. The work is all done
now on the charts, and the object is to engrave
them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I now offer an amendment,
to come in as a new section:
Sec. — Jind he it farther enacted. That there be added
to the medical coips of the Navy, ten surgeons and ten as-
sistant surgeons.
The necessity of this increase of the medical,
force is shown by the report of the Secretary of
the Navy at the last session. He then said:
"The present effective strength of the medical corps
does not exceed fifty-nmc suigeons and seventy assistants.
The wants of the service for the ensuing ycai will require,
for duty at sea, thirtv-nnm surgeons and seventy assistants;
tor shoie duty, twenty-six surgeons and seventeen assist-
ants ; making a total ofsixty-five surgeons and eighty-seven
assistants required lor active duty. This deficiency m the
medical corps of the Navy cannot be neglectcd without
subjecting the livcsof those engaged 111 tins bianch ot the
public berviee to unieasonablo and culpabjc exposmc. The
naval establishment ha^, I roni time to time, been increased,
while 110 coriespondmg increase has been made in the
number of medical oiiiceis, that remaining ncnUy the same
now as foitv ycura ago. Since the year 1815, Congress lias
incicased the number of captains ftom thiity-two to se.v-
enty-bix ; ot commanders, lioin eighteen to one hundred
and six; of lieutenants, tiom one bundled and (buy to
three hundred and twenty-seven •> while the medical corps,
which then numbered one bundled and twenty membeis,
has now but one humhed and jorty-nme, including at least
twenty who are incapacitated lot activc sciviee. The re-
cent addition of a consideiable number of steam ve-scl* to
the Navy will nccessauly create an incicased demand for
the services of officers at sea; w bile the greater activity
which now prevails mit, and u> likely heicaJtei to pievail,
will still further increase that demand. To meet the imme-
diate want^oftiie service, an addition of twenty to the pres-
ent number 01 tuigeuns. and a-s many additional assistant
surgeons, will snfhce. With that number, the stations on
shoic and vessels at s-ea may he supplied, and a shoit in-
terval of leiief liom duty allowed an office'i on his ictuiri
from a cruise.'1
The Secretary has, this session, again brought
the subject to the attention of Congress; and the
head of the Surgeon's bureau, at the request of
the committee, has famished the number of ves-
sels which have to go to sea without surgeons:
Navy Department,
Burea.it of Medicine and Surgery, June 1.5, 1860.
Sir: J beg to Mihnnt the accompanying statement in
icply to a lettei ol lion S. K. Mallory, addressed to the
Navy Department, calling for certain iniorinatiou m ic-
gaid to thequestion ot incieasing the medical corps of the
Navv."
l/Tho naval vessels ami roa^t snney vessel*, com-
manded bv naval men now m service, without haung med-
ical otiiccrs me a^ loJJows.
Coast Miivcy vcostN 13ibb, employed on the coast of
North Carolina and Vugima; Corvvin, coa^t of Florida;
Vi\en. eoa<-t ot Florida and Alabama; Walker, Alabama,
MiSfei4ippi, and Ijoui-aana ; Hetzcl, Virginia and Noith
Caiolina; Active, Caiifmma, Washington Tciritorj, and
Oregon ; Vanna, emplojod on the coastot South Caiohna
amf Georgia: Arago, Louisiana and Texas; Ciawford,
South Caiohna and Georgia.
Sevoial of these vessels have a complement of from six-
tj-fivc to mnetj pei^ons, and aie employed on stations
much exposed to disease; and we have iaigf bills to pay for
attendance to private physician*.
The United States *lup \Yanen,at Panama, and the Uni-
ted States ship Falmouth, at A^pmwall, iwd ah-o as depots
of medical stoics, axe without medical otficeis ; a? are also
the United State-ship Kelea-e,emp!o\ ed in the home squad-
ron, and the United States bteainei Pula>ki, m the nvcrde
ia Plata.
The naval vessels on station* lequinng additional med-
ical office!- are. m the home s-quadfon. the United States
.-hips Sabine, Savannah, Brooklyn, Preble, all empiojed in
thOMCkly region ol Mevico and Central Amciica, and de-
ficient ot the usual complement ot medical ofiieeis.
In tiie Atrican squadron, the Hag ship ConHellation, the
United States steamer San Jacmto, United States ship
Portsmouth, arc without the ns.ua! complement.
It is only iccentJy, in consequence of the letum of ves-
sels fioin toreisn sciviee, that assistant surgeons have be-
come available'for the naval ho>pitals at Chelsea, Brook-
lyn. Philadelphia, Noirblic; and Brooklyn and Norfolk are
without the numbeis authorized by the estimate*.
Since the laige increase ot the smaller ve-se!-, the de-
mand foi assistant fuugeoiw is so prossmgas to allow but a
short inteival of iela\ation aftei a ciuis>e, and leaves no
margin to meet the accidents ot the set vice in the shape of
sickness of a medical officer; under the present system, a
passed assistant surgeon of more than thirteen years' ser-
vice may not expect a longer escape from sea-serviec Uian
some eight or ten months—a year would be a liberal esti-
mate.
Very respectfully your most obedient servant,
W. WHELAN.
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Sccrctary of the Navy.
The same views, extended, are in the report of
the chief of the medical bureau. The committee,
in consideration of the whole subjcct, and finding
so many public vessels and so large a number of
our seamen afloat in different parts of the globe
without medical attendance, determined to recom-
mend the appointment of just one half the num-
ber, (namely, ten surgeons and ten assistant sur-
geons,) recommended by the Secretary of the
Navy and by the bureau. X trust the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the Naval Committee. I
see that the amendment provides for ten surgeons
and ten assistant surgeons. The result of that I
suppose will be that the surgeons, those of the
highest grade, will be appointed at once from civil
life, instead of being taken from those now in
commission ?
Mr. MALLORY. I presume the mode of ap-
pointment would unquestionably be this: assist-
ant suigeons would be promoted to surgeons, and
new appointments would have to be made from
those who have passed their examinations before
the board of surgeons. "We have an examination
annually of surgeons for the Navy, and those
who pass the ordeal are in the line of appoint-
ment whenever vacancies occur; and I presume
that, if Congress were to authorize the appoint-
ment of ten surgeons and ten assistants, the ten
surgeons would be taken immediately from the
existing passed assistants and the promotion
would be made up from civil life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the effect of the
provision is to appoint only ten additional sur-
geons ?
Mr.MALLORY. Ten surgeons and ten assist-
an ts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you appoint ten sur-
geons from the present corps of assistant surgeons,
and you only add ten.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment provides
for ten assistants and ten surgeons. It does not
provide for the manner of their appointment.
The Senator asked me for my judgment, and I
stated the way I supposed it would be done. The
amendment does not restrict the appointment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I want to know
whether the object is to be accomplished. It reads
ten surgeons and ten assistant surgeons. If the
ten surgeons arc appointed from the ranks of the
assistant surgeons, you then only makeup that
deficiency, and it leads to the appointment of only
ten new officers.
Mr. HALE. That is not so. By the appoint-
ment of ten additional surgeons, we lessen the
number of assistant surgeons to that extent; and
without any special legislation the number of
assistant surgeons would be increased by the ten
that were promoted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the law now fixes
the number of assistant surgeons?
Mr. HALE. Yes. in addition to the number
the law now fixes, this amendment provides for
ten morf, so that it is an increase of twenty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I wanted
to know—whether the design is to appoint ten or
twenty.
Mr. HALE. Twenty.
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine; noes
not counted.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
strike out on page 2, commencing at line twenty,
this proviso:
"Provided, Thatnot more than $3,000shall be expended
at anv navv-vaid in repaying the bull and spars of any ves-
sel, uru.l fh<MK'ce«5itv and expediency of such repair, and
the probable costthcreof.bo ascertained and reported to
the Navy Department by an examining boaid, to be com-
posed of one captain, or commandei in the Navy, to be
appointed by the Socretaty of the Navy, the naval con-
ductor of the yard where any vessel maybe ordered for
repairs, and two ma>ter woikmen of such yaid, or one
master woikmati and an ongmcei of the Navy, according
to the nature of the icpaus to be made; said master
workmen and engineer to he designated by the head of
tlie Bureau ot Conduction and iltpairsj and not more
than $1,000 shall be expended in lepairs on the sails and_
liggmg of any vessel until the expediency and necessity ot
,uch repairs, and the estimated cost thereof, have been
ascertained and reported to tlie Navy Department by an
