3064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
examining board, to be composed of one naval officer, to
be appointed by tiie Secretary of the I^avy, and the master
rigger, and master sailmaker of the yaid where such vessel
may be ordered; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Navy to cause a survey to be made by a board of
two naval officers, a naval constructor, and a chief engi-
neer, of the sailing vessels of the Navy, to ascertain which
of them can profitably be fitted up with auxiliary steam
power, and that, m the expenditure of the money hereby
appropriated, he shall, so far as the same may be applied
to sailing vessels, employ the same, as far as practicable,
in supplying such vessels with auxiliary steam power."
And in lieu of it to insert:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy cause a care-
ful examination to be made by naval officers, engineers,
and constructors, into the condition of the sailing vessels
of the Navy, and the cost of giving them or any of them
full steam power, togethet with the expediency of making
huch change in view of the cost, condition, model, andgen-
eial chatacter of such vessels so altered ; and that the re-
pott of of such officers, together with the Secretary's views
thereon, be communicated to Congiess at its next session.
I propose to strike out this clause of the House
bill, because it is entering very minutely into the
duty of the Navy Department, and, as I conceive,
very unnecessarily, and in amanner which I think
will possibly create work and the expenditure of
money in our yards when none may really be
demanded. It is placing the master workmen in
the yards, who hold no commission or appoint-
mcot,as surveyors upon vessels, to decide whether
they shall be repaired, and to what extent. It
should be recollected that, at the very last session
of Congress, precisely in the same place on the
appropriation bill, this provision was ingrafted:
u Provided, That not more than $1,000 shall be expended
in any nav^-yard in icpair of any vessel until the neoes&itv
of such repair and the probable cost Thereof is a-eeitaiued
by the leport ot a board ol not Jess than three officeta of the
Navy."
Having adopted that system at the last session,
it has worked very well thus far. The Navy De-
partment first appoints a board of three naval
officers of the line, and then appoints a second
board of constructors and carpenters, so as to
compare the knowledge of the two branches of
the service: and, since the adoption of that re-
striction, no vessel has been repaired, no money
has been expended, but in obedience to it. Now,
it is proposed to limit that to §3,000, and it is
going minutely into this business, which I think
should be left to the Department; and I am satis-
fied, anxious as I am to restrict the Department
in every proper expenditure of money, that the
clause would not operate well.
Then, sir, as to the last portion of the clause,
at line forty-five, which is:
" That hi the expendituio of the money hnt by appiopri-
ated, ho sbali, so lar sis the same mnv he applied to vailing
vessels, employ the same as fai a^ practicable, in supplying
such vessels with auxiliary Meam power."
It is practicable to apply auxiliary steam power
to every sailing vessel m the Navy; but it would
be exceedingly inexpedient, and a very bad ex-
penditure of money. In their models and con-
struction, they had no reference whatever to steam
power; and the condition of the vessel now, the
state of decay and preservation of the timber,
would preclude the audition of steam power, with-
out a total renovation of the whole. The restric-
tion in entirely too loose; and I propose to attain
the same object by requiring the Secretary of the
Navy to do what has never been done, and which,
in my judgment, ought to be done withoutany ic-
quisition—to inform Congress at the nextsession,
by the examination of a board of competent offi-
cers, what sailing vessels of the Navy are capable
of being, with reference to the public service, thus
transformed into sea-going vessels. I will say
that Great Britain is doing this; she is changing
her old sailing vessels into steam vessels, because
she has not the timber to build vessels—she can-
not build as France and ourselves are doing.
France changed very few sailing vessels; and I
apprehend that, in the condition of our sailing
vessels, it will be found that we have none fitted
for steam power, except the Franklin—and she
is already prepared at Portsmouth. She has been
lengthened at both ends and in the middle. We
have no vessels capable of receiving steam power
with any expediency or policy. To reccive it,
you would have to alter the ends of the vessel,
and perhaps put in a piece amidships. Before
giving the Secretary of the Navy authority to
apply steam power to sailing vessels, Congress
ought to know whether wc are to have any ad-
vantage from this great expenditure; because a
steam engine and apparatus to a common frigate
—and probably we should have no liners—would
cost about two hundred and fourteen thousand
dollars, (andthatisa vastexpenditure,)and would
enable you to build an entire ship of a smaller
class, which would be, perhaps, just as efficient.
1 therefore suggest this amendment, that Congress
may know, by a board of experts, whether we
have any sailing vessels which it would be judi-
cious thus to change into steam vessels, before we
go to authorize the Navy Department to proceed.
Building steam vessels is undoubtedly an import-
ant matter. It is a very expensive one. Before
embarking on this most important of all legisla-
tion, I would myself like a little information. It
will cost no more money to get it.
Mr. HALE. In regard to the latter part of
the amendment of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, I have not the slightest ob-
jection to it, and am willing that it should be
adopted; but before the Senate strike out this
provision of the House, I desire to make a single
suggestion. This bill does not propose to repeal
the section of the law of last year that has been
read by the honorable Senator from Florida, in
regard to the restriction which limits the repairs
of vessels to $1,000 until there is a report made
by a board of officers. That remains; but the
House of Representatives have provided that not
more than §3,000 shall be expended at any navy-
yards until an examination has been made, not
only by naval officers, but by the naval con-
structor of the yard where such vossel may be
ordered, and two master workmen, or a master
workman and an engineer of the Navy, accord-
ing to the nature of the repairs to be made; and
it goes on to tell how they are to be designated.
The naval constructor and the engineers and the
master workmen will be the men who will make
the examination anyhow. The naval officers, I
think you may almost say, literally know nothing
at all about it, or certainly very little, compared
to what these men do. These men will be called
upon to make the examination, whether you re-
tain this clause or not; and the only question is,
whether the scientific men, the men who under-
stand it, the constructors, the engineers, and mas-
ter workmen shall, under the icsponsibility of
this law, make their report directly here, or
whether it shall come through a board of naval
officers. In other words, the question is whether
you will put a board of naval officers between
these men, who ouglit to be responsible to Con-
gress, and Congress. I think the plan suggested
by the House is the best one; and that, as long
as we shall have to depend upon the judgment of
the engineers and the master workmen, we had
better let them certify it in the manner indicated
by the House, rather than strike it out and make
it all come through naval officers. I have no ob-
jection to the latter part of the amendment, in
regard to steam vessels.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from New
Hampshire evidently did not attend to what I
said.
Mr. HALE. Yes I did.
Mr. MALLORY. I stated what the practice
is now. There have been several examinations
for repairs made recently, which I have person-
ally looked into. They are made by three naval
officers. The Senator is entirely mistaken in sup-
posing that they are ignorant of this branch of
the service. I would not give their judgment in
this respect for that of any other class of men.
They are the men who are constantly in a ship;
who see daily the wear and tear of different kinds
of timber, and the duration of everything on board
the ship; and they can judge by the appearance
of the plank, or other parts of the construction,
how long it will last. But the Navy Department
does not confine itself to the opinion of three
naval officers. The surveys now arc made by
constructors, whoso commissions you hold in
your hand, and over whom you exercise a con-
trol. But I object to descending into these de-
tails, and putting this business under the charge
of your master rigger, who is an ordinary man,
and whom you employ, and the master carpenter,
who is merely the carpenter of the yard. Not
that I have not great respect for these men; some
of them I know, and 1 would take their judgment
in building a ship sooner than that of anybody
else; but 1 would not make it obligatory, simply
because the Department does it now. At the re-
cent survey of-the ship Preble at the navy-yard
near which I reside, this course was pursued,
and it is pursued in every case; but I object to
goir^g into these details, and tying up the hands
of the Navy Department in this way. It. is pre-
sumed that, before it expends money in the repair
of ships, it gets all the information; and 1 will
say to the Senator from New Hampshire, that if
he were to call at the Navy Department to-day,
or were to call here for the estimates on which
repairs are made, he would find those estimates
based on the examinations of engineeis and con-
structors, as well as naval officers. The restric-
tion now to $1,000 is amply sufficient.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in favor of placing
these naval matters as far under the control of spe-
cific provisions of law as possible. The provis-
ion which it is now proposed to strike outwas, I
understand, offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the House, a Represent-
ative of my own State; and I know him to be a
man of excellent judgment, and particularly well
acquainted with ships and everything relating to
vessels. He has been from his youth up; and I
would take his judgment in a matter of that kind
sooner than that of any other man; ccrtainly sooner
than that of any of us, unless we have been en-
gaged in the same business. It is perfectly appar-
ent, from the shape of the provision, that the
design of the House was, that nothing should be
done in reference to the expenditure of money in
the repairs of vessels until we have the responsi-
ble report to the Secretary of the Navy of men
who are qualified to answer on all the points that
are suggested, and in which money is to be ex-
pended in the repair of vessels. y For instance, if
it is to be expended in rigging', you are to have
the responsible statement of the master rigger who
is to be supposed to be well versed in his business
if he is employed at our navy-yards at a high
price, as all these men are. So of the master sail-
maker, where money is to be expended on sails;
and so of the engineer, where it is to be expended
upon engines. So with regard to the man who is
the master of the business in any other line.
Now,"sir, I do not see that anything is to be
lost, but it appears to me that a good deal would
be gained, by having those who are thus placcd in
responsible positions, obliged to give their official
report and have the Secretary obliged to consult
them in regard to what is necessary and best to
be done before the money is expended. We all
know how money has been expended in our
navy-yards in the repairs of vessels in one way
or another. There has been very great complaint
of waste of money. I suppose the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs will hardlydony
that. Perhaps it may have been the consequence
of honest mistakes; it is not for me to say; but,
at any rate, in all these matters of professional
skill, of scientific examination, requiring knowl-
edge, I see no objection; but J see a great deal of
good that might come from making it imperative
that the knowledge of all these men should be
brought into requisition.
The objection which the Senator from Florida
makes, in gross, is, that it is going into detail.
Sir, I think I understand the real rootof the mat-
ter; and it is, that those gentlemen who wear
epaulets do not like to be associated, in these re-
ports, with men who are mere mechanics. They
are willing to consult them informally on matters
that they do not themselves know anything about,
take their opinions, and give the opinions thus
obtained as their own. These men now are not
in any great degree responsible for opinions thus
given, but the officers trade on borrowed capital
in that way. Now, sir, I see no degradation to
them in beingassociated with those who are mas-
ters of their business in making reports upon
which the expenditure of money is to be predi-
cated.
The amendment of the honorable Senator who
is chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
proposes to dispense with all that; and I see no
good reason for it except what he states in gen-
eral, that he objects to going into these details.
1 differ from him m the idea that we can do harm
by placing the head of the Navy and his officers
under as close restrictions and as careful guaids,
in the expenditure of money, as possible. There
has been a great leak in this direction; and it is
quite as well to make any movement that is
thought to be a sensible one, which is designed,
intended, for the purpose of preventing that waste
of money. There is one clause of the House pro-
