2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] The
Chair will further state, that another bill was as-
signed as a special order for this hour, and it is
the duty of the Chair to call it up for considera-
tion, that it may be disposed of.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. GWIN. Of course, I do not wish that
special order which was made for one o'clock to-
day to interfere with the speech of the Senator
from Illinois; but it is a subject of great import-
ance, and we ought to dispose of it as soon as
possible. I understand that probably the Senate
and House of Representatives will be invited to
meet the, Japanese embassadors to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, and I hope that the overland mail
bill will be made the special order for one o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire whether the bill,
being the special orderrightaftcr these resolutions,
will not still remain the special order as soon as
they are disposed of, without any vote ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would not
be; but it would lose its place, according to the
construction that has been given by the permanent
Presiding Officer of the Senate to the 31st rule.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will keep its place, how-
ever it may be donS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 304) inviting proposals for carrying' the en-
tire mail between the Atlantic and Pacific States
in one line, be postponed until to-morrow at one
o'clock, and made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Rttciianan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 90) to create an additional land
district in Washington Territory; and
An act (S. No. 340) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the Re-
public of Paraguay.
RELATIONS OB STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted liyMr. Davis on the 1st of
March, relative to State rights, the institution of
slavery in the States, tlie l ights of citizens of the
several States in the Territories of the United
States, and the duty of the Federal Government
to protect those rights, the powers of the Terri-
torial Legislatures over the subject of slavery, and
the duty of the several States to observe and re-
spect the fugitive slave law.
Mr. DOUGLAS resumed and concluded lus
speech. [See Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. 1 ask the Senator to give way
for a moment, to allow me to move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet to-inoi-
row at two o'clock, as I understand there is to be
a public reception at the President's, to which the
two Houses are invited. With the consent of the
Senator, J make that motion.
Mr. MASON. I hope we shall not adjourn for
any such tiling.
Mr. IIALF,. I hope we shall.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves, that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day, it he to meet to-morrow at
two o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I object to the question being
put.
Mr. GREEN. Is there any notice that the
Senate is invited to any such entertainment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
unable to answer the question.
Mr. GREEN. Then he can say there is no
notice according to his information.
Mr. HALE. Th ere is in the papers.
Mr. MASON. I object to the motion.
Mr. GREEN. The motion is not in order.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose the Senate can ad-
journ to what hour it pleases.
Mr. HALE. I suppose one objection docs not
kill it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Mississippi to yield the
floor to the Senator from New Hampshire to make
the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I object to the motion to change
any standing rule of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair re-
gards the motion as in order. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Brown, Fitzpatrick, Foster,
G.win, Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson,Kennedy, Latham,
Mallory, Polk, Sauisbury, Sebastian, Sumner, and Ten
Eyck—17. #
NAYS—IVJessis. Anthony, Biglcr, Clingman, Coliamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessenden, Foot,
Green, Giimes, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Powell,
Pitirh, Rice, Thomson, Toombs,Trumbull, Wade, VVigfall,
and Wilson—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ator from Illinois commenced his speech he an-
nounced his object to be to answer to an arraign-
ment,or,ashe also termed it, an indictment, which
he said 1 had made against him. He therefore
caused extracts to be read from the remarks which
I had addressed to the Senate. Those extracts
announce that I have been the uniform opponent
of what is called squatter sovereignty, and that,
having opposed it heretofore, I was now, least of
all, disposed to give it quarters. At a subsequent
period, the fact was stated that the Senator from
Illinois and myselflmd stood upon opposite sides
of those questions which I considered as involv-
ing southern interests in 1850. He has not an-
swered to the allegation. He has not attempted
to show that he did not stand in that position. It
is true he has associated himself with Mr. Clay,
and before I am done I will show that the asso-
ciation does not belong to him. I will show that
upon those great test questions they did not vote
together. Moreover, the Senator,then, somewhat
vauntingly, reminded me that he was with the
victorious party, as the Democracy of the coun-
try then proclaimed its doctrine, and that I was
outside of that organization. With Mr. Clay ! If
he had been with him he would have been in good
company; but the old Jackson Democracy will be
a little surprised to learn that Clay was the leader
of our party, and that a man proves his allegiance
by showing how closely he followed 111 the foot-
steps of Henry Clay.
When the Senator opened his arraignment, an-
nouncing, as he did, his purpose to be fair and
courteous, I little supposed that an explanation
made in favor of the Secretary of State, and which
could not at all disturb the lino of his argument,
would have been followed by the rude announce-
ment that he could not permit interruption here-
after. A Senator has the right to claim exemp-
tion from interruption if he will follow the thread
of his argument, and direct his discourse to the
question at issue, and confine himself to it; butif
he makes up a medley of arraignments of every
man who has been in public life for ten yeais
past, addressing himself personally to the indi-
vidual in his presence, he should permit an inter-
ruption to be made in correction as often as he
misrepresents his position. It would have de-
volved on me, more than once, if I had been re-
sponsible for his frequent refetences to me, to
correct him, and show that he misstated facts; but
as he would not permit himself to be interrupted,
it did not become me to do so, and I am not re-
sponsible for anything he has imputed to me.
But the Senator eomnicnced with a disclaimer
of any purpose to follow what he considered a
bad practice of arraigning Senators here on mat-
ters for which they stood responsible to their con-
stituents; and what was his course ' Fie arraigned
everybody. I believe I constitute the only ex-
ception to whom he granted consistency, and that
consistency at the expense of position, and, I sup-
pose, at the expense of sound principle. He not
only arraigned the individuals who had been co-
operating with us here, lie arraigned people out
of the Chamber; and even some of the States—
Florida and Georgia—were brought to answer at
the bar of the Senate for the resolutions they had
passed; Virginia was held responsible for her pol-
icy; Mississippi received his rebuke. Pray, sir,
what had all this to do with the question' Espe-
cially what had all this to do with what he styled
an indictment' It is a mere pretext to resort to
aspecics of declamation, which has not been heard
to-day for the first time, to put himself in the at-
titude of a persecuted man, who, satyr-like, blow-
ing hot and cold in the same breath, in the midst
of his persecution, vaunts his supreme power. If
his opponents be the very small minority which
he describes, what fear has ho of persecution or
proscription ? Can he not draw a distinction be-
tween one who says " I give no quarter to an
idea," and one who proclaims putting the advo-
cates of that idea to the sword ? Such was his
figurative language. That sword, however, it
seemed to me, as he progressed from time to time,
referred to this one thought always floating
through his brain—exclusion from the spoils of
office; for at last it seemed to narrow down to that,
that no man was to be either a Cabinet officer or
a collector who agreed with liim. And pray, who
has advanced any such doctrine? Have I, at this
or any other period of my acquaintance with his
history, done anything to justify him in attribu-
ting that opinion to me ? I pause for his answer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not exactly understand
the Senator. I have no complaint to make of the
Senator from Mississippi of ever having been
unkind or ungenerous towards me, if that is what
he means to say.
Mr. DAVIS. Have I ever promulgated a doc-
trine which indicated that if my friends were in
power, I would sacrifice every other wing of the
Democratic party ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood the making of
a test on this issue againstme, would reach every
other man that held my opinions; and, therefore,
if I was not sound enough to hold office, no man
agreeing with me would be; and hence, every
man of my opinions would bo excluded.
Mr. DAVIS. Ah, Mr. President; I believe I
now have caught the clue to the argument, which
I never before comprehended. I was among
those who thought the Senator, with his opinions,
ought not to be chairman of the Committee on
Territories. This, I suppose then, is the whole
exposition. But have I not said to the Senator,
at least once, that I had no disposition to question
his Democracy; that I did not wish to withhold
from him any other tribute which could be paid
to his talent and his worth? Did I not offer to
resign the only chairmanship of a committee I
had, if the Senate would confer it upon him?
Then, where is this spirit of proscription which
lias constituted some hours of his speech? If
others have manifested it, I do not know it; and
as the single expression of " no quarter to the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty " was the basis
of his whole allegation, I take it for granted his
reference to that must bo ended hereafter.
I was struck with the fact that the Senator criti-
cised the idea of the States prescribing the terms
on which they will act in convention with a party
recognized to be representative; and that, together
with the swelling manner with which the Senator
represented what he was pleased to term "the
seccders," suggested to mo something of the air
of the great monarch of France when feeling roy-
alty and power all concentrated in his own per-
son, he used the remarakable expression familiar
to us all, "the State, that's me. So the Senator
considers it a modest thing in him to proclaim to
the Democratic convention on what terms he will
accept a nomination; but presumptuous in aState
to declare the principle on which she will give
him her vote. It is an advance on Louis Q.ua-
torze. It is not only one State, but a number, all
concentrated in one person. Nothing but the most
egregious vanity, something far surpassing even
the swollen condition of pride, could have in-
duced the Senator to beh«ve that 1 could not speak
of squatter sovereignty with out meaning him. To-
wards the Senator personally, I have never man-
ifested any hostility. Towards him personally,
I have always felt kindly. Many years of asso-
ciation, very frequent cooperation, manly sup-
port from him in times of trial, are all remembered
by me gratefully. The Senator, therefore, had no
right to assume that I was making war upon him.
I addressed myself to a doctrine of which ho was
not the founder, though he was one of the rebel-
lious followers; and he ruined the logic of the
doctrine, for it was logical in Mr. Cass's mind.
He claimed the power to be inherent in ihe peo-
ple. who went to settle in a Territory, and with
this inherent power he held that they proceeded
to form government and to exercise its functions.
There was logic in that, logic up to the point of
sovereignty. Not so with the Senator. He says
