156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
all its stages. He opens his speech with a eulogy
on president Lincoln, who has delivered these
a#ti-slavery sentiments that I have read to you;
and ho closes his eulogy by stating that he [Lin-
coln]. " nobly wears the mantle of Choate and of
Wcoster,'' and that'' in such thoughts and words
of transcendent eloquence as he alone, of living
men, commands, ho had spoken here in favor of
the peace and honor of Massachusetts." What
further does Mr. Cushing say ? In another por-
tion of his speech, most of which I admit to be
patriotic in general terms, he speaks of Wendell
Phillips, Lloyd Garrison, Theodore Parker, Wal-
do Emerson, and Gerrit Smith, as men who, by
constantly brooding on the one single idea—" that
idea a right one, if you please, in its object"—had
become monomaniacs. Well, sir, he there asserts
that the idea of those rabid abolition revolution-
ists, with whom even the Republicans deny asso-
ciation, was "right in its object." Now, Mr.
Clerk, I wish it understood that I am not denounc-
ing these proceedings "at all. I have not used a
harsh expression in regard to them. But I am
explaining the position that I take. Everything
said and done that is calculated to mislead o'r de-
ceive the popular mind, in either section of the
country, is injurious to the whole; and I have re-
ferred to these things simply to show that what is
called a groat Union meeting to protect the con-
stitutional rights of the South was conducted by
persons who expressed such sentiments as these
m reference to slavery.
I had intended, Mr. Clerk, to review, to some
extent, one or two of the speeches made on the
other side, especially the speech made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,]
whose position was not understood until that
speech was addressed to the House, and which
identifies him, as I take it, with the Republican
party. I intended to have referred especially to
that portion of it where he speaks of the compro-
mises of the Constitution, and of the compromises
of legislation that have been made on the slavery
question, and that, lie says, have been violated
on the part of the South. But my time and strength
only allow mo to notice them briefly.
One of those compromises was, that we gained
the basis for the fugitive slave law. How has
that compromise been violated by the South ? All
that we have gained under it was, first, the law of
1793, and next the law of 1850, called the fugitive
slave law, for the recapture of our fugitive slaves.
How could we violate it? We have not violated
it, but the non-slaveholding States, under Repub-
lican control, have undertaken to deprive us of its
benefit. So far as the Federal Legislature is con-
cerned, it has done its duty by the passage of a
law which, if not resisted by the anti-slavei y sen-
timentof the North and bythe Republican party,
would have secured to us the benefits of that com-
. promise of the Constitution, if hq.choose to call
it one. Inrvor considered it a compromise at all;
I consider it one of the plain requirements of the
Constitution, which was entered into without ref-
erence to any compromise on the slavery question.
I do not think that the history of the adoption of
this basis for the fugitive slave law will show that
it was ever regarded as a compromise on the sla-
very question at all.
But, sir, so far from our violating this, wo do
complain,and have aright to complain, that while
the national Legislature; has .'lone us justice, the
non-slaveholding States, in wlneh the Republican
anti-slavery sentiment is predominant, deprive us
of the benefits of the law, by refusing to allow it
to be executed properly within their limits; therc-
foi-c, if there is any injury done on cither side on
this question, it is "an 'injury dene by the people
of these non-slaveholdnig States to the people of
the South. The proposition is directly the re-
verse of what the gentleman lias stated.
He says that another of the compromises ot
the Constitution, on the slavery question, was
that the South was to be entitled to Federal rejv
resentation on the slave basis of three filths.
Well, I never understood that us being a compro-
mise between the North and South, on the sub-
ject of slavery. I understood it to be a provision
of the Constitution, inserted to do what was just
to the South, giving her her proper weight of rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States.
The Constitution, as I have said, was made alto-
gether by slaveholders, and was adopted by slave-
holding States. The gentleman says we have
violated all of the five compromises. How have
we violated this? Has not the Federal census
been taken, and have we not, in the enumer-
ation, simply obtained justice under this clause
of the Constitution—our proper right of repre-
sentation here? Who will undertake to violate
it, and who does violate it? Who doprives us of
its benefits? Why, the people of the non-slave-
holding States. And how do they do it? Why,
sir, every fugitive slave thfit escapes from the
South diminishes our numbers, on which our rep-
resentation .here is based; and through the refusal
of the non-slaveholding Republican States to re-
turn' to us our fugitives, under the fugitive slave
law, they not only deprive us of our property,
but they deprive us, to some extent, of our basis
of representation upon this floor. They, there-
fore, attack us, not only in our rights of prop-
erty, but our right of representation upon this
floor and our political rights in the country. So
the violation is 011 their side, sir.
I have nothing to say with reference to the vio-
lation of the compromises of 1850 and 1854, which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania linked together,
except that when he says that the whole South
came forward and swept away the Missouri com-
promise, he is utterly mistaken; because that com-
promise was swept away by what wore called the
compromise measures of 1850. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Clark] himself, while he^
attributed to what he termed the repeal of the
Missouri compromise the excitement which at
the time grew up at the North on the slavery
question, admitted that lie saw nothing incon-
sistent m the provisions of the compromise meas-
ures of 1850 and the Kansas-Nebraska bill, by
which he considered the Missouri compromise
repealed. What was termed the repeal of the
Missouri compromise in the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, was a simple declaration that itwas rendered
null and void by the principle of the compromise
of 1850; so that the South did not come .forward
and sweep away the compromise of 1820; but it
was swept away by those who advocated the
compromise measures of 1850, which were advo-
cated alike by the North and by the South. The
men of the South are ntH responsible for it.
As for the compromises of 1850 and 1854, the
question is still unsettled m the mind of the coun-
try whether they have been violated or not. So
far as the Kansas-Nebraska bill is concerned, I
was not a member of Congress when that bill was
fassed, but I was satisfied with its provisions, and
maintain it now. I maintain the doctrine which
I understand to be the essential and leading feature
of the bill, taken from the compromise measures of
1850—the doctrine of non-intervention; and'l un-
derstand it to apply simply to the power of Congress
with reference either to estabUslungor prohibiting
slavery 11) the Territories. 1 understand that the
whole discussion of this subject, so far as any pro-
tection was asked with reference to slavery, went
at that time simply to the fact of such protec-
tion as might establish slavery in the Territories,
and that non-intervention at that time was only
understood to mean non-intervention to establish
or prohibit slavery; and that it never was under-
stood then to mean, and never has been under-
stood since to mean; that it could not then be un-
derstood to mean, and cannot now be understood
to mean, that it applies to the non-protection of
slavery where it was established. That is my
view of the Kansas-Nebraska act; and that brings
me to the point at which 1 intend to express my
opinion freely and fully to this House as to what
1 consider right and proper to be done by the
Democratic party at the Charleston convention in
reference to the construction of the Cincinnati
platform, and the position which that party should
occupy in tin; coming contest for the Presidency.
Sir, my opinion, as one member of the Demo-
cratic pqjtv, is, that common fairness, common
honesty, that the integrity of the great Democratic,
party, to which the country owes so much for its
prosperity in the past, its greatness in the present,
and its hopes and prospects in the future—I say
that it is due to the integrity of that great party
that its platform should be so laid down, and so
construed, that every man who stands upon jt,
every man who is a member of its organization,
at the North or at the South, should know pre-
cisely what it means; and, as one Democrat, I am
in favor of the Charleston convention placing such
a construction and such an interpretation on the
Democratic platform that no member of the party,
no man m any section of the Union, shall mistake
its meaning. That is the position which I occupy
upon that subject; and in order to accomplish that,
I would have the convention adopt a resolution
affirming its adherence to the platform adopted at
Cincinnati, and giving to it an interpretation in
accordance with the opinion and decision of the Su-
preme Court, in the Dred Scott case, on the consti-
tutional principles of the Government in reference
to slavery—the constitutional right of the citizens
of the South to remove, with their slave property,
into a Territory, and protection to that property
whenit is in the Territory. That is what I think
would make it plain; and that is the position
which, if I were to be a member of that conven-
tion, I would advocate. Now gentlemen under-
stand my position upon-that question;
Mr. Clerk, in the running debate which we had
yesterday evening, and in which various inter-
rogatories were propounded to pae, I was endeav-
oring to ascertain the positions of gentlemen who
asked me questions and not to state my own, and
I did not state them. X do not think, however,
that questions as to whether a gentleman- is for
Mr. Douglas or for this Administration, have any-
thing to do with the election of a Speaker. The
true question is, what are the great interests of the
country, and what do those interests demand ?
Do thoy demand that a Republican or a Democrat
should be elected Speaker of this House ? That
is the true question, sir; and these questions which
gentlemen aslt as to what is my opinion about this
man or that man for the Presidency, have no per-
tinency and no relevancy, in my opinion, to the
organization of the House. But, sir, as I have
said, I am always ready to give my opinion, and
if any gentleman will ask it on my own side of
the House who has a right to ask it, as it is a
matter between Democrats, he shall have it fully
and fairly.
I have already given my opinion as to what I
tlunk ought to be the position of the Democratic
n, at Charleston, in making a nomination for
'residency. If the convention pursue the
course which I deem to be the proper one, it will
nominate a candidate who will accept a pl&tform
constructed as I have stated. If the convention
docs not give to its platform a. plain meaning, so
that it may not be misunderstood, then it will bo
for me to decide whether I will give my support
to any man who may be nominated upon it.
There is another question upon which I pro-
pose to give my opinion. As I have exposed the
position of the Republican party, in what they
consider the constitutional administration of the
Government, I suppose they would like to know
what I would do in the event of the election of a
member of the Republican party as President of
the United States. I will not hesitate to give it.
Before, however, I give my opinion, let me give
the opinions of some other gentlemen. I want
them to go out with mine. I ask the Clerk to read
what I send to him.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Sir, you have been pleased to say, that I have the Union
of these .States at heart; tins, sir, is most true, for if there
be one object dearer to me than any other, it is the unity,
pio-peuty, and gfoiy of this groat Republic j and T confess
frankly, fir, that I fear it is in danger. I say nothing of any
particular section, much less of the several candidates be-
foie the people. J presume they are all honorable men.
But, sir, what do wc see ? An exasperated feeling between
the North and the South, on the most exciting of all topics,
les-ultinej in bloodshed and ojgamzed military array.
^ " But this is not all, sn We bee a political party present-
ing candidates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency,
selected for the lirst time ftom the free States alone, with
the avowed purpose of electing these candidates by suf-
frages of one part of the Union only, to tule over the whole
United States. Can it be possible that those who are en-
gaged in such a measure can have seriously reflected upon
the consequences which must inevitably follow, In case of
success ? Can they have the madness or the folly to believe
that our southern brethren would submit to be governed by
such a Chief iVIagistratc? Would he be required to follow
the same rule presciibed by those who Elected him. in
making his appointments ? If a man living south of Mason
and Djxon's line he not worthy to be President or Vice
President, would it be proper to select one from the same
quarter as one of his cabinet council, or to represent the
nation in a foreign country ? Or, indeed, to collect the rev-
enue, or administer the law* of the United States? If not,
what new rule is the President to adopt m selecting men
for office, that the people themselves discard m selecting
him? These are seiious but practical questions, and in
oider to appreciate them fully, it is only necessary to turn
the tables upon ourselves. Suppose that the South, having
a majority of the electoral votes, should declare that they
would only have slaveholders for President and Vice Presi-
dent, and should elect such, by their exclusive suffrages, to
