1859.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rule over us at the North. * Do you think we would submit
to it? No, not for a moment. And do you believe that
your southern brethren are Jess sensitive on this subject than
you are, or less jealous of their rights ? If youdo,letmetell
you that you are mistaken. And, therefore, you must see
that if this sectional party succeeds, it leads inevitably to
the destruction of this beautiful fabric, reared by our fore-
fathers, cemented by their blood, and bequeathed to us as
a priceless inheritance.
" I tell you, my friends, that I feel deeply, and therefore I
speak earnestly on this subject, [cries of < You're right!']
for I feerthat you are in danger." ■
That, sir, is the opinion of Mr. Fillmore, given
in a speech which he made at Albany, in July,
1856. _ He is regarded as the great head of the
conservative party of this country. It seems,
when he took that position in his speech at Al-
bany, that those to whom he spoke cried, "Go
on; you are right." Mr. Fillmore, the leader of
the southern Oppositionists upon this floor, took
the position that the people of the North could not
submit to the election of a purely sectional can-
didate upon the part of the slaveholders, and there
were cries of "Go on; you are right." He was
sustained by northern sentiment. Let me read
the position of another man, who is the leader
of another great party:
" Having spent my manhood, though not my whole life,
in a free State, no aristocracy of any kind, much less an
aristocracy of slaveholders, shall ever make the laws of tile
land in which I shall be content to live."
Who says that ? It is the language of the leader
of another great party; it is the language of Mr.
Seward, the great leader of the Republican party.
It is the language of Mr. Seward's speech at
Rochester. I have got, then, the leaders of two
great parties committed to this proposition. What
further does he say ?
"Having seen the society around me universally engaged
in agriculture, manufactures, and trade, which were inno-
cent and beneficent, 1 shall never be a denizen of a State
where men and women are reared as cattle, and bought and
sold as merchdndi c ! When that evil day shall come, and all
further effort at resistance sliali be impossible, then, it" there
shall be no further hope for redemption than I can now
foresee, I shall say, with Franklin, while looking abioad
over the whole earth for a more congenial home, 1 Where
liberty dwells, there is my country.'"
He refers, I presume, to some country where
black men and white men have liberty alike. The
only difference between the two great leaders is,
that Mr. Fillmore, the leader of the conservative
party, would resist the Government under a slave-
holder, and the leader of the Republican party
would run away from it. Both take the position
that they would not submit to it. Suppose I take
the same position, and say that if a Republican is
elect®! President upon their programme as I have
stated it—if a Republican is elected upon the basis
of the organization of the Republican party, which,
in securing the Federal Government, is, by legis-
lative enactment, to annihilate the rights, under
the Constitution, belonging to the South—then, in
that event, I will not live"under such a Govern-
ment, then I will not submit to it. If I stated that,
what would be the lesult? Why, sir, you would
see it published in a thousand papers that I am a
disunionist and a traitor. 1 would be denounced
as a fire-eater. Cannot I take tile flame position,
cannot men from the South take the .same posi-
tion, that has been taken by the great leader of
those who profess to be conservative, and that
lias been taken by the great leader of the. Repub-
lican party, without being called disunionists and
traitors ? Why, sir, if I am a disunionist and a
traitor, they must be all in the same category—
they are all disunionists and traitors I do not
denounce any as such. My speech is not made
in the spirit or terms of a disunionist, but in a
spirit of argument, and with a fair statement of
facts, and the position and principles of public
man.
Well, sir, I do not hesitate to say here, as I
said to my constituents at home—and I was sent
here, first, without seeking the position, and I was
sent back again without opposition—that if a Re-
publican President is elected upon that platform
under which they say they will legislate the rights
of the southern portion of the Confederacy away,
I, for one, am not willing to submit to it. I said
to my constituents, and to the people at the cap-
ital of my State, on my way here, that if such an
event did occur, while it would be their duty to
determine the course which the State would pur-
sue, it would be my privilege to counsel with
them as to what I believed to be the proper course;
and I said to them, what I say now and will al-
ways say in such an event, that my counsel would
be to take independence out of the TJnio-n in pref-
erence to the loss of constitutional rights, and
consequent degradation and dishonor, in it. That
is my position, and it is the position which I
know the Democratic party of the State -of Mis-
sissippi will maintain.
One remark in reference to the Union, and I am
done. For a constitutional Union I have as much
respect and as much devotion as any man; but,
sir, for a Union without the Constitution, or even
with its forms, when the spirit is swept away, I
have no respect,no veneration, no attachment. I
differ from the gentlemen who think the Union
cannot, last without the Constitution. I know
that a constitutional Union cannot last without it;
but the hanging together of the States may exist
when the spirit of the Constitution has passed
away; and it is for that Union I say I have no re-
spect, no veneration, and no attachment. I say,
in reference to the Union, that in the existing con-
dition of things as they now present themselves
before the. country, with an anti-slavery party ar-
rayed with the power it has, with the prospect
and probability of their getting control of the
Federal Government to carry out their principles,
by legislation—in that condition, I say, while I
would not now break up the Government, yet,
if the Union were not made, I would not now
make it.
And I have further to say, that I have no song
to sing the praises of the Union outside of the
Constitution, or a Union under the forms of the
Constitution, when its spirit has gone. I have no
harp or timbrel with which to celebrate its fixture
victories over the rights of the South. It proved
itself stronger than the constitutional rights of the
South in 1850. My fears are that, while the forms
of the Constitution may last, with its spirit passed
away, it will prove itself stronger than constitu-
tional liberty m this Government.
Mr. CARTER obtained the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 ask the gentleman to give
way to mc for a moment.
Mr. CARTER. I desire only to make a short
personal explanation. It wjll occupy only a few
minutes.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the House will pro-
ceed to a ballot.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
has the floor for a personal explanation.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Clerk, I rise, not for the
purpose of making a speech, but that I may say
a few words in the way of explanation. It is now
going on two weeks since we came together as the
Representatives of a free and enlightened people,
for the purpose of forming a Congress of the United
States. The people who sent us here require cer-
tain duties to be performed. Is there no respon-
sibility resting upon us, which should govern us
in the discharge of those duties ? Do we intend
to ignore the rights of the people ? Are we gov-
erned by no principle, no law? Do we mean to
say to the astonished world that our unbridled
passions shall be no longer curbed by the whole-
some restraints of the Government instituted by
our fathers, and left as a monument of their un-
dying love of country; and who, with their last
breath, prayed to the God of nations that this Gov-
ernment might be preserved for all time, as a
crown of glory to the sons of freedom ?
Gentlemen, this unlicensed course may be sport
to you; but you must remember that it is death
to the principles of the American Government,
Avliich require strict obedience to all constituted
'laws. You cannot escape the responsibility of
these proceedings, nor from the effects of the evil
example which lias been set in this House, since
we have been here assembled; for, seemingly, all
law has been defied, and unbridled license has
been given to some of the worst passions of our
nature, by letting loose the fiery tongue of vitu-
peration and slander upon States and people, de-
scendingalso to individuals, and in the most violent
language denouncing them and their motives, be-
cause they do not see fit to join this party or that
party, and be bound, hand and foot, to the dictation
of its leaders. This vituperation is reechoed by
the party press, and by individual partisans, from
all parts of the country, creating feuds and fac-
tions among the people, where all should be peace
and harmony. The people whom I have the honor
to represent upon this floor, elected me because
they knew that I was not a servile partisan, yet I
ana now denounced by a certain press, and placed
among those whom it calls the imbeciles-of this
House, because I took a seat upon this side of the
House, and voted, as I then thought,for the best
good of the country. An imbecile I may be, but
not quite so much of one as I would be, if I
should allow myself to be awed or intimidated by
any such attacks.
I have voted for the nominee of the Republican
party for Speaker; but not until I had learned from
his own lips that he was a national man, and that
he would organize this House, and discharge the
duties of that office, as a national man should do,
for the best good of the country; and I am willing
to take his word for it; more especially as I have
not hoard it questioned during all this strife. All
that has been laid to his charge is, that he signed
or recommended a certain book. He has explained
how that was done. I have another, and, if pos-
sible, stronger reason for voting for him; and that
is, because he is the chosen candidate of the largest
number of this body who have voted for any one
man; and, under the excited feelingwhich seems
to prevail here, it will require the largest number
to sustain any man as Speaker in the discharge of
his duties, or no order will prevail.
If there was ever a time in the history of man,
when the people and their Representatives were
called upon to exercise reason, with judgment,
that time is now, for us, and the people who have
sent us here. When we have shown ourselves
loyal to the Government, by obeying its man-
date, and have organized this House, and taken
ane\# the oath of allegiance, I shall be ready to
meet any questions and to give my support, how-
ever feeble, to any measures that may be advanced
for the best good of the country, let them come
from what side of the House they may; but until
that is done, I consider that we have no privileged
rights here, above any other citizens of the coun-
try. When that is done, and we stand here the
accredited Representatives of the people, I shall
sustain to the extent of my feeble ability, every
sovereign right of the Sjates and people, as guar-
antied by the national Constitution. If we differ
in relation to the meaning of that instrument, I
shall be willing to submit to the spirit of the Gov-
ernment, and abide by the voice of a majority of
the people, which will settle all these questions,
whether we would or no.
It would seem, from much that has been said,
as though we are about to depart from the Gov-
ernment, as established by our fathers. Arc we
here, like the Israelites of old, clamoring for f£
king? If we are, I can understand the meaning
of thisfrequentreference to this man and that man,
and to the opinions they may have expressed.
But, if we arc not seeking to place any man above
the Government and institutions of our country,
I cannot see the force of most of the speeches
which we have heard. This national Govern-
ment is (or was intended to be) carried on by a
Congress of sovereign States as well as people.
What care the States and-.people of the North
about the political course which any individual of
the South has taken, in order to secure himself a
seat in this House ? or what care the States and
people of the South, what opinion this or that
man holds, at the North? The States and people
of the several States are sovereign and independ-
ent of each other, except in so far as they have
delegated such sovereignty to the national Gov-
ernment.
We are here to aid in the administration of this
national Government, so that it may extend its
protection to the sovereign rights of all who may
take refuge under the outspread wings of the Amer-
ican eagle. Here is no place, it seems to me, to fight
over again the battles of our political canvass in
our individual districtsor States. We should soar
above such political strife when in the discharge
of our duties here. We should strive to imbue
ourselves with the love of country , and so cement
ourselves to the national Constitution (as the gov-
erning principle of the nation) that it may not lose
its power to protect us in all our inalienable rights
as freemen. Then we should have no fear of the
individual opinions of any man or set of men.
But, if this strife is merely to make platforms
upon which to place your favorite candidates for
President in 1860, your labor has b^en in vain;
for the common sense of the people will be the
platform which will raise the next man to that
high office. The people want a man; they are
tired of platform-Presidents. When the people
