1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
212!
the inhabitants of the Territories derive their
power to form a government from the consent of
Congress; that when we decide that there are
enough of them to constitute a government, then
we enact ail organic law, and they have power
to legislate according to their will; deriving this
power from an act of Congress, a limited agency
tied down to the narrowest sphere of the consti-
tutional grant, having sovereignty for its crea-
ture. I had occasion the other day to refer to
the higher law in one branch of it—the first ap-
pearance of the higher law on earth—the occa-
sion when the tempter entered the garden of Eden.
This is another point. "Whoever attempts to in-
terpose between the supreme law of the creator
and the creature, whether it be in the regions of
morals or politics, proclaims a higher law that
wars upon every principle of government. When
the Congress of the Untted States, the agent for
the States, within the limits' of its authority,
forms, as it were, a constitution, a fundamental
law, by its organic act, for the Territories, he
who steps in and proclaims to the settlers in those
Territories that they have the right to overturn
the power of the Government, to usurp to them-
selves powers not delegated, is preaching the
higher 4aw in the domain of politics, which is
only less mischievous than the other, because the
other involves politics and morals in one confu-
sion. It is a doctrine equally offensive, and
equally against the principles of Government.
But the Senator, in some other of his remarks,
spoke of the denial of Democratic fellowship to
him. I believe, after what I have said, and after
what has been acknowledged by the Senator, it is
useless for me to suppose that could have any ap-
plication to me. I know of 110 denial to the Sena-
tor on the part of the Dcmociatic Senators here
of fellowship with us. Far be it from me to
vaunt the fact of being in a majority, and to hold
him to the hard rule he prescribes to us, of sur-
rendering an opinion because we may happen to
be m a minority. Were I to return now to him
the measure with which he metes it to us, and
follow his plan of proclaiming, because he ob-
tained (by means which I must hereafter notice)
a temporary majority in the Charleston conven-
tion, therefore that he has a right to prescribe
what shall be our tenets in time to come, I might
turn to him and say, as a single adherent of the
Democratic party, how can you stand up against
the resolutions pending before the Senate? If
twenty-seven majority in abody of three hundred
and three constitutes, as he assumes, the power to
lay down a binding law, what is to be said of him
who, a single adherent, stands up against the
whole of the Democratic body of his associates?
He must be outside of the party, according to
his construction; he must be wandering in the
dark regions to which he consigns the followers
of Mr. Yancey.
The Senator said he had no taste for references
to things which were personal, and then proceeded
to discuss what he showed himself profoundly
ignorant about—the condition of things in Mis-
sissippi. It is disagreeable for me to bring before
the Senate matters which belong to my constitu-
ents and to myself, and i should not do so but
for the fact of the Senator's elaborate speech,
made to be spread over the country. The Sena-
tor, by some means or other, knows nearly every 1
citizen in Mississippi; and some of them have |
complained to me of the documents he has sent
there being of such a character that they do not j
like to have them. This speech of his is to be !
sent over this wide field t>f correspondence; and !
he undertakes in it to give a history of affairs that j
were transacted in Mississippi He first an-
nounces that Mississippi rebuked the idea of in-
tervention asserted in 1850; then that Mississippi
rejected my appeal; that Mississippi voted on the
issue made up by the compromise measures of
1850, and decided against me, and vaunts it as an
approval of that legislation of which he was the
advocate and I the opponent. Now, Mississippi '
did none of these things. Mississippi instructed !
her Senators, and I obeyed her instructions. I
introduced into this body the resolutions which
directed my course. On that occasion I vindicated
Mississippi from the falsehoods of that day, and
reiterated now, of any purpose for a dissolution
of the Union by the southern rights meu.^ I vin-
dicated her by extracts from the proceedings, as
well of her convention as of her primary assem-
blies; and in my own remarks I justified the Sen-
ator in saying that he knew I had always been
faithful to the Government of which I was a part.
But as it devolves upon me, I must state some-
thing in relation to these facts. Acting under the
instructions from Mississippi—not merely voting
and yielding a reluctant compliance; but, accord-
ing to my ideas of the obligation of a Senator,
laboring industriously and zealously to carry out
the instructions which my State gave me—I took
and maintained the position I held in relation to
the measures of 1850. As it was with me a cor-
dial service, I went home to vindicate their posi-
tion as well as my own. Shortly after that, a
canvass was opened in which a distinguished gen-
tleman of our party was nominated for Governor.
Questions, other than the compromise measures
of 1850, arose in that canvass; they were dis-
cussed to the exclusion of the action of the Senate
and the House in 1850; and in September we had
fallen from a majority of some eight thousand
to a minority of nearly the same number. It was
after the decision of the question, after our party
was dispersed, after the candidate retired, that the
Democracy of Mississippi called upon me to bear
their standard. It was esteemed a forlorn hope,
therefore an obligation of honor not to decline the
invitation. But so far as the action in the Senate,
in 1850 was concerned, if it had any efFcct,itmust
have been that which was shown in the conse-
quent election on the first Monday in November,
when this majority of nearly eight thousand
against us was reduced to something less than ono
thousand.
My friend [Mr. Wigfall] suggests to mc that
I may not be understood. I must, therefore, I
suppose, be more explicit. General Gluitman was
the candidate of the Democratic party. When lie
withdrew, after the election of delegates to the
convention, I became his successor. His original
opponent was the then Senator, afterwards Gov-
ernor Foote, as he was also mine. The election
in September was for members of the State con-
vention; that of November, was for State officers.
But when this convention assembled, though the
Senator has been pleased to term the party " sub-
missiomsts"—a name which they always rejected
—when this convention assembled, composed of
members chosen by the party adverse to my
views—and as I have explained those views be-
fore, I shall not detain the Senate by going over
them now—this conventionof tho party supposed
to be most adverse to mc, and who actually were
so, when they came to act on the subject, said,
after reciting these measures:
"And connected with them, the rejection of the propo-
sition to exclude slavery from the Teiritones of tlie United
States, and to abolish it in the District of Columbia; and,
whilst they do not cntii civ approve, will abide by it as a per-
manent adjustment of thin sectional controversy, so long as
the hame, m all its features, shall be hiithl'ully adheicd to
and enforced."
Then they go on and recite six different causes
for which they will resort to all the remedies which
we had supposed ever could be necessary; and
now, my case only requires that I should say
that the party to which 1 belonged, did not then,
nor at any previous time, propose to go out of the
Union. They proposed to have a convention;
and it was at last narrowed down to the question
whether we should meet South Carolina and con-
sult with her. Honoring that gallant State for the
devotion she had manifested in the very birth of
the Government, in the very first struggle for in-
dependence when she, a favored colony, feeling
no oppression, nursed by the mother country,
cherished at every step, yet agreed with Massa-
chusetts, then oppressed, to assert the great prin-
ciple of community independence, and to carry it
to the extent of war—honoring her throughout
her whole course at a subsequent period—believ-
ing then that she was true to her faith, and would
redeem all her pledges; feeling that a friendly hand
might restrain, while, if left to herself, her pride
might precipitate her to a separate trial, I did de-
sire to meet South Carolina in convention, though
nobody but ourselves should be there to join her.
Then this convention, m its seventh resolution,
after stating all those questions on which it would
resist, declared:
" That as the people of Mississippi, in the opinion of this
convention, desire all further agitation of the slaveiy ques-
tion to cease, and have acted upon and decided the forego-
ing questions, thereby making it the duty of this conven-
tion to pass no act in the purview and spirit of the Jaw
under which it is called, this convention deems it unneces-
sary to refer to the people for approval of disapproval/at the
ballot-box, its actionin the premises.^ - 1
So that when the Senator appealed to this as
evidence of what the people'of Mississippi had
done, he was ignorant of the fact that the dele-
gates of the people of Mississippi did not-agree
with him; that their resolutions did not sustain
the view which he took, and that the people' of
Mississippi never acted on it. If, then, there had
been good taste in the invasion of this local ques-
tion, there was certainly very bad judgment in
hazarding his statements on a subject of which
he was so profoundly ignorant.
But the Senator says—and here, as in relation
to our friends at Charleston, he takes kind care
of us, and supposes we do not knowwhat we are
after, but that he, with his superior discrimina-
tion , sees what must necessarily result from what
we are doing—he says that at Charleston they
did not intend to destroy the Government. Oh,
no, they are innocent people; but he warns them
that if they do what they propose they will de-
stroy it; and so he says we of Mississippi, not de-
siring to break up the Union, nevertheless pur-
sued a course which, if it had not been checked,
would have broken it up. "Where does he get all
this information ? I have been in every State of
the Union except two—three, now, since Oregon
has been admitted—but I have never seen a man
who had as much personal knowledge, and yet
whose facts were so contrary to the record.
We believed then, as I believe now, that this
Union, as a compact entered into between the
States, was to be preserved by good faith and by
a close observance of tho terms on which we were
united. We believed then, as I believe now, that
the man who rested upon the basis of truth and
promulgated his opinions, and had them tested in
the alcmbic of public opinion, is the only man
who is treading the path of safety. X cannot bear
such a doctrine as that which says " you may
construe the Constitution your way and I will
construe it-mine, and we will wait with these two
constructions and harmonize together until the
courts decide the question between us." A mania
bound to have an opinion upon any subjectupon
which he is bound to act; and it is skulking re-
sponsibility for a Senator to say, " I cannot ex-
press my opinion, but I will agree that you may
have yours, and I will have mine; we will yoke
together, we will beat the Opposition, divide the
spoils, and leave it to the courts to decide the
question between us." *
I do not believe that this is the path of safety;
I am sure it is not the way of honor. I believe it
devolves on us, who are principally sufferers from
the danger to which this policy has driven us, to
affirm the truth boldly, and lot the people decide
after the promulgation of our opinions. Our Gov-
ernment, resting as it docs upon public opinion
and popular consent, was not formed to deceive
the people and to manage them by men in office.
We should derive our opinions from the people;
not undertake to enforce ours upon them. To
know what their opinion is, it is necessary that
we should pronounce, in unmistakable language,
what we ourselves mean.
My belief is, further, that there is no portion of
our country where the people are not sufficiently
intelligent to discriminate between right and
wrong, and no portion of mankind where tho
sense of justice does not predominate. I therefore
have been always willing to throw our flag to the
breeze, with all our principles most plainly in-
scribed upon it. I believe we ask nothing but
what the Constitution was intended to confer; we
ask nothing but that which, as equals, we are en-
titled to receive; and I am willing, therefore, that
our case should be plainly stated to those who
have to decide it, and abide, for good or for evil,
their verdict.
For two days the Senator spoke, as it seemed,
upon the resolutions; as it was believed, upon the
territorial question; but he was like the man who,
when called upon to testify, commenced before
the creation, and was stopped by the judge, and
told to come down to tlia deluge. I was very
anxious to bear somebody brmghim down to the
point before us. What is the question on which
the Democracy are divided? Are we called upon
to settle what everybody said from 1847 down to
this date? Have the Democracy divided on that?
Have they divided on the resolutions of the States
in 1840, or 1844, or 1848? Have the Democracy
