1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
viso which I do not understand that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Florida touches in any
shape. I would ask him to explain how far tho
lost clause of his amendment differs from the pro-
vision in tho bill?
Mr. MALLORY. It is not my objcct at all to
deprive the Senate or the country or the Depart-
ment of any means of ascertaining correctly the
condition of ships befoue making repairs; and if
the provision comes from the source from which
the honorable Senator says it does, which I have
no doubt of, I have confidence in that gentleman's
judgment. 1 Vidians the adoption of this provision
may lead to making the master'carpenters of thfi
yard—1 presume they are hen.' referred to as
master workmen; tins master workmen are mas-
ter block-makers, master riggers,&c.—it may re-
sult in making these permanent employments. I
concur in that. I think they ought to be perma-
nent employments; and I will modify my amend-
ment to suit the observations of the Senator from
Maine, and make the provision which I have pio-
posed to insert apply only to the last clausc of the
proviso on page 3, line forty-five. I propose to
strike out all after the word " power," and then
insert my amendment relating to information in
regard to the changc of vessels from sailing to
steam vessels.
M r. FESSENDEN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided. That theSeci etary of the Navy cause a careful
examination to be made by naval officers, engineers, and
conbtuiciur-5 into the condition of the sailing vessels of the
Navy, and the cost of givin? them, or any of them, full
steam powci, together with the expediency of makingtsuch
cuangc in view of the co^t, condition, model, and general
clMtacter of auch vessel* so altered ; and that the wpoit of
such officers, losethei with the rfecretaiy's views tlieicon,
be communicated to Congtess at its next session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know enough
about that to object to it at all, and I will not un-
dertake to set up my opinion against that of the
chairman of the committee; but 1 suggest whether
that Amendment should not come in after the
word " oidered," in the fortieth line, for there is
something above where the Senator proposes to
insert it very much the same thing.
Mr. MALLORY. Perhaps it would be better;
and I propose that the amendment come in after
the word " provided," in the fortieth line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And leave the other as
it is£
Mr. MALLORY. Yes. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I shall make
no opposition to it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 have only one other amend-
ment. It is to insert, as a new section:
And le it further evaded, That pmscisiu the Na\y of the
United Statusj.ball hereai'uu belled payma*tei-, and that
all l.uv^ and regulation-* applying to them as puiseis, and all
ri^poiteibiiuie-j and obligations attaching to them as
t-hali iumam in lull lorce, and continue tu apply to them
nndcM the title of paymasters.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. I beg leave to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
And l->y it f.nlhcr enacted. That the third section of the
nav.il appiopi iaiu>n b:!i, appioved the 3d of Maich, 1859,
b"  >) otiiisUacd that, in c.u>c any officers weie or would
have been employed, on the tuimmauon of their cjuisO, on
special dutv, in piepannsj the loulta thereof, lio shall ic-
cetve (ho pay ot Mich -pteial duty of his rank while he was
Or would have been employed, as aforesaid.
This is simply to settle a difficulty in the con-
struction of the'law asitnow stands. Itappears
that, at tho Navy Department, there is some doubt
as to ihe extent to which the third section of the
bill of 1859 ;;oes. That third section, in restoring
tho retired officeis to the Navy list, provided for
their pay up to the end of the cruise. Itappears
that there arc several officeis who when restored
weie on special duty at the time, and that special
duty With continued during the period that they
were on the retired list. It appears that the con-
stiuelum /riven to this clause by (he Department
now does not embiace those officers who were
restored that were performing special service at
that time. One case, that I have particularly in
my mind, was that of an officer who was taken
sick while on duty at sea; was brought home after
a cruise of eighteen months; was retired; and
finally put back into the original position ho occu-
pied before; and under this clause he has received
merely his sea pay. Upon his letum home, after
he had been brought down to the retired list, he
was ordered by the Department to go on and
complete the results of the work of his explora-
tions up to the time that he had been brought
home. He was on service some eighteen months,
and the remainder of the cruise was performed
by another officer, who is now carrying out the
work assigned to him under a special order, and
he is receiving his compensation for it. This
particular officer is also upon special duty, per-
forming the very same work up to the time he
was stricken down, for which he gets no pay at
all. This amendment is only to settle the con-
struction of the law passed last year; and I believe
the Attorney General entirely concurs in the pro-
priety of the construction proposed by the amend-
ment I have offered.
Mr. MALLORY. This refers, I believe, to
but one officer; and even if it referred to more, it
is a personal claim. I raise the point of order,
therefore, that it has no business on this bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to say one
word to explain my view of this matter. When the
officers who were dismissed by the Navy board
were restored, Congress, intending to make their
situation exactly what it would have been if they
had not been displaced, passed a law with the intent
of restoring them to all the pay to which they would
have been entitled if they had not been removed.
Some little difficulty arose in the construction of
this law at the Department. It was referred to the
Attorney General, and the Attorney General gave
it a construction favorablcto the officers. The Sec-
retary of the Navy differed with the Attorney Gen-
eral, and refused to make the allowance. The
effect of this amendment is simply to grant to these
officers what, according to the opinion of the At-
torney General, they are entitled to, under existing
laws; and the declaration here contained becomes
necessary, because there is the Secretary of the
Navy undertaking to differ with that officer of the
Governmcnton the construction of law. I think,
theiefore, it may be considered as a payment au-
thorized by law.
Mr. WILSON. I regret very much that the
act of last March was ever passed. I think it
was a mistake,and I should vote cheerfully to re-
peal it. I regret the passage of the act increas-
ing the pay of officers of the Navy. I think it
was a mistake to pass it at all. I am glad that the
Secretary of the Navy has construed that law very
rigidly and very carefully.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is under the law of
1859, not^ider the pay law of the present ses-
sion.
Mr. WILSON. I misapprehended thatpoint.
Although I mistook the law to which reference
was made, the argument remains the same. 1
hope we shall not adopt this amendment. I will
say—though I say it with some deference—that!
have more'confidcnce in the opinions of the Navy
Department than I have in the opinions of the
Attorney General. There is something very sin-
gular about the opinions of tho latter officer. It
seems that he is willing to give any opinion that
is wanted. He has construed this law one way,
and the proper Department has construed it the
other. J hope we shall not adopt this amend-
ment, and interfere with the view of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. KENNEDY. If honorable Senatois will
allow mc, I think I can make this case a little
more plainly understood by stating the lacts
somewhat minutely. It appeals that some years
ago, I think m 1853 or in 1&S4, an expedition was
ordered to the China seas, under the command of
Captain Ringgold. When Captain Ringgold had
been in those seas some eighteen months, he was
stricken down by fever, and was in a very pros-
trate slate for along lime, when he was super-
seded m his command by Commodore Perry, and
sent home. Upon his return home, a charge was
made that his mind was affected. A board ol
examiners sat upon his case, and pronounced him
entirely restored to health, and entirely sane.
During the time that he was coming home, the
retiring boaid struck him down from a commander
to the retired list. Ono of the very first acts that
was done under the operation of the law aiUbor-
ii'/tns; the reopening of the cases of those gentle-
men who were retired and dropped, was the restor-
ing of Captain Ringgold to his original command,
and he has been from that day todiis performing
the special scrvice of preparing the results of that
voyage of eighteen months, under the orders of
Secretary Dobbin, with the assurance arid under
express orders, now on file, that he should be'
paid for all his personal expenses incurred in pre-
paring those charts. He is out of pocket for office
rent and for clerk hire in preparing those charts
under that order, some one thousand or twelve *
hundred dollars. He supposed, when thisamend-
ment was put upon the appropriation bill of last
year, that it would covcr his case, and I will reatf
it to refresh the memory of Senators. The clause
is:
uSf o.3. Andbeitfurtkcr enactcd, That the sixth suction
of the act of 16th January, 1857, entitled ' An act to amend
an act to promote the efficiency of tSie. Navy,' shall be so
construed as to include officers who, nt the time tkey were
dropped or placed on the reserved list, bad been detached
from duty or removed from command for supposed ineffi-
ciency or unfitness, but who have ^incc been restored to
tho active list; and such officers shall receive the same pay
they were leeeiving, respectively, when they were so de-
tached or removed, up to the termination of their cruise,
when so detached, deducting any pay they may have other-
wise received during the tune aforesaid."
Under the construction given to that law, the
present Secretary thinks that Captain Ringgold
is not entitled to any compensation for the service
that he was performing under the spccial orders
of Secretary Dobbin, upon his return home when
he was pronounced to be entirely restored to
health. This is merely to give him the pay that
is now given to his successor in the command of
that expedition, Compandor Rodgers, who, after
taking charge of the squadron, went on and fin-
ished the surveys of those seas, came home, and
is now employed in preparing the results of his
voyage. Captain Ringgold is doing prcciscly the
same thing, and has been doing it from the very
moment he reported himself to the Navy Depart-
ment. The law, as it has been construed, only
gives him the pay to which he would have been
entitled for sea-service without this particular
special duty that he has been performing under
the orders of a previous Secretary of the Navy.
The Fourth Auditor has pronounced his claim
just, and ono that ought to be paid without trouble,
The matter has been twice referred to the Attor-
ney General, and the Attorney General concurs
in the justice and propriety of it, as I understand.
I saw the Secretary of the Navy myself, m regard
to it, and he was not very clear as to Captain
Ringgold's case being embraced, because the law
said the officer should be paid up to the termina-
tion of the cruise only; but on the termination of
the cruisc and returning home he reported l\imself
for service, and, in accordance with the previous
instructions that had been given to him by a pre-
vious Secretary, he went on to carry them out. He
has since been employed in that service up to this
hour; but from the fact that he was stricken down,
removed from his command, and put upon the
reined list, he only gets the benefit of the hi\y of
last year for the position that he would have occu-
pied if he had not been upon that particular ser-
vice. He meielyasks now what is allowed to
Commander Rodgcrs for preparing the results of
the end of the same cruise.
Mr. MALLORY. This is evidently a private
claim. That is the point I made: but if it is de-
cided against mc, I wish to speak to the merits
of the proposition.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask for the amendment
merely to settle the construction of this law at the
Depariment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bioler in
the chair.) The amendment contains no appro-
priation, and the Chair thinks it is not liable to
exception under the rule.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I will address myself
to the merits of the case. This is a private claim
of Commander Ringgold. The proposition is to
give him pay to a certain amount, and to give it
to nobody else. I shall not now indicate what
my vote would be on this claim, if it were pre-
sented on its own merits as a private bill, and I
hope it will come up in that shape. It does not
come heie with the recommendation of the Navy
Depaitmcnt. There is nothing before us show-
in®- its approbation by the Department that has
examined it, and has the matter in charge. It is
an extension of pay to which I object in toto, as
at present advised.
The sixth section of the bill of 1857, to which
allusion has been made, gave those officers who
were letired and dropped and restored again,
the pay they were drawing when so retired or
dropped. That is the case of Commander Ring-
