3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
gold. He had been relieved from duty on account
of physical inability, and in that condition was
retired. He was restored again; and he receives
the pay he was getting when he was so retired.
He was retired for physical inability which he
was undergoing, as I say, at the time he was re-
tired, and when restored he drew the pay which
he was entitled to draw under the bill. But this
amendment goes one step further.
Then, sir, by a subsequent law, we extended
that section to embrace another class of officers.
By the act of March 3,1859, we extended the pro-
visions of that clause to other officers who could
notget the pay. N ow this provision for Mr. Ring-
gold makes a third class of officers, namely, those
who did special duty, or those who might have
done special duty. The amendment is:
" That the third section of the naval appropriation bill,
approved the 3d of March, 1859, be so constiued that, in
case any ofiiecrs weie or would have been employed"—
Cases where they were employed are embraced
already by the existing law, but now it is pro-
posed to embrace cases where the officers
" would have been employed, on the termination of their
cruise, on spccial duty in preparing the results thereof;"—
And proposes to give
" the pay of such spccial duty of his rank while he was or
would have been employed, as aforesaid."
I object, by this special legislation, to taking a
single gentleman from an entire class and legis-
lating for him specially on an appropriation bill,
particularly when wc have increased the pay not
only of himself, but of every officer in the service;
and for this reason the Naval Committee have re-
sisted every importunity from personal claimants
at this session. There have been hundreds, 1 will
say, before the Naval Committee, so framed in
different ways as to evade the rule of otder that
they might come in on the appropriation bill; but
wc have staved them off. with a desire to bring
this bill to the Senate without a single private claim
upon it. 1 will not indicate that Captain Ringgold
is not entitled to this pay; but if his bill comes up
on its own merits, I will give it mature attention,
and go as far to give him his just compensation as
anybody else.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have a small amendment which
1 am instructed by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to present as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enactcd, That section live of Hit; naval
appropriation net, nppiovod August 31, 18«">2, allowing a.
percentage on the pay of the clmR* employed at the navv-
vard and marine barracks in the city of Washington, shall
so constiued as ro include the eJcrks and poitri in the
Nat)' agent's office for said yard, and the rncshcngei in the
commandant'# office.
Mr, MALLORY. I raise the point of order
on that, in the first place, to settle the question
whether the amendment is in order. 1 was out-
voted upon it in the .Naval Committee. X thought
it a personal claim—a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is presented in the shape of legislation.
Mr. HALE. The amendment makes no appro-
priation; it is not retrospective, but is simply
explanatory of an act; and if the Senate will hear
me for a moment, I think they will have no hesi-
tancy in adopting it. In 1854 the Senator from
"California, [Mr. Gwin,] at that time chairman of
the Committee oil Naval Affairs, reported the
same amendment, and it was adopted by the Sen-
ate without a division; and he made an explana-
tion of it, which, as it is only about ten lines, I
will read:
" I will f«tate that, by that act, an increase of compensa-
tion was made to the officers in the navy-yaid. The Navy
agent Iwre. however, lor the convenience of the Govern-
ment <utd the Dep-utinent, docs not hold hi^ office m the
yard; and tiiereiom, while the naval storekeeper and all
the cinlu in the navy--\aid get the benefits.ot that act, the
clerk* of the iVavy agent do not get an> increase. This is
to equalize all the clerks attached to the navy-yaid/'
The amendment was agreed to without a divis-
ion. An act was passed in 1853 increasing the
compensation of the clerks in the city of Wash-
ington, and from the accident that the Navy agent
did not hold his office in the navy-yard, his clerks,
by a rigid construction of the Comptroller, were
excluded. The Comptroller was afterwards sat-
isfied that it was wrong, and he requested that
this amendment be adopted. It was adopted in the
Senate unanimously in 1854, and by the instruc-
tion of the same committee it was again offered
in 1858. and the same icasotis were given for it;
but the Globe says that Mr. Hunter, of Virginia,
took the exception that it was a private claim, j
Now I think that must be a slander upon that gen- j
tleman, because he never would have raised such j
an objection as that; but the Globe so says. He
did it upon the ground that it was retroactive;
but it is not retroactive; it simply directs the ac-
counting officers to pay it for the future. As it
is so just, as it passed the Senate unanimously
once, and is recommended by three naval com-
mittees, and is simply to do an act of tardy justice
to these poor clerks, who get little enough at any
rate, 1 hope the Senate will adopt it. ,
Mr. MALLORY. Does the Chair decide the
amendment to be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the Senator from New
Hampshire say it is not retrospective?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; " shall" is m the future
tense in my grammar.
Mr. MALLOR.Y. It provides that:
" Section five of the naval appropriation act, approved
August 31, 1 b'5'2, allowing a percentage on the pay of the
clerks employed at the navy-yard and inaiine barracks in
the city ol Washington, shall he so construed a<? to include
the clerks and porter in the Navy agent's otficc for said yard,
and the messenger m tlie commandant's office."
Thatis retrospective, or nothing. It pays them
for the last eight years; but whether it does or
not, I hope the Senate will vote it down; that they
will not take up one class of clerks or messen-
gers, in one special yard in the city of Washing-
ton, who have access to membcis of Congress,
and exclude all the other seven yards in the Uni-
ted States, and the other clerks, who are knock-
ing at the doors of Congress for relief. It is a
kind of special legislation that I think is ill-timed;
and I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. HALE. This act increased the compen-
sation of the clerks a few hundred dollars. At the
time it was passed it was supposed Navy agents'
clerks were included; but they were excluded sim-
ply from the accident that the Navy agent did not
hold his office in the navy-yard. Having said
that, 1 leave the matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to observe
that, on the reading of the amendment, I can have
no possible doubt of its retrospective effect. It
goes back to the passage of the act to which jt
refers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have one more amendment. On
page 9, I move to strike out lines two hundred
and seven, two hundred and eight, and two hun-
dred and nine, in these words: y
" t'oi piqmunE: t'oi publication the American Nautical
Almanac, *<23,
Wc have two scientific establishments in the
Navy—the Naval Academy at Annapolis, with a
large list of professors; and the National Observ-
atory in this city, where we have a large num-
ber of scientific men; and it is also suggested to
me that wo have the Coast Survey, with a large
corps of scientific men. I think it is bad policy
to pay ^5,000 outside of all this for preparing
this Nautical Almanac. I do not know how the
money is spent now, but I know how it used to
be spent. It used to make a sort of sinecure—a
place of amusement for some exlra officers out-
side of the regular scientific operations of the
Navy. That is what it was years ago. I have
not had my attention called to it so much since;
but ns we have a Coast Survey, which costs us
about half a million a year, and this u light-house
to the skies,}here, the Observatory, and the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, I think we ought to have
enough force to prepare a Nautical Almanac with-
out giving $25,000 a year outside of these corps
to prepare it.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope this provision will not
be stricken out. I have heard nothing from the
Senator from New Hampshire whith indicates
that he is fully informed in regard to this estab-
lishment. He seems to be horror-stricken at an
appropriation of$25,000, and, ifX understand him
aright, to have an idea that this establishment is
simply to make provision for some scientific gen-
tlemen who happen to be officers of tiie Navy, or
others who are outside of the Navy. Now, sir,
I am not going to repeat to the Senate the neces-
sity or the importance of this work; but certainly
I may say this much: that cveiybody must be
aware that a Nautical Almanac is indispensable to
navigation, and that this court ti y ought to have one
for itself; it should not be dependent altogether on
England. Until this Nautical Almanac wasauthor-
ized bylaw,all the navigation ofthe United States
was dependent upon England for that book, with-
out which no ship sails the seas, or can sail with-
out danger. This establishment is solely for the
purpose of furnishing our marine with that which
is indispensable to them. The Senator has as-
signed no good reason for striking it out. If he
can show that the appropriation is too large, let
him state the facts whiclf show that to be so; not
without information blindly strike down an es-
tablishment value—of necessity, I may say—to
the naval service, and to our mercantile marine.
1 hope the Senate.will not listen to the objection,
which is not founded .upon any knowledge of the
facts in the case. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it in order, before the vote
is taken on striking out, to reduce the amount?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senator fromNcw
Hampshire to take the question first on reducing
the amount. He can move to strike it all out
afterwards.
Mr. HALE. The Senator can make the.mo-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the clause
by reducing the amount to §15,(100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the clause as amended.
Mr. HALE. I wish some one would state the
necessity of paying this $15,000. We have a
great many scientific officers in the Coast Survey,
m the Observatory, and in the Na^al Academy,
and if we have not got scientific skill and attain-
ment enough there to make this Nautical Alma-
nac without paying this extra compensation, let
ns know it, and let us know what this is for.
The honorable Senator from Maryland_ says I
made no statement of what this money is spent
for. I know something about the way it used to
be spent. I know it was spent by taking a Navy
lieutenant and sending him, not to our Observa-
tory, nor to the Coast Survey, nor to the Naval
Academy, but he was sent to Cambridge, Massa-
chusetts, and employed in the observatory at
Cambridge, and the Secretary of the Navy asked
that in consideration of these services he might
have $3,000 a year for superintending this Nauti-
cal Almanac. We voted itdown. He came here
year after year, and we voted it down juSt as
often as he came. Then, sir, the Secretary of
the Navy got the strange notion, which seems to
have obtained somewhat since, that if he esti-
mated for enough to pay an officer §>3,000, and we
gave him all the money he asked without making
any spccial assignment of it, by virtue of that ho
had a right to pay $3,000, though the laws of the
United States said the officer should have but
$1,500; and actually in the face of these repeated
votes refusing this $3,000 salary, he paid it to the
superintendent of this Nautical Almanac. He
not only did that, but he went years back, and
paid him a salary of $>3,000 for several years, al-
though just as often as it came up, we had voted
it down. That is what made me say that the
money had been used heretofore in the manner
which I indicated.
Now, 1 think it is a disgrace, I think it is de-
rogatory to the scicntific attainments of the gen-
tlemen who fill the places in the three establish-
ments that we have, to say that they cannot make
this Nautical Almanac if it is necessary; and
therefore I am opposed to paying any more for it.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to be informed
what was the nature of the amendment which I
am told was adopted just now.
Mr. MALLORY. Reducing the appropriation
to $15,000.
Mr. PEARCE. My attention was called ofF
for a moment when the amendment was submit-
ted to reduce the appropriation. I movetoreeon-
j| sider it, because it has been adopted by the Sen-
ate without understanding it.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is a misappre-
hension. I think the question was not taken on
any proposition to reduce the amount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was taken, and decided m the affirmative.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, I move to recon-
sider that vote; and I will state as a reason why
1 do it, that the Senate has blindly cut down the
appropriation from $25,000 to §15,000, without
