1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and two shares, for which it paid in cash $233,500.
In 1830 the work was completed. In 1834 the
floating debt was paid off or arranged, and the
payment of dividends was commenced, and before
the 1st day of January, 1842, the Government had
received, in dividends, $257,778, or $24,278 more
than it had paid for all its stock.
In the year 1842, the Legislature of Kentucky,
yielding to suggestions, loudly made, that a work
of such national importance ought not to be sub-
ject to the absolute control of a private company
and a single State, passed an amendment to the
charter, authorizing the directors to appropriate
the revenues, not to the payment of dividends,
but to the purchase of the stock owned by indi-
viduals; to be held in trust for, and finally to be
conveyed to, the United States, on the sole con-
dition that the tolls should be no higher than was
absolutely necessary to defray the"" expense of
superintendence, repairs, and such improvements
as would make it answer fully the purposes of its
establishment."
This act was accepted by the individual stock-
holders, and by the United States. The directors,
under the authority thus conferred, have pur-
chased all the stock except five shares, and hold it
subject to the order of the Government. The five
shares are retained by the five directors, at the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of the Treasury, for the
purpose of keepingup the organization of the com-
pany until the Government shall accept the stock
thus purchased in trust for it.
The United States are thus, in fact, the sole
owners of the canal. They hold the legal title to
twenty-nine hundred and two shares of stock,
for which they paid $233,500—every dollar of
which has since been repaid—and they are the
owners of the beneficial interest in the residue of
the stock, for which they paid literally nothing;
but which has been paid for and presented to them,
free of all charge, by the shippers and freighters
of the western rivers.
These men come here to-day—not suppliants
for your bounty—asking, only, that they shall
have the privilege of taxing themselves, and ex-
pending the money so raised in the enlargement I
of this canal.
Sir, their demand is so reasonable that the only
question would seem to be whether the interests
of our commerce require that enlargement? And
upon this point surely the concurrent opinion of
all parties interested—shippers, navigators, and
travelers—ought to suffice.
The locks on the canal are two hundred feet
long and fifty feet wide. Not one half the boats
which touch at the port of Louisville, both above
and below the falls, are able to pass these locks.
Those which can do so are built in violation of
every rule of construction which would fit them
to navigate the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. The
great obstacle to navigation in our western rivers
is the shallowness of water on the bars. To ob-
viate this, boats ought to be built long and wide
and shallow; but to pass the locks they must be
short and narrow. Whatever capacity for stow-
ing freight they may have is derived from their
depth. The risk and delay consequentupon this
mode of construction are such that the owners of
half the boats have found it to their benefit, and
the benefit of freighters, to ferego the advantage
of passing the locks, and to incur the expense and
risk of a transhipment of their cargoes and a land
portage of two or three miles.
I have seen a statement of this expense, and a
calculation of the risk. I do not have it before me.
I am afraid to state it at random. I am very sure I
that gentlemen would hear it with astonishment,
and would look with wonder—perhaps with con-
tempt—at the patience with which western men
have submitted to their burdens.
It is proposed now to enlarge the capacity of the
canal by widening and deepening the bed, to build
new locks four hundred feet long and seventy-five
feet wide. The estimated cost is $1,000,000. One
hour will then suffice to pass the largest boat singly,
and by proper management fifty boats a day may
pass withoutdifficuity,or unreasonable detention.
This plan is recommended by the board of direct- i
ors, and by the Chambers of Commerce of Cin-
cinnati, Madison, and Louisville. During the last
summer, the boat owners and merchants of Cin-
cinnati, greatly interested in the navigation of the
Ohio, appointed a committee of their number to
cooperate with like committees from Madison and
Louisville, in a full investigation of the best mode
of improving the canal. They had no interest, ex-
cept to arrive at a just conclusion. They visited
the falls, and patiently examined the obstructions
in the river, the present condition of the canal, and
the proposed improvement, They had the benefit
of the adviee of the steamboat captains and pilots
accustomed to use the canal in low water, and in
high water to pass the falls. They concur, with-
out dissent, in emphatic recommendation of this
plan; and I only comply with their wishes in lay-
ing the results of their investigation before the
House, and urging that they be adopted, and the
improvement be authorized.
I have heard some objections alleged against
this proposition—not here, but in the Senate. It
is said that it commits the Government to a
scheme of internal improvement. Surely, what-
ever objection there might have been, on this
score, to the original subscription of stock, it does
not apply here. The Government is not asked to
supply a dollar of money, nor to superintend its
expenditure. The work is still in the hands of a
private company; it may be prosecuted under it's
management. The tolls on commerce will raise
the money. It is certainly wise to permit the
improvement to be made to " answer fully the
purposes of its establishment.,J In view of the
expenditure annually made for harbors, light-
houses, surveys upon our own coast and in
foreign countries; of the efforts made to improve
the St. Clair flats, to open more effectually the
mouths of the Mississippi, to build railroads and
telegraphs across this continent, and even to assist
in spanning the Atlantic, I think that the inter-
ests involved in the unimpeded navigation of the
western rivers might, with credit for great mod-
esty, ask an ample appropriation, and insist that
the power be found to grant it. They do not,
however, trench on debatable ground. They ask
that no improvement be made by the Govern-
ment; they only ask that their own energies be left
unshackled, and they will compass the result.
It is said that it is a scheme to make money for
the five directors, who still hold one share each.
They have undertaken, without reward, I believe,
to bear the responsibility of the management of
the canal, until the Government shall receive it.
They have tendered the stock, and with it the con-
trol of the canal to the Government, time and
again; they have been anxious to get rid of the
trouble and anxiety; doubtless they are so still.
They would be glad to be relieved from the cares
of a position of labor and difficulty, but of no
profit, of little thanks, and of no honor.
It is said that the whole work ought to be trans-
ferred to Kentucky, to be managed by thatState.
Waiving the merits of the plan, it is enough to
say, that legislation by Kentucky would be ne-
cessary even to receive it. The Legislature will
not meet for two years, and in the mean time
nothing could be done.
It is said that a canal ought to be built on the
Indiana side. I admit it. I have been accustomed
to think that the wants of western commerce will
hereafter require it; perhaps require it now. But
perfect this canal first; it is the smaller work; is
more immediately required, and can be accom-
plished m much less time. Then let another canal
be built, colossal in size, magnificent in execu-
tion, through which will securely float that im-
mense wealth which accumulates on the bosom of
the Ohio, in every mile of its progress, even as
its waters increase and multiply.
It is the great recommendation of this bill that
it commits the Government to nothing; that it may
hereafter dispose of the canal as it may seem fit;
that whatever course may hereafter be adopted,
whether to receive the canal, or to let it remain
under its present management, or to grant it to
Kentucky, or to encourage the construction of a
new canal on the Indiana side, this plan of im-
provement will benefit all interests, and injure
none.
It is said that this work is inland—is sectional.
Where will you find a work involving the interests
of a richer commerce, a greater number of States,
or more people? The States directly interested in
the navigation of the Ohio river, whose trade,
travel, agricultural productions, manufactures,
commerce, mails, ana defense are more or less
dependent upon it, are fifteen of the largest States
of this Union—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, !
Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Arkan- I
sas, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Louisiana, and
parts of New York, Pennsylvania, and .Virginia.
I have been at some trouble to gather the statis-,
tics of theirsize, population, agricultural produc-
tions, and wealth, from sources most accessible;
and I have verified these, as far as practicable, by
reference to the census of 1850. I will not .trouble
the House with tables, but will more briefly state,"
in gross amounts, the results of my investiga-
tions.
Their area is more than 1,200,000 square miles;
their population nearly, if not quite, 15,000,000.
In 1850 they contained -more than 50,000,000
acres of improved farming lands, worth more
than $1,304,962,672, with farming implements
worth $64,323,943, and live stock worth more than
$222,000,000; making an aggregate of permanent
agricultural capital of more than $1,591,286,615.
Their products, in part for 1849, were:
Wheat  46,091.456 bushels.
Corn   370,346',750 "
Tobacco 108,411,017 pounds.
Ginned cotton 366,844,800 "
Wool  22,285,545 «
Cutter 102,227,471 "
Cheese  27,230,747 «
Hay      3,371.154 tons.
Hemp  64,300 «
Flaxseed    357,346 bushels.
Maple sugar      9,238,883 pounds.
Cane sugar 262,764,000 "
In 1850, the products of iron are estimated at
$10,663,250; and in 1858-59, the hog cropof eight
of these States is enumerated at 2,445,552 hogs.
The commercial returns of Cincinnati alone
show the imports, for 1859, to be $96,213,274, and
the exports,for the same year, to be $107,007,707.
Its manufactures, for 1859,were $112,254,400; of
which were exported at least $60,000,000. Of cof-
fee, in 1859, the imports were 143,452 bags, and
the exports 66.617. Of coal, the imports were
12,392,702 bushels. Of flour, the imports were
558,173 barrels, and the exports 562,139. Of mo-
lasses, the imports were 116,193 hogsheads, and
the exports 69,999. The hogs packed in 1858
numbered 446,677. The beef imported in 1859
numbered 55,000. Of sugar, in 1859, the imports
were 58,885 hogsheads, 28,359 barrels; ana the
exports 34,078 hogsheads. The number of steam-
boats which arrived were 3,106.
These are the statements of the agricultural prod-
ucts of 1849. What the products were in 1859 I
have no means of knowing. Doubtless they have
increased many fold.
The power of numbers is almost exhausted in
stating them now—noxc, when half the land is yet
unbroken by the plow; when half the rest lies
fallow; when our population is sparse and its
energies are only stimulated to pleasant exercise
by the hope of accumulating wealth. By and by
the land will all be cultivated; every acre will be
called upon to yield its increase; our population
will teem with overflowing numbers; the struggle
for life will begin. Then the productive energies
of our people and our soil will be strained to the
uttermost, and before the results of those gigantic
efforts, these amounts, which now seem almost
fabulous, will dwarf into insignificance.
It is this commerce for which we wish to pro-
vide. It is for the interchange of these commod-
ities that we wish to enlarge this canal. To do
it, we ask no money, no tax upon your imports,
no diminution of any legitimate revenue, nodollar
which could otherwise properly find its way to
the national Treasury. This commerce of to-day
is willing to tax itself—willing to pay for this
improvement. It would have made this improve-
ment long since, but that the Government owns
the stock, controls the revenue, and by mere in-
action prevents the work. It only asks the Gov-
ernment to remove the prohibition, and permit the
expenditure of those toils which the boatmen and
freighters are willing to pay.
Gentlemen need not fear to assist in the devel-
opment of the Mississippi valley. Its returns
will be rich and remunerative. The next census
will tell of the power of the Northwest. It will
dictate your policy; it will control your legisla-
tion; it will make and unmake Presidents. Every
portion of all its vast power will be used for the
conservation of those guarantees of liberty which
are written in the Constitution, and have been
practically tested in the history of the Union. It
will tolerate no sentiment of disunion, because it
will permit no infraction of the Constitution. It
will give place to no spirit of sectional jealousy;
