THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
the question is resumed again; a member of the
majority in favor of the appropriation bill under
consideration rises and moves to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. Upon that motion
there may lie a debate of live minutes in favor,
and five minutes debate in opposition to it. No
further debate can be had; no amendment is then
in order; the question must be then taken in com-
mittee, and if it is agreed to, the bill, with that
amendment, is reported to the House. The com-
mittee, after the discussion of five minutes in fa-
vorand five minutes against the motion, is brought
to a vote at once upon striking out the enacting
clause, without further discussion, and with no
opportunity for further amendment.
Well, sir, this majority, that recommends that
the enatfting clause' be struck out, the very mo-
ment the bill is reported to the House with that
recommendation, vote to disagree to the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole; and
theny the previous question having been called, the
question Is upon ordering the bill to be engrossed,
and afterwards upon its passage. So that, under
the rule as now interpreted, and under the prac-
tice of the House, it is competent, in the Commit-
tee of'the Whole, to cut off all debate and all
amendments ofany bill under consideration, and
bring it into the House, and then, under the op-
eration of the previous question, put it upon its
passage at once. This is a great and flagrant
abuse; and we merely propose to carry out the
intention of the rules that provide that all appro-
priation bills shall be considered in the Committee
of the Whole. Now, sir, we provide that where a
majority in the Committee of theWhole honestly
desire that a bill shall be defeated, and vote to
strike out the enacting clause, and the same ma-
jority vote in the House to concur in the recom-
mendation of the committee to strike out the enact-
ing clause, they can do so as well as they can
now. But if the majority desire that the bill should
pass, but that there should be no discussion and no
amendment of the bill, we desire that that abuse
shall be done away with. The committee recom-
mend that if the House non-concurs in striking
out the enacting clause, the bill immediately, by
force of that vote, shall be returned to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and be placed upon the Cal-
endar again. In that way we defeat the majority
in its purpose to deprive members of the oppor-
tunity to speak to appropriation bills, or to pro-
pose amendments to them. For, if thatcourseis
pursued, the bill will either be defeated in the
House, by the House concurring in the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole in
striking out the cnacting clause; or if the House
do not concur, the bill will be sent back to the
committee, to take its place again upon the Cal-
endar.
Now it may bo said that, while you are de-
priving the majority of this power to strike out
the enacting clause, you should give them some
power by which they may bring the discussion in
the Committee of the Whole to a termination; by
which they may finally bring the House to a vote
upon bills for appropriations in the Committee of
the Whole. And in order to carry out that idea,
we'pfopose this amendment to the 34th rule:
Amend rule 34, by aflSmg at the end ,tl\ere«f the words,
" Provided further, That Uie House may, by. the vole of a
majoilty of the members present, at any time after five min-
utes debate has taken place upon proposed amendments to
any section of the bill, close all debate upon such section;"
so that it will read:
No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question, in the House or in committee; but a mem-
ber rcporsmg the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee, may open and close the debate: Providci, That
where debate is closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment he may offer—after which, any member who
sbaH first obtain the floor shall be allowed to speak five
minutes in opposition to it, and there shall be no further de-
bate on tile amendment *, but the same privilege of debate
shall be allowed in favor of and against any amendment that
may be offered to the amendment; and neither the amend-
ment nor an amendment to the amendment shall be with-
drawn by the mover thereof, unless by the unanimous con-
sent of the committee: Provided further, That the House
may, at any time after five minutes debate has taken place
upon proposed amendments to any section of a bill, close
ail debate upon such secuon.
Now, under this rule, as amended, it will be com-
petent for the committee, after the general debate
has concluded, and they have been in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on five minutes debate, and that
five minutes debate has proved burdensome and
irksome to the House, it will be competent for the
majority of the Committee of the Whole to vote
to rise, and ask the House for a majority vote, to
terminate the debate upon the five minutes amend-
ments, so that, if that recommendation shall pass
theHouse, the members may return to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and^ offer such amendments
as they choose; but debate upon such amendments
shall not be allowed.
In this way we thought we could remedy, as
far as they could possibly be remedied by the
rules, the abuses upon either side—on the one side
the abuse under which you may be called to pass
these important bills without any opportunity to
debate them, either in committee or in the House;
and on the other side by the abuse of making
Buncombe five-minute speeches—not in order, in
fact—upon amendments which they may offer in
Committee of the Whole.
The twelfth amendment amends rule 42, by
inserting after the word " commenced," in line
fifth, the words, "and before the main question
is ordered to be put;" so that it will read:
.Every member who shall be in the House when the ques-
tion is put shall give his vote, unless the House shall excuse
him. All motions to excuse a member from voting shall be
made before the House divides, or before the call of the
yeas and nays Is commenced, and before the main question
is ordered to be put, and the question shall then be taken
without debate.
This amendment requires that all motions to
excuse a member from voting shall be made before
the main question is ordered to be put. That mat-
ter explains itself, and I presume no one will
object to it.
'rhe thirteenth amendment amends rule 50, by
striking out all after " January 14,1840," in the
tenth line, and inserting, in lieu thereof, " but its
only effect, if a motion to postpone is pending,
shall be to bring the House to a vote upon such
motion. Whenever the House shall refuse to
order the main question, the consideration of the
subject shall be resumed, as though no motion for
the previous question had been made. A call of
the House shall not be in order after the previous
question is seconded, unless it shall appear, upon
an actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum
is present;" so that it will read:
The previous question shall be in this form: " Shall the
main question be now put?" It shall only be admitted
when demanded hyamajority of the members present; and
its effect shall be to put an end to alt debate, and to bring
the House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit, if such
motion shall have been made ; and if this motion does not
prevail, then upon amendments reported by a committee,
if any; then upon pending amendments,and then upon the
main question; but its only effect, if a motion to postpone
is pending, shall be to bring the House to a vote upon btich
njotion. Whenever the House shall refuse to order the
main question, the consideration of the subject shall be re-
sumed, as though no motion foi the previous question had
been made. A call of the House shall not be in order after
the previous question is seconded, unless it shall appear,
upon an actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum is
present.
This amendment has respect entirely to the pre-
vious question. In the first place, it changes the
effect of the previous question when a motion to
postpone is pending. Now, when a motion to
postpone is pending, if the previous question is
ordered, it cuts olT the motion to postpone, and
brings the House to a vote upon amendments, if
any are pending, and then upon the engrossment
of the bill, so that when there is a motion before
the House to postpone, there may be an interm-
inable debate upon it. You may not want to come
to a vote upon the bill, nor to hear an endless dis-
cussion on the motion to postj:>one. But-you can-
not stop that debate unless you do it at the ex-
pense of bringing the House to a direct vote upon
the bill. The amendment provides that the pre-
vious question may be applied to a motion to
postpone, and shall operate no further than upon
that question; so that when that motion is ex-
hausted, you shall renew the previous question
upon the third reading or the passage of a bill.
So much for the first clause of the amendment.
The next clause is:
Whenever the House shall refuse to order the main
question, the consideration of the subjectshaii be resumed
as though no motion for the previous question had been
made.
That is intended to correct this evil. Now,
when a question is pending before the House, and
the main question is called for, it is seconded. A
majority rise and secondthe call. Some one calls
for a division on the question, whether the main
question shall be ordered. It falls. The main
question is seconded, and still the main question
is not ordered to be put. The result is, that the
question before the House goes over to the next
day, under the rules, whereas the true interpre-
tation and true meaning of the word "second"
should be simply that of a necessary formula to
bring the House to a vote upon the question,
whether the main question shall be ordered. If
the rule is changed, as we propose, and the House
shall, after having once seconded the call for th«
previous question, still refuse to order the main
question to be put, the subject before the House
shall be resumed as if the call for the previous
question had not been seconded, and precisely as
if no call for the previous question had been made,
instead of going over until the next day.
The last clause of the amendment is this:
A call of the House shall not be in order after the prevt*
ous question is seconded, unless it shall appear, upon an
actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum is present.
That is precisely as the rule now stands, with
the single exception that it shall be in order for
the Speaker to entertain a motion for a call of the
House after the previous question is seconded,
only in case there shall appear to be, upon an act-
ual count by the House, no quorum present. A
call of the House is now in order after the pre-
vious question is seconded; but it will not be, if
this amendment is adopted, unless, upon an act-
ual count by the Speaker, it shall appear that no
quorum is present. In such case, it is highly
proper that there should be a call of the House,
that a quorum may be brought in.
The fourteenth amendment amends rule 53, by
inserting, after the word " question," in the first
line, the words "before or after the main ques-
tion is ordered;" so that it will read:
Any member may call for the division of a question be-
fore or after the main question is ordered, which bliall be
divided if it comprehend propositions, &c.
That needs no explanation, I apprehend. As
the rules now stand, you cannot call for a divis-
ion after the main question is ordered.
The fifteenth amendment proposes to strike out
all of rule 58, as follows:
"The unfinished business in which the House was en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment shall have the pref-
erence in the orders of the day; and no motion on any other
business shall be received, without special leave of the
House, until the former is disposed of."
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
The consideration of the unfinished business in which
the House may be engaged at an adjournment shall be re-
sumed as soon as the Journal of the next day is read, and
at the same time each day thereafter until disposed of; and
if, from any cause, other business shall intervene, it shall
be resumed as soon as such other business is disposed of.
And the consideration of all other unfinished business shall
be resumed whenever the class of business to which it be-
longs shall be in oider under the rules.
Now, Mr. Chairman, although a bill is pend-
ing at the time of adjournment, and the House is
just ready to finish it, if the previous question has
not been called and seconded, and no motion to
recommit is pending, the bill goes to the Speaker's
table, and that is the end of it. Ordinarily, not
in one case in a thousand, where a bill falls to the
table in consequence of an adjournment, can it
ever be resumed in order/To prevent that result,
this amendment is proposed.
The sixteenth amendment relates to the 61st
rule, which is as follows:
" A proposition requesting information from the President
of the United States, or directing it to be furnished by the
head of either of the .Executive Departments, or by the
Postmaster General, or to print an extra number of any
document or other matter, excepting messages of the Presi-
dent to both Houses at the commencement of each session
of Congress, and the reports and documents connected with
or referred to in it, shall lie on the table one day for con-
sideration, unless otherwise ordered by the unanimous con-
sent of the House; and ail such propositions shall betaken
up for consideration in the order they were presented, im-
mediately after reports are called for from select commit-
tees, and when adopted, the Clerk shall cause the same to
be delivered."
The amendment proposes to strike out all after
the word " General," in the fourth line, to and
including the word "House" in the tenth line.
This amendment is rendered necessary, on ac-
count of the provisions of the printing law.
The seventeenth amendment relates to rule 67,
which is as follows:
" A Sergeant-at-Arms shall be appointed, to hold his office
during the pleasure of the House, whose duty it shall be to
attend the House during its sittings; to execute the com-
mands of the House from time to time, together with all
such process, issued by authority thereof, a* shall be di-
rected to him by tbe Speaker."
