160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
During the vote,
Mr. McClUEEN stated that Mr. Clemens had
paired off with Mr. Millw ard until twelve o 'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Davidson
had paired off with some gentleman upon the Re-
publican side of the House.
Mr. FOUKE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Washbcrne, of Illinois.
- Mr. MORRILL stated that Mr. Walton had
paired off with Mr. Branch.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded. **
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I have not entered
upon the subjects before this body, which I regard
most material, and do not propose to speak to
them to-night. " I am no orator as Brutus is,"
and claim no right to be heard by reason of any
powers of eloquence which I possess; but I tell
gentlemen upon the other side of this House that
I have a message to deliver, and that unpalatable,
though valueless it may be, I will hold the floor
until the 4th day of March next, but what I shall
be heard. [Cries of " Go on!" from the Repub-
lican side of the House.] I did not design, nor
do I now intend, to trespass upon the patience of
the House, or to utter anything personally offen-
sive to any member here; and if gentlemen have
taken alarm at this book which I hold in my hand,
because of its color, I can only say that they are
wholly mistaken in the character of the volume.
It is not the " Impending Crisis of the South,"
but the private life of Daniel Webster, which has
struck consternation and dismay into the other
side of the House. Perhaps the sentiments which
are herein contained, and the tatters of that great
man and patriot, may not be so palatable now as
they were in the earlier periods of the history of
the Republic.
I do not design, then, Mr. Clerk, to speak upon
those subjects to which I shall to-rnorrow re-
spectfully ask the attention of both sides of this
House; and now, inasmuch as it is desired by
my friends, I will yield the floor for a motion to
adfjourn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CONIvLIN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Bingham, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth
of a quorum voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. KILGORE. Let me appeal to the gentle-
man from Georgia to withdraw his motion to ad-
journ. Gentlemen on this side are very anxious
to hear the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. PHKLPS. Oh, 110; let us adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 96, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Thomas L. AmUnson,
Aslimore, Avery, HarkssSale, Bairett, ilocock, Bonliam,
Jioteler, Bouligny, Biabsou, Bri^s, Bribtmv, Buicli, Bul-
lion, Hoiaee F. Clark, Jolin B. Clark, Clnpton, John Coch-
rane, Cooper, Corwia, Cox, James Ciai£, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Carry, H. Winter Davis, Jolm G. Davis, Reuben
Ms.vi.-s, I)e Jumette, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, Gumett,
Gartreli. Hamilton, Iluideman, J. Men eon Harris, JolmT.
Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hiekmaa, Hill, Hindinan, ISol-
man, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Lamar,
Larrubee, Leake, Logan, Love, Mallory, Charles T). Mar-
tin, ftibcrt S. Martin, Maynard, McCIernaml, McQueen,
JVIeltae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore,
Nelsou, !Voell, fVmllcton. I'lielp-', Pryor, 1'uL'ii, Uuiirle:;,
ltea<ran} Ripg-<, James C. Itolmison, Itullin, Bust, Scott,
Sickle-, Sunms, Singleton, William N. H. Smith, Steven-
soil, James A. rttevvait, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Wlutcley, Wills-
low, and Wright—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh, Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Bmgham, Blair, Blake,
Bra j ton, Baffiaton, Burlingame, Boinliam, Xiuttertield, Ca-
rey, Carter, else, Cobb, Conklnur, Covode, Curtis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgertoii, Eiiot, Ely, Etheridge,
Farnsworth, i'eTiton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Gooeli, Grow,
Gurley,Hale, Hall, Helmick, Humphrey, Hutehins, Jun-
km, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Ktlgore, Killinger, De-
Witt C. Leach, James lu.Lcaeli, Lee, Longuecker, Looinis,
Lovejoy, Marston,McKeaii,McKnight, McPherson, Laban
T. Moore, Moorlioatl, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Nixon,
Olin, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Ilice, Chris-
topher Itobmson, Roycc, Schwartz, jScranton, Sherman,
Somes, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkms, Tiam,
Trimble, Vaildever. Van Wvek, Verree, Wade, Wahlron,
Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—98.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote,
Mr. NI BLACK stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Colfax on this vote, and for the rest of
the day.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, said: I desire to
state, in justice to my colleague, [Mr. Stall-
worth,] that a telegraphic dispatch has been re-
ceived here, stating that he is lying ill at home.
Mr. POTTER said: My colleague, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] being somewhat indisposed, has paired off
with Mr. Boyce.
Mr. WHITELEY moved that the reading of
the names be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
After the vote was announced,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Clerk, a copy
ofthe compendium ofthe "Helper"bookhasjust
been placed in my hands. I avail myself of the
industrious habits of the Republican side of the
House to-night, to correct certain misrepresenta-
tions which I observe in the papers abroad, in
relation to it. It has been stated that none ofthe
extracts put on record by the gentleman from
Missouri were contained in the compendium, but
were to be found onlyinthe original work. Now,
sir, after a carcful examination and comparison
of this compendium, which I hold here in my
hand, I am able to say, distinctly, that everyone
of the extracts in tho speech of the gentleman
from Missouri arc to be found in the compendium
itself. I propose, then, by way of occupying the
time of the House, though wholly outside of the
line of remark which I proposed to address to the
House, to read some extracts from this compen-
dium. [Shouts 011 the Republican side—"Read!
Read!"] As I desire to accustom my voice some-
what to this hall—for 1 have rarely spoken since
I became a member of this body—I propose, in-
stead of sending the book to the Clerk, to read
from it myself; not that I am as competent a
reader as you are, Mr. Clerk, but for the purpose
which I have already disclosed. I now read from
page 51:
" The great revolutionary movement which was sot on
foot in Chailotfc, Mecklenburg county, Noith Carolina, oti
tho 2(>th day of May, l"/75, has not yet been terminated, nor
will it he, until every slave in the United States is freed fiom
the tyranny his muster. Every victim ot the vile institu-
tion. whether white or black, must be reinvested with the
'•acred riirhtu and privileges of which he has been deprived
hy an inhuman oligarchy. What our noble sires of the .Rev-
olution ieft unfinished it is our duty to complete."
I now read from page 58:
" With regard 10 the unnational and demoralizing system
of slavery, we believe tho majority of northern people arc
too ^einpulous. They seem to think that it is enough for
them to be mere Free-yoilcrf, to keepin check the diflusivc
element ot'slaveiy, and to prevent it irom ciossin* over the
bound* vviilsia which it 1^ now regulated hy municipal law.
Remiss in their national duties, as we contend, they make
no positive attack upon the institution in the southern
States."
From page 59,1 read:
u In thi-s e^ttaoidnmry rri-uri of affairs, no man can be a
true patriot without first becoming an Jibohhonist.''''
That is the doctrine which sixty-eight members
of the last Congress and some fifty-odd members
of the present Congress indorsed for general cir-
culation through the. North, South, and West;
and yet they assure the country that they are not
Abolitionists.
I read further, now, an extract, which, either
ignorantly or with full knowledge, they have pro-
posed to send by the hundred thousand through-
out the whole country:
"Henceforth, sirs, we are demandants not smpphant*.
We demand our rights, nothing more, nothing les.-.. Ji is
for you to decide whether we are to have .justice peaceably
or by violence ; /or, whatever consequences mayjollow, we
are determined to have it, ose way or the other."
I read now from page 7G:
" Inscribed on the banner, which we herewith unfurl to
the world, with the full and fixed determination to stand by
it or die by it, unless one of more virtuous efficacy shall be
piesented, are the mottoes which, in substance, embody
the principles, as we conceive, that should govern us in our
patriotic warfare against the most subtle and insidious foe
that ever menaced the inalienable rights and liberties and
dearest interests of Amcrica:
"1. Thorough organization and independent political
action on the pait of the non-slaveholdmg whiles of the
South.
u2. Ineligibility of pro-slavery slaveholders—never an-
other vote to any one who advocates the retention and
perpetuation of human slavery.
"3. No cooperation with pro-slavery politicians—no
fellowship with them in religion—no affiliation with them in
'society.
<•' 4. No patronage to pro-slavery merchants—no guest-
ship in slave-waiting hotels—no fees to pro-slavery lawyers
—no employment of pro-slavery physicians—no audience to
pro-slavery parsons.
"5. No more hiring of slaves by non-slaveholders.
kC6. Abrupt discontinuance of subscription to pro-sla-
very newspapers.
"7. The greatest possible encouragement to free white
labor.
"This, then, is the outline of our schemc for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the southern states. Let it «e
acted upon with due promptitude, and, as certain as truth
is mightier than error, fifteen years will not elapse before
every foot of territory, from the mouth of the Delaware to
the emboguing of the Rio Grande, will glitter with the
jewels of Ireedom."
From page 118,1 read a summary of the dis-
tinguished leaders of the Republican party, and of
those who are a little in advance of their organi-
zation:
" An army of brave and worthy successors, champions of
freedom now living, have the illustrious forefathers of the
North, in the persons of Garrison, Greeley, Giddings,
GoodelJ, Grow, and Gerrit Smith; in Seward, Sumner,
Stowe, Raymond, Parker, and Phillips; in Needier, Banks,
Burlingame, Bryant, Hale, and Hildreth; in Emerson, Day-
ton, Thompson, Tappan, King, and Cheever; in Whittier,
Wilson, Wade, Wayland, Weed, and Burleigh."
And now, sir, let me add that the first extract
quoted in the speech of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Clark,] will be found in the " Com-
pendium" of the "Helper" book, page 14*, the
second is upon page 25; the third upon page 31;
the fourth upon pages 33 and 34; the fifth upon
page 42; the sixth upon page 43; the seventh upon
pages 51 and 52; the eighth upon pages 58 and59;
the ninth upon pages (jO and 61; the tenth upon
pag£ 65, and the eleventh upon page 76.
Mr. COX. I hope the House will agree to my
colleague 5s wish to go on with his speech to-mor-
row morning. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BUFFINTON called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KEITT called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Briggs and
McKnight were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-eight.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. BURNETT. [ appeal to gentlemen on
the other side to let us adjourn. It is now twenty-
five minutes to five, and nothing can be made by
remaining here longer.
Several Republican Members. We want the
rest of that book. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. I renew the motion to ad-
journ. Nothing can possibly be accomplished by
remaining longer. Besides, the gentleman from
Ohio prefers to proceed with his remarks to-mor-
row, and it is a courtesy due to him to adjourn
now. For myself I wish to have no debate on
any question. That would be my preference.
The House, however, must manifestly se^ that
that is not the present temper of members. That
being so, it is only proper that the House should
adjourn. I move that the House do now adjourn.
►Several RepublieanMEMBERS calledfortheyeas
and nays. .♦
Mr. MILLSON. 1 shall withdraw my motion
to adjourn if the yeas and nays be ordered. I
hoped to adjourn without calling the yeas and
nays.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Can we have an understand-
ing that there will be no vote taken this evening?
Several Democratic Members. Yes.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stewart,
of Pennsylvania, and Davis were appointed.
The House divided; and thu tellers reported—
ayes 52.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 said that if the yeas Snd
nays were ordered, I would withdraw the motion,
and I now withdraw it.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the tellers to count the
other side so that we may ascertain whether there
is a constitutional quorum here to hear the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The CLERK. The motion is withdrawn; and,
therefore, the demand for a count of the other side
conies too late.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Clerk, as kin-
dred in design, and as illustrating the spirit of the
compendium from which, a short time since, I
read the extracts, I propose now to read from a
circular which has been extensively circulated
throughout the northern, western, and southern
