3068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
as I have already stated, the House has reduced
J1,000,000.
Now, the proposition is to take about one half
of the sum of money which the House has appro-
priated to equipment and repair, to buy new ves-
sels, which, when bought. I will tell the Senator,
will not be fit for the service. But why should he
take this money to buy new vessels, when the very
vessels that aie now afloat, and which we have
built, and some of which will be employed to pre-
vent tins very African slave trade, will necessarily
have to be laid up in your docks, if there is no
money to keep them afloat? If the Senator pro-
posed a new sum of §500,000 to build vessels there
might be some reason in it; but to take the sum
out of that appropriation which is already defi-
cient, and which, must be appropriated to keep
vessels already built alloat for this identical pur-
pose, it appeals to me is a proposition the Sena-
tor will nut peisist in, upon an examination of it.
Now, sir, as to the general proposition of buy-
ing these vessels, we authorized the President to
buy some vessels for the Paraguay expedition,
because, by the contract he made, it was much
cheaper to buy these vessels than to pay the
charter. I apprehend,had Congress contemplated
it as ameasurc separate and apart from the charter,
they would not have authorized it. It has proved
a bad bargain, I think, and a very expensive pur-
chase. To the best of my knowledge, about sixty
thousand dollais have already been expended on
one of those vessels at arecmt date. One has
never been able to reach the United States from
the La Platte; she is there yet.
Our vessels have been very successful upon the
coastof Cuba in the suppression of the slave trade
They have captured, at a recent date, three slavers;
and I presume that we shall see that the coast of
Cuba is the proper cruising ground for all Amer-
ican vessels that arc sent to suppress the slave
trade. While we have been cruising on the coast
of Africa ever since the Ashburton treaty, without
sea reel y making a capture effectual of a single
slaver, in the course of six weeks we have captured
three on the coast of Cuba. I will not say that
there are sufficient vessels for that purpose there
now; but we have these seven gun-boats, several
of winch have gone to sea, and others are fitting
out, which are used partially for this- purpose.
The Secretary ot the Navy lias given orders,
which are resulting very efficaciously, indeed, m
the suppression of this trade. And I trust, when
we wish to acid vessels to the Navy, whether to
suppress the slavt: trade or otherwise, that wc
will have them built at our own yards, it is a
very false economy to buy cheap vessels for the
Navy. They have always cost more than they
come to. We realize the fable of having the wolf
by the ears; it is very expensive to hold on, and
of course it is equally dangerous to let go. The
cheapest thing wc could have done with those
Paraguay vessels after they came here, rather
limn to lepair them, would have been to have
taken the boileis out and laid them up; for if we
persist in repining them, they will cost moio
than the vessels c.nild be properly built for.
For these reasons, 1 trust the Senate will not
adopt the suggestion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. He will see lnm.solf that the object he
hus u) view will rather be crippled than attained
by the proposition he advances, unless, indeed,
he shall appropriate it as an original appropria-
tion from the Treasmy.
Mi.GWIN. 1 dusi i e to offer as an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Aiassa-
chusotts, the following, as an additional proviso:
,'hnl j>->ovi<!cdfui thcr, Tli it tin- President he requ'Med to
rake immediate rtfj)> to ptocoie a convention lo be enteicd
mlo hctvYi't n the Luitert and (heat i.raain, making
piovjt'ioii lot the icjmn b\ cat b to the < oa-t ot' All ie.1 upon
tltc S'line ;<M;n- and condition* nt ali Alfiean- captured hv
them, H>f>'eUVf h , -<> lon<r a- the eighth aittefe of the
tieai}- oi W.Hu'mton. common!} called the A-hhmton
treaty, eoiitnim* - in ioi<•<.'. and on tli" refn-al of the Di-.r^n
Government to enter into sii'di convention, ihut the Pie>-
jdenf Hgmfy to that Government the wi-h of the United
Stat«".-> to teimmate at once the said attic h*.
Mr. President, if we arc to legislate on the sub-
ject of the slave trade at all on tlnn bill, the
amendment that I propose ought to bo adopted.
The object is to require of Great Britain to send
to Africa all the captured Africans as we send
those that wc capture to Africa. The two Gov-
ernments are required, by the stipulations of the
treaty, to capture slavers whenever they can.
Now, it is understood that Great Britain makes
apprentices of all those they capture, and does not
send them back at all. It is understood—I am
not well informed on the subject it is true, but I
| believe it is not denied—that Great Britain never
sends back any Africans that are captured by the
vessels of that nation to Africa. They appren-
tice them; they use them as slaves in the colonies,
and sometimes put them in the black regiments
when they become sufficiently civilized to be used
in that way. I think if wc arc at the expense of
sending back by that treaty all the negroes we
capture, that Great Britain ought to be required
to do the same thing; and if she docs not the
treaty outfit to be abrogated.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in reply to the
Senator from Florida, J must say that 1 feel it to
be my duty to press to a vote the amendment I
have felt constrained to move, to the effect that
$300,000 of this appropriation for the repairs of
ships shall be used to purchase steamers for the
suppression of the African slave trade. Some
weeks ago I introduced a bill to construct five
steamers to aid in the suppression of the slave
trade on the African coast, and the Senator from
Florida, chairman of the Naval Committee, has
reported the bill back to build seven steamers. I
desire to have this bill pass; but I am assured that,
if it should pass, these steamers cannot be got ready
for use for more than a year. We ought not to
wait a year for action. We need the stcameis
now—this very summer. The painful fact flashes
upon us, that great efforts are now being made to
increase the dishonoring traffic in the children of
Africa. Within the past few months several ves-
sels have left the city of New York for the coast
of Africa, and it is well known that these ships
arc fitted out for the slave trade. It is an unde-
niable fact—undeniable because it has been judi-
cially settled—that officers of the United States in
the city of New York have allowed these slave
trade vessels to go to sea, and taken money for
thus allowing those vessels to sail. I have seen
letters written by respectable gentlemen in the
city of New York, saying that vessels are contin-
ually sailing from that city to engage m the slave
trade, and that the officers of the United States
there do not exercise the vigilance they ought to
exercise. There can be no doubt of the fact at all,
that our flag is prostituted to carry on tins traffic;
that American ships arc used for the purpose of
catryingon the traffic, and that persons in this
country are doing more, directly or indnectly, to
cany on the slave tiade than all the rest, of man-
kind. The stain of this slave trade crime and
guilt is upon our country and countrymen; and
the rest of mankind aie conscious of our dishon-
orable complicity in a traffic branded by the na-
tion as piracy.
Under these circumstances, I think it becomcs
us, as a humane and Christian people, to make
special efforts to put an'end to this traffic; to re-
deem the character of this nation, now dishonored
in the face of the world, by suppiessing, as far as
possible, a traffic that is a dishonor to human na-
ture itself. I know that the sum appropriated is
a very small one, perhaps it js too small for the
purposes required; but, sjr, this amendment pio-
poses to appropriate this $300,000 in a way that
will at once enable the Government to send to the
African waters, now covered by slavers, a steam
force that will be more effective than the force
now there in compliance with the stipulations of
the treaty of Washington. These small steam-
\fs, sent at once to the African watcis, will, I am
confident, capture or drhe from the coast s< veial
of the slavers which have, during the past few
months, left the harbors of this Christian coun-
(ty to engage in the work of inhumanity and
shame, which, to the disgrace of civilization, now
flourishes with renewed vigor.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts chaiges the United States officers With
some complicity, as I understand it.
Mr. MALL0RY. The civil officers of New
Yoi k.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts charges United States officers in New
York with some complicity m this slave trade; and
he proposes, by Othei Unit"d States officeis, With
these steam vessels, to put an end to it. Now, 1 do
not know why there should be any complicity in
New York, between the United States officers and
the slave-traders; but I can very well understand
why there should be complicity"between the cap-
tains of these steamersand the slave-traders on the
coastof Africa. What is the use of talking about
any attempt to put an end to the slave trade when
we have had here, a few days ago, a premium of
$100tobcpaidon every African that should be sent
on the high seas to be captured ? I have not the
slightest doubt that the increase of the slave trade
for the last year is owing to the way in which
the Echo recaptured Africans were treated. You
voted a largo sum for them here, and paid a large
sum of money for thcit support in Africa. It was
a profitable transaction. Doubtless they were
made apprentices, and are now, in fact, sla\es to
negroes m Africa. It was found to be a money-
making transaction; and if you now insist on
this premium of $100 or $150on every recaptured
African cairied to Liberia, I ghe you my word
you will catch five or ten thousand m the course
of the next year. If United States officers are
capable of complicity with skive-traders any-
where, the arrangement could be made with the
officers having charge of these little steamers to
allow the officers and crew of the slaver to es-
cape and take in the recaptured Africans by thou-
sands to Liberia. That will be the result. You
may talk about humanity and charity, and all
that; but the practical result is to increase the
slave trade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have one word to say
upon the argument of the Senator from South
Carolina. It strikes me as not very probable. I
do not see that it is very likely that people will
be at the expense of fitting out slave vessels, or
going to the coast of Africa and buying a cargo
of Africans and bunging them to this country or
to Cuba, to have them taken, and have their ves-
sel and cargo all lost, and themselves run the risk
of being hanged, for the purpose of letting some-
body else get the benefit of the §100 for carrying
them back. It does not strike me as probable
that that will increase the slave trade much.
Mr. HAMMOND. I beg the pardon of the
Senator; but these vessels are to go upon the coast
of Africa. They intend to make the thing a good
deal cheaper. They want to put these little
steamers right there; and you have passed a law
that the President shall send all recaptured Afri-
cans direct to Africa at once, wherever they arc
captured, without bringing them here; and this is
the completion and complement of that specula-
tion. You are to put a few small .steamers on the
coast of Africa, and catch them right theic. It
will be all arranged in twenty-four hours, and
they will be sent right back, and the captois will
get $100 a head.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how that
is to benefit the persons who fit out the vessels,
and get the Africans, in the fust place. They do
not receive the money. It seems that certain per-
sons in this -country are to fit out vessels to go to
Afnca for the sake of having them recaptuied and
the money to go to somebody else, besides iun-
ning the risk of being hanged for it.
Mr. HAMMOND. I suppose the Senator has
never heard of a joint stock company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A. joint stock company
in which one loses his money and the other is
hanged is an unequal bargain.
Mr. HAMMOND. You do not hang him.
Mr. MALLORY. I can very well appreciate
the zeal of the Senator from Massachusetts in
this matter. The Senator will boar me out in the
assertion that when he introduced this bill to
suppress the African slave trade, the committee
of which I have the honor to be chairman re-
sponded by a bill which is now before us, and I
have made, an exertion to have that bill pass the
Senate. I have appealed to the Senator frequently
to know how those associated with him would
view it; and I was ready to take it up at any
time and pass it. That bill contained restnctions
on the draft of water which would produce the
I very best class of vessels to suppress this trade.
'! 1 will remind the Senator thai there are now in
jl the home squadron thiitcen vessels, all told, and
Ij each vessel has an order expressly given to it to
moke every possible exertion to suppress the slave
trade, and that four of those vessels, the four
small steam vessels, the Mohawk, Water Witch,
Wyandotte, andCiusader. are especially designed
and adapted to no other purpose than cruising
upon the coast of Cuba to suppress this trade. 1
will ask the Senator whether this Government has
not discharged its whole duty in designating a
