2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
because, faithful in the discharge of all its obliga-
tions, it will exact the same fidelity from others.
In every scheme for its own aggrandizement, it
will jealously respect the rights anil interests of
every other portion of the Confederacy. Scru-
pulous in the exercise of its power, exact in the
justness of its eondwct towards all its sister States,
jt will cliallenge'thcir commendation and affection;
and from this high vantage ground it will call upon
them with authority—it will coerce them by force
of its example—to vie witlneach other in obedience
to the Constitution which dur fathers made, and
in steady support of the Union, which is only val-
uable so long as it breathes the spirit of that Con-
stitution.
I move that the resolutions be printed, and laid
on the table.
It was so ordered.
PRESIDENT'S PROTEST—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBUllNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say a word in regard to the point of order made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I under-
stand it to be the fact that the steamboat-bill spe-
cial order was made before the special order to
which the gentleman refers. It has been post-
poned from time to time, but it never lostits place
as a special order. When one special order is
postponed to a day for which another special order
is fixed, the last must give way to the first. That
is the parliamentary rule; and on that rule the
steamboat bill must come up for consideration. I
desire to say that this bill may be disposed of in
a short time, and then he can take up his special
order. He has to-day and to-morrow for its con-
sideration; so that there will be abundance of time
to dispose of it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I conceive that neither of
these matters is a special order. The postpone-
ment of the resolution was made prior to the post-
ponement of the steamboat hill. The gentleman
from Illinois will recollect that this matter has
been postponed from time to time, for the last four
weeks, at the instance of certain gentlemen. If
the House intend to take any action on it, that
action might as well be had at this time as at any
future time. If it be ftot taken up this morning,
I shall not, unless I change my mind, propose to
call it up again. It is for the House now to de-
termine, and I wish that determination to be made
distinctly this morning, whether they will' con-
sider this resolution, or whether they will decline
to consider it. I have no great anxiety in the
matter, cither one way or the other. My own
wish is to have the decision of the House as to
whether it will consider it now or not. If the
House will not consider H, I will be satisfied with
that determination.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
mere question of order, which the Chair has to
decidc.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I rise to a question
of order. What question is before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House seems to be a difficulty about (he order of
business.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Is that debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Then 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The Cluur is of opinion that |
the gentleman from Illinois is entitled to have the
steamboat bill, his special order, disposed of in
some way, for two reasons. In the first place,
because it is the first special order, and that spe-
cial order is postponed to this time; and in the sec-
ond placo, beeausc it was the agreement yester-
day that if the gentleman waived his bill for the
election case he should have the right to have his
bill considered to-day. For these two reasons the
Chair is of opinion, unless a different order be
made by the House, that the gentleman from Il-
linois is entitled to have his bill considered to-day.
Mr. COBB. Either of these reasons is very
conclusive.
^ Mr, MONTGOMERY. I desire to offer a res-
olution which, I think, is a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. For the purpose of having
the determination of the House on this question^
oratieastas nearly a determination as I can get, I
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I do it for
the purpose of ascertaining the temper of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that the appeal has been taken too late; but if the
Chair thinks otherwise, I move to lay the appeal
on the table. >
The motion was agreed to; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now move to postpone
the prior order—the steamboat bill—for the pur-
pose of taking up the resolution reported by the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has not the floor to make
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HICKMAN. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the motion which I have made is
not in order ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not the floor to make the motion.
He cannot take the floor from the gentleman from
Illinois, so long as he holds it.
Mr. HICKMAN. It was my impression that
I had the floor for the purpose of taking an ap-
peal, and I had not surrendered it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The appeal
was decided.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to yield mc the floor, that I
may offer a resolution which will give rise to no
debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am a good-
natured man, and am usually willing to yield to
every one; but I desire to get through with this
business. I desire to have the House take up at
this time, and determine, this steamboat bill. It
has been postponed from time to time; and when
it was postponed the time before last, it was the
understanding that when it came up it should be
disposed of.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of House bill No. 114, further to provide for the
safety of passengers on vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam; the question* being on Mr.
Crawford's motion to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to ask the gentleman from Georgia whether he
still insists on his motion to commit?
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then 1 de-
mand the previous question on the motion to
commit to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. There is a substitute that has
been submitted by the gentleman fiom Illinois.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois could not submit his substitute while the
motion was pending to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 submitted
my substitute yesterday, and the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] offered another substi-
tute, as I understood it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes; but the gentleman
from Illinois has this difficulty: whilst the motion
to commit was pending, neither he nor the gen-
tleman from Louisiana could have submitted a
substitute, or an amendment to the bill. Under
the rules, we are hound to vote first upon the mo-
tion to commit the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it can he
amended and perfected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I will not controvert the gentleman's position.
_ Mr. CRAWFORD demanded tellers on the mo-
tion to commit.
Tellers were oidercd; and Messrs. Noell and
Buffintox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 70.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I call for the yeas and
nays. There seems to be some misunderstand-
ing. The House does not seem prepared to vote
upon this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
have some further understanding in regard to the
substitute. I offered the substitute yesterday, and
I supposed that the gentleman from Louisiana was
to offer another, upon which the House was to
vote. That was my understanding; but I learn
from the Journal clerk that no such entry was
made. Now, I desire to have that substitute be-
fore the House—which the gentieman*from Geor-
gia will have no objection to—if the bill should
not be committed.
Mr. PEYTON. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer to this bill, and I should be very
unwilling to have that amendment cutoff. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it can be perfected, and where I can have
an opportunity of offering my amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that this bill
has been pending here for years. Gentlemen have
had an opportunity, whether they have availed
themselves of it or not, of examining the bill and
understanding all its provisions. I certainly can
see no reason why the bill should be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union , when the gentleman who has charge of it
is willing that amendments shall be offered.
Mr. STANTON. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
have this matter in regard to the substitutes un-
derstood by the House. I hope they will be con-
sidered as in.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir. I desire to have
the question taken just as it stands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is cer-
tainly some misunderstanding in regard to this
matter. I offered my substitute yesterday, and
I certainly understood that the gentleman from
Louisiana offered another.
Mr. CRAWFORD. How could the gentleman
offer a substitute when the bill was not before the
House ? The-question was as to what disposition
should be made of the bill; but we did not reach
the actual consideration of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offered the
substitute, and went on to explain its provisions,
and to state wherein it differed from the original
bill. I hone that both of these substitutes will
be regarded as in.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We must be governed by
the state of the question as it appears upon the
Journal of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Journal shows that the substitute was not
received.
Mr. BARR. That is the way I understood it.
Mr. W\ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
to reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred, " Shall the main ques-
tion be "now put?"
The main question was not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now offer
my substitute.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union must first be disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. lean offer
the substitute.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Not pending the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, upon which I have de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I admit that
I cannot offer the substitute pending the motion
to commit. If, however, the motion to commit
does not carry, this bill will be open to amend-
ment. I hope the House will not commit the
bill, but will dispose of it at this time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I would like to say a word
upon this subject. I would like to know whether
it is in order to move to recommit to the Com-
mittee on Commerce this original bill, with the
substitute proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe,] that of the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] and all the other
sections ? I think the whole subject should be
recommitted to the committee.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order pending the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
That motion is now pending, and the yeas and
nayshtfve been called upon it.
Mr. STANTON. Is the motion to commit
debatable ?
