THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON; D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1859.
New Series £To. 11.
States of this Union, and which contains the plan
of associations to be formed in the northern and
western States for the purpose of carrying on
armed hostilities against a portion of this Confed-
eracy. From a circular, a copy of which i re-
ceived sometime in April or, May last, I read the
following:
" When a human being is set upon by a robber, lavishei,
murderer, oi tyrant of any kind, it is the duty of tbc by-
standers to go to his or hoi res-cue, by force, if need be.
" On this principle, it is the duty oj the non-slaveholders
of this country, in tiieit private caducity as individuals—with-
out asking permission 01 waiting tlio movements of the
Government—to go to the rescue oj the slaves from the hands
of their 'oppressors.
"Holding these opinions, ue pi-opose to act upon them ; and
we invite all ofhei citizens oi the Stales to join us m the
enterprise. To enable them to judge of its tcasibihty, we
lay before them the mllowmg pto«ramme of measures
which, we think, ought to be adopted, and would be suc-
cessful :
"1. The formation of associations, throughout the coun-
try, of all peisons who are willing to pledge themselves pub-
licly to favor the entf-ipri.se, and render assistance and
support, of any kind, to it.
" 4. liaising money and mihtaiy equipments.
"5. Forming and disciplining buch military companies
as may volunteer for actual service.
"6. Detaching" the non-slaveholders of the South from
all alliance with the slaveholders, and inducing them to eo-
opeiate with us, by appeals to thcix*safety, inteiest, honoi,
justice, and humanity.
" 7. informing tlie slaves (by emissaries to be sent among
them, or through the noft-slaveholdcis of the South,) of the
pian of emancipation, that they may be prepared to co op-
erate at the proper time.
"8. To encouiage emigration to the Soutli of persons
favoring the movement.
"9. When the preceding piehminaiies ?hall have suf-
ficiently prepaied the way, then to land mihtaiyjorcc* (at
numerous points at the same time) in the South, uho shall
raise the standard of freedom, and call to it the slaves and
such free persons as may be willing to join it.
And we anticipate that the public avowal of thrtc meas-
ures, and our open and zealous prepaiation for them, will
have the effect, within some leasonable tune—we tiust
within a few years at lurtbe-Jt—to detach the Government
and the country at large from the interests of the slave-
holders ; to destroy the security and value of slave property;
to annihilate the commercial cieait of slaveholders, and
finally to accomplish Hie extinction ot slaveiy. We hope
it may bo without blood.
" If it be objected that this scheme propose war, we con-
fess the fact. It does propose war—pi irate war, indeed—but,
nevertheless, war, if that should prove necessary. And our
answer to the objection is, that m revolutions of this na-
ture it is necessuiy that puvate individuals should lake the
first steps."
Mr. ASHMORE. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to make a statement just at
this point. *
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. In a moment. I
will read this firxt:
" Our plan then ib—
c: 1 To make war (openly or secretly, as circumstances
may dictate,) upon tiie pioperty of the slaveholders and
then abettois—notfoi it- destruction, if that can easily be
avoided, but to conveit it to the use of (ho slaves. If it can-
not be thus converted, then we adv^e its destruction.
Teach the slaves to burn tfui) masters' buildings, to hill their
cattle and horse?, to conceal or destroy fanning utensils, to
abandon labor in seed-time and harvest, and let crops per ah
Make slavery unpiofitabic in this way if it can be done in
no other.
"2. To make slaveholders objccts of derision and con-
tempt, bn flogging them uheacvcrthcy shallbc guilty of flog-
ging their slaves.'-'
That circular has a note attached to it, upon
which was to bo written the name of some non-
slaveholder in the South, with whom correspond-
ence is .to be opened for the purpose of carrying
out the bloody designs of this association.
Mr. ASHMORE. Mr. Clerk, to show thai the
people of the free States, or a portion of them—
of those banded together lor the purpose of making
assaults upon the institution of slavery—are, at
this very moment, carrying out a part of that pro-
gramme, I avail myself of the courtcsy of the
gentleman from Ohio to announce on the floor of
this House that, at this very time, their emissa-
ries are at this work m South Carolina, and that
we have now in jail, at the court-house at Green-
ville, placed there only a few days since, one of
the vilest and most infamous creatures that over
defiled the facc of this fair earth, who was caught
with those books in his hand, and who had dis-
tributed no less than t*n or twelve copies of it
among the negroes and poor white men of that
district.
II
Mr. COBB, (in his seat.) Well, they'll hang
him.
Mr. ASHMORE. Yes, sir; they will hang
him, and we will hang any such men who come
into that congressional district. [Applause in the
galleries.] 1, sir, come here from, perhaps, the
most conservative and Union-loving district of
South Carolina, and J have myself been taunted
with submi^siomsm in my native State and with
being too much aUnion man; since I lutve taken
my seat upon this floor, such has been the work
of these vile emissaries in South Carolina. I am
glad of an opportunity to state the fact without
intending to engage in discussion. Only a few
days since, this emissary of these Black Republi-
cans, Harrold Wyllis, was at his work when it
was announced to some of the leading gentlemen
of that (Greenville) district that such a mischiev-
ous and infamous attempt was being made to
arouse the slave population of the districtand array
the non-slaveholder against the slaveholder; they
immediately went & work and ferreted out in a
single day seven copies of that infamous Helper
book—the work of4 an infamous renegade thief
from our sister State,North Carolina—[applause
in the galleries]—a man who dare not^show his
face upon the soil which gave him birth. Sir, he
whose heart is so black that he oould assail the
mother who bore him is blacker than I can paint.
[Renewed applause.] Yes, sir; and when the
effects of this emissary were searched, not only
were there copies of that work found in his pos-
session, but an extensive correspondence was dis-
covered between him and various persons in dif-
ferent portions of the North, and he had a placard
over his mantle-piece setting foith in large and
glaring letters that any and all could be supplied
with it free of charge and free of cost by applying
at the office of the Tribune, in the city of rfew
York. He went about his woik secretly and at
the midnight hour; whilst others wore asleep,
whilst all the honest men-of the country wore
wrapped in slumber, he was prowling through
the highways and byways of the land distributing
this book to the non-slaveholding whites and the
negioes. And let me tell gentlemen on the Re-
publican side of the House that the men who
came forward and announced that this mischiev-
ous work was going on were non-slaveholders. A
good old gentleman, whom I have known from
my infancy, and who never owned a slave in his
life was the first to denounce the rascally treason
attempted to be peipetrated. [Applause in the
galleries.] The man*, Wyllis, was immediately
seized and the results which I have stated fol-
lowed; and, sir, he has made revelations which I
am not yet prepared to make upon this floor and
; which, when the time comes, I will make and
j fortify with the testimony of the best men in the
I good old district of Greenville—the Union district
| of South Caiohna. This is the work that these,
j gentlemen have been recommending and that has
i been going on, on the part of the emissaries of
! those who indorsed the Helper book.
I said, Mr. Clerk, thatldidnotintend to engage
in any discussion. I merely wished to state the
facts,'and it struck me that it was a good oppor-
tunity to do so when my friend from Ohio was
reading the shameless and infamous passages from
that most infamous book and from the circular
kindred in its character. [Applause.]
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Ohio
will yield me the floor, I will move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. VA'LLANDIGHAM. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and no vs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the motion to ad-
! journ; and I think the House will adjourn, for I
1 believe there is sense and justice enough upon the
| oth' i side of the House to adjourn at this late
| hoin . win n we are all desirous of going to dinner,
I Mr. FAPvNSWORTH, I demand the yeas
I and nays.
Mr. KEITT. I call for tellers on the; yeas-and*
nays. ' /
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and.
Buffinton were appointed.
The question was*put; and the tellers reported*
—ayes 55, noes 20.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the point of order
that, as a quorum of the House did not-appear
upon the last division, we cannot proceed to any
other business than a call of the House.
I tell gentlemen that I do not intend to with-
draw my motion to adjourn. I believe that there
is sense enough in this House to adjourn at this
time. It is late in the afternoon, and it is the gen-
eral desire of members that there should be an
adjournment. 1 ask the gentlemen of the other
side to let us adjourn. It is certain that nothing
can be done to-night in the present temper of the
House. There is no quorum here by thf'Iast
vote.
The CLERK. Less than a quorum of the
House can adjourn from day to day. More than
one fifth of a quorum has demanded the yeas and
"''jyir. FLORENCE. With the consent of the
House, I will make a suggestion.. It has been in-
timated to me that if I would withdraw my motion
to adjourn it would be renewed by the Other side,
and that the House would adjourn. That changes
the position I took when I said that I would not
withdraw the motion. I will withdraw the mo-
tion, and, as I have expressed myself in favor of
an adjournment, gentlemen upon the other side
can express themselves upon the subject. I have
heard that gentlemen there desired to do so, and
that some of them would vote for an adjournment.
I withdraw my^motion, and thus save the time of
the House that will be occupied in calling the roll.
Mr. CURTIS. There has been a response upon
the call of the roll, and I insist that the gentleman
cannot withdraw his motion.
The CLERK. If there has been a response
the motion cannot be withdrawn,
Mr. TOMPKINS. Gentlemen upon the other
side stated that they vvould discuss this question
to whatever extent, they pleased. We propose to
let them. Let ihem continue the discussion now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not intend to resign
a single right which I may have in this House.
I submit the point of order that I can withdraw
my motion to adjourn. [Cries of " Call the roll!"
from the Republican benches.]
The CLERK. By the parliamentary law, ho
motion can be submitted while the House is
dividing. The Clerk understands that a response
was made upon the call of the roll. If so," then
the gentleman's point of order comes too late.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the Clerk read the por-
tion of the parliamentary law to which he refers.
The CLERK. The Clerk states what he un-
derstands to be parliamentary law, that no motion
can be made while the House is dividing. The
call of the roll was commenced, and there was a
response.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have not read that part
of the parliamentary law.
The CLERK. The Clerk, then, directs the
gentleman's attention to it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the Cleik's
decision.
The CLERK. The Clef-lc has made no decis-
ion upon the subject; but he has only stated what
is the parliamentary law. If it is the gentleman's
desire, the Clerk will submit the question to the
House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood the Clerk to
make a decision.
The CLERK. The Clerk only stated what he
believed to be the parliamentary law,
Mr, FLORENCE. Very well; I will not in-
sist on my withdrawal.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs' Adram, Alien, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashmore, Avery, Baik*dalc, Barrett, Boeock, Bonham,
Boteler. Bouligny,Brabson, Briggs, Bareh, Burnett, Horace
F. Clailc, John B.Clark, CJopton, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Corvvin, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, John G. Davis,
