1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
force of this kind—nine vessels upon the coast of
Africa and thirteen in our home squadron—espe-
cially for it ?
I trust trie'Senate will not take one half of the
money appropriated to equipment and repairs,
which half is less than half of the estimates of the
Department, to buy new steamers, which, as I
say, when purchased, will all be worthless in a
very short time, when in doing so the strong arm
of the Navy, upon which we rely for the suppres-
sion of this very trade, will be withdrawn. Now,
sir, these very steamers employed upon the coast
of Cuba require repair at this time. The estimate
for one of them, I understand, is $10,000. If you
decrease the ability of the Department to repair,
you take asteamerfrom the coastofCuba,and put
another there which you purchase. That is to be
the effect of it.
Mr. GREEN. I understood from the Senator
from Massachusetts that these steamers were to
be employed on the coast of Atrica. As that is
the object, I shall vote against it. If I wera satis-
fied that there was a necessity for employing
additional force as a preventive of the importation
of Africans on the coast of the United States, I
should vote for it; bu-1 do not recognize the right
in this Government, and in Congress, to put a
police force on the coast of Africa, or any other
coast except our own. We can prevent impor-
tation, but we have no light to prevent the slave
trade. This idea was so forcibly presented upon
my mind the other day, by the Senator from
Georgia, that it has convinced me this is the true
constitutional ground. Our right is to prevent
importation, not the trade in the abstract. The
trade between Cuba and Africa, the trade between
Brazil and Africa—these are questions beyond the
scope and power of Congress to interfere with.
Hence, if a preventive force on the coast of the
United States should be required, it is cleaily
within our power, and I believe it is our duty,
under existing laws, to supply that force. _
This is one reason why I shall vote against it. |
Let us leave the trade alone; and 1 really think,
as we have entered into treaty stipulations with
Great Britain, that it would bo well to give the
notice to terminate that treaty. It is the supreme
law of the land so long as it continues a treaty;
but we ought not to enlarge upon it, seeing that
it is suicidal in its policy, beyond the scope and
power of the Government; and this would be an
addition to it. Let us stop where we arc; retrace
our steps the moment the light has shone upon
us, and we see the error we have committed. It
is clearly an error. To prevent importation is
right; it is within the power of the Government;
but to set ourselves up as general philanthropists
to prevent an improper trade in Africa, or between
Africa and any other country with which we
have nothing to do, is beyond the scope and power
of this Government.
And now, Mr. President, as we have been
very hard at work all the week, and are all ex-
hausted 
Several Sr.NATOits. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; but I give notice
that I shall move that the Senate adjourn until
Monday at eleven o'clock. There is no use in
having a recess. We cannot finish this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes, we can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment ollered by the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator fiom
Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Upon the amendment moved
by the Senator fiom California to my amendment
1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Let the amendment be
read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 am opposed to that
amendment. The stipulation in the eighth article
of tlie treaty is as follows:
'■The puna's mutually stipulate thai each shall prepaic,
equip, am! maintain mf-oiviceon theeoa^tof Ah'rci, usut-
tieient anil adequate squadron, or naval iovee ot' vessels, of
suitable numbeis and description, to eatiy, m all, not less
than rislitv L'uii-. to enforce, separately and icspectively,
the kiws i^nt-, and obligations of eaeli of tlie twu euun
tnes lor the suppie-sion ot the slave trade."
There is nothing in this article that requires the
" laws, rights, and obligations" of the two coun-
tries, for the suppression ot the slave trade, to be the
same or identical. The reverse is the fact. Each,
separately and respectively, is to enforce its own
laws, rights, and obligations, in the mode which
each may deem the most effectual. The suppres-
sion of the trade is one matter—-the disposition or
treameut of recaptured Africans is another. The
laws of each nation, as well for the suppression
of the trade as the treatmentof the recaptured Afri-
cans, had been in existence many years before the
ratification of this treaty. They were well known
to the negotiators. But the treatment of the lib-
erated Africans was not adverted to at all in the
treaty, and the suppression of the traffic was to be
by each country separately, according to its own
laws, rights, and obligations.
Would we allow Great Britain to propose that
we should apprentice these Africans or enlist them
in our armies, as she provided by her laws, or if
not, that she would abrogate the treaty ? Most of
Africans recaptured by British vessels are sent to
Sierra Leone, or some of the British towns on the
coast of Africa. Comparatively few, and espe-
cially for several years past, are sent to the West
Indies.
But let them be sent where they may, it is none
of our concern under this treaty, unless, indeed,
theie was some proof that Great Britain was act-
ing in collusion with the tiaders,or that she was
cariymg on the trade in disguise. I am against
the proposition, which is in effect to compel Great
Britain to adopt our laws and our system for the
suppression of the trade, as I would be against
any proposal on the part of Great Britain that we
should adopt her laws or system, or lier mode of
treatment of recaptured Afiicans.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator from Texas
oppose the amendment that I propose ?
Mr. HEMPHILL. Yes, sir; I do oppose the
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. If, under the provisions of this
tieaty, we aie under an obligation (which I ac-
knowledge, and a pioper one) to suppress the
African slave trade, and, in lecapturmg these
slaves, that we are to be at the expense ot sending
them back, then the other contracting party ought
to send the captured Africans to the same place.
They are sending them into slavery, or making
apprentices of them, wlueh is equivalent to slavery.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask the Senator if he lias
any knowledge of the laws of Great Biitaiti on
the subjectof making apprentices of them? What
is the number of those apprenticed, and what is
the term of years '
Mr. GWIN. I know they never sent them
back to Africa.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I think that is a mistake.
A large number are sent to Sierra Leone, and
Batliurst, &c.
Mr. GWIN. If they do take them back, they
put them to work.
Mr. HEMPHILL. They may apprentice them
j fora number of years. There is no certain inform-
' ation on the subject at all. The term of appren-
ticeship in Briti&h Guiana and most, ifnotall, the
West India colonies, is believed to be now three
years, and we have no proof before us that the
apprenticeship contiact is not carried out in good
faith, or how, in fact, it is earned out.
Mr. GWIN. One thing is perfectly certain:
no injury is inflicted on our country or Great
Britain in requiring the policy to be equal inregaid
to the expense of sending back those Africans to
where they came from.
Mr. FES.SENDLN. I cannot exactly appre-
ciate the course of the argument of the Senator
from California. He says that Great Britain, in
her mode of executing the treaty, makes slaves of
the Africans. Does it theiefore follow that we
ought to do so too? If I understand his argu-
ment, i; is, that because Gieat Bi it am makes slaves
of them, we should also make tlieni slaves.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator cannot undeistand
me that way. I say this: that, in.stead of send-
ing them back to Ainea, as we do, they appren-
tice them, which is a species of slavery: and both
should be required to carry them back in order to
suppress the African slave Hade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They judge upon that
subject, and so do we. They judge of the proper
mode of executing the treaty, so far as they are
concerned. They understand that they are exe-
cutin0 it. We judge of the proper mode in which
we slutII execute it. Are we to say, we will not
perform the articles of the treaty, unless they
adopt our mode? Is that the argumentr
Mr. GWIN. I want to ask the Senator if he
is in favor of the practice of England, as we un-
derstand it, of taking these negroes, and, instead
of sending'them back, putting them out to be ap-
prenticed : If that is the policy he is in favor
of 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in favor, in the first
place, of knowing what they do; and I did not
pay attention to every rumor or every represent-
ation that is gotten up with regard to it, which I
am satisfied is designed merely for the purpose
of prejudicing the public mind against the pro-
visions of this treaty. All sorts of accusations are
made without proof. Now, sir, if they take cap-
tured Africans under such circumstances, and
apprentice them for a few years, and in so doing
benefit the Africans, and act in good faith, and do
redeliver them, I see no groat objection to that.
If, instead of doing that, they make it a mere pre-
tense by which they exactservice and abuse them,
then they are grossly violating the treaty. I want
to know what they do. It may be all very well,
or all very bad. But the question is, what shall
we do? If they do wrong, shall we ; or if they
do wrong, shall we refuse to execute the articles
of the tieaty, according to our understanding of
it, ill the best way? It maybe that gentlemen
are in favor of abrogating this treaty. If so, let
them say so, precisely in these words; but do not
let us dodge the question and our responsibility
under any such pretense.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, this matter of
the African slave trade has been placed lately un-
der a new aspect altogether. The law of 1819
provided for the disposition of negroes who were
taken in the slave ships. It remained on the
statute-book without any occasion to invoke it
into practice until during the present year. I do
not remember an instance between 1819 and 1860
when any negroes weie captured in one of these
ships and brought into the United States.
Mr. TOOMBS. Last year, 1859.
Mr. MASON. Well, 1859-GO; but latterly,
within the last year so, the President has sent a
squadron of these modern steamers to cruise "upon
the coast of Cuba. Now, we are bound to keep
up, under tlie treaty, a certain forcj: on the coast
of Africa 
Mr. TOOMBS. Eighty guns.
Mr. MASON. A force of eighty guns, the
honorable Senator says, on the coast of Africa.
We are bound, under the treaty, to keep a marine
force there to prevent the negro.es from being sent
off. Latterly, the President lias sent a marine
force of steamers off the coast of Cuba; and the
experience there has been that they have caught,
I think, three vessels with cargoes of negroes,
amounting to some fifteen or sixteen hundred,
and sent them to Key West, except those that
were sent to Charleston, who were returned in
the Niagara to Africa. I say the question pre-
sents itself in a new character. For forty years
the law was idle upon the statute-book. Now,
why or wherefore, I am not prepared to say, it
seems the cruisers for the negroes have got into
the light place, or they are more vigilant; and the
result certainly is, we are capturing these negroes
in large numbers. I think some sixteen hundred
have been landed in the worst place where they
could be landed, but, from the necessity of the
case, on tho island of Key West. Under the ex-
isting law—[ mean thelaw of 1819—the President
was required to send those negroes back to Af-
rica, and to be delivered there to the agent of the
United States appointed to receive ihetn. I think
that is the whole provision of the law. Before the
legislation of this session, the President, m vaca-
tion, was remitted to that old law; and he did
; the best he could do. There was no money
I appiopiiated to pay the expenses of this deporta-
tion; but he made, as ho was bound to do in the
exercise of his responsibilities, as well as discre-
tion, a contract with the African Colonization So-
ciety to send these negroes to Africa at a given
I rate as the best that could be done.
Since then, as I lia\e said, three cargoes have
arrived, and in the messages of the Piesideut iti-
formmi> us of the fact, he stated there was reason
to believe these cargocs were to be followed by
many moie, anil we have legislated by authoriz-
ing the President to make contracts for five years,
for the deportation, at u price not exceeding $100
per capita, of all negroes that may be brought in.
Now, I do not mean at all to go into the policy of
