3070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
what it may be necessary for its to do hereafter,
and what not; bur ( mean to say this: from some
cause, this question of the African slave trade pre-
sents itself m altogether a new light. I am igno-
rant, I presume other Senators are ignorant, of
why it is the exportation from Africa is greater,
apparently, than it used to be-, or if not greater,
then they are caught in greater iiumbcis, and
brought to this country. 1 will not theorize on
this subject, because I am ignorant of the facts,
it may be, and i am rather disposed to think at
present, although I do not venture the opinion, it
will he found that if the existing legislation con-
tinues—1 mean the law of 1819, with the ancillary
law of this session, providing large sums for the
deportation of those negroes—it may result in an
actual encouragement to these slave-traders and
others combining and colluding with them, to run
the risks of getting the Africans safely into Cuba
in the expectation and belief that in the end they
will get large contracts for their deportation back
to Africa-, and that it will be literally like passing
water through a sieve, by a continual process,
bringing them from Africa to this country, send-
ing them back to Africa, and recapturing and
sending them back again. 1 do not mean to the-
orize oil it; but it may result in that. Mercantile
cupidity knows no restraint of any sort. This
trade nowanpearsto be confined to that very quar-
ter of the United States where the slave trade is
most bitterly denounced. I say, then, wc should
be guarded, very guarded, in our legislation, when
we arc imperfectly acquainted with the facts. I
understand the resolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts to provide for the purchase
of additional steamers to be used in the Caribbean
sea, or somewhere, for the purpose of capturing
these slavers.
Mr. TOOMBS. On the coast of Africa.
Mr. MASON. And that the honorable Sena-
tor from California proposes to amend by a pro-
vision to enter into new treaty stipulations With
Great Britain, requiring of her to make a certain
disposition of the. slave* she may oaptiue. 1 am
against the whole- of it. At a proper time 1 trust
it will be found thv policy of the American peo-
ple to abrogate that clause of the treaty with
Great Butain which has bound us to unite with
her in reference to this subject of the slave trade.
So far as I understand the results of that compact,
my own impression is, it has not only been a fail-
ure, but that the traflic in slavey is utterly ume-
presscd by the joint squadrons of England and
the Uniteil States upon that coast. My impres-
sion is, the trailie in slaves depends entirely upon
the demand, and nothing else; and they will run
all the risk of getting thorn when slaves are at a
high price.
Now, sir, I should be opposed to any new al-
liance with Great Britain on the subject of these
slavers; and I should be equally opposed to the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts to
increase, our naval uimament for the purpose of
supressing it until we see a little further into this
new aspcet which the subject has piesented. Sir,
I cannot imagine greater cruelty exercised upon
any being of the human race than is now exei-
cised on these Africans under the existing laws
of the country in sending them back, inexorably,
to Africa, at a disproportionate cost to the Go\-
ernment. It is cruelty, inexorable cruelty, to that
race. How it is to be remedied I do not know;
but I am not for legislating in the dark, until
we learn something of the causes that have led to
the extraordinary large captures of these people
within the last twelve mouths. We must have
more information. 1 shall therefore vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and equally against the amendment that is
proposed to his amendment.
Mr. HAMMOND. We have had a very hard
week of it; and it is now nearly lour o'clock on
Saturday. We have got the nigger up, and this
discussion is likely to be mtuniinable; and, un-
less theieis <ui agieenient to take the vote at once,
I move that sve adjourn until eleven o'clock on
Monday.
Seveial Sj;\r \tors. Let us vote.
Mr. HAMMOND. If nobody will speak, I
will withdiaw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment ottered by the Senator from
California to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Me-'sis. Era™, Brown, Fitzp:itrick, Gre^Gwin,
Hammond, Iveiton, Johnson ol'Tennessee, Lane, Latham,
Malioiy, Polk, Powoll, Pugh, Sauhbury, Sebastian, Shdell,
Toomb.->, and WigUli—19.
NAYS—Mii'sfrs, Biglei, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Crit-
tenden, Dixpn, Doohttle, Duikee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, llumhn, Harlan, Hemphill. King, Mason,
Peaice, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HAMMOND. I will yield the floor for that
question; but I intend to make the other motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not yield for any
speech, but only for the vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken,
I desire to say a word in order to correct, as I
think, a misapprehension of the Senator from
Virginia, who seemed to suppose that there had
been no action under the law of 1819 providing
for the return of Africans. Iff will be seen from
the annual message of the President, of Decem-
ber G, 1858, that Mr. Monroe had occasion to act
under this law. The President says, m his mes-
sage of that date:
•♦Mi. Momoe, in his special menage of December 17,
1819, at t!)efi sts>es<ionattei the act was pawd, announced
lo Oongte-s what, in Ins opinion, w.n its true eon-ti uction.
He believed it to Ik* his duty, under it, to follow these un-
fortunates into Africa, and make provision tor them theie
unt'l they should be able to pi ovule ibi themselves. In coin-
lnrnieatimj this. mtcrpictanon ot the aetot Congies^ he
fftted that s-omc doubt had been ontcitamed a-> to it< true
intent and meaning; and he submitted the question tothem.
* o thai they ini ht3' s-htmld it be deemed «uiv liable, amend
the same he-fine further pioeeedmgs are had unilei it.' Noth-
ing was done b> Con ie>s  to explain the aet, and Mi. Mon-
roe pioeeeded to can y it into execution accoulmgto Ins own
inteiprctation."
It appears that, during Mr. Monroe's admin-
istration, he had occasion to act under this law.
I state this merely to correct what I thought was
an error of fact on the part of the Senator from
Virginia in supposing that no action had been had
under the law until within the last year or two.
While I am up, I wish to say a word also m
reply to a remark which fell from the Senatoi
from South Carolina, who seemed to suppose that
the Colonization Society was making money out
of the return of these Africans to Libena. i do
not profess to be very well posted in that matter;
but J have seen one of the officers of that Soeiety,
who called upon me in reference to this bill, and
from him I learned that the Colonization Society
had adopted the most economical means which
they were capable of providing, and that it did
actually cost them §150 to maintain these Afri-
cans the first year they were taken to Liberia.
He stated to me that, by the laws of Liberia, it
was not allowable to return the Africans there
unless provision was made for their support for
one year; they would not allow them to be land-
ed; and the society found that it cost them that
much to suppoit them for a year. 1 think there
must be some misapprehension as to the society
making anything out of the return of these peo-
ple. The bill we have passed provides for pay-
ing them only $100 for each returned African,
not #150, which they say U will cost them. I
thmk there must be some mistake also about
their being apprenticed out, because that would
be wholly inconsistent with the statement which
I have received from one of the officers of the
society. I think the Senator from South Caro-
lina must have been misinformed m that respect.
The bill, as it passed, only provided for paying
$100. I do not desire to take up time on the sub-
ject; but 1 do not wish these impressions to go
out. I am willing that the Senate should adjourn
if it is desired.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 believe I have the floor,
and I make that motion. Previous to doing so,
however, I will simply say one woid to the Sen-
ator from Illinois. I spoke of the Colonization
Society as the most probable society; but if we
have a fair President to make a bargain, there
will be groat competition. I would be very glad
myself—that is if I were in that line, or to send
somebody else—to take them at $25.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, the bill which has passed does not direct a
contract with the Colonization Society.
Mr. HAMMOND. I know that.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. The President may make
it with anybody.
Mr. IiAMMOND. 1 presume it will be put
up to the lowest bidder; and I can assuie the Col-
onization Society that they will be underbid at
$100. Ten dollars is enough-—five dollars even,
if he were apprenticed, is enough to support an
African in Africa upon rice; and you have the
power to make him work. It is all nonsense to
pay a cent. There is no sort of doubt but that the
Echo's recaptured Africans arc now in apprentice-
ship to pay their way.
But, as i have said when I was up before, we
have had a very hard week, and I move to ad-
journ, and will not yield the floor to anybody
who intends to make a speech. If there is any
business, of course—my friend from California
[Mr Latham] says he wants to do two or three
things of that sort, or if any other gentleman has
business—of course, without a speech, I will
yield the floor to do that; but I do not, except
upon that condition.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope we shall not adjourn.
Let us finish this bill now. We can dispose of
it as well now as at any other time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from South Carolina make the motion to
adjourn, or not?
Mr. HAMMOND. I yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment is still be-
fore the Senate.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California can proceed only by common
consent.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely want to give no-
tice—I do not intend to make the motion now—
that when the Senate meets on Monday morning,
if! can get the floor, I intend to move to take up
the overland mail bill; and if the Senate will not
consider it on Monday, they may set it down for
Tuesday, at twelve o*clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I do not want
any undeistanding.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely give notice that I
shall make the motion.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that the Senate
adjourn, to meet at eleven o'clock on Monday;
and I will not give way to any one.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. There is no Senator more op-
posed to the African slave trade than I am, and
more determined to fulfill our treaty stipulations
with England, and every other country; but I
am not be blind to the fact which has come before
us at this session, that every ship arrested by our
naval officers costs our people $50,000, or more—
yes, a great deal more, for wc have appropriated
§250,000 at this session, and within the last two
days, to return three cargoes of slaves, and I am
satisfied 
Mr. GREEN. "Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion?
Mr. PUGH. If you will only make one, I will
yield with pleasure.
Mr. GREEN. It is only one. If it becomes
four o'clock we arc bound to take a recess, and
come back at six to-night, and 1 think we had
better make a motion now to adjourn.
Mr. PUGH. I will give way to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. I want to make that suggestion.
Mr. PUGH. 1 will give way.
Mr. GREEN. Then I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 23. noes 21.
So the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 1G, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FttOJI THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mi\ Patton', one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, bills of the House of the following titles:
4-H act (No. 839) to amend an act approved the
