1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
This amendment is necessary to secure the right
which I explained to the House a little while ago.
Mr. MAYNARD. X should like to hear the
gentleman from Maine upon a suggestion which
I will make to him. It is this: suppose these
amendments are made; will it not always be in the
power of the dominant majority to restrict and
limit the time of debate to such subjects as they
may see proper ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There will be
opportunities enough, of course, in Committee of
the Whole, upon questions which are not special
orders, to indulge in general debate. No ques-
tion or measure can be made a special order by a
majority vote, except the general appropriation
bills. With that exception, no measure can be
made a special order except by a two-thirds vote,
and not then except on Mondays. It leaves the
matter, therefore, precisely where it is now, with
the exception of appropriation bills. This amend-
ment simply places it in the power of a majority
to make the appropriation bills special orders, and
provides that, upon special orders in committee,
discussion shall not he in order, except upon the
subject of such special orders, leaving general de-
bate to go on upon the President's message and
upon such bills in committee as have not been
made special orders.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am still unable to see how
it will be possible, under circumstances which may
arise, for the minority to protect its rights in the
Committee of the Whole. It will be in the power
of the majority to keep special orders before the
committee, and prevent all general discussion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Youcanmake
special orders now under a suspension of the rules
by a two-thirds vote. By the amendment reported
by the committee, they can be made only in the
same way, with the exception of the single instance
of appropriation bills; and it seems to me that a
majority should have the right to make the appro-
priation bills special orders. Let me give you an
instance. One of the general appropriation bills,
with the amendments of the Senate, conies into
the House within twenty-four hours, or, perhaps,
within twelve hours of the close of a session. The
bill is referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and it may be lost there,
for the reason that the time of the House may be
wasted by general discussion, until the session
has expired; while the House may need discus-
sion upon the bill under consideration, which they
may have, and still save the bill. That difficulty
will be avoided by the adoption of the amendment
which we have reported, confining the debate to
the measure under consideration upon special or-
ders, and permitting the appropriation bills to be
made special orders by a majority vote.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will suggest, then, that
the rule be so amended as to provide simply that
general debate shall not be allowed upon the ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The amend-
ment provides that general debate shall not be
allowed upon appropriation bills, if they are made
special orders.
The thirty-fourth amendment proposes to strike
out the 137th rule,which is proviuedforin rule 13G.
The thirty-fifth amendment is to amend rule
138, by inserting, after the words "enrolled bills,"
the words " and the Committee on Printing;" so
that it will read:
It shall be in order for the Committee on Enrolled Bills
and the Committee on Printing to report at any time.
That is the same provision as is made in the
rules at present.
The thirty-sixth amendment is to strike out
rule 147, which is provided for by the proposed
amendment to rule 6.
The thirty-seventh amendment is to strike out
rule 153, which is provided for by the proposed
amendment to rule 138.
The thirty-eighth amendment is to strike out
all of rule 154, and insert the following:
The bills from the Court of Claims shall, on being laid
before the House, be read a first and second time, commit-
ted to a Committee of the Whole House, and, together
with the accompanying reports, printed.
The amendment explains itself.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have but this to say
upon the amendments which have been reported;
that the committee were unanimous in every rec-
ommendation which is made. A majority of the
committee were in favor of several amendments
which are not printed with this report, and which
may perhaps be offered by individual members
upon their individual responsibility. We have
reported nothing which every member of the com-
mittee did not consider necessary and proper.
Now, sir, I will renew the proposition which I
made in the outset of my remarks, that in the
consideration of these amendments they shall be
read by the Clerk, and that when they are read,
members shall indicate those which they wish a
separate vote upon; then let us vote in the aggre-
gate upon such amendments as no objection shall
have been made to, after which we may go back
and take up the other amendments separately, and
discuss them and act upon them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will that preclude
amendment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No, sir. And
then I propose, after our report shall have been
gone through with, that the rules may be taken
up seriatim, if desired, and amended.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not object to
that arrangement.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to it, for this reason:
when an amendment is taken up for consider-
ation, I may be in favor of it with a modification
which may be made, but if the majority of the
committee vote against the modification, I may be
opposed to the amendment as reported by the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
gentleman does not understand my proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. In the absence of any rule
which will apply to the consideration of these
amendments, the Chair will consider them as he
would amendments of the Senate. He will put
the vote upon each separately, whether the com-
mittee will adopt or reject it.
Mr. BOCOCK. As one of the committee which
reported these amendments to the House of Rep-
resentatives, I desire to say a very few words.
I do not think I shall occupy the attention of the
committee, at this time, for more than five minutes.
I wish merely to say, in relation to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
born,] as to the manner of voting upon these"
amendments, that I do not believe any time will
be gained by the course he proposes to pursue.
So far as I am concerned, I am perfectly willing
to adopt that course; but I think, perhaps, it will
be as well to adopt the usual course in Committee
of the Whole, and vote upon each amendment
separately, as it comes up for consideration.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will say to
the gentleman from Virginia, that I am perfectly
willing that course should be adopted if he thinks
it advisable.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I wish to remark, in relation
to this whole matter, that I was in hopes the
consideration of these amendments, at this time,
would lead to a pretty full and thorough discus-
sion of the rules of the House of Representatives.
Nothing is more common, nothingis more fashion-
able, both here and in the country, than to bring
up the rules of the House of Representatives, and
subject them to prompt trial and condemnation.
Whatever goes wrong in the House of Represent-
atives, whatever a man has to explain before his
constituents he is very apt to attribute to the rules of
the House of Representatives. Well, sir, there are
in these rules very many things which, to many,
may appear objectionable. But if they are to be
dispensed with, the question is, how can we sub-
stitute matter in their place that will better pro-
mote the public business? The great object of
rules is to enable the majority of a deliberative
body to secure the greatest dispatch of business
in a manner consistent with the rights of the mi-
nority. In other words, to enable the majority
to dispatch business in such a manner as will not
require the minority to vote upon propositions
before they have had the opportunity of consid-
ering them. You have, then, in such a body as
this, to impose restrictions'upon a minority, but,
at the same time, you should enable them, by the
whole tenor of your rules, in the best possible
way, to make their views distinctly known.
Mr. Chairman, it is a common practice to com-
plain of the rule which allows one member of the
House of Representatives to object to a bill, and
thus to throw it over. That is a rule in favor of
the dispatch of business rather than against it.
Suppose that you had no such rule, and the Pri-
vate Calendar came up: a bill might be considered
which would occupy days and weeks in the dis-
cussion. Gentlemen would claim the right to dis-
cuss it. Behind that bill might be various other
bills to which there would probably be no objec-
tion; therefore those bills to which there would
be no objection, and which might at once go
through, are held back until this important bill,
which is of doubtful propriety, has been dis-
cussed at length. You will see, then, that by
enabling a member to throw over bills which are
liable to discussion, you thus open the way for
such bills as arenotliable to objection, to be passed
promptly. I only mention that as an instance of
a rule which tends to the dispatch of business,
but which is regarded by the members of this
House and by others elsewhere who have not de-
liberately considered it, as doing the very reverse.
Nothing is more common than to hear men say
that it is hard to permit one member of the House
of Representatives to defeat the passage of any
bill. In reality, one member does not defeat the
passage of a bill; but his objection only throws it
over out of the way of bills to which there is no
objection,'and puts it in its turn upon what I may
term the argument docket.
There is another thing to which I caU attention.
We have here a very large number ofmembers—
two hundred and thirty-two—one half of whom
are necessary to constitute a quorum. With that
number of members present, all anxious to speak
upon every important measure, it must be per-
ceived that it is impossible all can be heard. Some
must be cut off. When gentlemen are cut off
from making their remarks they are, as we know,
in the habit of visiting all the blame upon the rules
of the House, when m truth the evil is one inhe-
rent to our very condition. In the British House
of Commons there are some five or six hundred
members, and of them only forty members are
necessary to constitute a quorum to do business.
With these forty members, as it is with the Sen-
ate of the United States, each one may be heard
of those who are disposed to speak, to a greater
or less extent, upon every important question
brought up for consideration. There, then, no
member has reason for complaint.
Generally there are one hundred and fifty or two
hundred members present here. Almost every
one of them, on an important question, will wish
to address the House and the country. Each man
has some peculiar view which he thinks is gaing to
create a sensation in this House, and if not here,
at least in the district which he represents, and
throughout the country at large. Each member
here has, he thinks, to establish a reputation of
beingan orator, a statesman, and a satirist, and that
to do that he must speak upon all important ques-
tions. A friend near me adds, that he thinks he
must be also an economist. Suppose, then, you
have an important question before this House.
There are one hundred and fifty members in this
House whose brains teem with ideas which each
one holds bear intimately upon the interests of
the country and the destinies of mankind; whose
brains, like those of Jupiter wheji about to give
forth Minerva, the Goddess of Wisdom, are throb-
bing in agonies of thought, so that they cannot
resign themselves to silence. They must speak,
Mr. Chairman; wisdom mustfind utterance, if not
through a fissure of the head,at least through their
mouths. Then upon every important question
one hundred and fifty speeches are to be made.
Each speech requires an hour for delivery. We
sit about four hours each day. The morning hour
is consumed in ether business, and we have then
about three hours each day for speeches. Divide
one hundred and fifty by three, and that would
p;ive us fifty days for each important question,
rhink of it! And yet such would be the result
of a practice that would give the right to every
member to debate each question that may arise.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have upon our Calen-
dar every year some five or six hundred bills. I
state the number roughly, of the bills which are
upon our Private and upon our Public Calendar.
You are aware, sir, that of that five or six hun-
dred bills only some, scarcely more than half, are
ever acted upon during a Congress. Then you
must put it in the power of a majority to determine
which shall have precedence. Then, sir, every
member whose bill is not acted upon at the con-
clusion of a Congress, and which is thrown over,
visits the blame of that condition of things upon
the rules of the House of Representatives. If it
