2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
May 16,
fore it may excite a little surprise in his mind that
I should oppose his amendment; but I trust that
the ground upon which I oppose his amendment
will be acceptable to that gentleman himself.
The objection which the gentleman from Geor-
gia now urges is one which I myself some years
ago made to this bill. It is undoubtedly true that
the Congress of the United States has no power
to regulate commerce in a State, the Constitution
only authorizing it to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and between States; and there-
fore the argument of the gentleman from Georgia
is undoubtedly sound. His views are corrcct, and
yet I trust the gentleman will see that his amend-
ment ought not to be adopted, because it is pro-
posed at a subsequent part of the bill so to amend
it—and the amendment will there be made more
properly than in this clause—as to avoid the gentle-
man's objection entirely. To strike out the words
proposed to be stricken out by the gentleman from
Georgia, will have the mischievous effect of pre-
venting the bill from applying to a class of ferry-
boats which I think the. gentleman from Georgia
4 lumsolf will see it ought to apply to.
.Now, the amendment whicn,! say, will be pro-
posed to a subsequent part of the bill, is the amend-
ment offered by myself some years ago. It will
be offered by the gentleman from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, and it
will alter the twenty-eighth section, so as to make
it read thus:
Jlnd be it further cnuctcd, Thnf this act shall not be con-
strued to apply to the vessels of other countries, nor to any
craft employed exclusively in the internal commerce or
trade of any State, except when the same is employed upon
watois which form the houndaiyand wa<h the shores of
two or more States or Territories, or of one or moie States
or Territories, and a loreign country.
Then the bill will apply, as it ought to apply,
to ferry-boats, which, sometimes the occasion of
very serious and calamitous accidents, ply upon
waters which wash the shores of two or moie
States.
There is no constitutional objection to such an
application of the Will. Wo have no power what-
ever to regulate ferry-boats that arc engaged in
the internal commerce of a single State; and the
alteration which is proposed to be made to the
bill, aud which will unaoubtcdly be made by the
House, will so alter the bill as to confine its oper-
ation to cases within the constitutional compe-
tency of Congress.
Now, I think the gentleman from Georgia has
no other objection, and can have no other objec-
tion, to including ferry-boats m the operation of
the wholesome provisions of this la w, except our
want of constitutional power to do so. It may
be, and ought to be, a matter of regret to him and
to all of us that we have not the constitutional
power to do so; but m ail cases where we have
this authority, let us exert it. If, then, the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia should prevail,
it will prevent Congress from extending the oper-
ation of this bill to cases which may be constitu-
tionally brought within the exercise of our author-
ity, and that, too, when there is no necessity for
attaining t he object which the gentleman from Geor-
gia proposes, for that may be attained more advant-
ageously in the mode I have just now aunrgested.
Mr. CLIAWFORL). I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if it is proposed to amend this bill in the
twenty-eighth section, in this respect, why the
necessity of this fust section?
Mi. MILLSON. I fear the gentleman from
Georgia did not attend closely to my explanation.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 did listen most atten-
tively.
Mr. MILLSON. I said the first section was
retained because it embraces fen y-boats and tug-
boats which may come within the constitutional
power ofthe legislation of Congress; for instance,
ferry-boats between New York and towns in New
Jersey, ferry-boats between Philadelphia and
Camden; because in those casi s is involved the
regulation of commerce between two or more
States.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Rut the gentleman from
Virginia will remember that the first section em-
braces in its provisions all those boats which run
as such under a chartei or license granted by
State or municipal authority. I ask the gentle-
man if he is willing to allow the Congress of the
United States to pass u law for the regulation and
control of those vessels when they aie chartered
by States or by municipal authorities?
Mr. MILLSON. Why, ships engaged in for-
eign trade may be run under a charter granted by
a State. It would have been competent for the
State of New York to incorporate the Collins
company; but because the Collins company hap-
pened to be incorporated by the State of New
York, it would not, therefore, follow that the Col-
lins steamers'were not subject to the regulations
of Congress. And so any State of the Union may
authorize a company to establish a ferry; but if
the ferry is one established between the shores of
one State and the shores of another State, unques-
tionably thatcommerce between the shores of two
States is subject to the regulations of Congress,
under its authority to regulate commerce between
the States.
Mr. (CRAWFORD. I would state that, not-
withstanding there are some rivers in the United
States which divide States, yet the jurisdiction of
every State extends, in almost every solitary case,
to high or low water mark, as it may be, upon
the other side of the river. I instance the States
of Georgia and Alabama. They are divided by
the Chattahoochee river; and the jurisdiction of
Georgia extends to the western bank of that river,
to high-water mark. So, in the case of the Sa-
vannah river, which is the boundary line between
Georgia and South Carolina, the jurisdiction of
Georgia has been claimed to the eastern bank of
that river. Now, I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, if Georgia was to charter a company for
the purpose of carrying freight and passengers
across either of these rivers, would it be within
the power of the Congress of the United States to
step in and regulate, by this board of inspectors,
ana to control and make null and void, any of the
authority which our Legislature might choose to
give that company?
Mr. MILLSON. It is nota question of juris-
diction at all. It is a question of the regulation
of commerce between the States. If the vessel is
employed in conveying passengers or merchan-
dise from one State to another State, then it is
subject to the control of Congress, under the
clause of the Constitution which authorizes Con-
gress to regulate commerce with foreign nations,
and between the States. It is not a question
of local or State jurisdiction. It is a simple in-
quiry whether the vessel is engaged in the trans-
portation of nrifcsenjrcrs or m< rclmndise from one
State to another. Now, the Supreme Court has
decided that the authority to regulate the trans-
portation of passengers is embraced under the
clause authorizing Congress to regulate commerce,
passengers being apart of commerce; and there-
fore it makes no odds at all whether or not the
whole river is within the jurisdiction of one State,
if the vessel crossing the river is engaged in the
transportation of merchandise or passengers from
one State to another.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Virginia
seems to assume that this clause o£ the bill relates
solely to boats used as ferry-boats. Now, accord-
ing to my reading of the bill, it is not confined to
ferry-boats at all. The language isbroad: "steam-
ers used as tugs, tow-boats, or ferry-boats, shall
be hereafter-subject to the provisions, "&c. There
is nothing in the language of the bill which con-
fines it to ferry-boats, or boats running over waters
that aie common to two States, or over waters
that would bring them within the poycr of Con-
gress to regulate commerce between the States of
the Union. I take it that it is admitted by the
gentleman from Virginia, as unquestionably it
must be admitted byevery member of this House,
that Congress has no right to pass regulations, or
to attempt to exercise any control over commerce
within the limits of a State. The language of
the eighth section of the Constitution says that
*" Congress shall have power to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, nmon  the several
States, and with the Indian tribes;" but it has no
where the power conferred upon it to regulate
commerce within the limits of a State of the
Union. The gentleman from Virginia, then, as
1 take his argument, is perhaps correct in what
he says to a certain extent. There may be em-
braced m this section cases where Congress has
a right to exercise control; but it is beyond all
question that the section, as it now stands, em-
braces cases which Congress has clearly no right
to exercise jurisdiction over.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to interrupt him?
Mr.BRANCH. Certainly. But I would rather
the gentleman would wait till I 'get through, if it
is quite agreeable to him. But, says the gentle-
man from Virginia, the committee intends to pro-
pose an amendment which will cure this defect.
Why, Mr. Chairman, this first section is now be-
fore us singly and alone. Wc are compelled now
to go for or against this first section as it stands;
and how can I, or any other member of the House
who entertains the opinion that this section is a
clear and palpable violation of law, vote for it,
because, perhaps, the House may hereafter pass
an amendment which would cure its violation of
the Constitution? if there is to be a provision
inserted in the law which will cure this violation-
of the Constitution, why not insert it here; or if
it cannot be inserted here, why not strike out as
much of this section as violates the Constitution?
Why not amend this section in such a way as to
avoid the violation of the Constitution? Sir, if
I am called upon to vote upon this section as it
now stands before the House, and as I will be
called to vote upon it, I must, by my vote, give an
affirmance to the doctrine that Congress has the
right to prescribe regulations for steamers used
upon rivers within the limit of a State of thitf
Union; and it is no justification for me, either to
my conscience or to the country, that 1 hope that
at some subsequent stage of the bill an amend-
ment may be adopted which would relieve me of
the imputation of having voted for a violation of
the Constitution.
I will now, in accordance with my promise,
allow the gentleman from Virginia to ask me a
question, or, if he prefers it, I will yield the floor
entirely to him.
Mr. MILLSON. I stated at first that the first
section embraced in its terms cases that were not
within the constitutional authority of Congress,
and that that was necessary in order to accom-
plish the object proper to be attained. To strike
out the words proposed would be to leave without
a remedy existing evils. Surely the gentleman
from North Carolina does not desire that. The
simple question is, whether, after providing that
ferry-bouts, tugs, and tow-boats, shall be subject to
the operation of the law, the provison excluding
from the operation of this section boats used in
the internal navigation of a particular State shall
immediately follow the first section,or shall eome
in at the close of the bill. Now, I hold that it is
proper where it is—to come in at the close of the
bill; because there are a great many provisions in
the bill, and in all the sections of it, which would
apply to all this class of vessels; and therefore
the proviso is better at the end of the bill, that the
bill should not apply to vessels engaged in in-
ternal navigation, than if it were made simply to
qualify the first section; for it is proper that the
whole bill should be qualified by the insertion of
this proviso.
Now, I do not think that the gentleman from
North Carolina should be impatient. He may
very well wait till we come to that clause of the
bill where this proviso may be justly inserted, so
as to cover the first, second, thud, fourth, and all
other sections, instead of having it thrust in be-
tween the first and second, as if it was not in-
tended to apply to the subsequent sections. It
comes in more gracefully at the close of the bill,
asaquahficattonof the operation ofall the clauses,
than it would if it was inserted immediately after
the first section, which would lead to the idea
that the qualification was only intended to apply
to that first section. As to the gentleman's con-
stitutional difficulty in voting for the first section,
all I have to say to him is, that he will not be
called upon to give any such vote at all. He will
not be called upon to vote for the first section,
but on the bill as a whole. We are never in the
habit, in considering bills by sections, of having
a vote upon anything in the body of a bill, but
only on amendments. And if the gentleman only
withholds his vote, he will have an opportunity
to vote for the amendment to the twenty-eighth
clause, which will make the bill read:
That this act shall not be construed to apply to vessels
of other countries, nor to any cralt employed exclusively
in the internal eomnieice or trade of any single State, *x-
oept when the same is employed upon waters which are
navigable fiom the ocean b> vessels registered, or enrolled
and licensed by the United States, or u^on a lake or river
whose waters are navigable by vessels registered, or en-
rolled and lieensed, as aforesaid, and torm the boundary or
wash the shores of two or more States or Territories, or of
one or more States or Territories and a foreign country.
