1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as yet wholly failed in accomplishing that result.
Why is it? Then- is not a man throughout the
entire country who dor* not understand fully that
the subject of slavery as it exists in the southern
States is the only reason why wo cannot organize.
The honorable gcntlemaTi who has been proposed
by the Republican side, is personally unexcep-
tionable as a presiding officer, so far as I know.
But he is the representative of a great idea in this
country; he is the representative of the anti-sla-
very sentiment of the entire North, and he is pre-
sented to us as the proper representative of this
Republican party. As such I view him; as such
we have decided to vote against his election; and
as such we shall hold him up to the country as
the exponent of Republican principles. The sub-
ject of slavery has been a disturbing element in
American politics for forty years, and it is just
as certain to destroy this Union as that time shall
last. To talk of the settlement of this slavery
question is folly; to talk of a compromise upon this
subject of slavery is worse than folly; it is mad-
ness,and cannotbe done. The Republican party^
which represents almost entirely the whole North,
look upon slavery as a sin against God, and a sin
against man. We of the South, look upon it as
right and proper in itself and in accordance with
the divine teaching. I ask you how, therefore, it
is possible for us to compromise the matter? It
has been compromised time and again. It has been
settled, as it was said by its friends and opponents,
more than half a dozen times during the period
in which it has occupied public* attention, and
yet anti-slavery sentiments were never so strong
and so powerful as they arp to-day. And, oil the
contrary, I may say that the pro-slavery sentiment
of my section of the country was never more
powerful in the breasts of our people than it is to-
day. Sir, this question has resolved itself at last
into a question of slavery and disunion, or no
slavery and union. My position is taken; that
of my constituents is taken. The position of the
North is taken, and there is no mistaking that
position.
It has been said, Mr. Clerk, that in reference
to this subject of slavery, the South lias commit-
ted aggressions against the North. It has been
said that we have violated sacred compacts. Be-
fore touching on that subject, I will say to the
House that the South has not violated the rights
of the North 1^ the tariffs that have been passed
for its benefit troni the foundation of the Govern-
ment till now. The South has not aggressed oil
the North on the subject of bounties on fish that
have been secured to your people. Th<' South
has not aggressed on the North on the subject of
the navigation laws; nor has it aggressed on you
on the subject of slavery.
This brings me to the remarks of the gentle-
man representing the Chester district of Pennsyl-
vania, to which I propose now to direct my at-
tention. That gentleman [Mr. Hickman] says in
his speech:
'• Now here is the fn^t, the second. the thiid.thc fourth,
and th') fifth compromu-ew Inch the Noith haveenteied into
with the South upon tltw all absorbing subject ot slavery;
and the North charge upon the South that in o\eiy Mtigle
instance ofcompionn-'e they have violated them altei b:tv-
in<4 received the benefit, ot tried to jreeive the benefit
liom their side of the baigain.5"
On (Ins, Mr. Clerk, I take issue with tlu: gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and I .say that, m re-
gard to the territorial policy of the Government
tor the first thirty years from its organization,
there was 110 aggression even on the part of our
northern brethren; and although this has been
shown time and again, and although it has been
thundered m your ears for the last fifteen years,
it has been either steadily withheld from your
people or you have refused to acknowledge the
fact on the floor of the House or before your
countrymen at home. Now, gentlemen, 1 ask
your attention to the territorial policy from the
foundation of your Government up to 1820. There
was 110 effort on the part of the Government, in
the organization of the Tcrritoiies, to extend the
Wilniot proviso—or freedom, in your language—
to them. In the very first Congress that ever as-
sembled under your present Constitution, a ter-
ritorial government was organized for Tennessee,
and in that territorial bill, so far from southern
men being excluded from the enjoyment of that
Territory with their property, provision was ex-
pressly made for American citizens to enter and
enjoy that Territory with their property.
In 1798, in the Fifth Congress, a territorial gov-"
eminent was proposed and established for Mis-
sissippi; and in that act, too, the rights of slave-
holders were expressly reserved. In 1804, the
Orleans Territory was organized; in 1805, Loui-
siana; in 1812, the Territory of Missouri; m 1817,
that of Alabama; and in 1819, that of Arkansas.
And yet, in every one of these territorial acts,
from 1789 down to 1820, there was no exclusion
of the slaveholder with his property. And still,
it has been reiterated on this floor—you have said
it to your constituents at home, and your papors
have been filled with it—that the history of this
Government establishes the fact that its early
fathers were in favor of the exclusion of slavery
from the public territory. You have endeavored,
by your speeches, to establish the fact that the
importation of negroes from foreign countries, in-
stead of from the slave States themselves, was that
which was prohibited. Your Government had
prohibited the foreign slave trade after some of
these Territories had been organized, and they
would not permit persons entering into the Terri-
tories to carry slaves there from foreign coun-
tries; but they could, by express permission, carry
slaves there from the States. It was in 1820 that
the first aggression was committed, cither on the
part of the South or of the North. It was then
the slavery question came up; and it was said
that there was a compromise then, and^that we
had violated that compromise. The gentleman
from the Chester district [Mr. Hickman] said so
the other day. I desire to tell that gen tit man—
although it may not reach his constituents—that
his assumptions on this floor were not sustained
by the truth of history; and I ask him to tell this
House what he means by the Missouri compro-
mise >
* Mi. HICKMAN. lmcanttosay,and Ithpught
I did say, that by the compromise entered into
m 1820, slavery was excluded from all the terri-
tory north of tne line of 3G° 30'. It was not to
go there, from thenceforward, forever. That was
the compromise I referred to as having been en-
tered into for the purpose of getting Missouri, as
a State, into the Union.
Mr. CRAWFORD. So I understood the gen-
tleman.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to say a word fur-
ther. I will not take up any of the gentleman's
time, forthe state of my health this morning will
not permit me to do so. I desire to say, that the
benefits arising from that compromise to freedom
were destroyed by the subsequent legislation of
1850 and 1834
Mr. CRAWFORD. I had expected so much
from the gentleman. I knew that he was wholly
uninformed in regard to that question, and I knew
that his people were uninformed in regard to it.
After thirty years of uninterrupted enjoyment of
slave property in all the Territories, and by the
special provisions of congressional acts, Missouri
came forward in 1820, aiid asked permission to
frame a constitution and form a State govern-
' mcnt. And upon her application the House of
Representatives consented that she might form a
| State government, upon the special condition that
slavi ry was to be forever prohibited therein.
That was the first aggression. Where 8id it
come from' Did it come from southern Rep-
resentatives, or from northern Representatives ?
That was the first time when such a condition
was ever sought to be imposed upon a people in
forming a constitution and State government.
Call you that aggression upon the part of the
South ' No, sn-.s; it came from your section of
i; the Union, where aggressions have been kept up
|i against us from that hour until now. The bill
'! passed th" House prohibiting slavery from exist-
ing in Missouri. It was carried to the Senate—
; and what fate did it meet there ? A proposition
j was made there to strike out that clause of the bill
;i which the anti-slavery men of the House inserted,
;i and to add what is known as the eighth section of
the Missouri bill, which provided that Missouri
might en joy the right of forming a constitution and
State government, on the condition that slavery
should be excluded from all the territory north of
: 3(P 30', and outside of the State of Missouri. That
was your " compromise !" Now, how many of
[ your men voted for that "compromise"—that
■ • conroact," which the gentleman from Pennsyi-
i vania'held to be sacred, and which he says we
■ i violated ? Upon the proposition to add that eighth
section, I tell gentlemen that every northern Sen-
ator exe.ept two voted to place this limit upon tlie
right of a sovereign State to come into this Union-,
and yet, after they had put that provision into
tlie bill; upon a test question; upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a- third time* every
northern Senator but four voted against it! Did
they stand by the "compromise?" I ask„,youi
gentlemen of the Republican party—you who g&
home to your people and tell them that we lmve
violated the Missouri compromise—I ask you if •
it is not true that the very Senators who put tlie
Missouri compromise in the bill of 1820, turned
round immediately afterwards, and,-upon a test
question, voted against it? And, sir, I teM the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that Missouri was
not admitted under that act. That act was passed
in March, 1820; and in December of the same
year, Missouri, having formed her constitution
and State government, came to Congress and asked
admission as one of the sister States of this Con-
federacy. Did.you stand by the compromise and
admit her? You say it was a compromise. Did
you stand by it ? The Senate passed a resolu-
tion admitting her. She came to this House and
sought admission. You who stand so faithfully
by compacts, and complain of the South for not
standing by them, did you admit her? Why,
Mr. Clerk, when the resolution of the Senate came
to this House, two thirds, of these compact-ob-r
serving gentlemen voted against the admission of
Missouri: and that was in the December follow-
ing the adoption of this very compromise, tfhich
tliey say they have so faithfully tept! That is
the history of the matter; and Missouri was not
admitted under the act of 1820 at all, but under the
proclamation of the President under a very differ-
ent one. Why did you object to her admission ?
Because slavery existed there; and let me tell you,
that slavery had existed in Missouri for sixteen
years under our Ficneh purchase, and had a pos-
itive existence for eight years under her terri-
torial government, when she made her applica-
tion for admission into the Union. And this is
the sacred compact which gentlemen say we have
violated!
But, Mr. Clerk, this compromise of 1820 was
expected to settle the slavery question, and give
peace to the country; there was to be no more dis-
turbance about it ever after. How long was it
thereafter before this House and the country wero
disturbed by petitions from the North asking the
abolition of slavery in this District? Peace to the
country, did I say ? I say that there was no peace
upon this slavery question—there never wilt, and
never can, be peace upon it. This House and the
other end of the Capitol were flooded with peti-
tions in reference to the subject of slavery in this
District' Did we'have peace? But at last the
South yielded to the everlasting importunities of
these anti-slaverymen, and repealed the 21st rule,
which prohibited the reception of such petitions.
And then we were to have peace beyond question.
Havewehadit? Look to the annexation of Texas.
Look to the growth of the anti-slavery sentiment
in your section when Texas was annexed. When
the Mexican acquisition came, or before it came,
Mr. Polk asked for $3,000,000 to negotiate a peace
with Mexico. This anti-slavery sentiment man-
ifested itself then, mid almost the entire North, in
the House of Representatives, said that whatever
of territory should be acquired from Mexico, sk-
ivery should not exist therein. These sacred oom-
pact-men knew that most of this territory would
be south of the line of 36° 30', and why did they
not then standby the compromise? Why did they
not stand by it in 1848, when a select committee
was appdinted to settle matters of difference be-
tween them and us ? How did the vote stand then?
It was proposed by the southern men composing
the Clayton compromise committee, and rejected
by the northern men. We tendered it to you, in
1850, over and over again. You have never been
willing to take the Missouri compromise unless it
worked in your favor, and the territory lay north
of the line.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania talks of the
aggressions on the part of the South, ill 1850.
Did we aggress upon you when we acquired this
territory from Mexico ? Did we aggress upon
you then > Who got California, with its intermin-
able gold fields, with its thousand miles of se.a-
coast front, extending above and below the Mis-
souri compromise line ? I ask the gentleman from
