1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It seems to me, although I know that the gen-
tleman is a strict constructionist of the Constitu-
tion,as I myself claim to be,thatheiscarryinghis
• strict construction to a very unreasonable length,
when he refuses to vote for general rules with a
qualifying exception; because, by voting for the
general rule, although with the exception, he may
be doing something which the Constitution does
not authorize.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
evident that we shall not get through this bill at
all, unless we proceed in the manner provided for
by the rules. They provide that debate may be
closed on each section,and amendments offered.
I therefore move that debate be now closed on
this whole section.
Mr. BRANCH. Allow me first to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my mo-
tion be agreed to, all gentlemen can offer amend-
ments, but not debate them.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have a word to say on
this section, and I hope that debate will not be
closed till I can be heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must insist
on my motion.
Mr. BRANCH. I was only going to propose
to put in this section the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
limit to the proposal of amendments.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The Clerk will read the new rule
governing the matter.
The Clerk read a portion of the 50th rule, as
follows:
" Whenever the House shall refuse to ordfr the main
question, the consideration of the subject shall be resumed
as though no motion for the previous question had been
made. The House may also, at any time, on motion sec-
onded by a majority of'the members present, close all de-
bate upon a ponding amendment, oj an amendment thereto,
and cause the question to be put thereon ; and this shall not
preclude any further amendment or debate upon the bill."
Mr. PEYTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether, after debate is closcd on
this section, I will be permitted to offer an ad-
ditional section, and to have five minutes to ex-
plain it? *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The motion
1 make only applies to the amendment pending,
which is the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia. *
Mr. PEYTON. And that will not preclude me
from offering; mv amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pend-
ing amendment be voted down, the gentleman
from Kentucky can olTer Ins amendment.
Mr. BARR. I ask the gentleman if he intends,
after we get through this bill, to offer a substitute
for it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
depend on the amendments the House may adopt.
Mr. BARR. Then, after spending a length of
time on this bill, the substitute will be broughtm,
and wr will have spent our time for nothing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
that the amendments that will be offered in the
substitute will be entirely satisfactory to the
House. There are few of the amendments alter-
ing the bill in any important point.
Mr. BRANCH. The amendment I propose is
to this first section. Now, if we take a vote to
strike the section out, will I then be precluded
from amending- it afterwards?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If debate be
closed on the section, the first question will he on
perfecting the section according to the rule. The
next question will be on striking out the section.
x Mr. BRANCH. Is it not necessary to have
the amendment offered before the previous ques-
tion is seconded ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question has not been demanded. The motion is
to close debate. There will be nothing in that to
prevent the gentleman from North Carolina and
others from offering amendments.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I respectfully submit that
the decision of the Chair is probably incorrect.
The motion submitted by myself was to strike
out this entire section. As a matter of course, if
that motion should be sustained.by the House,
there wiil be then no chance to correct the sec-
tion. Any effort on the part of the House to have
the section corrected should have been made be-
fore my motion was submitted, or at the time my
motion was submitted, to strike out the entire sec-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man's motion to strike out cannot be put till the
section- is perfected, under the rule.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That would be so if the
proposition to perfect the section had been made
at the time I made the motion to strike out. Any
gentleman could have taken the floor from me
then, and insisted on a motion to amend and per-
fect the original text, before the question was
taken on the motion to strike out. But as nobody
made a motion to amend the first section of the
bill till after the motion was submitted to strike
out the whole of it, I insist that it is now too
late to move to amend.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My motion
to close debate does not change the status of the
question.
s Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair holds
that the rule allowing a motion to close debate on
a section is to assimilate the action of the House
to the action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. But closing debate on
amendments does not preclude the offering of
fuitiier amendments. It only arrests debate.
Therefore, the Chair will hold, if debate be closed,
that the first question will be on the amendment
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Branch;] and then, if no other motion be made
to amend the section, the question will recur on
striking out the section.
Mr. CRAWFORD. How does the amendment
of the gentleman from North Carolina take pre-
cedence of mine ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By the rule which
allows the friends of the section to perfect it before
the vote is taken on striking out.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The ruling of the Chair
would be correct if the gentleman from North
Carolina had offered his amendment. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina, or any other gentle-
man, could have taken the floor from me when I
moved to strike out the section, and insisted that
he should first be allowed to move to perfect it.
But no such motion was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The error
into which the gentleman fulls is in supposing that
my motion to stop debate changes the position of
the question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Oh, no; I suppose every
member of the House understands that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Georgia probably has m his mind the pre-
vious question, from which this rule differs. The
Chair decides, in regard to the new rule, in the
only way in which it can be practically carried
out to be of any use.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to the
decision of the Chair, oecauso I want the section
amended if it is not to be stricken out.
Mr. CLARK 13. COCHRANE. Before [ am
called upon to vote upon this first section, I want
to make an inquiry.
Mr. WINSLOW. What is the question be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is,
whether the House will close debate upon this
section. If that motion prevails, then the ques-
tion will recur upon the motion, which the gen-
tleman from North Carolina proposes to make,
to amend the section. Whether that prevails or
is voted down, the next question, if no further
amendments are proposed, will be upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Craw-
ford] to strike out the section.
Mr. WINSLOW. Under what rule can the
House close debate on the section?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule
which the Clerk has twice read.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the Chair be kind
enough to have it read a third time? There was
so much noise that some of us could not hear it*
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would ask, if the
House shall sustain the motion to close debate,
whether that motion will not appertain specifi-
cally to the amendment before the House; and
whether, when that amendment has been disposed
of, the section will not still be open to further
amendment?
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is what
the Chair has decidcd.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes; .but itwill
not be open to debate. -
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I aslc> if it does
not close debate only upon the pending amend-
ment? That, I think, is the effect of the rule*
The rule was again read.
Mr. WINSLOW. I apprehend tha:t the rule
is this: that the House may at any time, upon mo-
tion sustained by a majority, close debate upon the
pending amendment, and so on, pari passu, as often
as amendments are offered. It does not close de-
bate on the section, nor prevtmt further amend-
ments being made. I therefore ask the Chair
what is the pending amendment before the House,
and the pending amendment thereto ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first prop-
osition is the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from North Carolina appeals to me, before
the motion to close debate is put, to permit him
to offer his amendment, and I will do so.
Mr. BRANCH. I propose to amend the first
section, by adding at the close of it the following:
proviso:
Provided, That nothing In this section shall be construed
to apply to vessels of other countries, nor to any craft em-
ployed exclusively in the internal commerce or trade of any
single State, except when the sarneis employed upon waters
which form the boundary or wash the shores of two or more
States orTemtortes, or^f one or moie States or Territories
and a foreign country.
The object of that amendment is to obviate the
constitutional difficulty to which I adverted when
I was first up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
that my motion to stop debate be put.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to offer a
further amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not be precluded from
offering his amendment. The Chair would state
that, having consulted the Journal clerk in rega-rd
to the new rule, he will decide that debate must
be closed upon each amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, as
now offered, does not quite meet his view. It
ought to read:
" Except when the fame is employed upon the ocean,
or upon a lake or uvor whose waters form the boundary,"
&c.
Mr. CLARK E. COCHRANE. I want to un-
derstand from the gentleman from Illinois the
effect of this first section.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order pending the proposition to close debate.
After the pending amendment has been disposed
of, debate will be in order upon other amend-
ments.
' Mr. BRANCH. I offered my amendment in
words furnished me by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millsok,! without any very par-
ticular examination. He now informs me tnat,
through inadvertence, he furnished me with dif-
ferent words. I will modify my amendment, as
suggested by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. The effect of
the first section will be to put all the steamboats
and tow-boats upon navigable rivers, the mouths
of which wash the shores of any two States,
within the provisions of this bill—even to the
sources of those rivers. For instance: the Hud-
son river at its mouth washes the shores of two
States, and this bill brings every tow-boat and
steamboat on the Hudson, from New York to
Troy, within the provisions of the bill. That will
be the effect of it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
The question was taken on the motion to close
debate; and it was agreed to.
Mr. Branch's amendment was then adopted.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the entire section.
Mr.MOORHEAD. I desire tomoveanamend-
ment before the question is taken on striking out.
My objection to the first section of this bill is,
that it "makes the act of 1852 applicable to tugs,
tow-boats, or freight-boats. I move to strike out
the words " tugs, tow-boats, or freight-boats," in
the fifth line, and to let the ferry-boats stand,
I find, Mr. Speaker, on examining this bill,
that the title of it is lt A bill further to provide for
the safety of passengers on vessels propelled in
