1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15.
between one and two million dollars a year; not
perhaps at the present time; but in years past.
I am speaking of former Congresses, and I spoke
of them because I had occasion to investigate the
subject and to know the facts.
The Clerk is also made the agent of the Gov-
ernment to purchase supplies to ft very large
amount. A large sum of money is placed under
his control, with very slight restrictions Upon him
as to its disposition. The money is at present
paid out bv an officer called the chief clerk. That
officfer is the appointee of the Clerk himself; and,
of course, is subject to his control, and is subor-
dinate to his will.
' The money which is applied to the payment of
th6 mileage and compensation of members of Con-
gress is disbursed by the Sergeant-at-Arms. The
object of this amendment is, instead of a chief
cleric, who holds an office under the Clerk of the
House, and acts in subordination to him, to have
a distinct officer, who shall be elected by the House,
be responsible to the House, and wholly inde-
pendent of the Clerk; and whose duty it shall be,
not only to disburse the moneys now disbursed by
the chief clerk, but also that now disbursed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms in the payment of members.
The other branch of the amendment provides
that the Librarian of the House shall be an elect-
ive officer, instead of an appointed officer. And
I propose that With the library should also be con-
nected the document-room and the folding-room.
I would disconnect them from the office of Door-
keeper-.
I have stated in these few words the character
of the amendment I have offered, and the cflect it
would be likely to have; and I will, as part of my
remarks, have read a statement prepared and sub-
mitted to me by a person represented to be of great
experience, and which, I am told, has received the
approbation of at least one of the oldest and ablest
congressional economists in the country. I ask
for the reading of the paper, for it seems to me to
be worthy the attention of the House.
The communication was read, as follows:
" II is very 5trange that the House of Representatives do
not make a change m the mode and manner of disbursing
its expenditures. As now made, the system is certainly very
defective and needs such alterations as will insure it against
loss, should its offices ever be filled by dishonest men dis-
posed to make money out of their situations, beyond the
salaries appropriated by law. A stricter accountability is
needed, and a check should be put upon all the disbursing
officers by a division of the responsibilities. For instance:
the Clerk of the House now contiaots for and makes the
purchases, examines the samples, certifies to the accounts
being correct, and finally closes tjie business by making pay-
ment. This is all wrong, and leaves a wide field toi fraud;
for certainly no officer should be permitted lo be the pur-
chaser and disburser at the same tune; and it is plain to
be seen that a dishonest Cleik, corrupt contractors, and a
willing and pliant pay cieik, (acieatureofthederk,) could
fleece the Government out o( a handsome fortune during a
Congress; and the Clerk's accounts might appear so cor-
rect and satisfactory as to pass the House committee and
the Comptroller of the Treasury without a moment's hesi-
tation. To obviate this inconsistency, the Clerk should
have his appropriate duties, to perform; among them, the
contracting lot purchasing and certifying to the correctness
of all the required merchandise and wants of his office ; but
in no case should he be perm itted to make payment therefor,
or to control the disbursements. This should be done by a
separate and distinct officer—'a disbursing clerk.' This
officer should not be an appeftntee of the Clerk of the House,
nor owe him obedience ; but should hold his commission
directly from the House, and be responsible to it alone;
should be perfectly free to examine every voucher present-
ed for payment, and for all his acts should be held account-
able to the Committee on the House Expenditures. The
proposals, contracts, and samples, after the purchases arc
made, should be passed over to him, to enable him to judge
of the correctness of an account before payment is made.
"Much could be said; but, to be biief, this change would
be beneficial in many respects, and it would certainly pre-
vent peculation, fraud, letting out the binding, printing,
and sutclung, supplying stationery, &c., to friends on the
division principle, and thereby relieve a just and upright
Clerk from any suspicion resting upon him. To such per-
son the change would be most satisfactory; but to a Clerk
disposed to make more out of his office by adroit and well-
laid plans than his salary or the law allows, it would prove
to be a position far less profitable than it is generally
thought, and theichange would not add one cent additional
cost to the Treasury.
" 1 lie Sergeant-at-Arms: This office h«w become very
desirable—almost as much so as the Clerkship—on account
of the incumbent being made the agent for paying out a very
large amount of money as salary and mileage to the mem-
beis. This should be stopped, and the Sergeant-at-Arms
relieved of any duties except those suictly pertaining to
his office. °
" In the British House of Commons, perhaps the best or-
ganized legislative body in the world, the Sergeant-at-Arms
is at all times, when the House is in session, at his post,
and within eyesight of the Speaker. But in the United
States Hoine of Representatives the ' officer who executes
the commands of the body in preserving order and punish-
ing offenses,5 is seldom seen in the performance of his le-
gitimate duties as Sergeant-at-Arms, his whole time being
taken up with other duties in no way connected with his
official position—the disbursement of more than a million
dollars annually.
" Pay and mileage to members should be made by a
cashier to the Speaker, appointed by, and responsible to,
that high officer.
" The Doorkeeper: This officer should also be relieved
of all duties except such as he is appointed to perform; and
there should be taken from him a large partof the immense
patronage he controls, and the same should be dispensed
by much higher authority. He should have the nomination
of the assistant doorkeepers and pages, subject to the con-
firmation of the Speaker, and nothing else. Respect for
the morals of the nation requires that this change should
be made. It is certainly wrong that this humble officer oi
the House of Representatives sheuld be peimittcd to wield
a greater patronage than many of the first officers of the
Government.
"The House Librarian: The appointment of this officer
should be taken fiom the Clerk, and receivc his commission
by election. He should have charge of the document and
folding-rooms, and all his nominations should be subject
to the confirmation of the Speaker.
"The foregoing changes would add greatly to the com-
pleteness of the House organization; put a stopper to many
of the reported evils, and at the same time lessen the sums
now paid under the present system. All the salaries are
too high, otherwise humble positions would not be sought
after by ex-members, ex-Goveinors, and leading politicians
all over the country."
Mr. M AYNARD. The suggestions of the latter
part of that paper I had not in my mind when I
spoke of its contents. They must stand upon
their own merits for whatever they are worth.
I will say, in addition to what I have already
remarked, that during the la§t session of Con-
gress, it happened to me to be connected with a
committee to investigate the affairs of the Clerk's
office. I became satisfied, as I presume every gen-
tleman associated with me was, that the contin-
gent fund of the House might, at least, be much
better guarded and protected than it now is. The
amendment i have proposed creates no new office;
but proposes that the officer, who is called the
chief clerk, under the Clerk, shall be an elective
officer of the House, independent of the Clerk;
and that it shall be his duty to take charge of the
contingent fund, and attend to the entire disburse-
ment of the monevs of the House to the em-
ployes and to members.
It proposes also that the Librarian, instead of
being, as he now is, an appointee of the Clerk,
shall be an elective officer, holding office by the ap-
pointment of the House; and that he shall have the
control of the document-room and folding-room.
Upon what principle they are connected with the
office of Doorkeeper, I do not know. What the
duty of the Doorkeeper has to do with the fold-
ing and distribution of documents, I confess I do
not very well understand; but I can see great pro-
priety m connecting those departments" with the
library, and elevating the Librarian to the dignity
of an officer elected by the House. Should any
additional legislation be necessary to give effect
to this amendment, it can be effected without dif-
ficulty. We may as well begin the reform in this
way as in any other.
jJlr. GROW". Mr. Chairman, the amendment
proposed by the committee to this rule only
groups in one rule a number of rules. It does
not change the duties of any of these officers.
What the gentleman from Tennessee proposes by
his amendment might be very well in the shape
of legislation, and it belongs properly to the com-
mittee that has charge of the printing, binding,
and furnishing of materials to the Government.
The folding-room needs overhauling, and the mode
of furnishing supplies to it. But I do not think
that the proper mode to correct abuses in the Gov-
ernment is in the rules of the House. The law
fixes the duties of the Clerk, and if you make an
additional clerkship here—which is the amount of
the gentleman's proposition—all the laws in rela-
tion to the Clerk mus^be changed. If it is proper
to have this additional clerk and this superintend-
ent of the document and folding-rooms, it must
be done by legislation fixing their liabilities and
responsibilities, and not by a rule of the House
simply creating the office. 1 believe that that
kind of legislation would be very bad legislation.
Mr. KUNKEL. I concur generally in the
views expressed by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Maynahd,] who proposed this amend-
ment. I also concur in the suggestion made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
with reference to the impropriety of now framing
the rules of the House in a manner not applicable
to the present law as it exists, as well as the cus-
tom of the House prevailing since the organiza-
tion of the Government.
I am sensible, as a member of the committee
under whose control the contingent expenses of
the House are disbursed, that great reformations
on the points alluded to by the gentleman from
Tennessee are required in order to secure an eco-
nomical administration or distribution of the con-
tingent expenses of Congress. It will, perhaps,
surprise some members of this House to be in-
formed that the contingent expenses of the Con-
gress of the United States amount to over three
million dollars, most of which sum is expended
under contracts made by the officers of the two
Houses, and paid by the officers who make the
contracts. There are great abuses existing in this
department of the Government, so far as relates
to the expenditures of public money, and there
are no adequate means now, so far as I am in-
formed, to restrain profuse extravagance and reck-
less expenditures in the disbursements of the mis-
cellaneous or contingent expenses of the Con-
gress.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I have no opportunity
to reply under the rules of the House, I will ask
the gentleman from Maryland a single question.
I ask him whether he, as chairman of the Com-
mittee of Accounts of the last Congress, and a
member, 1 believe, of the same committee of this,
does not know the fact to be that a dishonest
clerk, a contractor, and a dishonest chairman or
other member of that committee, if they chose to
combine, might fleece the Government out of thou-
sands ?
Mr. KUNKEL. I have no doubt of that, sir.
Sad evidence was presented, in the experience of
the last two Congresses, of the enormous amounts
of money paid improvidently and against law by
combinations outside with parties who furnish
supplies to the House, and it has been very well
alluded to by the gentleman from Tennessee. I
concur in the views which he has expressed, but
I would suggest to him that, inasmuch as he has
already, by a resolution which has been adopted
by the House, instructed the Committee of Ac-
counts to inquire into and report what alterations
should be made in the existing law, in reference
to the disbursement of this fund, so as to hold
the officers of the House to a stricter account-
ability for these expenditures, it would be more
appropriate to wait until a report comes from that
committee, who may make suggestions for the
consideration of the House, than at present, with-
out any positive law existing on the subject, to
shape and form rules prospectively, to meet any
alterations that might be proposed by that com-
mittee, to which the subject has been referred.
MESSAGE MOM T1IB SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, it*
Chief Clerk, informing the House that the Senate
had passed a bill entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled 1 An act to regulate the carriage of passen-
fers in steamships or other vessels,' '' approved
larch 3, 1855, in which he was directed to ask
the concuirence of the House; also, that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill of the House entitled "An
act making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending 30th June,
1861," with sundry amendments, in which he was
diiected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 desire to ask that one of
these bills may be referred.
Mr. GROW. I must object. The committee
only rose informally, for the purpose of receiving
the message, and no other business can be done..
AMENDMENT OF TIIE RULES AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session.
Mr. KUNKEL. Mr. Chairman, when I was
interrupted, I was about to conclude my remarks
by making an appeal to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw his proposed amendment to
the rules, which ought to be shaped upon the ex-
isting law, as it stands, and the custom of the
House, rather than shaped in view of any pro-
spective alterations that the committee which has
the subject in charge may recommend to the
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do X understand the gen-
tleman to say that the Committee of Aceonnts
have this subject under consideration ?
