164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- December 15,
Pennsylvania if, entering upon Texas, a slave
State—where pro-slavery laws existed in 1850—,
and setting apart forty-four thousand square miles
of her territory to New Mexico, where there were
no Such laws, was that an aggression on the part
of the South ? It was not aggression in the case
of California; it was not aggression upon this
Texas.boundary question. Where, then, did we
aggress upon you? It was not in the law abol-
ishing slavery in this District. Congress cxer-
' cised the right to abolish slavery m the District.
1 care not what reason you may have assigned
for it, a man who brings a sin ve here with a view
to sell him or send him South and sell him, for-
feits him, and he is free by law. Congress so de-
clared in 1850; and if you can exercise the power
for one reason, you may for any or none. The
reason with which a man brings a slave into the
Districtof Columbia, neither increases nor dimin-
ishes our power over the subject of slavery. Did
we aggress upon your rights then ?
I felt, Mr. Clerk, that then was the time for the
South to have settled forever this question of sla-
very With our northern brethren. 1, in common
with many other patriotic men of my State, en-
deavored to dissolve the ties which bound us to
this Union. We appealed from the action of the
Government to the people themselves. I told
them then that there would never be any peace
in this Republic. I knew it then, and I know it
now. There is no peace. The people, after look-
ing into the question, after considering it, after
weighing it thoroughly, determined to acquiesce
in the compromises of 1850. From thathour, Mr.
Clerk, until the present, T have stood witJi my
arms folded, looking to the time when the question
should be presented by our northern brethren as it
has been for the last three months—ready, sir, at
a moment's warning, to strike for the liberties of
the people 1 represent. I now tell you that my
people, those who felt in 1850 that the Republic
could be preserved longer, believe that it cannot
now be preserved.
But, Mr. Clerk, to proceed with my argument.
In 1852, all parties seemed to acquiesce in the
compromises of 1850. The North said that they
were satisfactory. The Democratic party said
thattficy would abide by and adhere to them. The
Whig party said that they were satisfactory. They
were to be a finality—a final settlement of all the
differences that divided the people of the North
from the people of the South. How long did your
compromises of 1850 last? For only two years—
from 1852 to 1854. And, sir, when the principle
of those compromises was attempted to be incor-
porated into the Kansas-Nebraska bill, this House
remembers, the country vemembers, the blaze of
excitement which was seen throughout the entire
North. That settlement, for a*tnne, had smoth-
ered the anti-slavery sentiment m the. North; but,
in 1854, it broke out with renewed force—with
more, indeed, than it ever had before. Why ?
Simply because the slaveholder of the South was
offered the poor privilege of setilmg the Territory
of Kansas upon an equality with a man from the
North. The restriction, which for thirty-four
years had driven us from that Territory, had been
torn from the statute-book. The men of the South
stood once more forth the equal of the men of the
North.
It was only our contending fortius privilege
and this right, which the South was entitled to
enjoy in the Territory of Kansas, which roused
the North into a flame of excitement against us.
It built up this powerful organization which now
controls the entire Noith,and in 1856 nominated
an adventurer, a man unknown to political fame,
amanwhohadno antecedents which would justify
his election, for President of the United "States,
and came very nearly electing him. In fact, the
opponents of slavery and the haters of slavehold-
ers, in the North, polled for that man thirteen
hundred and thirty-six thousand votes, a larger
vote than that which Mr. Buchanan got m the
North. You control the entire Northfyou con-
trol all northern legislation, and you strike dow n
the Democratic party of the North. Here, upon
our side of the House, the few Democratic Rep-
resentatives from the North who have stood by
the Constitution, and have been prepared to de-
fend the rights of the South, have one by one
been swept away before this northern fanaticism.
They have stood up and battled for us—not for
slavery,but for the Constitution of their country.
I hono^ them for it; lam proud of northern Dem-
ocrats who have stootl by the Constitution of
their country, and they deserve the thanks of our
people. But I tell them they are powerless to
meet this great Republican horde, which comes
like an avalanche from the North, and drives
everything before it. They have the control of
the North, and you are weak, you are no longer
able to save yourselves, or the Constitution. We
must look to our own people and our own section
for protection. Wo can no longer rely upon men
of the North to help us in this our hour of danger.
I would that we could do it, but it is impossible.
Next comes another event in this great drama
of anti-slavery. A southern traitor, a poor, mis-
erable wretch, who had been driven from the town
of his nativity, seeks refuge among these sacred
observers of compacts, and publishes a book, in
which he calls upon the non-slaveholders of the
South to put down slavery by violence and blood.
We have no fear for slavery; it is an institution
which, m its relation between master and slave,
cannot be disturbed by all the men in the northern
States. The book which makes this proposition
to a class of our safest and best men in the South
finds sixty-eight indorsers among the lopresenta-
tive men of this body in the last Congress. Yes,
sir, sixty-eight \im\ of the last House of Repre-
sentatives recommended the circulation of a book
which urges the slaves of the South to sacrifice
the lives of their owners, and your candidate for
Speaker among them. The groat leader of that
party, Mr. Seward, said he had read the book;
that it was full of merit, and recommended it to
the people of all the States.* Hear what he says:
<•] have icud 'The Impending Cri^ of the South' with
deep attention. It seems to me a work of great merit, rich,
> et accurate,in static-ueal imonnauon, and logical in aiu l>-
<
Such is the language of William H. Seward.
This book is indorsed by your leading men, arid
yet you are our brethren, and love us devotedly,
end anxiously desire to preserve our rights under
the Constitution of the United States. We were
told by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Conwisr,]
the other day, m an amusing and interesting
speech, that we should look upon this question
calmly, i know if is the purpose of the Repub-
licans who signed that circular to make the coun-
try believe tint this is a trivial affair. And why5
Because they know that theyv/iil he held to"a
strict, accountability by iIiom- Democrats who
stand behind them at home. You say we should
not be alarmed; that we ought not to pay any
attention to it.
Let us pursue the history of this question a little
further, and e. You make sport of the Brown
invasion, and tellus not to be alarmed. But why
was it thai that insurrection did not extend > We
are not indebted to the northern Black Republi-
cans for it, but to the fidelity of the slave population
of Virginia, and to that alone. Brown expected,
and had reason to expect, help from your people
at tile North, but he was deceived. They had
the will, but they had not the courage of John
Brown. [Applause in the galleries.] I tell you
now, that the South is once more aroused. She
understands that this question cannot be settled;
she kftows it cannot be. She sees the condition
of the publicmmd at the North; understands, and
appreciates it. She understands that there are
some men at the North who are now afraid that
these southern colonies of thejrs will break loose
and set up a government by themselves, to get j
rid of this everlasting disturbance upon slavery, i
Hence it is, we see that thev are gathering all over '
the North, in Union meetings, to express their ;
sympathy for us. We ask from the North no ,
such sympathy. Wc are able to take care of our- ;
selves. We are independent of you. I tell you I
what the South wants. She wants the North to |
send Representatives diiferentfromthosc now here
and m the other wing of the Capitol. That we ;
never shall get; and we know it. We understand
this question too well not to know that the North
never intends to change her position m that re-
spect. Win n wc se< that the North proposes to
repeal her personal liberty bills, and her acts of
habeas corpus; when she throws open her jails for
the security of our fugitive slaves; when we can
travel through the northern States as brethren,
and you can travel South without attempting to
excite insurrection; when our rights in the Ter-
ritories are respected, then, and not till then, will
the South be satisfied. But until then, your Union
meetings amount to nothing. Give us these things,
and then wc will begin to listen to what you have
to say.
Hear what a distinguished Senator says in
regard to these Union meetings at the North:
l'Union-saving meetings aie of no earthly significance.
He had nothing to say againbt those political eunuchs who
gather around such meetings; but those meetings did not
weigh a leather's weight m Massachusetts. Boston had
ffone lor the Republicans at the rcccnt election, and the
Union-saving meeting held theie wis enough to produce
such a result. Notwithstanding these threats on the lloor
of the Senate, the people of Massachusetts would give riity
thousand majority for whoever shall be nominated a.c tiio
Republican candidate foi President."
Hear what else was said in one of these Union
meetings at the North. Mr. Gushing says:
" All the political influences dominant m tin^ State were
founded upon the single emotion of hate—a},hate,ticach-
eious, ferocious, fiendish hate, of our fellow-citizens in the
southern States."
Mr. GOOCH. If Mr. Gushing used such lan-
guage he stated what every other man in Massa-
chusetts knew to be false.
Mr. CRAWFORD. In reply to that, I desire
to say that when Mr. Gushing expressed that sen-
timent, there was applause and cries of " Good! "
"Good!" m Faneuil Hall; Now, what is our
duty? We understand you, and we think the
South understands you. You have got a majoiity
in every northern State. The free States have a
majority of fifty-seven on this floor, a majority of
six in the other branch of the Capitol, a majority
of sixty-thrpp in the electoral college, and a ma-
jority in every branch of the Government. And
what do you propose? First, an instantaneous
repeal of the fugitive slave law. That is the doc-
trine of your leading men. Next, the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia. Next,
the abolition of the slave trade between the
States. But the most important question of the
party is sxtppression of slavery in the Territories,
by a positive law, and to put this Government
prominently on the side of freedom, as you call
it. J am reminded, too, that you propose to re-
organize the Supreme Court. "That is what you
propose to do.
I want the question tested between you and us.
I want it settled. 1 want to know whether we
are to be controlled, whether we arc to be limited
to where slavery now exists, or whether we are
to have liberty to go beyond. ~Wc have now
four millions of slaves. In some twenty-five
yeais hence wc will have eight millions. "V^e de-
mand expansion. We will have expansion, in
spite of the Republican party, and all the Aboli-
tionists of the Old and of the New World. [Ap-
plause from the Democratic benches and the gal-
leries.] You say that you would not menace
slavery m the States where it exists, but would
put the Government permanently on the side of
freedom, denationalize slavery, and then let us
hug it to our bosoms until it destroys us; and that
if we but touch the hem of the mantle of free-
dom, you will trample us to the earth. That is
the expression of a leading northern statesman.
Beecher said that he would preach the same doc-
trines in Virginia as in Massachusetts. Brown
says: " Beecher, why don't you come and do it?"
I ask you why you do not come on ?
Mr. KILGOKE. I will answer the gentleman
if ho permits me. I will tell the gentleman why
Mr. Beecher would not preach in Virginia: Be-
cause liberty of spooch is denied m the South:
and if he were to go there he would get a coat of
tar and feathers.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes, sir; not only would
he be denied liberty of speech, but he would be
denied personal liberty also, and would be hung
higher than Hainan.
Mr. KILGORE. Certainly he would.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That Vould be the end of
it. All we want you to do is, that you shall not
back down from your flag unless you intend, m
good faith, to give us peace. Stand by it; do not
slink away from it. Stand by your true colors.
Do not dcceive your people by telling them that
you intend to do justice to the South when you
have no idea of it.
Now, in regard to the election of a Black Re-
publican President I have this to say, and I speak
the sentiment of every Democrat on this floor
from the State of Georgia: we will never submit
to the inauguration of a Black Republican Presi-
dent. [Applause from the Democratic benches,
