2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16.
whole or in part by steam.5' I find that it also
extends the provisions of the act of 1852, which
is "An act to amend an- act entitled 4 An act to
provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes.' ''
Now, the whole design of this act, and of the
act to which it refers, is to protect the lives of
passengers in Yessels propelled by steam. Why,
then, make its provisions apply to vessels that do
not carry passengers at all? "When you doit,
as is attempted to he done by this section, you
strike down a very important interest in the coun-
try—the interest m tug and tow-boats.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I can tell the gentleman
a very important reason why this class of boats
should be included in this section. By the law
of 1852 the pilots and engineers of all these boats,
if they are included, are to pay six dollars apioce
to this board of inspectors. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. Well, sir, 1 do not want
to compel them to pay these six dollars.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Iknowyoudonot,neither
do I; and that is one reason why 1 want this sec-
tion stricken out.
Mr. MOORHEAD., Mr. Speaker, I am per-
fectly willing that any restrictions shall be placed
upon those tug-boats, tow-boats, and freight-boats
which secure the safety of passengers. 1 am will-
ing that they shall be placed* under such regula-
tions as will prevent collisions, in respect to car-
rying lights, ringing bells, or blowing whistles,
turning out to the right or left, andeverymattcrof
that description; but I am unwilling that the pilots
and engineers shall be subject to the law of 1852,
in respect to obtaining licenses from the board of
inspectors.
The bill says that these tugs, tow, and freight-
boats shall be subjected to the provisions of the
act of 3852, so far as relates to the employment
of pilots and engineers licensed by the inspectors,
and so far as relates to the inspection of their hulls,
boilers, and machinery, and to the provisions for
the protection of life agamst accidents by fire and
collision, to an extent satisfactory to the inspect-
ors. Now, to require that those little boats,
which are built with immense power, capable
of towing seveuil thousand tons of coal, shall be
subjected to the regulations of the act of 1852, in
respcct to their construction and the placing of
their machinery, to prevent 1 hem from taking fire—
to require that they shall have the same spacing
between their machinery and the wood-work as
is required for passenger steamboats, and make
them liable to all the provisions of the act of 1852—
would be to strike down Ibis whole tug-boat in-
terest, which now takes not less than thirty mil-
lion bushels of coal down the Monongaheki and
Ohio rivers tu the mai Icets below", even to New
Orleans, and brings hack empty barg«-s. 1 hove
had a number of letters from my district upon this
subject, stating that this provision will destroy
that whole interest. 1 have before mc a memorial
upon the subject which I propose to have read.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois, if the gen-
tleman proposes an amendment, 1 hope ho will
send it up, so thai we may understand it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend the first
section, by stuking out the words " tuga, tow-
boats, or," in the following clause of the bill:
That steameis u«.ed ;is I'm} -boats, ami minimi? as mk-Ji
under a charter or licence {.'muted l>v .my State <>t munici-
pal autlionijynul ^teamem n-eu' ast(i«$,to\v-l>oatv>rlrei!;lit-
boats "hall lie hereaftei Mtbieof to the provisions'of the act
entitled. "An net to amend an act entitled, 'An act to pro-
vide for the better .security ol'the lives? ot ptv-sengeix on boaid
of vessels piopellcd m whole or in putt by steam, and for
other pui poses,'35 approved tiie 30th day of August, 1&V2,
&c.
I now ask that the memorial to which I have
referred be read.
The Clerk lead, as follows :
To the tonorabtc the Covuniffcc on Commerce.
Home of Representatives, Woshnigton rity:
The undersigned memorialists, all of whom are ensrascd
In the towing of coai m barges, by steam tow-boats, on the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and then tnhutaue-^a^owncis
or officers, and iopve«entin« floating propej ty to the value
of over one million dollais,'would beg leave, respectfully,
to remonstrate against the passage of a bill, presented to the
House of Representatives by your comnnttcc. and ordered
for eon-ideration on Tuesday, the 27th March,' entitled, l-A
bill to provide for the safety of passengers on vessels oro-
pclied m whole or m pait by steam." by which, tow-boats
are brought under the operation of an act of similar title ap-
proved tiie 3otli day of August, A. D. 1B52, toi the following
reasons:
i. The tow-boats engaged in the coai tiade of the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, and their tributaries, are not intended
for the carrying of passengers, havmgno other cabin accom-
modations than those necessary for the crew; consequently,
they ought not to be compelled to provide for a contingency
which can never occur; and as proof of the fact that no
such provision is necessary, we appeal to the record to
show that not one single explosion has taken place on any
of these boats since the organization of this trade; more-
over, almostal! these boats are managed, in whole or in pait,
by owners, whose own lives are jeopaided by the want of
proper care, and who, in the abscnce of any motive to en-
danger the lives of their fellows, would necessarily be care-
ful of their own interests.
2. This business, as conducted on our livers, is alto-
gether a private enterprise—the result of individual energy
and capital—with which the public have little or nothing
to do. We aie busily engaged in developing the resources
of our country. VVe have invented our ail in the mining
interest*} we injure no man by oui operations; we cany
no tieight but our own; and, as said before, we jeopardize
no lives or propcity but our own; and we solemnly piotest
against the passage of a law which will greatly fetter our
business, and lender comparatively useless the large
amount of capital now employed.
3. This trade has* grown up entirely under the provisions
of the act of 1838. Our boats have been constructed ac-K
cording to that act; no misfortune has ever happened in
consequence of any deficiency in that act; and, as a com-
pliance with the jnovisions of the proposed law would
necessarily involve the expenditure of immense sums of
money to conform our boats to it, we again earnestly pio-
test that the Congress of the United States has no right to
deptive us of our property, or oider large expendituies
where no compensating benefit will accrue to the public.
4. The towing tiade of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers is
entiiely different fiom that of the deep bays and estuaries
of our bca-eoast and harhois. We have long, narrow, shal-
low uvers, more than half the year entirely unavailable for
our business, when our boats he idly at our whaives, and
their officers and men aie out of employment. To com-
pensate the latter for their lost time, large wages must be
paid duung the short season of high wafer, and to com-
pensate Us lor these high wages, and to furnish supplies of
coal for the West and South, extraordinary diligence must
be used, and rapid trips have to be made, otherwise the
business will not pay. Each boat, in the downward tiip,
will tow from seven to nine barges of coal, averaging eight
thousand bushels, and, returning, will bring up the same
number of empty barges against the sinuous, rapid cur-
rents of the Ohio, demanding all the povveiof oui immense
engines to stem the foaming current. Down stieam, low
steam is always cairied, unless when compelled to land
under untavoiablc circumstances; whilst up stream, with
our heavy tows, aU the steam we can carry safely is fre-
quently requued to bring us over the occasional floods ot
rapid shoals; and if compelled to submit to the requirements
of the proposed law .we could neither stem the mighty floods,
which sometimes pour down our valleys, nor the narrow,
shallow tapuK which more frequently tumble us; conse-
quently, it is impossible to be governed by any tixed rules
a* to the amount of steam to be carnea.
f>. Accidents from explosions almost always result from
racing, oi at points where boats stop to land oi receive pas-
sengers or tieight; but tow-boats scarcely ever stop, except
for log or wind. Hunting downwards, they may never
make a landing until they art ivc at Cincinnati ot Louis-
ville, and upwaul, until they aniveat 1'ittsbuig; and, as
the power and speed ot each boat is well known to eveiy
other, racing is unknown among us.
6. Yoni inomouali.sts would represent there arc now en-
gaged in the towing tiade of these western rivets neaily
titty steamboat's of various grades and capacities, towing
ovet one thousand baiges, whose aggregate value will ex-
ceed one million dollars; and we smeeiely hope your hon-
oiable committee will pau&c belore you put in jeopardy
the inteiests of so laige a portion afyotu lcflow-eitizens.
Mr. MOORHEAD. It will be seen, from this
memorial, that under the present law relative to
inspection these tugs and tow-boats are under the
law of 1838. The act of 1852 was designed to
apply exclusively to boats or vessels carrying pas-
sengers, and fixes a higher standard of excellence
in rcspect to inspection than is required for these
tugs, tow-boats, and freight-boats. Why, then,
should the laws applicable to the inspection of pas-
senger boats be made applicable to these boats?
Suppose this provision should be enacted into a
law, and a constituent of nunc comes with a tug-
boat which he desires to employ in carrying coal
down to Is'ew Orleans, and bringing back empty
barges. The boat is good enough for any purpose
for which it is proposed to use it, but upon the
strict examination required under the law in re-
spect to passenger boats, it may be found that some
plank is a little decayed, and therefore the boat is
thrown out. The boat is good enough for a tug-
boat, but would not pass inspection as a passenger
boat, and would therefore be condemned. I think
jhc requirement is a very onerous one, and I hope
the House will sustain mc in the amendment 1
have offered. I say, I hope the House will stand
by the amendment which I have ottered'. I do not
want the whole section stricken out. I think there
are a good many things in it which are important
and can be very properly applied to passenger
steamboats. I am not disposed to kill the bill;
and it is because I do not, that I want this provis-
ion, which is an'exceedingly onerous one upon
my constituents, upon the coal interest of Penn-
sylvania, and upon the coal interest of the whole
country, East as well as West, stricken out. It
is entirely unnecessary to apply any such provis-
ion to these boats.
I modify the amendment so far as to include,
also " freight-boats" in the words to be stricken
out; and ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. In regard to
this amendment of thegentlemau from Pennsylva-
nia, as to tugs, tow-boats, and freight-boats, I will
say that there is certainly no disposition on the
part of those who reported the bill to make any
provision by which any interest of the country
should be oppressed; but X wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to precisely the, situation in
which this section places the matter,&nd if it shall
appear that any provision is onerous or oppres-
sive to any interest, I am willing that any such
provision shall be stricken out; for, as I have
said, I have no disposition to oppress this or any
other interest of the country. Now, sir, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania speaks of- the inspec-
tion of these tugs and tow-boats as if it were a
new thing, as if we were now about, for the first
time, to bring these boats under inspection. Why,
sir, they were placed under the supervision of in-
spectors by the law of 1838.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I said so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Well, sir,
all this bill provides, in this respect, is to bring
these boats all within the supervision of one set
of the inspectors. Under the law, as it now ex-
ists, there are two sets of inspectors. The bill
before the House only requires that all the work
shall be done by one set. But I will state that,
in the substitute which I propose to offer, such a
modification is made, asT understood yesterday-
was satisfactory to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. If it is not, I hope such proper amend-
ment will be made as shall render the matter sat-
isfactory to him, and satisfactory to a majority
of the House. There are provisions in the bill
which must commend themselves to the approval
of every gentleman in this body. I hope, there-
fore, that there will be no provision m the bill
which shall lose for it the vote of any member
who is disposed to have a proper law adopted on
the subject. It is important that the provisions
of the bill shall be such as shall put a check upon
the avarice and cupidity of the monopolists who
come into these Hulls, and seek to dictate what
shall be our legislation.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether it would not be well
for this House also to provide against those mo-
nopolists who build houses that fall down and kill
the persons m them ? Would it not also be well
for us to examine into the arrangements of the
railroad • companies, and punish them when,
through their carelessness, lives arc lost?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentle-
mau from Georgia says he is opposed to the whole
bill, and he is, therefore, entirely consistent in the
courss he takes. But I do not intend to be thrown
off from my line of argument by the gentleman's
suggestion.
Now, sir, I have no desire of making any stren-
uous objection against such alteration of this
section, as is proposed,so far as these tugs,tow-
boats, and freight-boats are concerned, if H is be-
lieved that the restrictions imposed by this pro-
vision are onerous upon the owners of these boats.
The reasons of the committee for inserting this
provision are more fully stated in their report than
I could state them in the time it would require to
read it, and I therefore read from that report:
"Tin? "ame reasons apply to the tug, tow, and freight-
boat s, with the additional one that these vessels are less
undei the eye of the inspectors than the foinicr, and is,
theieforc, the stionger icason why they should be btought
utuiei the law ot' 1&50. It is aKo highly important to the
saiety of passenger steamers that tiiey should carry then
lights, in compliance with the sy^em established for pas-
senger- steamers, and also bo governed by the same lules
foi signaling, m mooting and passing each other.
" These vessels are now controlled by officers not.amen-
able to punishment for any of the usual accidents occulting
tbrouuli negligence oi caielessnessto steamboats by collis-
ion, while "the conduct of those of passenger steamers is
subject to immediate investigation, and, if found guilty of
incompetency, caieiessness, or recklessne&b, to prompt pun-
, ishmeitt.
i u The officers of steamers not coming under the law are
fully aware of this state of things, and the result is, that
they throw the whole of the trouble and responsibility ot
avoiding collisions upon the officers of inspected steamers.
" We do not by this intend to have it interred that in all
cases of collision between passenger steamers and other
