THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, J). C.
tinitty-SixTn Congress, 1st Session*.
MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1860.
New Series No. 193.
expenses ol the Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tiibes, for the year ending
June 30, 1S61, having Kiet, alter full and free conference
have agreed to recommend to their respective Houses., as
follows:
That the Senate recedc from the following amendments,
namely two,nine, ten,eleven, twelve,thiiteen,fourteen,
fiiteeiif sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty,
twenur-oue, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twen-
ty live, twentv-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty,
thirty-one, Hurt}-two, thiity-three, tlurty-tour, thirly-five,
thuty-siY, thiitv-sevon, thiity-cight, thirty nine, forty,for-
ty-one, loity-two, ioity-thiee, foity-foui, lbity-five, forty-
six, fojty-seven, foity eight, toity-nine, fifty, lifty-oiie,
fhiy-two", fitty-tlnee, Iifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-seven, fifty-
eight, filty-mne, sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three,
si.xty-loui, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-eight,
seventy, seventy-one, eighty-two, eighty-three, and ninety-
two.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
following amendment*, and agiee to the same, namely:
seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-one, and eighty-five.
That the House loecdc irom their dit-agicement to the
sixty-ninth amendment, and agiee to the same with an
amendment, as follows: strike out all alter the word
'• month," in line loui, page 17, to and including the woid
superintendents," m line twenty-six, on same page.
Tnat tiie Senate agiee to the amendment of the House to
the seventy-eighth amendment ol the Senate.
That the Senate recede liom their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the Senate's ninety first amend-
ment, and agree to *aid iiou*>e amendment with an amend-
ment, as ioli'ows: stnke out liom said House amendment
the vvoids-, " for the extinguishment of their title to lands
in the icgion aiound Pike's Peak."
That the IJou&e leeedefiom their disagreement to the
seveiity-tourth amendment, and agree to the game with an
amendment, as follows: strike out said seventy-fourth
amendment, and insert in lieu thereof the following: '* To
enable the Secietarv of the Jntenorto pay settlers for their
impiovements on lands situated within the geneial ieser-
vations at Puget Sound, the value of which shall be ascer-
tained under the direction of the '"aid Secictaiy, £9,000."
That the Ilou*c recede fiom then di!>agieejnent to the
eighty-fuuith amendment and agiee to the same with an
amendment, a* follows : stuke out *aid amendment and in
lieu theieot insert the following: " for suiveys of reserva-
tions toi theNez Perce*, Flathead*, and Yakamas Indians,
and the Indians west of the Cascade mountains, £15,000.">
J. A. PEAllOE,
W. lv. SEBASTIAN,
HENRY WILSON,
Managers on the pait oj the Senate.
THADOEUS STEVENS,
E. ETI1ER1DGE,
fifanagsrs on the part of the House.
The following is the report of the committee
in detail:
The Senate ree.ede from the following amend-
ments:
Second amendment:
Strike out of the original bill, under the head of "Creeks,"
the toilowmg paragiagh:
F<„ five pei ecntuui interest on <$200,000 for putposc« of
education pei sixth article tieaty 7th August, 1S58,£10,0®0.
Ninth amendment:
Inseitnndm head of "Dwamish and other allied tribe* in
Washington Temtorv," as follows :
For "second installment on §150,000, under the direction
of the President, per sixth article treaty Sid January, 1855,
$12,000.
Tenth amendmont:
Insert utulei tame liead, as follows:
Tor second of twenty installments for the establishment
and suppoit of an agtieultural and nidustual school,and to
piov.de &;ud school with a suitable instructor or instruct-
ors, per fourteenth aiticle treaty 22d January, 1855, £3,000.
Eleventh amendment:
Inseit under t-ame head, as follows :
For second of twenty installments for the establishment
and i-uppoit of a smith and caipenter's shop, and to finm.sh
tlieni with the noees>ary tools, per fouiteenth article tieaty
Q2d Jauuaiy, 1855, £500.
Twelfth aniendment:
In^eit under same head, a* follows :
Foi seeond of twenty in-tnllmeutsfoi the employmeritof
n b!ack>imtb, caipentei, laimer, and physician who shall
furnish medicines lor the sick, per fourteenth article tieaty
22d January, 1855, £3,000.
Thuteenth amendment:
luseit under head of " Makah tribe," as follows:
Fot second lustalhnonton £31),000, undei the duectionof
the Piesidont, pet fifth article treaty 31&t January, 1853,
Fourteenth amendment:
Tiim'U undei <amc heading, as follows :
Foi -eeond of twentv installments tor the support of an
agin itltuia! and industrial .-choni nnd for pay of teachers,
pei eleventh article tieaty 3Ut January, 1855, §2,500.
Fifteenth amendment:
Inseit undei same head, as follows:
For second of twenty installments for support of asmith
ami carpenter"-! --hop, and to provide the necessary tools
therefor, per eleventh aiticle treaty 31st January, 1855,
£500.
Sixteenth amendment:
Insert under same head, as follows:
For second of twenty int-tallments for the employment of
a blacksmith, cuipentor, farms!, and phvsicum who shall
furnish medicines for the sick, per eleventh article tieaty
31st January, 1855, §3,000.
Seventeenth amendment:
Under head of Walla Walla, Cayuses, and Umatilla
tribes, insert as 1oIIoWj>:
Fot second installment of $50,000 for the election of
bufidmg* on the reset vation*, fencing and opening farms,
per third article tieaty 9th Juno, 1855, $25,000.
Eighteenth amendment:
ln*eit und'T same head, a* follow*:
For-second ot five installment* o! £H,009, under the dti ec~
Hon of the Piesident, per second aiticle treaty 9th June,
1855, .$"8,ooo.
Nineteenth amendment:
Undei same head, iiu-cit a-follows •
For second of twentv installments for the purchase of all
necessniv null fixmies and mechanical tools, medicine*,
and hospital states, hook and stationery for school*, and
funutuir; foi the emplo>cs, per fouith article treaty 9th
June, 1855, $3,000.
Twentieth amencT'ment:
Under sune head, mscit a> follows :
Foi second of twenty installment-1 for the pay and sub-
sistence ol one superintendent of farming operations, one
farmei, one blacksmith, one wagon and plow-maker, one
eaipenter and joinei, one phjMeian, and two teachers, per
fourth article tieaty 9th June, 18.">3, ^7,500.
T we n ty - firs t a m c n d m e 111:
Under same head, in*eit as follow4!:
Foi -second ot twenty installments- foi the pay of ca«'h
of the head chiefs of the Walla Walla, Ca>iu-e3_and Uma-
tilla bands, tite sum ol ,^500 p'Ji annum, per liith aitide
tieaty 9tii June, 1955, £1,500.
Twenty-second amendment:
Under same head, inseit as follows:
For j-ccond of twenty installments for salary fof the «on
of Pio-pio mox-mov, per fifth aittcl<  treaty 5Jtn June. 1815,
^ioo.
Twenty-third amendment:
Under head of uYakama nation," inseit as follow* :*
For second of five installments for beneficial objects, at
the di^ciction of the Piesidcnt, per fourth ailiele treaty 9th
June, 1855, §10,000.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows:
For second of twenty installment* forthe sttpportof two
schools, one of which is to be an agricultural and indus-
trial school, keeping in repair school bunding*, and foi
providing #uitabio tuinitme, hook*, and btationeij, per fifth
article treaty 0th June, 1855, §500.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Under *.ame head, insert as follows:
Foi second of twtv,t\ installment* for the employment
of one supcunfendent'of teaching and two tcachers, pei
fifth aiticle ucaty 9th June, 1855, $2;2«X).
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Under same head. Insert a* follows :
For second of twenty installments for the employment
of one supeuntendent of farming and two farmers, two
blacksmith*, one tinner, one gunsmith, one uupenter, and
one wagon and pl.nv-makei, per fifth ait/cle tieaty 9th
June, 1^55, £6,400.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
tJhder same head, inseit a* follow* :
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repaa
saw and flouring mills, and foi fuini-hmg tnc neccssary
tools and fixtures, per fiith article tieaty i)th June, 18v>5,
£500.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Under fame head, ln-cit a* <o|]o\v« :
For second of twentv installment* for keeping hi repair
the hospital and piovidmg the necessity medicine* and
fi\tuies theiefui, pei fifth aiticle treaty 9th June, 1855,
£300.
Thirtieth amendment:
Undt r same head, inseit as follows:
Fot second of twenty installment* for the pay of a phy-
sician, pei filth aiticle treaty 9th June. 18.x>, £1,000.
Thirty-first amendment:
Umlersame head, inseit as follows:
Foi second oi twenrj installments tor keeping m jepair
the buddings requoed for the vnnons employes, and tor
piovidmg the uece*-aiy furniture therefor, per filth aiticle
tieaU 9th June, i855, £31)0.
Thirty-second amendment:
Under same head, mseit as follows :
For second of twenty installments foi the salaiy ot sucn
person as the^-aid confederated tnbesand bandsof 'Tlidiahs
may select to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty'Sth
June, 1855, £500. • s ■
Thirty-third amendment:
Under head of" Nez Perce Indians," Insert Qsfoi'bwa:
For second ot" five Installments for beneficial objects,'at
the discretion of the President, per fourth article treaty Ut&
June, 1855, £10,000.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows:
Foi second of twenty installments forthe support df two
school*, one of which to be an agricultural and iudu3trini
school: keeping in lepair school buildings, and.for.provid-
ing suitable furmtuie, books and stationery, per fifth arlieJe
tieaty 11th June, 1855, £500.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Under same head, inseit a=? follows:
For second of twenty installment* for the employment of
one superintendent of teaching and two teachers, per fifth
aiticle tieaty 11th Ju^ie, 1855, £2,200.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows :
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
blacksmith-", tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpenter*', and
wagon and plow-mai:ors5 shops, and for providing necear
s-aiy tools theiefor, per fifth article treaty llth June, 18355
£500.
Thirty-seventh cimendmcnt:
Under same head, insert Jib follows: s
For -second of twenty installments for the employment
of one supoiintcndent of farming and two farmers, two
millers, two blacksmiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one
cai penter, and one wagon and plow-maker, per fifth article
treaty 11th June, 1855, £G.4U0.
Thirty-eight!) amendment:
Undei *ame head, insert a* follows :
Foi seeond of twent\ installments for keeping ia repair
saw and flouimg nulls and for furnishing the necessity
tooU and fixtures theroior, per fifth arttcle tieaty llth June,
1855, £500.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
Undei same head, insert as follows:
i For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
i the ho.-pital, and providing the necessaiy mudiciucs and
hnmtu'c theiefor, per fifth article, treaty llth June, 1855,
£300.
Fortieth amendment:
Undex same head, inseit as follows:
I'or second of twenty installments for pay of a physiciaa,
per fifth aiticle tieaty Jlth June, 1855, £1,000.
Forty-first amendment:
Under same head, in-eit as follows :
For second of twenty in*tn!!ments for keeping In repair
the buildings for the various emplovC-s, and foi pioviding
the neces-arj furniture therefor, per fifth aiticle treaty llth
June, 1855, ^300.
Forty-second amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows :
Foi seeond ot twenty installments for the salary of such
pors-on as the tube; may select to be then head chief, per
fiith arti( le tieaty llth June, 1855, £500.
Forty-tlurd amendment:
Under the head of f'Fiatheads and other confederated
tube!-," insert as follow-,:
Foi second installment on £120,000 frr beneficial objects,
at the discietion of the Pr^ident, per fourth article treaty
16th June, 1855, £6,000.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Under same head, in>ertas follows:
Foi 'coond of twenty installments for the support of an
agueultural and industrial school, keeping in icpair the
building*, and piovui.ng suitable lunutuie, book*,audsia-
uont ia , pei fifth aiticle neaty 16th June, 1855. £300.
F o r t y - fi f t h a m e n d m e n t:
Und<%t .same head, m«eit as follow.* :
For second ot twenty m-tailnients for providing «-uitabl«
instructors theiefoi. per fiiUi aiticle treaty 16lii June, 18o5,
£1,100.
Forty-sixth amendment:
Under same head, insou as follows:
uuii po   ~ io-'
theretor, pei thth auioie tieaty loth June, iboo,
Forty-seventh amendment:
Undei same head, inseit as follows :
Foi M-cund of twentj installments for the employment
Ol'two fanners, two millcK. one blacksmith, one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpeiuei, and one wagon and plow-
makei, pei fifth ait<cle treaty 16th June, 1S55, £5,400.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Under same head, iitsf-it as follows:
For second of twentv installments tor keeping In repair
<au and flouung nulls, and tor fuinis>hing the necessary
toois and fiuiues therufor, per fifth article treaty 16th June^
1855, £500.
193
