106.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
one who indorses the sentiments of the Helper
ig unfit for the position of Speaker of
this House. To that proposition I give my most
unqualified assent. I say nothing against the hon-
orable member personally. I have not the honor
of his acquaintance.
The honorable member from North Carolina
[Mr. Gilmer] has submitted a resolution-%-hich
I do not approve. Whatever may have been his
motives; the effect of that resolution is to embar-
rass us in obtaining a direct vote upon the reso-
lution introduced by thegentleman from Missouri.
Moreover, the resolution of Mr. Gilmer indorses
the compromise of 1850. That compromise never
commanded my assent. It does not command it
now, and it never can: and, sir, I think posterity
will sustain me in saying that it was a fatal error
in the South to accept it. The act prohibiting the
slave trade in the District of Columbia was uncon-
stitutional. The admission of California under a
constitution framed under a military government,
whereby we were deprived of our equal rights in
a territory purchased by common blood and com-
mon treasure was a wrong that should never have
been acquiesced in by the South.
But, sir, ihe honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] has introduced a resolution,
upon which I beg leave to make a few remarks.
He was known as a member of the Democratic
party, and claimed to belong to it, I believe, up
to his vote yesterday. Perhaps the honorable
member still claims to be a member of that party;
but I think that no member of this House who
was here in 1858, and observed the vote which he
„gave upon Mr. Giddings's motion to reject the
Senate bill for the admission of Kansas, has ever
looked upon him as a member pf the Democratic
party since that day. He is the only member of
the party who voted for that motion, and who is
here as a member now; and I well remember the
impression made upon my mind at the t ne that
he gave that vote was, that lie had gone over to
the Republicans, and gone forever. But in leav-
ing, finally, his former associates, he has shot a
Parthian arrow, in the shape of a resolution pro-
posing the adoption of the plurality rule.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. My then colleague,
Major Harris, voted with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman) upon that occasion.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Harris, of Illinois, Mr.
Hickman, and Mr. Cliapman, of Pennsylvania,
were the three members of the Democratic party
who cast their votes for that motion. The reso-
lution of the honorable member from Pennsylva-
nia confirms me in my impression at the time. I
say nothing as to others; not a word of him who
is in the grave, or him who is not now a member
of this House. • .
The plurality rule has been introduced, and it
is a matter of the last importance to the rights of
the South that every constitutional guarantee
should be preserved at this critical juncture. I
see nothing in the Constitution to authorize its
adoption. My inter/notation of the language,
certainly of the spirit of that instrument, is, that
no less than a majority of this House can make a
Speaker.
Honorable members say that we have prece-
dent for it. But let me remind them that in the
contest of 1850, between Mr. Cobb and Mr. Win-
throp, if there be no constitutional objection, 110
issues were before the country such as we now
have. We had then two representatives of two
great parties, and, in the language of the times,
two great national parties; for, although I never*
assented to the doctrines of the Whig party, I
regarded it in many respects a great party. It
had talents and patriotism, although many of its
measures were unjust, and, in my opinion, uncon-
stitutional. In the contest between Mr. Banks
and Mr. Aiken, in 1855-5C, ihe plurality rule was
adopted; but have not circumstances changed since
then? Had Mr. Banks refused to repudiate the
infamous teachings of Helper ? Had Mr. Sew-
ard proclaimed his higher law? At all events,
had it been announced that the States were all to
be free or all to be slave ? Had it been announced
by the party of which the honorable member from
Ohio is the candidate for Speaker, that it intended
to abolish slavery, and that it only remained for
us of the South to say whether it should be (}one
peaceably or by force - He who now votes for
the plurality rule, whereby the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio is to take that chair, cannot escape !
the condemnation of the country upon the ground
j that he did not vote for that member himself. The
country will hold every man responsible for the
election of a Republican Speaker who votes for
the plurality rule under these circumstances.
I could have wished, sir, that the subject of
squatter or popular sovereignty, as some are
pleased to call it, and the candidacy of a distin-
guished statesman from Illinois for the Presidency
had not been introduced into this debate. "Butas it
has been done, I shall make a few remarks upon it.
And in this connection I desire to call the attention
of the House to the remark of the honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] that the
Democratic party, or perhaps he said the South,
proposed " to carry slavery everywhere." Now,
sir, I ask where he finds any warrant for that asser-
tion ' What public man in this House or out of it;
what statesman of the South, the North, the East,
or the West, has ever claimed that slavery shall bo
carried into a sovereign State where it does not
exist? We claim, mid T think I speak the senti-
ments of a large and powerful party in the South
when I say it, that we have the right to carry
slavery into the common territory of the country;
that we have the right to have our slave piopertv
protected there by territorial laws as other prop-
erty is protected; and on the refusal of a Terri-
torial Legislature to afford us that protection,
either by omitting to pass the requisite laws, or
i by positive unfriendly or hostile enactments, we
claim that it is the duty of Congress to afford
that protection. We do not claim " a slave code"
in advance; but we do claim, when the occasion
arises, that it is the duty of Congress to afford that
protection. We deny the right of Congress to
abolish or establish, and we deny the right of the
Territorial Legislatures to abolish or establish,
slavery in the Territories. That question can only
be determined when the people of a Territory,
with an adequate population, adopt their consti-
tution preparatory to admission into the Confed-
eracy of States. And I do not believe that that
party of which I speak will support any man for
the Presidency who does not indorse that doctrine.
They not only will not support such a man, but
they will not support one who is willing to ignore
the question of southern rights in the Territories.
1 regret its introduction at this tunc, and there-
fore will say 110 more now: hut will suggest to
gentlemen—Americans and Denim ..'Is and auti-
Lecompton Democrats—that we un.tc against our
common enemy, and when we have disposed of
him, wo will dispose of the points of difference
between ourselves. Let us defeat the Republican
candidate for Speaker, and at a subsequent and
more appropriate time we will discuss these other
subjects.
I now come, Mr. Clerk, to allude to the views
of the honorable member from Tennessee, [Mr.
Nelson,] who addressed the House at an early
stage of this debate; and the remarks I propose to
make, are made " more m sorrow than m anger;"
for, as far as I am concerned, and I think it is the
wish of the party with which I act, X desire no
broach between those who unite in opposing the
common views of our common enemy upon the
great and vital question of slavery.
I learn that he is a shining light of the bar of his
State. From his sentiments, I apprehend that he is
an old line Whig—I will not say a " fossil Whig,''
"varnished over" with Americanism—but I will
say that the gentleman entertains, and has given
utterance to opinions which are not in keeping, I
think, with the prevailing opinions of the South.
I desire here to vindicate the truth of history upon
one matter, upon which lie, as well as the honor-
able member from New Jersey, [Mr, A drain-,]
thought proper to make some strictures. I allude
to their remarks upon the subject of nullification
and secession. The former said:
" The saale of nullification has been $cotc\ed, not killed.
That teeing existed during tlie lifetime ot its great leader;
and one of the last letters he ever wrote—his letter to Col-
onel Tarpev—was one in which a meeting or organization
of the southern States was recommended."
Again:
" We all know that although the spirit of nullification u-ts,
for the time hem*, quieted by the sU ong and energft ir meas-
ures of General Jackson, yet every o<'ea«ion in whiou hos-
tility to thi.-= Union c-ould be manifested, since that memor-
able period, has been seized.-'5
The honorable gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. AdraikJ said:
T3jc:c w.io <i tune when the cry of disunion was raised
I in the State of South Carolina. That erv was put down,
i Andrew Jackson v,asrat the head of the Gji eminent, and he
] put it dou-n."
j Though but a boy at the time of that disinter-
< ested struggle for tho constitutional rights of a
j whole section, I learned my first political lesson
| in that school. And I believe that struggle did
i more to disseminate throughout the South, a clear
' understanding and just appreciation of the doc-
trine of State rights than any event which has oc-
curred since the days of Mr. Jefferson and the
"straight-jacket resolutions of 1798and 1799,"as
the gentleman is pleased to call them. Gentlemen
may choose to condemn "thegreat leader of nul-
lification,'' but no man was more devoted to the
constitutional rights of the country than John C.
Calhoun,. His last great speech in the United
[ States Senate, on the 4th of March, 1850, oxlnh-
I its a patriotic desire to save the Union. But it is
; due to his memory to say, that he looked upon
• a dissolution as inevitable, unless the agitation
of the slavery question should be stopped; and
that he looked upon disunion itself as a less evil
th.m submission to wrong and injustice, inflicted
under the forms of law.
But it is said that General Jackson "put down
nullification and secession." I know that those
honorable members do not desire to misrepresent
history, but they do so when they make such a
declaration. What were the facts? A series of
tariff acts had been passed by Congress which
acts the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi all
pronounced to be an unauthorized exercise of the
powers of Government. On the 24th of Decem-
ber, 1832, South Carolina, in her sovereign capa-
city, in convention, passed an ordinance nullifying
those acts. On the 11th of December, General
Jackson issued his proclamation. On the 2d of
March, 1833, the act known as the compromise
act was approved; and on the same day, the force
bill was approved. The compromise act adopted
the system of ail valorem duties, and abandoned
specifics and minimums, reducing gradually the
duties to a levenue standard. The people of South
Carolina felt that they had succeeded in estab-
lishing the great principles for which they were
contending, although the reduction to a revenue
standard was gradual and not immediate. Accord-
ingly, on the reassembling of the convention, an
ordinance was passed on the 15th of March, 1833,
repealing the ordinance of nullification; but there
w<is also passed, at the same time, another ordi-
nance, nullifying the force bill itself.
How, then, can it be si:d that General Jackson
put down nulbfi'Mtion? What did he do to put it
down? He sent, a handful of troops to Port Moul-
trie of a then smol! army, it is true. But do hon-
orable gentlemen know that South Carolina had
then under arms twenty-seven thousand of the
best drilled troops that ever shouldered a musket?
Do they know that the then Governor of Virginia,
Governor Floyd, declared, when the threat to send
Federal troops against a sovereign State was made,
that no Federal force should march through Vir-
ginia to attack South Carolina, without encoun-
tering the whole forcc of that, great Common-
wealth ? General Jackson put down nullification !
That was the common cant of the times with par-
tisans who did not understand the matter; but
I would suppose that, at this day and time,
honorable members would have so far informed
themselves on this subject as to do justice to his-
tory.
1 have, Mr. Clerk, a further ground of com-
plaint against the honorable member from Ten-
nessee. I acquit him of all improper motives.
The Creator has stamped upon his brow the mark
of honesty, however erroneous his views. But I
cannot sit here and hear such sentiments avowed
on this door without rebuking them. He says,
in substance, that there was a time when disunion
and secession sentiments were regarded, at least,
as moral treason.
The honorable member from New Jersey [Mr.
Adrain] also uses freely the terms "treason " and
"traitor, "and, speaking ofwhat had been said with
regard to the South seceding from the Union, on
the election of a Block Republican President, he
says:
" Rueh a doctrine is trea^m, and if it i<? attempted to he
carried ont J p;av Ood that theie -hall b>: powei enough in
tins Government, that it is .-tionc enough m good, pat! ioue,
and eonser\ativ; people to pat it down."
I am awu.ru that theye doetrinus were in former
