1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vote by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the taction to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee ®n En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 524) for the relief of J, R.
Crump;
Aft act (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension to
James Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war
of 1812;
An act (H. R. No. G99) to amend an act regu-
lating the diplomatic and consular system of the
United States;
An act(H. R. No.353) forthc relief of Thomas
R. Livingston: and
An act (H. R. No. 587) for the relief of Anton
L. C. Pot tman.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of privilege.
Mr. STRATTON. Irise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan is'entitled to the floor.
ARTHUR EDWARDS.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate resolution No. 41, for the
relief of Arthur Edwards and his associates, for
the purpose of putting it on its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I presume there
will be no objection to taking up that resolution;
and if there is, I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. PHELPS. I would state, in reference to
the regular order of business, that when the House
adjourned last evening, the demand for the pre-
vious question was pending upon the Senate
amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1861; and whatever has taken
place this morning, has taken place by unani-
mous consent. That is the regular order of busi-
ness; and it is important that we should act upon
these amendments, in order that the bill may be
sent to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The motion by the gentle-
man from Michigan, to suspend the rules, is in
order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, f rise to a question
of order. What lias become of the morning
hour?
The SPEAKER. It expired some time ago.
By unanimous consent, the morning hour was
consumed upon the resolution of the Senate m
reference to a final adjournment. The Clerk will
read the bill.
The hill, which was read, authorizes the Post-
master General to examine and adjust the claim
of Arthur Edwaids and his associates, for cairy-
ing the through mails on their boats between
Cleveland and Detroit, Sandusky and Detroit,
and Toledo and Detroit, during the years 1849
and 1853, and the intervening yeais, and to pay
to said Edwards and lus associates such sum of
money as shall be found to be justly and equi-
tably due to them for carrying the mails as afore-
said; and jt provides that the sum thus found due
shall be paid out of any money m the Treasurer
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that n bill
passed this House, and was si.nl to the Senate,
for the benefit of the very panics named in this
bill. It passed the Senate, and was sent to the
President. The President vetoed it; and that veto
message, returned to this House, lias not been
acted upon.
Mr. LEACPJ, of Michigan. This is a Senate
resolution, and not a House bill.
Mr. BURNETT. The President's veto has
not been acted on; and here is a joint resolution
for the benefit of the same parties,
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the message was acted upon in th^ Senate, but
that it has not been acted upon by th6 House.
Mr. PHELPS. £ demand the yeas and nays;
and 1 object to debate upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. CURRY, f demand tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes,
and Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 101, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Cliatles F. Adams, Green Adams*, Aid-,
rich, Alley, William t\ Anderson, Bingham, Francis P.
Blair, Blake, Boielor, Boulignv, Bravton, Buflinton, Burcli,
Butteifield.Caiov,Carter, John Cochrane,Colfax. Corvvm,
Cox, Jaine* Craig, Curtis., U.Wintei Davis, John G. D.ivis,
Dawos, J)elann> Dimmsek, Due)!, Edward*, Ely, English,
Farnswoith, Fetuon, Fostei, Funk, Gilmei, Gooch, Gra-
ham, Giow. Hale, Ilaskm, Ilclniick, Hill,William llowaul.
William A. llowaul, Humphrey, Junkin, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kelloirg, Ivonyon, DeWitt C. Leach, James
M. Leach, Longnccker, XiOvejoy, Marion, MeKean, Mc-
Phcipon, Million, Montgomery, Moorhcad, Morrill, Ed-
wtud Joy Morns, Moisc, Nolson,Niblack, Nixon, Palmer,
Perrv, Pettit. Potter, Ileagan, Iltee, Chu-aopher Robinson,
Koyee, Sheiman, ironies, Spaulrlmg, Stevens, William
Stewait, Stoke--, Stout, Tappan, Taylor, Thcakcr, Tomp-
kins. Train. Turn hie, \ andever, Van Wjck? Vciiee, Wade,
Walton. Cadwalader C, Washhnin, Ellihu B. Washlmrne,
Israel lYa-bhnrn, Wells, Wilson, Wnnloin, Wood, Wood-
liifT, and Woodson—101. *
NAYS—Mc^r-. Allen, Aj-limore, Barksdale, Bocock,
Dojce, Branch, Bristow, Burnett, Bmnhnm, Horace F.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Button Crai«e3 Crawford, Cuny, De
Jarnette, Erhendgo, Ferrv, Gattrell, Hardeman, John 'J'.
Hani^, Hanoi), Illndnian, Hoard, Holman, Houston,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins Jones, Kent, Killmgei, Kttnkol,
Landtum, Larrabec, Leake, Lee, Loomis, Mallory, Elbert
S. Mmttn, IM.iynaid, MeClernand, McQueen, Meliae,
Mile*., Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moose. Pevton, Phelps,
Poitet, QtUilt"-, Janu"* C. llobii^on, KuiTm, Singleton,
William N. 11. Smith, Stevenson, James A Stewart,
Stiauon. Thomas, Utah-i wood, Vance, and Wright—CO.
So the rules were not suspended; two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
During the vote,
Mr, WILSON stated that Mr. Case was paired
off with Mr. Lamar.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAYIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (II.
R. No. 288) recognizing the suivcy of the Grand
Cheniere I&land, State of Louisiana, as approved
by the surveyor general, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. STRATTON. I now, Mr. Speaker, call
up the Kentucky contested-election ease of Chris-
man vs. Anderson; and 1 ask the Clerk to read the
resolution repoited by the majority of the com-
mittee.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. That Hon. William C. Andei^on i<* entitled to
the fceat now held by him as Representative in the Thirty-
Sixth Congiess from the tourth congressional district of
Kentucky.
Mr. STRATTON. However, under ordinary
circumstances, I might be disposed to consume the
hour allotted to me under the lules of the House,
m discussing this case, I feel that, at this late pe-
riod of the session, I should be doing groat injus-
tice to the House, and to the important business |
now pressing upon it, should I occupy moie time
than will be necessary to state the points of the
case, and the facts upon which the committee have
made their report.
Mr. BURNETT, Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I would like to have it understood, as we
agreed in the ease of Blair and Barret, that the
same courtesy should be extended to the contest-
ant and the coutestee in this case as was extended
to the parties in that case. We have extended
the session, and we have sufficient time to have
this case fully discussed.
Mr. STRATTON. I have not yielded the.
floor. I shall be through with my remarks in a
few minutes, and then the gentleman can have
the floor to state lus proposition.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope I shall then be able
to get the floor, to make that motion.
Mr. STRATTON. I understand thata resolu-
tion has been passed allowing Mr. Chrisman to
be heard upon the merits of this case. Of course,
no gentleman in the House will make the slightest
objection to that.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not want, thin discussion
to come out of the gentleman's time. I will say*
to the gentleman that the right to speak at all in
this ease has never been conferred upon Mr.
Chrisman.
Mr. STRATTON. I was told, yesterday, by
my colleague, [Mr. Gartrell,] if I recollect
aright, that such a resolution had been offered and
adopted. Before I called the attention of the House
to the case, in reply to a question whether I should
offer a resolution to that effect, my colleague
told me that such a resolution had already been
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
no such resolution has been adopted.
Mr. GARTRELL. I supposed it had been;
but if it has not, I make the motion now.
Mr. STRATTON. I move that Mr. Chrisman
be admitted to a seat upon this floor, and that he
be permitted to address the House upon the mer-
its of this case.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to have the motion
amended; and I appeal to the magnanimity of the
other side of the House that they will extend to
Mr. Chrisman the same privilege that was given
to Mr. Blair, of Missouri, by this side of the
House. That agreement was, that the contestant
should occupy one hour; that the sitting member
should occupy two hours; and that the contestant
should have one hour in conclusion.
Mr. STRATTON." I do not desire more of
the time of the House with this case than is abso-
lutely necessary to its being properly understood;
and m order to shorten the time, I make this prop-
osition: that the contestant and sitting member
shall argue this case, and that no one else shall
speak upon it; and that the vote shall be taken
after they shall have occupied an hour each.
Mr. BURNETT. The injustice of such a
course must be very apparent to every one. This
is a case of great importance to the State of Ken-
tucky; and all we ask is the very same courtesy
which has been extended to contestants in cases
tried heretofore.
Mr. STRATTON. I am willing to occedc to
an arrangement to this effect, that Mr. Chrisman
shall have half an hour to open; that Mr. Ander-
son shall have an hour to reply; and that Chris-
man shall have half an hour to rejoin.
Mr. BURNETT. All I ask is that gentlemen
shall be as fair to us in this case as we were in
the case the other day.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection to the
sitting member and contestant arguing their own
case; but it is morally impossible that they can
argue it in the time suggested by the gentleman
from New Jersey. I suppose they could bring
their argument within the limit of two hours each,
but not in less than that time.
Mr. STRATTON. I accept the proposition
suggested by the gentleman from Kentucky, that
the "same rule shall be adopted in this case as was
adopted in the Blair and Barret case, so far as re-
lates to the contestant arid sitting member.
There being no objection, it was so ordered. 4.
Mr. STRATTON. Mr. Speaker, I made the ¥
suggestion to shorten the time, because this case
is not nearly so voluminous as the Missouri case
was, and therefore I supposed that an hour would
lie sufficient time to allow to each of the parties.
I was about to state, Mr. Speaker, the facts of the
case, on which the report of the committee is
based, and which authorize them, in their judg-
ment, to report the resolution which has been just
read from the Clerk's desk,and which the Houso
is asked to adopt.
This ease, Mr. Speaker! comes from the fourth
congressional district of the State of Kentucky.
The election took place on the 1st of August,
1859. By the report made by the board of State
canvassers of Kentucky, to whom the election
returns are by law forwarded from the different
congressional districts of the State, Mr. Ander-
sonls declared to have received 7,204 votes, while
his opponent, the contestantin this case, received
7,201 votes, leaving a majority on the face of the
letuins in favor of the sitting member of 3 votes.
By the laws of the State of Kentucky, the judges
of election in each voting precmct, consisting of
two judges and a clerk, who are appointed by the
county court, and the sheriff of the county, or
