1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131
those was the death of a little girl, whose arm,
laying over the taffrail when the boat came into
the slip, she was drawn over and crushed, re-
sulting in death. The other death resulted from
the running of the boom of a sloop into the cabin.
So that for nearly twenty years past, out of an
average of nearly twenty-live million persons per
annum, there have been but two lives lost upon
that system of ferries under the laws as they now
exist. A less number of lives, I venture to say,
have been lost upon those ferries than upon the
sidewalks of Broadway amongst any twenty-five
million persons who have passed yearly from
Trinity church to Grace church on that street.
Now, with these facts bsfore vis, are we to im-
pose upon femes of this character restrictions
which will be so onerous and burdensome as those
which this bill creates ? Now, look at the provis-
ion in reference to pilots. You propose to sub-
ject the pilots upon these ferries to a system of
licensing. Why there is no similarity whatever
between the instruction and the experience re-
quired of the pilots of ferry-boats, and that re-
quired of the pilots of ocean steamers in the bays
on our coast and large rivers which traverse the
country. These pilots of ferry-boats are brought
up and educated on the spot. Most of them
were originally deck-hands of long experience in
the currents and channels. They have been edu-
cated until they became pilots. The company
themselves can far better understand the qualifi-
cations of persons competent to pilot these boats
than any inspectors possibly can.
And, sir, if this law passes, these pilots will be
able to dictate terms to the companies. Being
limited in number, and holding, as they will, a
sort of charter from these inspectors, they will be
able at any time to dictate terms to their employers.
We have had already upon the lines between New
York and Brooklyn, of which I have been speak-
ing, two strikes by the pilots for higher wages,
greatly endangering the lives of passengers, and
compelling a large number of the boats to lie up.
If it had been necessary to have obtained licenses
for pilots as substitutes for those who struck, in-
stead of employing as pilots experienced deck-
hands, who had been long in the employ of the
company, we should have been completely cut ofl,
by an embargo, from New York.
There is no reason which applies to pilots of
larger vessels, which can be made to apply to the
pilots of these ferry-boats. I will state to the
, House, that in addition to the Brooklyn ferries,
there is an equal number of boats running between
New York and Jersey City, and carrying annually
at least ten million persons, and the arguments
which I have urged 111 reference to the-Union
ferry-boats, apply with equal force to these boats.
Sir, it is unnecessary to place these^ heavy bur-
dens upon the proprietors of these ferries and upon
the people who use them; and I hope that my
amendment, striking out" ferry-boats," will meet
with the concurrence of the House.
Mr. EDWARDS. The provisions of this bill
are not confined in their interest to the sea-board,
nor to the rivers, but the interest extends to the
inhabitants of every part of the country; for it
is well known that in these days of locomotion
the people from one section of the Union are to
be found in every other section of the country;
that our whole population is constantly in motion
from year to year, and hardly an accident occurs
where people most remote irorii the scene are not
found among the sufferers.
Now, sir, if the provisions of this bill are im-
portant in relation to ocean steamers, it seems to
me that they are much more important in relation
to ferry-boats. The statement which the gentle-
man from New York has just made, with refer-
ence to the very large number of persons who use
these ferry-boats shows that there is a greater
exposure of human life in ferry-boats than there
is in ocean steamers; and although the instance
which he has stated shows that there has been a
remarkable exemption from casualties of this char-
acter, in the case of a particular feny, yet 1 am
told that on another ferry, not very long since,
there were thirty or forty lives lost on one of these
boats. The gentleman should have referred to
more than one instance, among the numerous fer-
ries that are spread all over this country, if lie
would sustain his conclusion.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman referred just
now to a case in which a number of lives were
lost on a ferry-boat. Was that a case at the city
#f New York'
Mr. EDWARDS. No, sir; at Philadelphia.
Mr. TAYLOR. I remember a remarkable
accident in connection with one of the steamers
plying between the city of New York and Staten
Island; but that grew out of npthing connected
with the boat; it was owing to the insecurity of
the platform which connected the boat with the
landing. It had nothing to do with steam nav-
igation.
Mr. EDWARDS. I placed a single fact in
opposition to a single fact stated by the gentleman
from New York. I do not think it necessary,
however, to resort.to experience upon this sub-
ject at all. I think it is a matter of reasoning, of
inference, of just conclusion fiom the nature of
the transportation and extent of its use.
But, Mr. Speaker, what is the extent of this
onerous tax which the gentleman from New Yoik
tells us is to be imposed upon these ferry com-
panies > The gentleman has not informed us upon
that subject, but has contented himself with the
general statement that it is to be extremely bur-
densome and expensive. Now, I am informed—
I do not vouch lor the fact, however, of my own
knowledge—that the expense of licensing pilots
would only be about three or four dollars a year
to each boat; and the bill vests in the inspectors
both a discretion as to requirements and a limit-
ation of charge according to tonnage. But sup-
pose it is more; suppose it is vastly more;if there
is a necessity for it, the taxation should be sub-
mitted to; for it ought not to be said that danger to
human life is to be computed by a few dollars and
cents. As I remarked, 1 do not know the extent
of taxation to which this bill will subject the ferry
companies; but it does seem to me that, if the
reason applies to ocean steamers, it applies to all
vessels which arc propelled by steam, whether for
a shoit distance or a long one.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
close debate upon this amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for tell-
ers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasiibcrne
of Illinois, and Humphrey, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-seven in the affirmative; a further count
not being demanded.
So tin: amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on striking out the
section.
Mr. RIGGS. I move to amend, in the twenty-
fourth line, by striking out the words " in sudh of
said vessels as are not employed in carrying pas-
sengers," in the following clause of the first sec-
tion:
Provided, That in such of said vc<fwl« as are not em-
ployed in eariymg pas-engers the im'pt'eiois may dispense
with so much of The provisions of -sa.d act lcl.iting to the
carnage of ceitam articles described a«dangeiou  as m
then dibCietioti may he deemed unnecessary.
My reason for offering and insisting on this
amendment, is the fact that the original act, pre-
scribes severe penalties for these boats carrying
inflammable materials. They are prohibited trom
carrying hay, straw, powder, &c.^ Now,itmust
be obvious to the committee that it is impossible
for the owners of boats tunning between Jersey
City and the city of New York, to tell what may
come on board of those boats. Wagons are driven
on board these boats containing various articles,
and the owners of the boats may innocently be
subject to heavy penalties by the provisions of the
act in reference to carrying inflammable materials
on such boats. My amendment will leave it m the
discretion of the inspectors to make such provis-
ions as, in their judgment, may be lieccssary and
proper.
Mr. EDWARDS. My purpose in rising be-
fore was to move that the whole of that proviso
be stricken out. Of course, I cannot make that
motion as an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from New Jersey. I move, how-
ever, that the remainder of the clause be stricken
out. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to this proviso being stricken out. _
Mr. EDWARDS. The proviso has certainly
been rendered entirely inapplicable by striking
out " tug-boats and tow-boats."
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the gentleman may accomplish his object by
moving to strike out the whole proviso.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not under-
stand that motion to be in order, pending the
motion of the gentleman from New Jersey.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment will be in order.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move, then, to strike out
the whole proviso.
Mr. RIGGS. I wish it to be understood that
the amendment of the gentleman does not meet
my purpose.
Mr. Riggs's amendment -was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. The question is now, I sup-
pose, on my amendment to strike out the whole
proviso. 1 wish the House to understand that
there can be no question that it applies only to
tug and tow-boats, whicli have been stricken out.
It will have no application, therefore, if it is al-
lowed to remain.
The amendment was agreed to, and the proviso
accordingly stricken out.
Mr. PEYTON. I desire toofferan additional
section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman, that it will not be in order to offer
an additional section until we shall have gone
through the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman may,how-
ever, amend the first section by adding a proviso,
orbyadditional words,in any form he mayplease.
The SPEAKER. I-Ie may, but not as a new
section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky that he had better
wait until we get to a part of the bill to which his
amendment is applicable.
A Member. How do you know what his
amendment is?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, as I un-
derstand, is in relation to steering apparatus for
steamboats.
Mr. PEYTON. Will the gentleman inform me
to what section my amendment will be applica-
ble?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If at any
point, I think at the end of the bill.
Mr. PEYTON. I prefer offering an amend-
ment at this point. I move to add the following:
Jlnd jironiei further, That if any tlllei-rope is used,
composed, in whole or ill part, of hemp, or any other com-
bustible material, on any steamboat navigating the rivers
of the United States, in lieu of the metal chains or rods
now lequned by taw for steering said boats, the said ropa
shall be piutected, from the pilot-house to the tiller, by a
metallic casing, containing a pi oper non-conductor of heat,
ui sufficient thicluiess, in the opinion of the inspector, to
prevent the combustion of said rope long enough for all
practicable pmposes on said boats; and if any master or
owner shall violate the provisions ol this scction, theysljall
pay foi each trip the hum of $300 ; one half for the use of
the iufnimer, the other half for the use of the United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the object of that amend-
ment, it will be perceived, is to substitute for the
chain which is now required by law to be used
upon our western boats the material referred to
in the amendment. The chain is really very little
used, from the fact that it is very unflexible, and
so inconvenient in the management of the boat
that it is almost impossible to get the owners or
masters of boats to use it. The object of my
amendment is to allow them to use this device as
a substitute. It consists of a pipe of uninflam-
mable substance, through which the rope passes
winch works the tiller. It is convenient for use,
and is proof against fire. This casing' is adjusted
to the boat. The rope works with great facility.
With it the boat is steered with more ease than
without it. The object of this amendment is not
to compel owners and masters of steamboats to
use this invention, unless they prefer to do so.
If the owners and masters believe it to be equally
as safe, and that it works with more case and less
expense, then it is provided that they may adopt
it. tf not, then they can continue to use the chain.
The object of the amendment is to permit them
to use the invention in case they believe that it is
equally as safe and cheaper tlmn the mode now
in use. .
To show that it has been put already in use,
and that it has worked well, I will read a cer-
tificate of boat-builders and pilots of our western
rivers. It is used upon the steamer Baltic, one
of the best steamers plying upon the Ohio river,
I ask the Clerk to read the paper I send up.
