2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
The Clerk read, as follows:
" We, the undersigned, pilots on the western and southern
waters, knowing th<? areat respoiibibihty devolved on us. lor
the preservation of life and property on steamboats, take
pleasure in recommending all good and uselul improve-
ments for the piotecuon oi life and property. VV. Y. Gill's
fire proof pipe? lor the protection of tiller ropes, in UbC on
the steamer liakir, has pioved itself, by practical u->e and
service for the last twelve months on said steamboat, to be
all that is desired tor the said purpose. The first and jjreat
advantage is that it protects the ropes incase of fire, giving
the pilot ample tune to land the boat. It protects the ropes
that aie exposed from other casualties, as the ropes are al-
\va\s liable to be damaged by exposure, and often causing
Joss of life and property. The rope works with more ea^o
to the pilot; therefore it enables hun to steer the boat with
more safety to the lives ot passengers. The use of chains
and iron rods for steering, and the extra steering apparatus,
now an existing law, has become obsolete on the western
waters; for pilots cannot use them with safety, owing to
the great powei required to use them on the western rivers.
" We believe the above statement to bo tine, and that all
steamboats ought to use and adopt VV". Y, Gill's impiove-
inent for the piotecuon of lite and pioperty.
"Given under our hands."
Mr. PEYTON. 1 now ask that the Clerk will
read an additional certificate.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Louisville, Klniucky, Ocfo&er IS,' 1858.
This is to ceitify that wc, the undersigned, have exam-
ined Mr. VV. Y. Gill's fire-proot pipe toi the piotecuon of
the tillei-ropes of sieam vessel*, as he now has it in work-
ing order on the steamboat Baltic, to be a good invention ;
and, if adopted, will be the means of saving life and piop-
erty. The rope is incased in a ine-proof pipe, from near
the pilot's feet back to the tiller, with all conveniences to
get at the rope to jepair it. when necc-wiry, pre^ci vmg it
from dampne-s and noin being injured by vermin or other
casualties, and the ropes work with more case to the pilot.
We take pleasuiu in recommending u to ail steamboat men.
TIlOiMA S 1I1JM' P11 RbW,
WILLIAM JONES,
(\ W1BB,
PUT Lit TLTTON,
Boai-huildets at New Jllbany, Indiana.
Mr. PEYTON. I desire the House to under-
stand that my amendment will not compel steam-
boat owners to vise this invention, unless its use
meets with the sanction and approval of the super-
vising inspectors. If they believe that it is equally
safe, that the vessel is worked with more ease,
and that the expense is less, thon it is piovided
that it shall be put in use. I see no reason why
wc should not allow them to use this invention.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have only
a word to say. My friend fiom Kentucky has a
constituent who has made an invention—a Mr.
Gill, for whom 1 have great regard. He is a very
clever man. A groat many men who make in-
ventions think that their inventions are the great-
est ever made. Mr. (Jill, 1 must believe, thinks
so in regard to his tiller rope.
Now, sir, 1 ha\o taken a great deal of pains to
impute whether or not this invention was a prac-
tical one. 1 wrote to Captain Shallcross, a gen-
tleman from the Slate of Kentucky, one of the
supervising inspectors, and I have lee.eived a re-
ply from hmi. In that letter he states his oppo-
sition to this invention. 1 think that the inspect-
ors can adopt it now if thoy see fit. At all events,
it is a patent right, for I understand that Mr.
Gill has obtained a patent for his invention; and
I am opposed to having- any patent right m this
lull. Pmate interests weic strong enough to
have a patent right provided for m the last hill.
I am opposed to putting anything of the kind m
this hill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope that the ^ntlc-
irmn from Illinois will send up to the Clerk's
desk, to be r< ad, Captain Shalleross's letter.
Air. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I w is just
about to do it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Locipvn.i.i:, Kxx ruckv? March 8, 1S60.
DiiA.it Sir • I have the hoiioi to acknowledge the leecipt
of \our letter ot the 5th instant, in relation to.Mr. Gill's
patent ca-nig to piotcct tiller-ropes on steamboats.
This invention ha^ been sn u*e on the -tcainer Baltic for
npwaids of a yeai: and from ail the information i can get,
it unsweis a good puiposo, ami it the pilot \\ eie not driven
fiom the wheel by file, would protect the tillei-iope.mving
-«nlheient time to land the si<\unei. Hut, --ir, if in my de-
cided opinion that no patented nMiuinent (or rather, no
bpccified instrument) should be embodied m the steam-
boat law as required only to be iw;d. It would certainly
be a bamer to all improvement in the particular lusti anient
or device that may be so invented, and would also be the
means of enabling the patentee to fix his own pi ice foi iu
U'-e. Jf it should meet the views of the committee, that
wheie hemp or other combustible material was used for
tiller-ropes on steamers carrying passengers, the same
should be tufficiently protected Irom the, as to enable the
pilot to batcly land the steamer; this would allow any
invention or device to be used that would be best adapted
to the purpose, and !eav« the matter open for'a fair and
just competition. I think an amendmeat to the law, em-
bracing this, would be advantageous. *
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN S1JALL.CR0SS,
Supervising Inspector sixth district.
Hon. E. B. Wasubcrne,
Chairman Commdtceon Commerce, Washington, D. C.
Mr. PEYTON*. I am fully aware that Cap-
tain Shallcross has not been much in favor of
this invention. In his letter, just read, he does
not say much against it. He admits that it can
be used with safety, and that it is a good inven-
tion.
Now, sir, we do not ask anything because this
patent has been taken out by Mi. Gill. All we
ask is, that if the board of supervising inspect-
ors—and Captain Shallcross is one of them—be-
lieve that this invention can be used with cheap-
ness and safety, then the masters and owners of
steamboats shall be permitted to use it. That is
all we ask. The law requires that they shall use
the chain. They do not use the chain, because
tliey cannot steer these boats with it without an
additional pilot, and it is too expensive for them
to have that additional pilot. The chain has be-
come obsolete. The men who have signed the
papeis which have been read to the House have
had as much experience as Captain Shallcross,
and they say that the invention is a good one.
They are boat-builders and pilots. They ask
that the owners and masters of boats may be per-
mitted the use of this invention. It is not oblig-
atory for them, under the amendment, to use it.
Mr. MALLOUY* I know, Air. [Speaker, that
many of the steamboat-men, steamboat-builders,
and others interested in steamboats in the West,
regard the matter brought to the attention of the
House by my colleague as one of great import-
ance. Iknowthatthegcntleraannamed bymycol-
league—Mr. GUI—claims, and pethaps justly, to
have discovered a means by which the tiller-ropes
of steamboats navigating the western waters are
perfectly protected against lire; and I say to the
Mouse, as has been said by my colleague, that
lusdesiru, in the amendment which he has offered,
is not to substitute this particular kind of tiller-
rope for the chain lequired by the present law,
and by the law proposed by tbe gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne;] bat it submits to the
discretion of themspoctors ofsteamboats through-
out the West to use this invention or the iron
chain, as they may deem best I cannot, for my
life, imagine what objection the gentleman from
Illinois can have to this amendment, or what ob-
jection the House can have to it.
The steamboat inspectors throughout the Uni-
ted States are selected because of their familiarity
with this whole subject. I know that Captain
Shallcross, of Louisville, whose letter has been
lead, was selected for that reason; and the pre-
sumption that the House ought to act upon is,
that these gentlemen, posses-sing all this knowl-
edge, are competent to judge whether the owners
of steamboats should be permitted to use the one
or the other means of preserving steamboats, and
the lives of those who travel upon steamboats,
fiom the ravages of fire. It the gentleman from
Kentucky were to ofler an amendment making it
the imperative duty of inspectors in the United
States to use this invention in lieu of the chain, I
would oppose it; but by his amendment I think
that nothing but a wholesome and salutary dis-
cretion is allowed to these supervising inspectors.
And I must be permitted to say that I am some-
what surprised that the gentleman from Illinois,
who has managed this subject with so much skill,
who has investigated it so carefully, and who
seems to be animated by a desire to preserve the
lives of passengers and others upon steamboats
navigating the western waters, as well as to have
the whole matter managed economically and prop-
el ly, should object to the amendment of my col-
league. I hope that the amendment will pass.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T object to
having any potent-nght in this bill whatever. I
contend that the supervising inspectors now, with-
out any provision in this bill, can adopt this in-
vention if they please. The board of supervisors
had this matter before them at their meeting in
Buffalo, and they agreed that it was perfectly im-
practicable.
Mr. PEYTON". Let me correct the gentleman.
They had it under consideration, and decided that j
it was a good invention; but that, inasmuch as it j
had not been tested, they would, on that ground i
alone, refuse to recommend it. Since that, how-
ever, it has been tested.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have con-
sulted with other supervising inspectors. I had
a letter from one of them, besides the letter from
Captain Shallcross, which was still stronger m
its terms. The board of supervisors are opposed
to it.
Mr. MALLORY. If they are opposed to it,
then, if the matter be left to them, they will not
recommend its use.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
all further debate on the amendment be closed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. '
The House was divided on the amendment; and
there were—ayes forty.
Air. PEYTON. I insist on a further count.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is not
half a quorum present. I must insist upon a
division of the House. I demand tellers on my
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the stateof theUnion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is
dividing; and that motion is not now in order.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. WashburnE
of Illinois, and Peytom were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 49, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out the first section of the bill; and being
taken, it was disagreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to recommit this
bill to the Committee on Commerce; and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the further
consideration of this special order be postponed
until to-morrow morning, in order that the House
may now proceed to the consideration of the Post
Officedeficiency bill m the Committeeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentle man from Georgia will not press his mo-
tion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If I had not, at the time,
had my attention called away, I should have
called the yeas and nays on the motion to strike
out the first section of the bill.
Air. BURNETT. I desire to say to my friend
from Georgia, that when this bill was up before,
and when it was postponed, it was with the dis-
tinct understanding that it should be considered
section by section and disposed of in the House.
It has been here, I believe, now, for three Con-
gresses. It is a measure, in my judgment, of the
highest importance to the country. It is one that
demands legislation as much as any other that we
can have before us. I do hope, therefore, that
the motion to recommit will be withdrawn, and
that we will have this matter disposed of.
Air. SHERMAN. I desire to say a word. If
a matured bill be submitted from the Committee
on Commerce, I am willing to go for it. I am pre-
pared to vote for this bill as it now stands; but,
as we have gone on this morning, I do not believe
that the bill will be perfected in seven weeks.
We have as yet disposed of only one section of it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And I now enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which that motion was
agreed to.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
the section which has been adopted meets with
the concurrence of a larjje majority of the House.
There will not be much debate and amendment of
the other sections.
Air. BARR. I give notice that I have amend-
ments to offer, and that I propose to discuss
them.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the sub-
ject be postponed until to-morrow, or to another
day, I intend to introduce a substitute covering
the amendments that the House has already
adopted, and such other amendments as gentle-
men may submit and the House shall choose to
adopt. Then, I will ask to amend the bill which
is now pending by offering a substitute, as I have
stated; and the House can have a square vote
upon it without any more discussion. Is there
any objection to that?
Air. CRAWFORD. I object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN obtained the floor.
