3076,
THE COJSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 16,
his deputy, are required to canvass the count,
and sum up the votes as soon as the polis close,
and on the evening of the day that the election
•has been held; and the sheriff of toe county is
required by law, within two days after the elec-
tion, to seal up and deposit the votes of every
voting precinct with the clerk of the county. The
law then requires that immediately thereafter, the
presiding judge of the county, the county cleik,
and the snenlF of the county, shall canvass the
votes, sum them up, ascertain the result, and make
out three certificates—one of which is to be trans-
mitted immediately, by mail, to the secretory ot
State at Frankfort; another to be- filed in the office
of the clerk of the county; and the third to be sent,
by such private conveyance as the clerk may se-
lect, to the secretary o't State at 1( rankfoi t, ii ee of
expense.
So far as the committee has boon able to ascer-
tain, from a close investigation of tiie case, these
requirements of the law were substantially com-
plied with by the different county boaids of the
eleven counties composing this congiossional dis-
trict. The election having taken place on the 1st
day of August, it became the duty of the county
boards of the different counties to canvass the
result of. the vote in each voting precinct so de-
posited in the clerk's office by the sheriff on the
4th day of August, the third day after the elec-
tion. This was done in all the counties. Sonic
days afterwards, m going over the votes of the
different voting precincts in the county ol Doyle,
it was discovered that a mistake ol lour votes had
been made to the picjudice of the .sitting mem-
ber. The board of county can \ asset si eassembled,
and, after making a recount, made out and ior-
warded to the secretary oi the Commonwealth,
at Frankfort,a supplementary oi collected repoit
of the vote of the county of Boyle. So also in the
county of Adair, it was discoveied that a mistake
of one vote had been made, also to the prejudice
of the sitting member; and the county board re-
assembled, recounted the vote, and foi warded a
supplementary certificate to the proper oHicei at
Frankfort. I tis alleged that on tin- 12th ol August,
in looking over the poll-lists of the v oting pieemcts
of the county of Cumbeiland,a mistake oi ten
votes was discovered to the ptejudice of tbe con-
testant. On the 13th of August, two of the mem-
bers of the county board of Cumberland county
assembled, proceeded to recount tin- votes, and
made out an additional or conected certificate,
which they also transmitted to the pioper officer
at Frankfort.
The State board—which is composed of the
Governor of the State, the attorney general, and
the secretaiy of State, when they met together
for the purpose uf summing up the votes of the
different counties m each congressional distiictof
the State—had these facts called to their attention;
and these amended certificates were laid before
them for their consideration. After due deliber-
ation , a full consideration of the statutes prescub-
lng their duties and powers, the board determined,
in their wisdom and in their judgment, that they
had no right to receive these supplementary oi
3 amended returns from the count y boards. For this
| they have given their reasons at length, signed by
them m then* official capacity. It was the unan-
imous judgment of the Governor^attorney gen-
eral, and secretary of State, all ot whom, 1 un-
deistand, are lawyets of distinction and of high
standing m the State; and theiropmion on the con-
struction of the statutes of Kentucky is, 1 appre-
hend, entitled to weight not only there but m this
House. They investigated the question as to
whethcrthey had the right to iecei\e and consider
the amended n't urns sent from these three counties;
and th«'v< oncluded, on due deliberation,that they
had no'i'ight to receive or consider them. They
based their opinion mainly on tins ground: that by
thelawsof the State of Kentucky not onlythe man-
ner, but the time, was prescribed within which
the county canvassers should count and sum up
the votes that had been cast. That is to say, that
two days after the election had been held, and alter
the poll-hooks had been sent m from tin; voting
preempts to the office of the county cleik, it be-
came then duty to meet and canvass and asoei-
tuin how the votes stood between the contending
-parties; and that after they had performed this
duty their powers and office ceased; that they had
no right, having once discharged or attempted to
dischaige their duty, to meet again for the pur-
pose of correcting a mistake, or for any other pur-
pose m that capacity, inasmuch as they had no
longer a legal existence.
In that opinion, Mr. Speaker, the majority of
the Committee of Elections, who present then-
report to the House, have concurred. They be-
lieve that the board of State canvassers put a
proper and legal and just construction on the law,
and that the reasons which they gave for it, and
which are incorporated in the report, are such as
must carry conviction to the mind of every gen-
tleman who reads them.
But, Mr. Speaker, while your committee so
believed, they did not believe that this House, in
a contested-election case, should be precluded, by
the action of the board of canvassers, either State
or county, through its regularly constituted agents,
from giving it. a thorough investigation and cor-
rection of°all mistakes and all frauds alleged to
have occuned on one side or on the other. The
object of the contest is, that the truth may be
ascertained and justice done; if wrong has been
done to any one, that the injuied party may be
righted; if mistakes have occurred, that they may
be corrected; if frauds have been committed, that
they may be rebuked.
A notice of the contest was given by Mr. Chris-
man to the sitting membei. The notice is vo-
luminous, and contains a large number of specifi-
cations. A response was filed by Mr. Anderson,
in accordance with law, denying the allegations
set forth, and giving notice that he would insist
that there had been errors committed m the poll of
the contestant, which should be conected, and
which would show that his majority, instead of
being three, would be largely increased. "\our
committee, taking the viewoi the case above stated,
deemed it their duty to enter on the investigation
of these alleged mistakes—not fiauds, because
there was no allegation of fraud, either on one
side or the other. They also caiefulty examined
the polls iff ceitain- precincts in winch the pro-
ceedings were alleged to have been n regular and
not in aceoidance with the requirements of jhe
statutes. In the correction of mistakes, they iirst
directed their attention to the poll-hooks of the
county of Cumberland, where, it was said,a mis-
take against Mr. Chrisman of 14 votes had oc-
curred. Upou an inspection of the returns, they
were satisfied that the mistake was apparent; that
it was to the prejudice of the contestant. The cor-
rection was made, and Mr. ChiiMnan had the
benefit of the collection, in oilier would, they
added to Mr. ChusnianV poll the 11 votes not
counted for him in the county of Cumberland
So, too, as to the alleged mistakes m (he coun-
ties of Boyle and Adair. l>y an inspection of the
poll-books, it appeals that the errors m summing
up, which have heretofore been stated, did actu-
ally occur. Therefore they gave to Mi. Anderson
the benefit of the correction, adding live \otes to
his poll. Had no othererrors occuned, touching
the election in this congressional distiict, Mr.
Chrisman would undoubtedly have been entitled
to the seat claimed by him. iiut both parties
having charged m their notice and response that
very many other mistakes had occuned through-
out the district; and much evidence having been
offered by each party, with our understanding of
our duty, we examined with a view to make all
proper corrections of all the alleged errors which
either party churned to have been made to his
prepidice.
AVe found that a number of clerical eriors oc-
curred m recoiding the votes. To illustrate what
I mean, let me state that the voting in Kentucky
is riyet voce; each voter as he comes to the poll
declares the candidate for whom he votes; the
sheriff' cries the name ot the voter and of the can-
didate voted Jor, and the clerk makes a record
of the vote. Mistakes occuned in this way: a
vote would be cried lor Anderson and the clerk
would record them for Chrisman and vice versa;
and, m some instances, in the excitement and
hurry of the moment, the same \ ote was recoi ded
as having voted for both Anderson and Chrisman.
The committee have examined all these cases of
alleged mistakes with great care, having lookid
into the evidence adduced for the purpose of show-
ingthat these mistakes occurred,and have endeav-
oied to make the corrections square with the tes-
timony. They found on Mr. Anderson's poll
mistakes of 25 votes, and on Mr. Chrisman'a poll
mistakes of 21 votes, of which they give them the
benefit. These were mostly clerical errors. By
giving both parties the benefit of the errors which
occurred in the counties of Cumberland, Ijoyle,
and Adair, and conecting the clerical en ors, A n-
derson's majority is increased from three votes to
seven.
There is another point in this case to which the
attention of the committee was called by both
parties, as well by the contestant as by the sitting
member, it is contended that the polls of certain
voting precincts should be rejected on account of
irregularities which occurred in some instances,
because the returns were not properly certified;
and in others because the judges or clerks vveie
not piopeily sworn, in accordance with the re-
quirements of the statute of Kentucky. We havo
investigated all those cases, and although there
are megularities appearing on the face of many
of the returns, there is only one precinct which
the committee have felt justified in rejecting, and
that is the poll at Casey creek precinct in Casey
county,where the vote stood, Anderson 49, Chris-
man 95.
1 will state the reasons for which that poll is
rejected; and J think it will be apparent to eveiy
gentleman who hears the statement thatwfc could
have come* to no other conclusion. As 1 havo
! already stated, by the laws of Kentucky the olec-
! tion board consists of two judges and a cleik,
| appointed by the county court, and the sheriff,
whose duty it is not only to icceive the votes, but
to certify and return them to the county boaid.
In this case there is no eei uficate of either the
i judges, the cleik, or the shenff, vouching loi the
I corieetuess of the return, it comes here as a mere
1 loose piece of papei, containing a number of
! names and marks, but no officer known to the
J law certifies that this is a copy of the poll-book,
oi a copy of the votes cast at the election held in
the Casey ci ecK precinct. The only^thing attached
to it is the woids, ''George W. Earles, clerk."
There is not hing, however, to show that the cleric
sent il up as a copy of the poll-book. If there
had been a ceitificate .signed by the clerk alone,
without the signatures ot the judges or sheriff,
certifying, in his official capacity as cleik at that
voting precinct, that this was a iccord of the votes
cast at that voting piecmct, the committee might
not, pcihaps, have felt justified in lejtcung ihe
poll, but it conus here without any authority at
ail, without anybody to vouch for it, wuhoutany
maik to show 'that 'it a copy of the poll-book
lefjuncd by law io be kept and returned over the
oihcial signature ol the letuming officers, whose
duty it is to make their letum by certificate. In
eveiy other case which has been brought to the
attention of the committee theiehas been a certi-
fied return of the poll-books, certified to by the
proper and legal otliceis. This having no such
certificate, and nothing b\ which it could be dc-
teumned whether it was a genuine and auihentic
paper or not, they felt called upon, as a matter oi
duty, to reject that whole poll. But 1 may be per-
mitted to say that, even If that poll had not been
rejected, it would make no diffeience m the result
ot the case, except that it would reduce somewhat
the majority of the sitting member.
But there is another branch of this case, and it
is the last one to which 1 shall call the attention
of the House. These pautes each challenged in-
dividual voters, by name, to a \eiy considerable
extent, each insisting that those "votes should be
deducted Aom the poll of his adversary. The
contestant has challenged by name 113 voters, and
l! the sitting member ^11. Testimony has been
; taken m reference to very many of these ehal-
!, lenged voters; but not to all. The testimony is
r very voluminous, as the House will see when I
exhibit to them tins book, which is one of the
!' two volumes of evidence taken in the case. A
time beyond that allowed by law was consumed
i! by the parties in taking testimony; and it sseems
f to me that no two gentlemen evei woiked more
M untiringly than did the sitting member and the
b contestant, for until the meeting of Congiess, I
•; believe, they gave it then* personal attention,and
I i examined and cross-examined the witnesses theni-
p selves in every instance. The committee has been
lj obliged to look into all those challenged votes
II about which evidence has been offered. \Vehave
ii examined them carefully, and find that ot the two
