1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi
hundred and odd votes challenged by the sitting
member and cast for the contestant, 81 of the
challenges have been sustained by conclusive
proof—proof upon which, 1 apprehend, no honest
jury could hesitate for a single moment to say
that the votes cast were illegal, and should be
deducted from the poll.
Of the 213 votes challenged by the sitting mem-
ber, the proofs show that the challenge is sus-
tained in 81 cases, and they are deducted Irom the
poll of the contestant; and of 111 votes challenged
by tine contestant, 525 have been sustained by |
proof. They are illegal votes, and we have ac- j
cordially deducted tlicm irom the poll of the sit- j
ting member. j
'i'he result of our investigation has been, that ;
after correcting elerie.nl errors-, after striking out ;
the poll at Casey creek precinct, and deducting j
illegal voi«s, we find that Anderson's majority, |
instead of being 3, as returned by the State can- j
vassers, is, upon a fair count, upon a full in- J
soection of the polls and a correction of all errors, I
109; and that he is therefore entitled to the sent !
which he now holds as a Representative in the ]
present Congress from the fourth congressional j
district of the State of Kentucky. ;
Mr. CJIRISMAN, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker, 1
I am aware that I stand m the midst of the Rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States,
and am permuted to speak by their courtesy, i
shall endeavor to so demean myself in this dis-
cussion as not to abuse that courtesy.
1 am here in the name ot a majority of the voters
of the fourth congressional district of Kentucky,
claiming to be their legal and duly chosen Rep-
resentative to this the Thirty-Sixth Congress. I
am here to witness a triumph of the people by
being admitted to a seat upon this lloor, or to see
then- recorded will as expressed at the polls over-
ridden, and the Constitution, which declares they
shall choose their own Representative, disre-
garded.
Notwithstanding I received a majority of all
the votes cast at the election, the sitting member
obtained from the State board ot examiners a cer-
tificate of election, which he parades before this
House as conclusive evidence of his right to retain
tlie seat, and buasts because, as he alleges, attached
to it is ihe brood seal ot' the State ot Kentucky.
1 will say to the gentleman, that it the bo-ird of
Slate examiners have appended to his certificate
of election the bioad seal ot the great State of
Kentucky, it is an act extra-olficial on their part,
there being no law of the State requiring or au-
thoiizmg them to do so; and 1 will say to him
fuither, that Kentucky is not m the habit of so
piostitutmg her great seal as to permit its afiixion
to bogus certificates of election.
Mr". Speaker, the various counties of Kentucky
uic by law laid oif into convenient voting pre-
cincts, which law provides that each county court
shall appoint two justices of the peace, or one
justice and one other suitable person, as judges,
and a clerk of the election, for each precinct, who,
together with the shenlf or his deputy, who is
cx o'jicio a member of said board, shall constitute
a boaid to superintend the election, determine
upon the legahiy ot all Uie votes ottered, and sec
they are propeily recoided with the voter's name
on Lhe poil-bouk kepi fur that puipose; attend to
the proper summation ot the votes; certify the
poll-book over their signatures, and deliver the
same, inclosed m ail envelope,sealed by them be-
fore they separate, to the sheniV, whose duty it
is within two days next after the election to de-
posit the same with the clerk of the county court.
The next day the piesidmg judge ot the^county
court, the cleik thereof, and the sherill oi the
county, who constitute a board for examining the
poll-books of each county, are to meet m the
clerk's oifice, compare the polls, ascertain the cor-
rectness of the summation of votes, and, m the
case of the election of a member to Congress,
make out three certificates in wrinng, over their
own signatures, of the number of votes given in
the county for each of the candidates; one of which
is to be letamed m the clerk's office, another the
clerk is to send by mail to the secretary of State,
at Frankfort, and the other he is to transmit to
him by any private conveyance the cieik may
so lee', free of cost.
The (jJovrinoi, attorney general, and secretary
of Suite, is a bvaid to examine the returns of elec-
tion. U is the duty of this board, when the re-
turns arc all in, or on the fourth Monday after
the election, whether they are in or not, to make
out, in the secretary's office, from the returns
made, duplicate certificates in writing of the elec-
tion of those having the highest number of votes;
one of which is to be retained in the office, another
sent by mail to the person elected, and the other
sent by mail to the Clerk of the House of Repre-
resentatives at the seat of the Federal Govern-
ment.
The election was held on the lstday of August,
1859, in the fourth congressional district for the
State of Kentucky. William C. Anderson and
myself were the only candidates. The congres-
sional district embraces the counties of Adair,
Boyle,Casey,Clinton, Cumberland,Greene, Lin-
coln,Pulaski,Russell,Taylor,and Wayne. From
the returns first made to the State boatd, the fol-
lowing would have appeared to be the aggregate
lesult: total vote for Anderson, 7,204 ; total vote
for Chrisman, 7,201. Thus giving to the sitting
membei a majouty of thieo votes.
It is pioper to state that, prior to the above re-
sult being known by the silting member, on Fri-
! day evening, the 5th day ot August, as testified
by E. L. Van Winkle, he went to Danville, Ken-
: tucky, his place of residence, from the town of
: Lebanon, where he had obtained the latest tn-
| formation from the lower and most distant coun-
■ ties of the district, and informed the citizens
i thereof thathehadobtamed the information which,
j ikjrue, would elect Chrisman (myself) by one or
! two votes. This witness also states that he had
a conversation that evening with the sitting mem-
ber m reference to the result of the election, then
the constant theme of conversation; and that he
invited witness to go with him to his own private
1 residence, ana assist him in looking over tiie Boyle
] poll-book, which he did. Upon their aruval
! theie, they went up staus, lighted a candle, got
i John Co wen (the biotlier-in-law of the gentleman
1 holding the seji) out ot bed. the poll-books being
1 piodueed by Mr. Andeison, and commenced the
. examination.
! Witness states that the thought struck him
■ when the candle was lighted, and this hook was
1 opened, how easy it would be to mutilate the ]
j poll-book, anu looking around to see it lucre was
; any writing material aoout,as he had an imprcs-
| sion that it mistakes were discovered it would be
i! charged to have been done by liaud, he saw ail
inkstand on the table before them, but does not
recollect or know whether there was ink in it or
not. Witness further states, that they commenced
the examination of the Peiry ville poll-book, and
were confined to the same to see if the additions
of said poll-book were correct, and being some-
what worried by the examination, following m
the footsteps of his illustrious namesake, old Rip
Van Winkle, he laid down on the bed and tmear-
pectedly foil asleep. [Lauguter.] W hen he awoke,
having somewhat a shorter nap than old Rip,
[renewed laughter,] the sitting member and his
biothei-m law had completed the examination,
and he asked them if they discovered any mis-
takes; they replied they had not, so far as tue
additions were concerned. All who were con-
cerned in this examination were then, as they are
now, the political and warm personal friends of
the sitting member.
James F. Zimmerman, another witness, also a
political friend of the sitting member, and the
cleik of Jioylc county, by virtue oi wmeh a cus-
todian of the poll-books, states that, on rnday
evening after the late August election, Mi. An-
derson borrowed the poii-books from hnn, and
returned them on Sjtuiday morning, on the even-
ing of which day he boriowed them ajiam, and
lLiurned them on Sunday e\eiung. Fie hIm) suites
that, on Satin day and Sunday, the days when
Mi. Andci son had the poll-books out ot the ohice,
theie were conflicting reports as to who was elect-
ed, all the returns not having been received in
such form as to give them rehabiuty. borne re-
ports elected Chrisman, some elected Anderson,
; and another tied them.
! Samuel P. Barber states that he was present at
i the examination of the poll-books of Boyie county
on Sunday atur th; —   '
! oilice. Geon.
election, in J. F. Bell s la
: W. Donegh}', John Cowen, A. II.
Sneed, W. C. Anderson, and himself, were the
only persons present, all oi' whom were warniand
active partisans and friends ot Anderson. The
mistake of four votes to the prejudice of Air. An-
derson was that day discovered, as witness states,
in (his way:
"The poll-books were put down in front of A.IJ. Sneed.
John Cowen stood 011 the right, and witness on tlio left.
Sitting member was about the width of the table off, anil
did not toiu.h them. I'm a more perfect count, tliev passed
a paper down the poll-book, counted each vote„and de-
tected the mistake. At the time ot'said examination, and
the discovery of said mistake,the resuttof the election .was,
doubtful, and both sided claimed it."
From this testimony, the House w?ll see that
the sitting member had possession of the poll-
books of his own county three days and nights.
He removed them from their properplace of rest,
the clerk's office, that the politically dead aright
live, and the lost be found. He had them pre-
cisely the length of time the whale had Jonah in
durance vile. [Laughter.] In justification 01 the
good people of Danville, I must say they are
church-going, law-and-order people,,who view
Sabbath-breaking with as much'abhorrence as
any people of my acquaintance. Their Christian
piety will no doubt revolt, when they learn ot it,
at the perversion of the object of Grod's holy dc-.y
to the examination of poll-books.
As soon as this error to the gentleman's preju-
dice was developed to his anxious and inquiring
mind,he who now occupies a seat upon erroneous
certificates from counties, and in contempt of
amended and correct ones, summoned the county -
board of Boyle, had an amended certificate sent
to the State board, in lieu of the erroneous one
previously transmitted, with a dispatch creditable
to his enterprise. The inconsistency of the gen-
tleman 's record on this question of amended cer-
tificates may he excused when the House learns
that, at the time of his lead in their behalf, he
supposed he would be defeated upon the originals;
and I10 was not aware of the necessity for one of
his favorites in Cumberland county which would
accrue to my advantage, and eicct mo and defeat
him.
Zimmerman's testimony, to which I have al-
ready alluded, and the amended certificate itself,
which will be found in evidence, establishes what
1 have stated on this point, and commits the gen-
tleman to the doctrine of amended certificates.
. The sitting member did not confine his search
for error, upon which to get up amended certifi-
cates, to his own county. A mistake ot one vote
to his prejudice, discovered in Adair county, when
his anxiety to rest in a seat on this floor was
somewhat perplexed by the consciousness of de-
feat, was made the basis of a like procedure there,
which resulted in the transmission of an amended
certificate from that county to the State board.
With these amended certificates, the gentleman
felt secure of an election, and went to Louisville
to receive the congratulations of his friends. The
papers, in the mean time, had developed his elec-
tion by three votes, without those amended cer-
tificates gotten up by him in his favor. Enjoy-
ing himself at Louisville upon the reflection of
his success, the sad intelligence reached him on
Saturday night, the 13th of August-—broken to
him privately by his friends in such a way as to
unnerve hnn as hltle as possible with the shock-
ing intelligence—that a mistake of fourteen votes
to my prejudice had been discovered in the
county of Cumberland, which would elect me.
The Governor was at Louisville with him. They
broke installter for the .State capital at Frankfurt.
Then v."; s the moment that the gentleman's cou-
\ lotions underwent a change on the qu< stion of
amended certificates. Without them he was
elected; with them be was not. As I said, they
went to Frankfort, got the State board together,
and commenced the count before the correction
could reach from Cumberland, and attempted to
express a ceitificate through of his election,
winch was, quiet as their movements weie kept,
pi evented by the sagacity of my friends, who,
learning what was going on, produced before the
beard the evidences of the error in Cumberland,
the correction of which would reach there in a
few days, and, by their indignant opposition to
the hasty manner"111 which it was being attempted
to secure a seat here for the gentleman, succeeded
in postponing the decision of the board until the
amended certificate from Cumberland came.
The error 111 the county of Cumberland was
discovered 011 the 12th of August. It was an er-
ror of computation, to my prejudice, of fourteen
votes. The error as to ten of those votes is so
plain as but to require an exhibit of that part of
