1859.
THE CONCESSIONAL (JLOBE.
flesh? No, sir;ifthedisgorgcmentofthisill-gotten
treasure would strike the shackle from every slave
upon the continent; ay, sir, would even close
the gates of torment itself against the frenzied,
ranting, hypocriticalfanaticof the North,he woujd
take the chances of cheating the devil out of his
rights, and the slave might wear his chain for-
ever.
But, sir, is this all? "Was slavery, by your
fathers, who, with ours, fought the battles of the
Revolution, deemed a blighting, withering curse—
a sin before heaven and earth? And to hold a slave,
then, was that sufficient cause to exclude a Chris-
tian master from the sacranicnt of the Lord 's table
in a northern church? No, sir. Northern senti-
ment then upon that subject,, in the hearts of those
who fought the battles of the Revolution, was
notwhatnorthcrnsenumentis now. Itwas your
fathers, not mine, who stood up in the national
convention that framed the Constitution, and de-
manded that a clause be inserted in that instru-
ment, denying to Congress the power to restrict
the slave trade then existing between the colonies
and foreign States before the year 1808. This
clause was inserted, and so anxious were they
upon the subject, that they insisted that another
clause should.be placed in the Constitution, declar-
ing that Congress, the States, or the whole people
of all the States, might, in the manner provided,
alter or amend any other clausc m the Constitu-
tion, at any time, except the clause keeping open
the slave trade until the year 1808. But, sir, this
clause was to be sacred, binding, and unalterable.
Unlike every other clausc, it was placed above
the power of the people, of Congress, and all the
States. And why, sir? Because it gave to the
slave merchants of Massachusetts and other north-
ern States, a monopoly in the ne ro traffic. Out
of this traffic they made millions of dollars. They
invaded the coast of Africa, flooded the South
with slaves to the very last hour of this constitu-
tional limitation, and then, when they could no
longer import and sell, turned philanthropists, in-
sisting that all men were born free and equal, and
that the slave owner, in that world to come, is
doomed to that awful place "where the worm
dieth not, and the fire is not quenched."
Whpn it was in their power to realize profit
by the" sale of slaves, as you sell a horse or dog,
the ring of the cash was dearer to the heart of
northern avarice, than the clank of the bond-
man's chain was stinging to the conscience.
When they could no longer import and sell, the
ghost of slavery rose up before them. In every
passing breeze wafted from the South, they could
hear the moan of the bondmen in chains—but
they kept the cash. This, sir, has been, I be-
lieve. one of the peculiar characteristics of the
northern conscience and fanaticism, both in reli-
gion and politics. Anything is right either in the
one or the other, that has the solid qualities at
the bottom. This trade, as I have stated, your
fathers kept up to the last hour allowed by the laws
of the country. Itwas to them a monopoly, and
out of the profits of this traffic th<*y iaul the foun-
dation of that magnificent wealth now centering in
the commercial emporiums of the northern Stntes,
and established that mighty commercial marine
that to-day encircles theglobeinits traffic. Now
they turn round, upbraid the South who has
given shelter and protection to the unfortunate
victims of northern avarice; and with hands up-
lifted in the very churches built by their fathers
out of the proceeds of slaves sold into the southern
States, invoke the vengeance of God (and I speak
it with reverence) upon the head of the slave-
holder, as one outlawed before heaven and earth.
You have deceived your deluded followers upon
this subject. Do you also expect to deceive God?
No, sir. That All-seeing eye will look into that
heart of deceit, and the rotten mask that now con-
ceals it will be torn away, and its selfishness and
corruption will stand revealed before all the uni-
verse. The northern fanatic is not the first hypo-
crite who ever prayed upon the house top.
I sincerely hope he may escape the doom of his
only prototype m that" Book of books;''but I do
say, that if there be a place in that burning lake,
where hissing serpents and fiery dragons torment
the damned, hotter and more terrible than all the
rest, it should be reserved for the hypocritical
fanatic who would scatter the seeds of section-
alism, rouse the passions of hate, array friend
eigainst friend and brother against brother, and
with the torch of the incendiary in one hand and
the dagger of the assassin in the other, fire the
Capitol of the Republic, and, amid its fallen col-
umns and crumbling ruins^trike with the other
the first blow that must lead ro its dismemberment
forever.
But, sir, I have digressed somewhat from the
main purpose of my remarks this evening. I am
not here to indulge in crimination or recrimina-
tion. The proud, manly,and loyal constituency
I have the honor to represent upon this floor
would feel degraded were I, as their Representa-
tive, to stoop to discuss the tenure by which we
hold our slave property. It is enough for you to
know that we hold it by a title which northern
fanaticism cannot destroy. In your madness you
may dissolve the Federal Union, overthrow the
Republic, and raze the very foundation-rock of
the Capitol where we now stand, still the slave of
the South will wear his chain. We are prepared
to meet you in this Hall as our peers, our broth-
ers, while you observe the Federal compact and
abstain from all interference with our domestic
rights. When you seek to violate these, we are
prepared and determined to meet you at the can-
non's mouth.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] the other day gave us the first lesson in a
maintenance of this Union by force, by numerical
power; not at the ballot-box, but at the point of
the bayonet. They have, he says, eighteen mil-
lion people in the free States, and that we have but
eight million in the slave States; that these eighteen
million can always cope with the eight million in
the South; that lie hasneverscen a northern man
yet scared about the dissolution of the Union; that
they are not to be deterred from their purpose of
unalterable hostility to slavery by any sueh threats,
and that they do not intend for any causes to suffer
a dissolution of the Union. I answer the gentle-
man by saying, that in all the history of the world
a brave and manly people have never submitted
to oppression and wrong because of the strength
and power of the assailant. This is the first time
in the history of this country we have learned that
this Union of the States is to be held together by-
force. I have always understood that patriotism,
swelling up from the great public heart, bound it
together as with hooks of steel. I tell the gentle-
man here, that his threats, and the threats of the
millions he undertakes to speak for, are no terrors
to the freemen of the South. I tell him, and his
minions of the same faith and creed, when they
shall have overrode the Constitution of the coun-
try, and seek to deliver over the South, bound
hand and foot, a bleeding victim at the^ere be-
hest of northern power, shorn of our just rights
under that Constitution, and to accomplish their
purpose shall seek an invasion of our territory,
there is not a son of my gallant old State who will
not meet him upon the beach, and grappling in the
death-struggle, if he fall, make his verv body a
bulwark between our sacrcd soil and her foes.
This threat, sir, passes us sy the idle wind; it can
intimidate no one.
If every feeling of fraternity hos died m the
North; if fanaticism is to rule your councils; if a
predatory war of theft and murder is to be kept
up on our borders; if we are m future to he as
we have been in times past, robbed annually of
$300,000 worth of our sla\e property tdong the
line of the border States; if we are ^till to be abused
and denounced by youi public press, and from
your pulpit; if we are to have no relisious fellow-
ship with you; if you arc to continue to send
emissaries in our midst as teachers and preachers,
who ask hospitality at our doors, and when we
sleep rise at the hour of midnight, enter the quar-
ters of our slaves, and with fire and sword arm
them for murder and rapine; if at all hazards and
regardless of all consequences you are determined
to press on this irrepressible conflict between the
northern and slave States—I warn you now, that
you will do it at the cost of the Union itself. We
have submitted to your wrongs for the sake of
peace.
We have been, and arc now, devotedly attached
to the Union of these States; and even now, when
smarting under the accumulated wrongs heaped
upon us by northern madmen, there is not a heart
in my district that would not bleed to hear the
knell of the Federal Union. It is the work of your
fathers and mine. It is the shibboleth of our power,
the castle of our strength. Tt has given us a name
and fame among the nations of the earth; The
Constitution that formed it we still revere*,' but if
you demand of us, as the price of the Union, that
we surrender our $2,000,000,000 worth of slave
property or submit to a predatory war upon our
borders, of plunder, arson, and murder then wi
say to you, the price will not be paid.' We are
for the Union with the Constitution. Without its,
sir, and fulfillment on your part of its obligations,
it is worthless to us.
For forty years, by virtue of common confed-
erated rights, you have come into our territory,
abducted our slaves', and robbed us of millions
upon millions worth of our property. Had any
foreign Power thus assailed us, would the manly
and brave arm of the son of the South not been
upraised in her defense ? Would her indignatiop
thus long have slumbered ? No, sir! If in the
contestan ocean of blood had been shed; if famine
and pcstilcncc had walked abroad in the land, and
every door post had been-draped in mourning for
the slain upon the battle-field, that arm would have
been upraised. Yet for the sake of the Union,
for the sake of fraternity, in memory of the past,
in hope for the future, we have submitted to these
wrongs. Do you desire the Union only as it may
avail you to invade our rights? Do you prefer a
continuation of your wrongs upon us to a main-
tenance of the Union? Take your choice of the
alternatives.
Sir, I have bet^i taught to reverence the Con-
stitution of my country, not as a mere thing bn
paper, hut as the life-giving, vital principle of the
Government itself. There is no power in the
mere paper upon which it is written. Its power
must spring from a common interest, a common
destiny, coexisting and fixed in the hearts of the
masses. Does any such power now exist in a
common sentiment between the North and the
South, religiously, socially, or politically? Who
have severed these. heart-strings of the Federal
Union? You have carried this question into some
of your northern churches, and to-day a slave-
holder from the South is denied communion in
those churches at the table of the Lord's supper.
Have the North and South a common political
sentiment, or social affinities? Sir, destroy the
Democratic party in the North, destroy the last
link that binds together the sections, and who can
judge of the consequences of that event?
I will not endeavor to lift the vail in advance.
Heaven forbid that I may live to see the day
when this mighty Union, this glorious country
of ours, now presenting to the world the proudest
monument of human liberty ever vouchsafed to
man, shall stand forth dismembered, shattered,
torn, and bleeding, the hiss of tyrants and the
wonder of fools.
And now, sir, when gentlemen from the North
hear the very heart-strings of the Union break,
one by one, do they expect to unite its broken
cords, and give life and health to the great body
politic, by elevating to that chair, only three de-
grees removed from the Presidency, a man who
indorsed and recommended an incendiary work,
written and published for the express purpose of
inciting rebellion and murder throughout the entire
southern States. The gentleman says he signed
and recommended the book without having read
it. Does this make his offense less5 Has he dis-
claimed, upon this floor, the doctrines contained
in that book? No, sir; upon this subject he has
maintained a defiant silence. He will not be in-
terrogated. He has no favors to ask of this side
of the House. That is his answer.
Had John "Brown and his clan been successful
in their attack upon the soil of Virginia, in incit-
ing slaves to rebellion; had he succeeded in placing
in their hands pikesond'Sharpe's rifles,and when
the morning dawned upon tno mother of States
and statesmen, on that fatal day the whole South
had been lit up in flames, and its very rivers
swollen with the blood of its citizens, charred,
butchered, and plundered while they slept, would
th#? gentleman from Ohio be permitted to stand
here to-day and say ho had not read the book
(Helper's book) when he signed and indorsed
it? Would such an answer be deemed satisfac-
tory ' Would it wake from the cold slumbers
of'deaththe ill-starred victims of his rashness?
That John Brown did not succeed, was it any
fault of his? Ho had the power of his influence
and name. No, sir; we want no more subter-
fuges upon this subject. We want nomoretrea-
