1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
■were not upon that roll; or, if upon it, not next in
order. You rose first and were recognized. But
the Chairman's promise was out, and the gentle-
man setdown in the programme claimed 41 specific
performance." You yielded, and he proceeded
amid great disorder, and very soon to empty
benches, to read aspeech, which, if spoken, would
have commanded, as it deserved, the closest at-
tention. They who had listened with interest,
so intense to the oral speech of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Court,] crowding these
seats in silence even beyond the allotted hour—
for you relaxed the rule by unanimous consent in
his favor—immediately, at the very sight of the
manuscript, fled from the Hall, and retired to their
boarding-houses. And when the committee rose
last night there were but five members present in
all this vast Chamber.
,1 appeal for a moment here, Mr. Chairman,
upon the point of the alleged abuse of unlimited
debate, to the experience of this House, not only
previous to the adoption of the hour rule, but dur-
ing the interregnum of eight weeks which occurred
at the commencement of this session. Was the
patience of the House everabused more than once,
at most? Sir, we had but two speeches of really
inordinate length—very able ones, indeed—within
that period; and one of them, at least, I am sure,
commanded the attention of the whole House, as
fully and intensely throughout as any speech
which has been delivered within this Capitol for
more than twenty years. The average length of
the speeches during those eight weeks of unre-
stricted debate—and I have made an estimate
fairly—did not exceed from half an hour to forty
minutes. Very many of them did not equal half
that limit. And yet we had no liour rule then;
but had it been in force, every member who ob-
tained the floor would have felt himself under an
imperious necessity of speaking full an hour, lest
he should be deemed to have " broken down."
And that, sir, is precisely the evil which afflicts
us now under its operation.
Yet another grievance growing outof this rule,
is thepersistentand offensive interruption to which
every member upon the floor is subjected. No one
can rise and address the House for a moment, but
some gentleman interposes, not upon a point of or-
der, notforpersonal explanation, but that themem-
ber who interrupts may propound an interroga-
tory to the member interrupted, and thus thrust
him into the witness-box to extract from him, by
a process of cross-examination, something not at
all relevant to the subject; or perhaps to interpo-
late a speech of his own. Sir, this happensxhere,
and it happens every day; because the rules of
politeness, which prevail in conversation and in
social intercourse, are forgotten in this House.
Nothing was once, and perhaps is still, deemed
"more rude than to interrupt a gentleman in con-
versation, at least in the midst of a sentence; yet
it is continually done here. And it is done be-
cause members are anxious to speak whether pre-
pared to speak or not; and the best opportunity
to "catch the Chairman's eye," is when there is
but one member upon the floor, and no one strug-
gling for it. Then it can be secured. Thus it is
that speeches by one member are thrust into the
speeches of another member, to go out with them.
It is done sometimes, perhaps, to divert the atten-
tion of a gentleman from the subject he is discus-
sing, or to extract from him some troublesome
answer relating to a personal matter or opinion,
it may be, wholly foreign to the business of legis-
lation. This is an evil grievous to be borne, and
I think it is the result very much of the hour rule
—certainly that is a part of the system of evils
which has grown up since the adoption of that
rule.
It may be that the solution proposed by the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McRae] is cor-
rect; that there are so many gentlemen upon the
floor who think themselves so mueh better
"posted" than the particular member speaking,
that they are anxious to communicate some por-
tion of the valuable surplus of their information
to that member, or rather, perhaps, through him
to the country.
Certainly, Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to
apply these remarks personally to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] who sought two or
three times to interrupt me sometime ago. No,
sir; they are the result of close observation and
reflection upon what I have seen and heard from
the time I first had the honor of a seat upon this
floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is so long since I asked the
permission to interrupt the gentleman that I have
almost forgotten what I intended to say. The gen-
tleman seems very much fascinated with the Brit-
ish system, as it prevails in the British Parliament.
I have been somewhat surprised at the course this
debate has taken to-day. It is sometimes charged
that, though we profess to be Democrats, we are
not always democratic in our practice. I consid-
ered this as only the taunt of our enemies. Now,
I have been surprised to find my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] who has
always great care for the widows aijd orphans;
who votes always on the side of the working men;
who is always the poor man's friend, advocating
to-day a proposition to confine that class of men
to the galleries; to exclude them from places upon
this floor; to make them sit up there in the cold,
and, at the same time, advocating the bringing in
of foreign ministers, with all their insignia of po-
sition, upon this floor. And I had scarcely recov-
ered from that surprise, before I heard the honora-
blegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham]—
parcxccllence, a Democrat-—one of the shining stars
of the Democracy; one whom we all look to; a
man of expectation, come forward in the House
of Representatives and ask that the system of the
British Parliament should be introduced here. I
suppose he wants the Treasury benches spread out
here, and the First Lord of the Treasury and the
Chancellor of the Exchequer to come down to
control the proceedings of the House. I suppose
the gentleman wants lords and dukes—and they
arc generally the ministers there—to come on the
floor, and have the chief control of our business.
The gentleman wants the British system pur-
sued. Ay, sir, the gentleman, I think, has been
misled by ins desire to accomplish a particular
purpose into acting upon a too brief examination
into the question under consideration. I under-
took to state this morning why the British system
would not do here. There, there are generally
only from forty to a hundred member present.
There, members are allowed to go forward and
enter upon a list on the clerk's table, noticcs of
motions for a particular day. Well, some three
or four notices are entered upon the list for a day.
Now, suppose we could go forward here and
enter ijotices of motions for a particular day,
there would be one, or perhaps two hundred no-
tices of motions for that day, crowding upon
each other, and the gentleman would find that at
last you would have to designate some order m
which the business should be conducted. We
have committees to prepare our business; they do
not. Our whole system is different from theirs,
and we require different regulations. The Con-
stitution provides that we shall establish our rules;
and we could not get along a day without rules;
and what I ask of the gentleman from Ohio and
others is, that if these rules are not satisfactory,
they shall find better ones and propose them.
Now, a word in regard to this hour rule, if the
gentleman will allow me. I will say that I inter-
rupt gentlemen when they are speaking as seldom
as any man on this floor; but I had been on the
floor once or twice to-day, and did not want to
take it again so soon, and, therefore, 1 asked the
courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio to interpose
a few remarks.
The gentleman says that our debates are not
relevant to the subjects under consideration, and
I agree with him that they are often irrelevant;
but how will the abolition of the hour rule bring
about relevant debate? Let the gentleman require
that debate in Committee of the Whole, as well
as elsewhere, shall be confined to the particular
question before the committee, and then we shall
have relevant debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The speech of the
gentleman from Virginia would no doubt have
been very captivating in the region of Appomntox
and upon "the stump "anywhere, [laughter;] but
surely it was quite inappropriate here; indeed,
I ask no better practical illustration to enforce
what I said a few moments ago than this entire
interruption from a gentleman who lias served in
the House now these ten years, and, I fear, has
fallen into all its bad habits.
In reply to his last observation, I will tell him
how it comes that hour speeches are of a charac-
ter totally different from legitimate debate, and
why members prepare speeches in writing be-
cause of the hour rule. It is important, of coursa,
for every member to compress as much as is pos-
sible within that limit. Every man knows in his
own experience that he can condense an amount
of matter within an hour when he writes, which
it would require an hour and a half to deliver
orally. Yet, for one, I must say, in passing, I
would rather listen to the dullest speech from any
member here for two hours, orally delivered, than
to sit for one hour under the infliction of the finest
and best composed essay ever read in the House.
The gentleman from Virginia has read me a
lecture on democracy, monarchy, republicanism,
and the other forms of government. Sir, he him-
self stands here to-day the advocate of despotism.
He is upon this floor defending a rule, the whole
purpose and tendency of which is to prevent the
free and legitimate deliberation and debate, so es-
sential a part of legislation. But, in speaking of
the previous question, he himself forgot the very
wide difference between that question as it obtains
here and in Great Britain. In Parliament it is
used for the purpose of removing a subject from
before the House, so that there shall be neither
vote nor debate upon it. Here it is employed
solely for the purpose of bringing the House to
vote directly upon the proposition, and without
debate at all. Now, if we should return to par-
liamentary usage, of course we would go back
also to the ancient and legitimate use of the pre-
vious question, and abandon the dangerous and
tyrannic perversion and abuse of it which hare
grown up under our own system. And yet,lim-
ited and comparatively innocuous as it is there, the
previous question has not been resorted to in the
House of Commons for many years; and a mo-
tion, in 1849, to limit speeches in Parliament to
one hour, was rejected. And just here allow me
to add, that no legislative body, anywhere, or at
any time, in a free country, except the House of
Representatives assembled in this Capitol, has
ever submitted to this most mischievous restric-
tion upon the freedom of debate.
The gentleman finds an apology, sir, for all
these most vexatious restrictions and intricacies
in the rules which preclude a member from bring-
ing forward business, or discussing it when it is
brought forward, in the number of Representa-
tives of which this House consists. Sir, does he
forget that the British House of Commons is com-
posed of six hundred and fifty-eight members, and
yet that more business is transacted there in two or
three days than by this House in six weeks; and
that, too, usually there in a full House. Itisvery
true that forty members constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business; and that private busi-
ness, that in which the whole empire is not in-
terested, is usually passed upon in a thin House;
but whenever any great question is pending before
Parliament, the House is full, and the members
are nearly all present. Even the very important
commercial treaty recently concluded between
France and Great Britain was discussed and dis-
fiosed of by the first orators and statesmen of Par-
iamentin two nights, only some few weeks since.
How long would it have occupied this House?
How much time do we usually consume in dis-
cussing great public questions ? The debate on
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, including the reading
of essays, was continued for six or eight weeks.
The discussion upon the Lecompton constitution,
in which from one hundred and seventy to two
hundred speeches were delivered or read, occu-
pied the time, if not the attention, of the House
from the 16th of December until the 30th of April.
And why is this' Because we have no legitimate
debate. The speech of one member does not fol-
low that of another. One set of ideas or argu-
ments are not provoked by another urged by the
speaker who preceded. We hear none, and have
none, of that kind of debate. Disconnected lec-
tures, written weeks before, and concealed in the
desks of members, are continually produced here,
and read to empty benches, and yet go forth to the
country as speeches which thrill the hearts of
members and of those who throng our galleries.
Sir, I remember, as an illustration this moment
occurring to me, that amember from Illinois read
an essay upon this floor, in the month of Febru-
ary one year ago, late at night, to three members
and five pages, [laughter;] yet the next day it was
telegraphed to a leading paper in the city of New
York, as one of the most thrilling speeches ever
