170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
soil proclaimed upon The floor of Co^cr-^c, upon .
the ki* hw.ay.N and byways of the nort iirra £>t.Vrs,
fern Uic sium]^ from tic pulpU and press, ;>;)d |
thun, when- ihe overt act is done, a cowardly |
cringing from the responsibility. Th<> upiifad i
band*. Hk: pip us prayer, the lon^-drawn groan of j!
tho treasonable hypocrite, cannot sanctify Ins j!
deed of blood, j
The South standsy in this contest, where she j
has always stood—in the right, and upon the Con- f
stitution of the country—and may God defend fh<> I
right. Sho asks nothing more; she will accept
 ot otic tithe less. Wo have never sought to in-
vade your territory or incite agrariamsm in the
hearts of the vicious hordes that hang about your
receptacles of vice. Wo have patronized your
arts and scicnecs; we have encouraged your in-
dustry, and expended billions upon billions of
dollars in your markets. For this, your return
is treason to our common Government, and mur-
der and robbery upon us. For the sake of peace,
we have submitted to these wrongs upon our rights
and institutions for more than forty years. Against
these wrongs we have entered ten thousand pro-
tests, that to-day, like " anjrels, trumpet-tongued,
plead the deep damnation" of your conduct to
us. The Union that won formed for our mutual
protection youare seeking to make to us an engine
of oppression—a cheat and snare.
"When' are now all the great national statesmen
of the North, whose iiudlecUi did honor to hu-
man nature, and whose deeds of patriotism upon
this floor, and in the Senate Chamber, have shed
imperishable luster upon our country's history.
God in his providence has removed some that
they might not live to this hour, wlx-n their un-
grateful countrymen would hurt them from power,
because they were "just." Even the State of
Massachusetts, who owes more to the achieve-
ments of her groat "Webster, in this and the other
end of the Capitol, both made classic by his un-
surpassed eloquence and learning, than to any
other event in her history, to-day compkuns that
a monument erected to his memory whould stand
in the public grounds in the eity of ]]oston. But
his fame hs sale; it is beyond the power of fanati-
cism and hate to destroy, lie will live forever 111
history. His revilers, in Massachusetts, may as-
sail lus good name; but he will live when they
ore forgotten. In their unnatural attack upon his
memory, they may acquire an immortality; but
it. will be an immortality like that of the incendi-
ary whosctiire to the Ephesian temple—immortal
in infamy.
I repeat, who fills the places of your Webster,
your Everett, yourMarcy, your Dickinson, your
Cass, and Stuart, some of whom m act, and all in
feeling, stood forth in the dark and perilous con-
test of 1850, upholding the arm of the great paci-
ficator, as did Aaron the arm of Moses, while the
battle of the Union was being fought? They have
been str iken down, one by one, because they sus-
tained a national policy fioni their high places in
the other end of the Capitol, and because their
great hearts knew no North, no South, no East,
1)0 West—nothing save their whole country.
In their stead you have elevated a Seward and
King, a Bingham and Chandleii, a Wilson and
Sumner, a Harlan, Grimes, and Trumbull,
advocates of an "irrepressible conflict," whose
bounded vision is measured by the limits of the
free States, and whose powers are exerted in the
Federal councils to crush and overwhelm m ruins
fifto-n of the soveieign States of this Union in a
war of hate, fanaticism, denunciation, and rapine,
engendered by sectional feelings. The Constitu-
tion and laws, until of late, have stood between
them and their purpose, and the safety of the
South.
But, sir, fanaticism knows no law but hate,
and heeds no counsel but madness. It lias over-
leaped the laws and the Constitution of the coun-
try, and you have now given us the blood-stained
evidence of your unalterable purpose, upon the
soil of Virginia. Are these things to be endured?
can they be enduredr will they be endured?
Never, never! Is it any answer to us, is it any
earnest of safety, that you now stand forth upon
this floor and say you regret this attack upon
the rights and liberties of a sister State? No, sir.
These regrets are not sincere: they do not reach
the evil: they erect no hairier to northern mad-
ness; they will not punish the thief that lurks
upon our borders, silence the agitation of the
North upon this subject, or stay the midnight
murderous arm uplifted for our destruction. Your
promise you may keep to the ear, but you will
break it to the hope. You have raised a tempest
upon this subject %ou cannot control. It is
sweeping over the land with surging tides, threat-
ening to engulf the Republic. You now sink
back appalled,, protest your innocent intentions,
as." though hell was not paved wttli these."
Another revolution you are seeking to create
like that ofaDantonand Robespierre. It overrode
all the powers of the State, disorganized Govern-
ment, trampled upon innocence and virtue, and
sacrificed one million of the bravest sons of France.
Not content with this, it even entered the sacred
temples of religion, and, with blasphemous shouts,
looked up at the very throne of Divinity, and
cried, "Vi-.toiy! victory!" It will overwhelm
you, as it did them. Against all this, as a Rep-
resentative of a loyal, Union-loving, law-abiding
people, I raiS'- my voice of solemn protest, it
may avail nothirg; but. as God liveth, I charge
you here to-day, hefoiv heaven unj earth, with
being the instigatois of the unnumbered ills that
now threaten thr overthrow of the Republic. I
am no alarmist; I make no threats; I have told
you what you yoursehes do know. Tamnodis-
unionist; for its preservation I would imperil my
life, my all, save honor. God grant that the Cap-
itol where we stand, the flag that waves above us,
without, a star oihu'ed, may stand and wave for-
ever. But, if the worst must come, if that terrible
hour i« at hand, if there is no escape, if the fell
calamity of disunion is upon us, pressed, on by
northern a^ri'-ssion, I want to see my native
South plant hrrself upon the Constitution of the
country, ivise it before her as her shield, spread
it above he r.s her banner, and, when the contest
comes, appealing to the God of battles, let her
last sMi stand and fall, if such be His providence,
m defense of their rights and honor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE obtained the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman from
New York yield the floor to enable me to make
a motion that the House procecd to a ballot for
Speaker?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. WINSLOW. I then move that the House
proceed now to a ballot for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, IvEITT. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was called, and the fol-
lowingj^embers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Brown, Clark JR. Cochrane, Jenkins,
Killincjuu, Kunkel, Landrum, and Stall-
worth.
During the call,
Mr. TAYLOR stated that Mr. Landrum was
detained from the House by sickness, and had
paired off with Mr. Morse.
Mr. STEWART,#!'Maryland, stated that Mr.
Kukkkl had paired off with Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane.
SEYEimi BALLOT "FOU ^EAKKIl.
The House proceeded to a seventh ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 227; necessary to a choice, J 34;
of which—
Mr. Sherman received  PI)
Mr. BoeoeK  ft)
Mr. Gilmer 
Mr. John G. Davis  4
Mr. Boteler  1
Mi. Phelps  1
Mr. Jloiaee F. CLtrk  1
Mr. Brigs*.  1
Mr. McQueen  1
So there was no choice.
Tin1 following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherrnun—Messis. Chailes I'\ Adam*-, Aldrich,
Allc\, A>hlev, Babbitt, 13cale, Bingham, Blan, Blake, Bray-
ton, Bulfinton, Bmlineamo, Burnbam, Burroughs, Bnttei-
field. Caicj, C'aiter, Case, Colfav, Conklmp, Convin, <'o-
vod>', Curtis, Dawe*, Delano, Dueii, Dunn, Edgeiton, Ed-
ward-, Elioi, Elv, Farnsworth, Kenton, Fciiy, Foster,
Frank, French. fJoorii. Graham, Grow, Guiley, Hall, Ilel-
miek, Hoard, Humphrey, Hntchins, Irvine, Francis W.
Ivellojr*, William Kellogff, Kenyon, Kilgoie, DeWitt C.
Loach, Lee, Longncckcr, Loome-, Lovejoj, Marston, Me-
Kean, MeKmpiit, McPherson, Mori ill, Ohn, Palmei, Perry,
Pettit, Porter. Potter, Pottle, Hiee, Christopher Robinson,
Boyce, Sedgwiek, Somes, Spaukiing, spinner, Stanton,
William Stcwa.it, Stratton, Tappan, Tiiayci, Theaker,
Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vandever, Van VVyck, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwatader C. Washburn, Ellihu J3.
WashhuniCj Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
and Woodiutf.
For Mr. Bococl:—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
A-hnjorc, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bonham, Boyce,
Branch, Butch, Burnett, John B. CJark, Clemen*, Ciopton,
Cobb, John Coelnane. Cooper, Cox, James Ciaig, Burton
Craige, Ciawford. Curry, David-on. Reuben Davis, Do Jar-
netto, Dirmn<elc, Edmunttaon, English, Florence, Fouke,
Garnett, GaitielJ, Hamilton, John T. Hams, Hawkins,
Hmdman, Holman, fiou>toji, Howard, Hughe.-, Jackson,
Jones, Ke lt, Laiuai. Lariahre, L^afte, Lo*an, Love,
Mar-lav, Chnilc«. D Martin. Elbert S. Martin, MeClernand,
McQueen, McRac, Miles. Million, Montsjomeiy, Sydenham
Moore, I aae N. Moms, Nibjaek, Nocll, Pendleton^ Peyton,
Pbelp-', Piyor, Beagan, Jdiu'^ V. Bob n on, Buihn, Bust,
Scott, {Sickle-i, SImin-. Siu'jletoi,, Wilhani Smith, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Wl)iteley, Win.-low, Woodson, and
Wright.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adams, William C.An-
derson, Botelcr, Bouh^nv, Bjab--on: Buggs, Bri tow. Camp-
bell, II. Winter Duvit-jEUiendge, Hale, J. Morrison Han i--,
Haskin, Hatton. IIilJ, Junkin. Jam^rf M. Leacb, Malloiy,
Moynard, Milhvani, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Edwaid
Joy Morris, Nel-on. Nixon. Pennington, Quarles, Schwaiiz,
Seranton, \Villiain N. H. S?mith, Stevens, Btoket-, Vance,
Veirec, Webster, and Wood.
For Mr. John G Davte— Messrs- Adrain, Horace F.
Claik, Reynold-, and Biscs.
For Mr. Boiclcr—Mr Haideman.
For Mr. Phc!fir-—Mi. Boeock.
For Mr. Horacc F. Clark—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. 23rii%s—Mi. Gilmer.
For Mr. MrQ'/ccn—Mr. Pugh.
Mr. JOT-IN COCHRANE resumed the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman will rive
way, I will move that the House proceed to
another ballot, with the understanding, that if the
vote is ineffectual, the House will adjourn over
until Mondav. [Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. GROW. I cannot consent to adjourning
until Monday.
Mr. JOHJN COCHRANE. I yield to a motion
that the House proceed to another ballot.
Mr. WINSLOW. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GILMER. Mr. Clerk, I rise to withdraw
my name from the list of candidates, and to ex-
press my thanks to those gentlemen with whom
l agree politically, for the- suppoi t they have given
me. I must also say that 1 feel m do loss degree
complimented by the votes of gentlemen with
whom I verymuch disas^vo in one e^reat political
point. I now put in nomination Hon. ^exan-
der R. Boteler, of Virginia; and, I think, from
the indication given, that, if we have a corre-
sponding concession on the other side, we can, in
the next ballot, furnish ourselves with a Speaker.
EIGHTH BALLOT FOK SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to an eighth ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 22#; necessary to a choice,
115: "f which—
Mi. Sherman reei'ived Ill
Mr, BoeoeK  83
Mj. Bofln   25
Mi. John G. Davis  4
Mr. Giini'n-  1
Mr. Hoiaec F. Claik  1
Mr. Ilri«s<s  1
Mr. Phelp-  1
Mr. McUueen   1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Chail's F. Adams, Aldrieh,
Aile> , Ashley, Baobitt, Bealc, Btn^hain, Blair, Blake. Bray-
ton, Bnffinton, Burhngnmo, Biiful'mn. inirtougb.^, Butiei-
field, Campbell, Carey, Canei, (1a^«', ('ol'.ix, < 'onklinfr. <'or-
win, Covode, (;urtis* Ilav/e^, Hf'lauo, ihu'li, Dnnn, Kdger-
fon,H(|wiud>. Ehot,Ely, Fam^v\ oifh,F' nton. Ferty, Foster,
Fiank, Fu'iieh, Goofh. Gmluin, <Jiow, (imlej, Hale, ItalJ,
Ha>kin, Hnhniek, Flickman. floaul. I!iiiiipiiir\,Hntchtns,
Irvine, Jnnkin, Francis W Kellogc. Wiil/.im Kellow, Ken-
voit. Kilji'uo, DeWitt C. L-aeii, Lc< , Longncc ker, Loomis,
Lovejoc, Marston, McK'mh. McKin?ht. MePlifr-on, Mill-
waid, Moojhead, Mori ill, Kdwaid Joy Morns, Nixon, Olin,
Palmoi, Pennington. L'euy, Pettit, Portei, Pottei, i'ottle,
Jtiec, Christophet Jlobinson, tfebwarta, Soranton,
Sedgwick, Sonic^, vSp.iuldiiiir, Sp:nnei, Stanton, Stevens,
William Stewart,fc^iratton,Tappan,Thayer,Tlicaker,Tomp-
kins, Train, Trimble, Vandevcr, \ at) Wj ck. Yeuce, VVadc,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. "Wnt-hbarn, Ellihu
Washburnc, Israel Wa-hburn, Wells, Wil-on, Wmdoni,
Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. $ococ);—Messrs Allen, Ashmore, Aver,, Barks-
dale, Barr, Barrett, Bouliam, Bo\ce, Branch, Bureh, Bur-
nett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, Joim Cochrane,
Cooper, Cox,James Craig, Burton Ciaice, Cr.nvfoid, Curry,
Davidson, "Reuben Davif, Dimm;ek, Edmundson, Enjrhf-li,
Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, John T. Har-
ris, IIawkin<, Hmdman, Holman, Houston, Howaid,
Hughes, Jackson, Jon^s, Keitt, Lamm, Lanabee, Leake,
Logan, 'Love, Mnclay, Charles I) Maitm, Elbert'S. Mar-
tin, MeClernand, Mt-dueen, MeKae, Miles, MilJ&on, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N.Moiris, NjWaek, Nocll,
Pendleton, Peyton, l'help>, j r>or, Reagan, James C. Bob-
