1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inson, Kuffin. llust, Scott, Sickles. Smims, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Whiteley, Winslow,
and Wright. n L , ,
For Mr. Bolder—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas U An-
derson, William C. Anderson, Bouligny, Brabjon, Bnggs,
Bristow, De Jamettc, Etheridge, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Mor-
rison Hairis, Hatton, Hill, James M. Leach, Mallory, May-
natd, Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Quarlcs, William N. H.
Smith, Stokes, Vance, Webster, and Woodson.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs. Atlr.nn, Horace F.
Clark, Reynolds, and Xtisss.
For Mr, Gilmer—Mr. H. Winter Davis.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Briggs—Mr. Boteler.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Bocock.
For Mr. McQueen—Mr. Pugh.
Pending the vote,
Mr. MORSE stated that his pair.with Mr.
Landkum extended all through the day, and to all
votes for Speaker.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
quarter past three p. m.) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 17, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. M. Carson.
Tfee Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
•The CLERK stated the question to be on the
motion of Mr. Hickman to amend the Journal
of Friday, 9th instant, on which Mr. John Coch-
' rane was entitled to the floor.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man yield me the floor for a personal explanation?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Clerk, X have
a very strong distaste for personal explanations,
and did not think I ever should ask the indulgence
of the House to make one; nor would I now ask
it were it not that the matter relates directly to
the debates of the House. In the usually accurate
and reliable reports of the New York Herald I
find the following, purporting'to be a portion of
the speech made by mc upon Thursday:
"Dul the candidate [Mr. Sherman] of that party as
speaker use to disavow such sentiment (tending to excite
f>oivilc insurrection) ? No; no such sli*n ot disavowal was
made."
Sir, I said precisely the reverse;distinctly stat-
ing that the candidate for the Speakership on the
Republican side did instantly rise and disavow
them.
Again:
"I am hound to the South; I am identified with the
South and lier slave institutions."
1 said nothing of the sort, or resembling it, but
just the reverse. I said I wasnota northern man,
least of all a " northern man with southern prin-
ciples"—that I was not a southern man, not "true
to the South" as South, nor to .southern princi-
ples; but that I was a western man; and, within
and subordinate to the Constitution and the Union,
a western sectionalist.
There are other minor errors in the summary
of the Herald, which will appear from the official
reportofthe speech. So farfrommy having made,
as has been said, an " ultra southern speech,"
I did make a speech which was ultra and wholly
western. I said nothing about slavery in the
Territories.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. LARRABEE. Will the gentleman from
New York yield me the floor ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly.
Mr. LARRABEE. Mr. Clerk, I was handed
on yesterday, by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Davidson,] a newspaper that is published in
my own State, and my attention was directed to
some resolutions that purport tobave been adopted
at a large meeting of Germans ill the city of Mil-
waukee. As it was the intention of that gentle-
man to address the House, and to have these reso-
lutions read, I begged from him the privilege, as
a Representative from the State of Wisconsin, to
have them read myself, and n fer to them.
The Clerk read the i, solr.ti.ms, as follows:
^Wh^ica** the hono^iM ' J.>1211 Hi own w.v> *<c:;t, to-d'iy,
fiom Mo to doath. h  th" hangman hand. b>-r m-.e ho in-
tended to earn, out piaftjcalh one id<ia w appiovc,to hi)
oiate nejxioes held m bond.i'?-1; and wherra- it seem^ to he
ueccesary, 111 these time., of lai.it heartcdac^ and timidity,
to express, frankly and openly, radical principles, notwitjb-
standing the timid lamentations of the conservatives, and
the shameless sneering of the ignorant rabble and its self-
ishness. Therefore
" ResoheJ, That we express our highest regard for (be
noble-hearted, courageous, and resolute John I>rown, and
that we will hold him, like other champions of freedom,
in memory forever.
11 llc<olvcd, That, after having used all means to settle
tifc slavery questionm a peaceable manner, itU ju^ifiablo,
in our judgment, to attain the object by the way ot revolu-
tion, and that all ropon^ibiluy I'm nu-h a iorced eventuality
will Jail upon the heads of those who refuse, with tbo ut-
most obstmaov, to *ct aside in a reformatory way an insti-
tution winch i*> alike a shame for our age and for thij Re-
public.
" Resolved, That we, a-  adopted citizens, especially, who
had brought love; of freedom and hate against tyranny of
every kind to this country with us, fee! bound to raise vig-
orously our voice against the institution, of slavery, which
degrades the slaves as well as their masters, and which
endangers this Republic, the preservation and welfare of
which we sincerely wish.
<•' Resolved, To publish those resolutions in nil anti-sla-
very papeis of the city of Milwaukee."
Mr. GROW. What newspaper is that read
from ?
Mr. IiARRABEE. Prom the "Wisconsin Free
Democrat. If either of my colleagues do not rec-
ognize that paper as a Republican newspaper, I
would be glad to have him rise in his place and
state so. I may ask, by-and-by, to have read an
editorial from the same newspaper,indorsing fully
these resolutions, and expressing, in language
which conforms to the resolutions themselves, its
hearty sympathy with them. It was stated the
other day, by an honorable Scnatorfrom my State,
in the other wing of the Capitol, that no Repub-
lican newspaper in the Northwest had yet sup-
ported John Brown 111 his invasion of the soil of
Virginia. Perhaps the facthadnot been brought
to his attention; for, if it had, he would not have
made the statement. I have now in my hand this
Republican newspaper from the State of Wiscon-
sin, which entertains these sentiments, which sus-
tains these resolutions, and which supports the
object of John Brown in his incursion into Vir-
ginia, to the fullest extent. Now, I need not to
be informed by leading influential and patriotic,
Germans in the State'of Wisconsin that these
resolutions, which purport to have been adopted
by a large meeting of German-American citizens,
are not the expression of the opinion of that class
of citizcns in the Suite of Wisconsin.
I have lived among these men for the last four-
teen years. I have lived iti a county where the
whole county organization and government were
carried on by German citizens; and I feel it. my
duty here to say, in behalf of that people, that no
more intelligent, no more loyal.no more patriotic
men live on the soil of the United States, than they
are. They are sternly hostile to fanaticism, and
to sentiments of disunion and war 011 the South.
For fear it may have gone out to this House
and to the country that the sentiments contained
in these resolutions are tin1 sentiments of that
class of our citizens, I have felt it my duty here—
although I know that if I were to consult mere
inferior views of personal success I would not
attempt to address the House to-day-—when my
State has been alluded to here as resisting the laws
of the United States, as helping on this sentimeni
of disunion and aggression 011 the South, to rise
in my place and roll back these accusations against
the State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent. Perhaps, sir, if I were impressed with a
full consciousness of the responsibility that rests
upon me, and if I were to measure that responsibil-
ity by the amount of population which I claim to
represent 011 this floor, being over three hundred
and sixty thousand peoph—more than 111 either
of the States of JN'ew Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode
Island, 01-Oregon, and more than the white popu-
lation of Mississippi 01" Arkansas—I woujd be
vei y cautious and very careful as to what 1 said
011 this floor
Having said thus much, if the I-Touse wi'l give me
its attention, 1 will submit, it few remarks. I promise
not to detain the House long. 1 do not hope to
say anything that will induce gentlemen upon the
other side to change their course of action 111 the
slightest; but if I can say anything that will in-
duce those who help to make up the opposition
to the Republican party 111 this House—those
claiming to belong to national organizations, and
to be opposed to the doctrines and to the genius
and spirit of the Republican party—if I can say
| anything to the.se that will lead them to unite with
I usj for the purpose of preventing the representa-
tive of the Republican parjy from occupying that
chair, I shall be content.
Now, sir, I am an aiiti-Locorapton Democrat.
I was an anti-Leeompion Democrat thot-
issuc was a live issue. When the PresuIeiH.';ent
in his message recommending the admission, of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitutor—al-
though I had been a Democrat fi'0«vmy earliest
youth, and although I was but a, private cii;z- —
1 feit it to bo my duty to my party tp dissent from
that recommendation. I know that it is alwa ys
a dangerous thing for a man to stand up agtwn>st
his party. I know the benefit of party organ na-
tion. Iknow that when a man talios Jhis stuitt
outside of ti,uit organization, yot claiming to n;P'
resent its principles, he is charged with doing
violence to the principles of his party, and tending,
to disrupt the organization itself.
But, sir, the Democrats of the State of Wiscon-
sin took ground almost unanimously agains' the
Lecompton policy of the Administration. While
it was a living issue before the country, they stood
there firm and fast. When it was settled hy the
adoption of the English bill, and by the vote afthe
people of Kansas under, that hill, they recognized
it as an issue gone into the past, and from that day
to this there has been no recognition of any disuuc-
tion between Democrats in that State. Looking* to
the near approach of the contest of1860, we thought
that we could not afford to throw away timeoi; dead
and past issues, when we had before us aa active
energetic foe, all pervading in the northern States,
that demanded of every man that was a Democrat,
or claimed to be a Democrat, to stand by his .01;®®-
izationwhatevcrhisprivategricfsmight bo. And,
sir, I hare always understood that when we fu: d
wrongs and errors in our own party, the very best
way to right those wrongs or to cure those errors
is to remain mside of the organization; not t.o go
out of it; not to join the Opposition;but to remain
inside the party organization, and there let our
voices be heard'. Now, to show that then; is no ,
issue between the different wings of the Demo-
cratic party, I need only mention the fact that
every Democratic convention in every northwest-
ern State has indorsed the national Administration
upon all its measures except upon this-Lccomptou
issue, and that being out of the way, there is now
no division between the Democrats in that section,
except a discrimination which is attempted to be
kept up by a few office-holdersbut their number
is so insignificant that they can hardly be digni-
fied with the name of a party.
Sir, I have been astonished to hear gentlemen
oil this floor, who were Democrats, and who say
they are Democrats, charging upon the Adminis-
tration of Mr. Buchanan that it is wicked, that it
is corrupt, that it is infamous. Why, sir, if this
is so, I have learned the fact for the first time. I
think I have watched the course of the President
as carefully as tiiose gentlemen have; and, al-
though there have been many tilings that I
might not myself subscribe to, yet, at the same
time, I know the high responsibility of that-posi-
tion; I know that but few men can fill it with-
out being suirounded with difficulties; I know
that it is the most delicate, the highest, nn(l the
most honorable position that a man con fill upon
earth; and I always yield to the President of the
United States the highest possible 1 espect. I en-
tertain those sentiments, to-day, for the present
occupant of the executive chair, and it waiters
not to mc whether lie recognizcs me as a Demo-
crat or not, 111 the mere distribution of paitry Fed-
eral offices. Why, sir, that is but the. smallest
part of the duty of a Representative; itis the
smallest field on which he can operate. N" man
should visit his mere personal gri' vances 011 his
party. If there is any good whatsoever in party
organization, it is for the purpose of carrying out
practical principles; and no man should join a
party for the mere attainment, of his own selfish
ends' and purposes. We should give 110 aid or
comfort, in any way, to the Opposition party.
Now, there are gentlemen upon this floor, who
think precisely as I did on the Lecompton ques-
tion, who claim to be Democrats, and were elected
as advocates of Democratic principles, and yet,
for sometime, they have voted for the gentleman
who has been put in nomination by the Republi-
can party. Why is this' Theyeonld not, if they
were to try, give any higher proof of their attach-
ment to Republican principles.tliaa _l>y voting for
the gentleman "tvho lias been nominated by tlnj
