1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
delivered in the House; remarkable, especially,
for its fearlessness, and the boldness of its denun-
ciation, [renewed laughter,] and perfectly electri-
fying every one present. Now, is it not time that
this evil was remedied ? I repeat again, that the'
quantum of speaking will not be increased by the
abrogation of the hour rule; the number of pages
which make up your Congressional Globe will not
bo multiplied; and what difference is it to us or to
the country, whether one man shall speak for two
hours, or two men shall speak for one hour each ?
It may be of some moment to our particular con-
stituencies; but it is none to the whole country.
Let gentlemen who would discuss mere partisan
or local topics, go back to the ancient usage which
prevailed some forty years ago, of publishing ad-
dresses upon such questions to their constituents.
Let us agree henceforth that what is said upon
the floor here shall relate to the great measures
of public policy and legislation which may come
before us, and not to mere fleeting and tempo-
rary subjects of controversy between parties.
No reform which we can devise will tend so far
to bring the House back to its ancient dignity
and decorum, and to that high repute which be-
longed to it in the earlier days of the Republic.
1 desire to call the attention of the committee
to the fact that for thirty years after the organ-
ization of this Government the Senate was not the
center of attraction. It was the House upon which
the eyes of the country were turned. It was here,
sir, that in those days there were gathered an
Ames, a Madison, an Ellsworth, a Randolph, a
Sherman, and others of a like fame, who have
made the history of our country illustrious. But,
for thirty years now, and especially within the
twenty years pas't, since the adoption of the hour
rule, along with other evils, the importance and
even the equality of the House has been lost; and
it is tht Senate whose galleries the people throng
now; ir is the Senate that has drawn upon itself
the chief attention of the country; it is the debates
in the Senate for which the public look; it is the
speeches delivered in the Senate which circulate
throughout the land; and, finally, it is the Senate,
as the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett,]
suggested, which is not only absorbing all the
legislation of the country, but is molding that
public opinion which controls the Government.
Is it not apparent then, I ask, that there should be
found, and right speedily, a remedy for the disre-
pute into which this House has fallen? What
that remedy may be, I leave to your wisdom, gen-
tlemen, to devise; but, I repeat, that the abroga-
tion of the hour rule is, in my opinion, the first
and a most important step in that direction.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask my colleague a single
question. He seems to have taken the British
House of Commons as his model of a parliament-
ary body.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not altogether, al-
though this House was certainly modeled after it.
Mr. COX. My colleague has, no doubt, read
in Ten Thousand a Year of one Tittlebat Tit-
mouse, who broke down a ministry by crowing
at an inopportune time. [Laughter.] I suppose
that, to carry out the system in this House, it
should be the duty of the Speaker to appoint per-
sons who are to perform that duty. But, as my
colleague refers to classic authorities, I ask him
whether it was not true that the hour rule always
prevailed in the Roman Senate?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly not.
Mr. COX. I ask if it was not extraordinary
that those great declamations of Demosthenes and
jEschines always came out in exactly sixty min-
utes ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My colleague is, as
Titmouse would say, a most " respectable gent;"
and no doubt the incident to which he has referred
in that gentleman's parliamentary career, illus-
trating his powers of crowing, was called to mind
by the similarity between my colleague's name
[Mr. Cox] and the barn-yard fowl called
" Chanticleer who wakes the morn."
He is the very bird for the new office he proposes.
[Laughter.] But I regret that he has exhibited
such lamentable forgctfulness, at least, in regard
to the Roman and Grecian eloquence, to which I
had made allusion by way of illustration. If he
had recently read the speeches of Demosthenes
and jEschines, to which he refers, he would not
have asked whether they were not spoken in sixty
minutes. Certainly they cannot now be read m
two hours, and that without including the docu-
ments quoted by the orators.
Mr. COX. That depends upon whether they
are read in the original. [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not profess
to be as familiar with Greece as my colleague.
He has seen the " isles of Greece," visited the
classic shores of Attica, walked the streets of
Athens, and stood upon the Acropolis. I have
not. He visited Rome, too; though I may not
speak of what he saw or heard in the Eternal City.
He has written it in a book. [Laughter.] But
I will not occupy the time of the committee long-
er. By reason of the very evil of interruptions
of which I complained, I have been forced to
speak at far greater length than I intended. I
beg pardon, gentlemen.*
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I propose to follow the
example of some who have preceded mo, in
making public some private opinions I have, with
the hope that they may prove beneficial to those
who hear them.
Now, sir, I shall not undertake to say anything
about Demosthenes, or any of those old fellows,
who have been so unceremoniously introduced
into this debate; I have no acquaintance with
them. [Laughter.] I know nothing about them.
But I desire to make some observations to those
who are now present, about the decorum of the
House. I shall not make any personal allusion to
any member here, because that would provoke a
discussion into which I do not care to be drawn: I
concede all that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vallandigham] has said in regard to the marked
deterioration in the character of the debates of this
*NotebyMr.Vallandigiiam.—Notaware that
the report on the rules of the House was made
a special order for this day, and obliged to speak,
therefore, without recent examination of the sub-
ject, I append now certain extracts to which I
would otherwise have referred in my remarks;
1. Many of the extant orations written by De-
mosthenes for prosecutors or the accused, were
in State trials or impeachments; and some of them
in support of the repeal of certain laws, as for
example, the Leptinean oration, were read before
"committees," as we would say at this day. A
longer time, (if indeed there were any limit,) it
would seem, was allowed in such cases.
2. The first example of limitation of time for
argument at the bar in Rome, was by Pompey,
upon the trial of Milo, and for the purpose of
securing his conviction; but the limit then was
fixed at three hours. Under the Emperors it be-
came a settled usage; and sometimes two hours,
sometimes one hour, or even half an hour, were
allowed, at the discretion of the judge. Pliny
assigns as the reason, that "the advocates grew
tired before the business was explained, and the
judges were ready to decide before they under-
stood the question." And he asks, and the inquiry
is just as pertinent now, "are we wiser than our
ancestors? are the laws more just at present ? Our
ancestors allowed many hours, many days, many
adjournments in every cause; and, for my part,
as often as I sit in judgment, I allow as much time
as the advocate requires; for would it not be rash-
ness to guess what space of time is neccssary in
a cause which has not been opened ? But some
unnecessary things may be said, and is it not bet-
ter that what is unnecessary should be spoken,
than that what is necessary should be omitted ?
And who can tell what is necessary till he has
heard ? Patience in a judge ought to be consid-
ered as one of the chief branches of his duty, as
it certainly is of justice." (Book G, Epistle 2.)
These considerations apply still more strongly to
debate in a deliberative assembly.
3. Cicero says in his "Brutus," that he never
heard of a Lacedemonian orator, and adds, "brev-
ity, upon some occasions, is a real excellence;
but it is very far from being compatible with the
general character of eloquence."
4. Referring to the adoption of the hour rule
by the House, July 7, 1841, Mr. Benton says;
" This session is remarkable for the institution
of the hour rule in the House of Representatives
—the largest limitation upon the freedom of debate
which any deliberative assembly ever imposed upon
itself, and presents an eminent instance of perma-
nent injury done to free institutions in order to get
rid of a temporary annoyance."—2 Benton's Fiew,
247.
body within the last few years to be true; but I
will suggest that it may be that the rules of this
House are not the sole cause of it. I will also
say to the gentleman from Ohio, that if he will
inquire into the characters of the men who were in
this House twenty years ago, and compare them
with those who are here now, it is possible that
he may find quite as much difference in the men
as in the tone and temper of the debates.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think not.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, Well, sir, I will not-far-
ther discuss that point. I will remark, however,
that the regulation and government of a body as
large as this, especially when those who compose
it arc controlled by bad passions, was almost an
impossible task, when for weeks we were without
a regular presiding officer—a Speaker; but it turns
out that now, when we have at last secured a pre-
siding officer, we have not secured the observance
of good order or decorum. I have seen, during the
present session, the Speaker over and over again
peremptorily call members to order; and I submit
to this House whether such an instance has ever
occurred as a member taking his seat -when xo
called to order, notwithstanding the existence of
a positive standing rule of the House, requiring
that when a member is called to order he shall take
his seat. From its simplicity, I have.supposed it
is the only rule of the House that is well under-
stood; yet it is one which I have never known to
be complied with.
Now, sir, I do not envy the position of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn] as the
chairman of the select committee to revise the *
rules; for I venture the assertion, and think it will
prove true, as a general proposition, that no man
is fit to be a member of Congress who knows very
much about the rules, unless he be the Speaker of
the House. [Laughter.] Sir, if you will look at
the history of the most distinguished men who
have been connected with this body, and in the
public service, and who have been most efficient
xn conducting its business, you will find that they
seldom or never raised questions of order. I think
their example worthy of imitation, and without
claiming for myself any of their great qualities,!
will say that I have been a member of Congress
now some four years, and I .do not think I have
ever raised a question of order during that period
of time; and, in fact, I never knew, or cared,
whether a member was in order or out of order,
if he behaved himself.
But, Mr. Chairman, we have agreat many vig^-
ilant guardians of our rules—more than we have
of the public interests, and so far as my observa-
tion extends, these peculiar watchers of the rules
have wasted more time in discussing mere ques-
tions of order than has been consumed in legiti-
mate debate. I say that without the slightest
disrespect to any one.
Now, sir, I remarked that the rules of the House
require that when a member is called to order, he
shall take his seat, and retain it until the member
calling him to order has stated his question of
order, and the Speaker has decided it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I call the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to order.
[Mr. Etheridge immediately took his scat
amidst shouts of laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland will state his point of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland My point of
order is, that the gentleman has been indulging in
a lecture to the House, rather than in debate upon
the pending proposition; but, sir, as he has done
it gracefully, and as he has evinced by his action
recently a promptitude to practice upon his own
teachings, I withdraw it [Laughter.]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Chairman, this is an
incident which I think is very suggestive. Stran-
gers, who may be observing the attitude of the
assembly now gathered around me, will, I feel
sure, be inclined to ejaculate, " How pleasant it
is for brethren to dwell together in harmony."
[Laughter.]
A Member. The biblical reading is "in unity."
Mr. ETHERIDGE. It is just the same. How-
ever, I did not propose to quote the Scriptures,
but merely to give expression to my own idea.
[Laughter.]
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham]
suggests that we ought to abolish the hour rule.
So far as I am concerned, I feel no particular so-
licitude on the subject. I thinlc, however, that the
