1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
Being thus known to them, they must be held to have con-
tracted in \^ew and in adoption of it, as part and parcel of
their engagement with the Department. In strictness, then,
the Department has their consent to the rule of curtailment
as completely as it has it to the abstract power to curtail.
Third quciy: "Why the rule applied to one contractor
is not applied to all.1'
To the geneial rule of curtailment, as stated, exceptions
have from time to time been allowed. The cases, however,
have been extremely rare, and the circumstances surround-
ing them have been peculiar and urgent; and the relaxa-
tion of the rule has always been in favor of the contractor.
During the past year, curtailments occurred on three of the
great frontier routes leading to the Pacific; and the amount
of compensation awarded for the service retained was some-
what above what the fro rata principle would have war-
ranted. in consequence of the bolder character of these
routes, and the fact that they were wholly dependent for
their maintenance on the earnings of the postal service, and
in consequence of the representation made that, by the cur-
tailment, a large amount of stock would be thrown upon the
hands of the contractors, in a remote region of country,
where such stock could not be sold or made available tor
other purposes, it was deemed but just that the lule, gen-
eially inflexible, should be made to yield to the pressuie of
these unusual circumstances, in order that meritorious pub-
lic servants might be saved from bankruptcy anc^ruin. This
action was within the range of the discretion exercised by
my predcccssois, and is believed to have been fully justified
by the consideiauons referred to.
The fourth inquiry is regarded as answered by the reply
already given to the three preceding interrogatories.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT,
Postmaster General.
Hon. W. IIelmick, Howe of Representatives.
Before the reading of the letter was concludcd,
the Chairman announced that the gentleman's five
minutes had expired.
Mr. BURNETT. I have watched the clock
with especial reference to the reading of this.let-
ter. The gentleman from Indiana was allowed to
speak in favor of his amendment exactly eleven
minutes; and now I ask that this letter may be
readl
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that debate upon this
amendment was closed yesterday, and the gentle-
man from Indiana was allowed to speak only by
unanimous consent. If no objection be made,
however, the Chair will permit the remainder of
the letter to be read.
No objection being made, the Clerk resumed
and concluded the reading.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 desire merely to say to my
friend from Kentucky, that he did not look at the
clock exactly right when he discovered that I had
spoken eleven minutes.
No objection being made, Mr. Colfax's amend-
ment was withdrawn
[The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the President of the United States,
by James Buchanan, his Private Secretary, noti-
fying the House that he had approved and signed
a bill and joint resolution of the following titles:
An act to furnish additional mail facilities; and
A joint resolution for the relief of Thomas C.
Ware.
The committee then resumed its session.]
Mr. COX. I have an amendment which I de-
sire to suggest to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to come in in the thirteenth
line, by which Ohio and Pennsylvania shall be
included in theoperation of that clause of the bill.
The clause reads:
That the Postmaster General is hereby directed to restore
the inland service on ajl the routes under contract on the
4th of March, 1&>9, unless the same have cxpiied by then-
own limitation.
The reason of my offering the amendment is
this: it is known that in these States the mail
contracts expire on the 30th of June, 1860, and
that a new letting will very soon take place. The
Department has already advertised for contracts.
My object, therefore, is that Ohio and Pennsyl-
vania shall not be discriminated against in the
restoration of this mail service.
Mr. SHERMAN, I desire to say to my col-
league, that his amendment would not, under any
circumstances, be necessary, and would be inop-
erative; because, if the service in those States has
expired, the Postmaster General has the right to
put upon all existing post routes such service as
he may deem proper. Pie may restore any ser-
vice, or he may put service on routes on which it
has not heretofore been placed.
Mr, COX. My object is not to put service on
any new routes; but 1 think that Congress should |
provide for placing upon the old routes the same j
service which was placed upon them before the j
reduction took place, as it is proposed to do in all
the other States.
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that I think the provision as it now
stands in the bill, if rightly construed by the De-
partment, covers what he desires to accomplish.
Mr. COX. That is what I wanted to know.
I understood the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads once to state that
it would require a judicial construction in refer-
ence to Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Mr. COLFAX. I believe such to be the fact.
The construction of the scction would, of course,
have to be made; but I think it could be decided
in no other way.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, I do not want to have
the necessity uf any judicial construction.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not think the gentle-
man need have any fear; the bill evidently covers
the whole country.
Mr. COX. I believe I still have the floor. I
wish to state that there are certain routes in my
district, the mail service on which has been cut
down, and which will not be restored if left to the
discretion of the Postmaster General, either under
the old contracts or on any new letting. It is im-
portant service; and I think it is within the dis-
cretion of Congress to order them to restore it.
This bill proposes to order such restoration in all
the other States: and I wish to make provision
that no discrimination shall be made against Ohio
and Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a word to say in
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, if he insists on a vote being taken
upon it.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Indiana states
that my object is covered by the provision as it
stands. I will therefore withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the
withdrawal of the gentleman's amendment, and
have something to say upon it.
Mr. StIERMAN. If the gentleman from Vir-
finia objects to the withdrawal of the amendment,
have the floor.
Mr. Chairman, the service on all the routes in
operation on the 4th day of March, 1859, is re-
stored by this proviso, and among others on all
the routes in Ohio and Pennsylvania, as well as
every other State in the Union. The mail ser-
vice of the country was more extensive on the
4th of March, 1S59, than at any other period, and
that day is fixed in this proviso simply for the
reason that it was the day on which the Post Of-
fice appropriation bill was lost by the disagree-
ment of the two Houses. This proviso restores
all the service then in operation, whether in Ohio,
Pennsylvania, or in any other part of the Union,
no matter when the confraus may have expired.
Mr. COX then, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to strike out the en-
tire proviso.
Now, Mr. Chairman,! call the attention of the
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Craig] to certain
remarks of his yesterday, in which he purported
to give the substance of a letter received from the
Postmaster General. His statementis as follows:
" The Postmaster General, in his reply, regrets his con-
dition, and concludes by stating—and I call the attention of
gentlemen to it, for it is an sin<uver to all that has been said
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith]—-that the De-
partment regrets any losses that the contractoi may sustain
by the annulment of his contract; but as the course adopted
by the Po«tmrnt«r General was forced upon him by Con-
gress, that body will, no doubt, indemnify all who have sus-
tained damage through its action."
Now,sir,I call the gentleman's attention to this
statement, to say that I believe he does the Post-
master General injustice by it. It must be ap-
parent to every gentleman here, if this proviso
is retained m the bill, that, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] an addi-
tional deficiency will be created of not less than
§2,000,000. From the information which I have
received at the Post Office Department, my judg-
ment is that it will go beyond that amount.
I differ, furthermore, with the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; in their statement
that this bill will not restore the Tehtfan tepee route,
for which we paid §250,000 a year, and through
which we received, in the shape of postages, only
$4,000. I think this bill will restore that route;
and it is the ODinion of gentlemen who know much
more about this postal service than I do, that it
will restore it. -
In this connection I desire also to say that it is
proposed by this bill, not only to restore this
entire service, but to do it without reference to
whether the service is needed in every instance
or not. I desire to call the attention of the two
gentlemen from Missouri who yesterday, with
my friend from Illinois, complained so bitterly
of the hardships to which their constituents had
been subjected, and of the outrages which had
been committed upon them by the curtailment of
their mail service, to the fact that not upon a sin-
gle route upon which that service has been re-
duced has there ever been collected anything like
the amount of money expended in carrying the
mails. But the amount received in the way of
postages is greatly disproportionate to the amount
drawn from the Treasury for carrying the mails
upon those different routes, both m the district of
the gentleman from Illinois, and in the districts
of the two gentlemen from Missouri. If the gen-
tleman had examined critically the letter of the
Postmaster General giving the reasons why he
discontinued these mail services, he would have
seen that that officer was actuated by motives of
the highest consideration, and that his object was
to curtail the service upon routes where the post-
ages were disproportionate to the cost of carrying
the mails. My district has suffered in that way,
and so have the districts of other gentlemen; and
the Postmaster General, in his report, which I
hold in my hand, shows the ground of his action
in reference to every route which he has discon-
tinued. And I tell gentlemen that if this proviso
is continued in this bill, 1 hope the House will
vote down the whole bill.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. In'reply to what
the gentleman from Kentucky has said in refer-
ence to the extract which he read from my re-
marks yesterday, I have only to say, that I read
from a letter signed by one whom 1 regard as a
model officer of this Government, the Second As-
sistant Postmaster General, who has charge of
the contract department of that branch of the pub-
lic service. I gave the substance of that letter
correctly. It is upon the files of this House,and
I got my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Adams} to
get it for me yesterday for the punpose of reading
it. And I would have read it entirely, but for the
fact that 1 had not time, in the five minutes allowed
me, to read the whole letter and still have any time
for dicussion. Therefore,! contented myself with
a statement of its contents, and I repeat, that the
version I gave of it was fair and strictly correct.
And now I desire to return the compliment
which the gentleman from Kentucky saw fityes-
terday to give my State and my district, and
which he has pleased to renew to-day. While I
did not desire yesterday, and do not to-day, to
raise any question as to the good faith of the Post-
master General—for I never intended to charge
him with anything, except a little stinginess—yet
the gentleman from Kentucky, and the friends of
the Postmaster General, seemed desirous to drive
us to the wall, or else to make us attack his friend.
We did not want to do either. And I say to the
gentleman now, that I will not attack the integ-
rity of his friend; 1 will say that had lie treated
my State as he did treat Kentucky, I would not
have been here making any charges against him.
1 have given the report of the Postmaster General
but a hasty review; but if I am correct in my in-
formation derived therefrom, I will tell the gen-
tleman from Kentucky—and he was the first to
throw stones yesterday—that his State lacks
§212,000 of paying back to the revenues of this
country what is paid out of the Treasury for
carrying her mails, and for expenses of her post
offices.
And I will tell the gentleman that I find another
thing—I may not be accurate to a dollar and cent,
and I make the statement subject to any correc-
tion in that respect which the gentleman sees fit
to make—that there is a deficit in the State of
Kentucky of $212,000 per annum; and not only
that, but when the PostmasterGeneral commenced
putting the knife to these contractors; and if the
gentleman will look to his own State with only
half the scrutiny he applies to other States, he
will find my assertion true—he found that it was
necessary to retrench only $14,000 in the State of
Kentucky.
Nov/, if the gentleman will strike out the Call-
