172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,"
Republican party Now, sir, I hold that no man
who claims to be a Democrat, or who is a Dem-
ocrat in heart and in principle, ought to give aid
or comfort, by his vote or by his voicc, to the
Republican party upon this floor.
Now, gentlemen, we who compose the ma-
jority of the members upon this floor all agree
upon one thing, and that is: that the Republican
party organization of the North is purely a sec-
tional organization; and we must all agree that
the inevitable result of the organization of sec-
tional parties in this country must be the rupture
of the American Union. I ask you if we have
not met here to-day, face to face, that identical
state of facts which the Father of his Country, in
his Farewell Address, warned the American people
against allowing to exist? I ask you if we do not
find, and have not found, since 1856, the organ-
ization of a great party based wholly on geo-
graphical lines? The Republican party is a purely
sectional party. Their great leader, Mr. Seward,
in his Rochester speech, enunciated the doctrine
that there is an irrepressible conflict between the
North and South—between free labor and slave
labor.
I know not what could have induced him to
announce this belief on his part. Ambition some-
times will lead men to go to a greater extent than
any other passion. It may be, but it is not for
me to question his motives, that with his eye fixed
upon the presidential chair, he knows that the
only way he can reach it is by appealing to sec-
tional passion and sectional prejudice.
Why, sir, if any proof were required of the fact
that the Republican party is aggressingupon the
rights of the people of the South, it may be found
in the platform of that party in the northwestern
States. The platform of the Republican party in
my .own State contains doctrines which arc inim-
ical to the rights of the South, and the rights of
the North even, under the Federal Constitution.
• They distinctly asseverate, sir, that they will resist
the execution of the fugitive slave law. They
denounce that law as unconstitutional. They say
distinctly that they will never allow another slave
State to come into the American Union. Look at
the State of Massachusetts, with her personal lib-
erty act; look at my own State, with her habeas
coi*pu$ act, referred to by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Curry;] look at the fact that a very
large proportion of Christum ministers who fill
the pulpits of the North are members of the Repub-
lican party, and that they persistently denounce
African slavery as a sin against God and human-
ity. We see sectional church organizations; we
see those church organizations fostered and kept
alive purely by this antagonism in the North to
the institution of slavery in the South. In the
State of Ohio a distinguished gentleman, who has
occupied the bench there ever since my own boy-
hood days, has been ostracised by the Republican
party for daring to stand up and deride the fugi-
tive slave law to be constitutional.
And, Mr. Clerk, here is this gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin-,1 who has only furnished his
complexion to the Republican party—would to
God he had imbued them with some of his national
principles—here, sir, is that gentleman standing
alone mhis position so far as I am able to observe.
He claims upon this floor that he is a representa-
tive of the Republican party of the State of Ohio
and of the Republican party of the Union. It is
not so. His sentiments enunciated in the States
of "Wisconsin, Michigan, Minnesota, and Iowa
wouldbedenouneed asDemoeraticsentiments. He
never could run as a Republican candidate in either
of those States. Does he say that he will never
vote for the admission of another slave State?
Docs he say that he believes the fugitive slave law
to be unconstitutional ? Does he say that he will
resist the operation of that law? No, sir; he docs
not say so: but he stands upon the Philadelphia
platform.
Mr. Clerk, [ will tell you where the trouble is.
In their national convention, the Republican party
endeavored to frame a national platform. They
attempt to make their party national; but when
they go to State conventions they frame a different
sort of platform. When they go upon the stump
they talk different sentiments from those contained
in their national platform. I have heard, time
and again, Republican orators before the people
denouncing slavery as a curse, and slaveholders
as monsters. They appeal to the feelings of the
people, and take advantage of them, for the pur-
pose of getting seats upon this floor. When they
get here, however, they announce different senti-
ments from those they have declared at home.
Let me ask my anti-Lecompton friends why it
is that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Qorwin]
acts with the Republican party? Why simply
because, .while that party is wrong, he will re-
main inside the organization, and therein correct
the wrong. That is what we should do at all
times; but I fear that he cannot do it. I fear that
it will be utterly impossible for him to nation-
alize the Republican party.* I know that it will
be impossible for him to curry along with him,
upon the Philadelphia platform, any large portion
of the Republican party of the Northwest. He
denounces the Helper book, but his candidate for
Speaker does not. He denounces the Brown
raid, but Governor Chase does not.
Now, sir, I ask why it is that with these facts
before us, with this Helper book issued and cir-
culated for the purpose of exciting bad passions
against the people of the South—I ask why it is
that the Republican candidate for Speaker does
not rise in his place and denounce the infamous
sentiments of that book ? Will it not go before the
country, because of his silence, that he approves
of it? I do not say that he fears to lose votes if
he gets up on the floor and denounces that book.
He may have his own policy; but, sir, I tell him
that his silence upon this floor, upon this matter,
carries with it the significant fact that he does
indorse that Helper book.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it will not be denied by gen-
tlemen upon the other side, that there is a large
and controlling element in the Republican party
which is in favor of making aggression upon the
rights of the people of the South. They will not
deny that there is a large and controlling portion
of that party which is opposed to the execution
of the fugitive slave law. They will not deny
that there is a large element of that party which
will never submit to the admission of another
slave State into the Union. And, sir, they will
not deny that, without that clement, that strength,
they cannot carry a single northern State, or a
single congressional district. And yet. how is it
when they come here? Has a man got up upon
this floor to represent the peculiar views of Hor-
ace Greeley? Has anybody got up to enunciate
the opinions of the Wisconsin Republican party,
or of the Republican party of Minnesota, of
Michigan, or of Iowa ? No, sir; notone. Is there
a man upon that side of the House who will say,
in his place, that he will never vote for the ad-
mission of another slave State into the Union?
Is there n man there who will say that he will
resist the fugitive slave law? Not one of them ha??
risen in his place to say these tilings. Why do
they keep silencer Why is it, when they know
the fact that, the South is justlv indignant and ex-
cited at the sentiment" of the Republican party m
the North, that they allow two or three men, who
have hearts ;md intellects moved with a love for
the Union, to speak for them? Why do they
keep silence, and permit sentiments to be ex-
pressed as theirs, when they do not entertain
them?
Howgroat, sir, will be the responsibility of those '
gentlemen from the North or the South who v. ill j
aid in any way the election of the repivsf ntative !
of the peculiar sentiment we denounce. Whether \
they be South Americans, or whether they b^tuiti- j
Lecompton Democrats, how great is their respons- 1
ibility! I hope', gentlemen, that, befoie you take 1
another ballot, you may reflect that what you may !
do indirectly may do as great injury to your ;
organization ax anything you may do directly. 1
These anti-Lecompton Democrats who do not act
with me and those around me, as I understand it, .
notwithstanding they were elected outside of the ;
Demoi uitic organization, yet were clected as Dem-
ocrats. Thcv were elected enunciating Demo- ;
cratie. principles. They were elected upon their
pledges to support, not the Philadelphia, but the :
Cincinnati platform. Any action, therefore, upon '
their part, or non-action, which leads to Republi- :
can success, is a violation of their pledges before ;
the people. I care not whether their course is I
action or non-action; they were elected as Demo- '<
erats, and not Republicans. ]
Now, sir, I have never had any doubt but that I
the raid of John Brown at Harper's Ferry was !
the legitimate result of the teachings of an ex- !
treme wing of the Republican party of the North;
not the teachings of such men as the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] or the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kilgore,] who have here de-
nounced it; but of men who occupy the pulpits of
the North, of such papers as the New York Tri-
bune, of such men as Wendell Phillips—that it
is the result of such teachings, and that it can be
ascribed to no other.
1 have listened upon this floor with great pain
to statements made by southern men, calmly,
coolly, and deliberately, of what is the state of
public sentiment m their own sections of the
Union. I refer not now to the passionate appeals
of some gentlemen; I refer not now to the indig-
nant denunciations of others; but I refer to the
calm and deliberate statements of gentlemen who
are advanced in years, who have occupied for a
long time seats upon this floor, who are recog-
nized, even by gentlemen upon the other side, as
national men, sound men, intelligent, and patri-
otic men—statements made by those men that
there is imminent danger thai the South must
divide from the North.
Sir, I have never until recently allowed myself
to think for one moment that a dissolution of the
American Union was a possible thing. But, sir,
I am constrained to say that if men's passions
are worked upon as they have been for a few*
years past; if the North shall persistently excite
feeling against the South and the South reecho
it against the North, that the dissolution of the
Union is not a question of time, but that it may
be now here, though we may be going through
the forms of Government. You may be sitting
upon this floor thinking you are representing
constituencies at home, but I tell you that when
men can be arrayed against each other, as we
see they are here, one little, overt act, one step
too far, may precipitate that result which we all
say wo fear. Now, sir, J have always thought
that this Government of ours was like a perpetual
motion; that it would run itself; that it would
run in spite of politicians and not because of any
assistance tlmy could render to it. I want to think
so yet, and i" want to see the lime come, and
come shortly, when men may meet together upon
this floor like brothers, join in social intercourse,
join hand in hand to cairy out those public meas-
ures which aie necessary for the good of the
country; when northern men can go to the South
and southern men go to the North, and each be
received by the other like brothers.
But, sir, 1 fear we have reached the legitimate
and necessary result of these passionate appeals
to sectional prejudices. Gentlemen may say here
that they meant nothing when they incorporated
such principles into their platforms—the doctrine
of resistance to the extension of slavery, and the.
doctrine that,undcrno conceivable circumstances,
will they allow another slave State to be admitted
into the Union. You may come here and take
back those words, or explain away their signifi-
cance, but of what avail is it? A man may go
into the streets and collect a mob around him,
may appeal to their passions, and ho may not
mean what he says; but can he tell how the men
that hear him may act ? can he tell how many
John Browns may be in the ciowd who may prac-
ticalize his teachings upon the first occasion? So
it is with the enunciation of the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, the leader of the Republican
party, that there is an irrepressible conflict be-
tween free and slave labor. Suppose it were true
as an abstract proposition, no great leader of a
great party in this country should have enunciated
such a doctrine; no leader, no patriot, would have
crystallized it into expression or publicity. It
may be the truth, though 1 do not admit it, and
in the minds of some men it may be a philosoph-
ical fact, that there is a conflict between free and
slave labor.* A gentleman may have entertained
that sentiment with sincerity, but does it become
him. knowingthe fact that slavery exists m south-
ern States by virtue of the guarantees of the Federal
Constitution, to enunciaie it in any public speech?
How does he know how many John Browns may
hear him who will carry out his teachings, not in
the way he desired to have them carried out, but
ni a way that they rm^ht seek out for themselves ?
There is one other significant facr: and that is,
that you never hear a Republican speaker, either
here or at the hustings, denouncmo; abolition sen-
