3080:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
ten and twelve o'clock in the morning, compare the polls,
ascertain the correctness of the summing up ot the votes,
and in case of an election lor a Representative in Congress,
it rs made the duty of the board of examiners of each coun-
ty, imwcf/wrfeJi/aiter the examination of the poll-books, to
make out three or more certificates in writing, over their
signatures, of the, number of votes given m each county
for each candidate lor -aid office ; one of the certificates
to be retained  n the clerk's office, another the cieik shall
send- by the next mail, under cover, to the secretary of
State at Frankfort, and the other to be transmitted to the
secretary by any private convejance the clerk may sclect.
The Governor, attorney general, and secretary of State,
and in the absence of either, the auditor 01 any two of
them, are a hoard for exam ming the returns of elections for
Representatives m Confess and certain State officers.
The State bontd w required when the returns are all in,
or on the fouith Monday aftei an election, whether they
are in or out. to make out. in the seciclary's office, fiom the
returns made, duplicate certificates m wiiting, over their
Mgnatuies, of the election of those having the highest num-
ber of votes.
These ate the main feature* of the law prescribing the
mode of canvassing the votes awl ascertaining there>ultof
an election in Kentucky 5 and jour committee believe from
an examination of the evidence and exhibits m the case,
With the exception.of a single precinct, (which we shall
IieteaUor relci to,) these requnements weie substantially
complied with.
The voting is i im vocc; the name of each voter and of
the candidate for whom he votes being publicly cued by
the fcheutf 01 his deputy, and recorded by the elcik,
'According to the Humming up anil certificate' ot the board
of State canvasser', of the whole number of vote.' cast, Mr.
' Anderson received 7,204, and Mr. Chiisman 7,201.
The county boards of the respecti\e counties nirl ac-
cording to law, and ascertained, a  was their duty, lie' coi-
rectne^s of the summing up ot the votes in the different
precincts of each count}. and transmitted tin* result of then
labors to the boaid of State canvassers at i'ranktoi t.
The following is a summary of tiie vote in each of the
counties:
. Qndcrso it. Ck 1 isman.
Adair    547 1,037
Bojle  769 303
Casey  696 418
Clinton  -B2 578
Cumberland  652 3G8
Greene    482 681
Lincoln  935 440
Pulaski 1,214 1,375
Russell     479 432
Taylor....   357 648
Wuyiie  741 831
7.004 7,201
These returns having been canvassed by the State board,
who met and proceeded according to law, the certificate oi
election, as bctore stated, was awarded to Mr. Anderson.
,In the noticc of contest there are several grounds set
forth upon which the contestant bases his claim to the
«ent. The sitting member has responded fully to the chai <ies
made, and denies their existence in point of fact. The
committee do not deem it necessity to ie!'er to all the
giounds of contest setfoi tli in the notice and 1 espouse.
The issue turns upon tluee points, ami to these youi
committee have direeted then investigations.
By the laws of Kentucky, the election having been hold
on-the 1st day of August, if will he remembered that it was
the duly of the county can va^se/s to can va>s the 1 et in tis> sent
in from the.several voting pi ocincts on the 4ih of August, and
transmit the icsult to the State boaid immediately. This,
your committee believe, was done m every instance.
it iscems, however, that after the board of can vaster- for
the county of Boyle had discharged this official duty, and
bioken up, a supposed mistake of 4 votes, to the piejudice
of the sitting member, was discoveredand in oi'der to
eovrect this,-the board reassembled on thy lOth of August,
made a recount, and transmitted an amended certificate to
the State boaid.
This aim nd'-d eeilifieate the State boaid icfu*ed to ic-
eeive, giving as a reason thoreloi that tlie county boaid had
no ibxbt, aftei they had discharged a particulai duty 111 the
manuci and at the time and place i* quired by law, to act
further 111 the premises.
In other words, that their power over the subject-matter
had ceased, and they had 110 lougei a legal existence.
The same state of facts existed also in the eounty of
Adan, in which, after the votes had been summed up, and
the result tiansmitted to the State board, a mistake of 1
vote to the prejudice of Anderson wa« discovered. F01 the
reasons above stated, the fcJtato board declined to receive
the amended certificate fiotn the eounty of Adair.
hi the county of Cumberland it was discovered that in
vegistenng the votes in one or the precincts a mistake of
10 votes to the piejudice of the contestant hadoccuired
and al o that he sustained a loss of 4 votes fiom their hav-
ing been incorrectly recoided.
On the IiJt.ii of August, two of the county boards of this
county met for the purpose of correcting these mistakes,
and certified to the State board the tacts herein stated. The
Stare board aNo declined to iceeive this supplemental cer-
tificate. In so dome, they gave their rea^ous at length ; and
as their opinion is a pai t of the iccoid in this ease, we beg
leave to submit it to the consideration ot the House. It is
piopcrtosaydiat this board is composed oi Jeyal gentlemen
o« eminence, whose opinions upon the eon<ti uetion of the
laws of then own State is entitled to much weight.
Hem.—The above certificate is based on returns regu-
larly made out and cettifieel by the respective boaids ot ex-
aminers 011 the day fixed by law, and duly returned to the
secictaiy of'State. An amended ictui 11 was forwaided
from Bojle count}, certifying that there was a mi?rako of
jour vote® against W. C. Anderson, as appeared by a ic-
examinaiioii and scrutiny of the poll-books. Appended to
this coireeled return is a statement by the clerk, that after
thf examineis had given the certificate of the vote of the
county, he, the clerk, had loaned the poll-books from his
office to some gentleman, who discovered the error which
is attempted to be corrected, and reported it to the examin-
ers, who, on reexamination, found it was so. After this,
and after all the returns for the distuct were in, letters weie
filed with the secretaiy,stating that the examiners of Cum-
beiland county had made a mistake in their ceitifieate of
the vote of that county, and time was asked to have it cor-
rected. This was granted in oider that all questions might
be fairly made, and a decision had upon the (acts as they
existed. An amended certificate from Cumberland county
was aecoidingly forwaided to thosccietaiy, stating that the
vote of VV. C. Anderson in that eounty was 601), and that
of J. S. Cbrisman 380. A ceitificate was also filed from
the eounty of Adair, stating that there was a clerical mis-
take of one vote against Arider-on.
We have felt constrained, in the exercise of our best
judgment on the proper consti action of the law, to reject
all these amended returns,and to issue the ceitifieate ac-
cording to the original leturns made to the secretaiy of
State.
The law in 1 elation to elections provides that the judges
shall attend to the summing up of the votes, ccitny tlie
poll books, and deliver them in a sealed envelope to the
sheriff. The fame law leqmte* that each judge shall retain
a duplicate statement of the summing up ot his piecinct,
which, m a contingency named, may be used as evidence
of the vote. It also icquiies that the poll-books ol the dif-
ferent piecincts shall, within two days after tlie election,
he deposited by the sheriff with the clerk of the county
eouit, and 011 the next day thereafter the board of exam-
iners shall compare them, ascertain the concctue*s ot the
summing up, and make out three written certificates m the
case of a Representative in Congioss, coitiljingtlio number
of votes given 111 tlie county loi each ot the candidates;
one ot which certificate's, is to be retained m the clerk's
office, anothei loiwatd.d by mail to the secietary of State,
and the thud sent to the secretary by any puvate convey-
ance. We, as a fc'tate board, are to act on the iciuins thus
made, and make out triplicate eejLificates ol those having
the highest number ol votes; and out functions as exam-
iners do not moie cleaily cease when we have made our
certificate of election, than in oui opinion do tho-e of the
county examines alter they have ceitificd the lull vote of
tlie county, if this be not the just and pi oper conduction
of the law, why iceju.rc the poll book.-, to bo scaled when
they pavf, out of the hands of the judge* ol election ? If
acoriection can be made nine (lay>> alter the poll-books arc
unsealed and opened to the inspection of whoever mr$y
choote to examine them, 01 aitet they have been taken out
of the cleik's office, theie would be but little ellieacy in
icqmring them to be sealed in the fust instance.
If such additional ictuins are legal, the State board of
examineis would be bound to icceive and act on whatevei
eonecaon should be made befoic then certificates were
given ; and as their functions ate confined to the summing
up of the votes, they would be precluded lrom any inquiry
as to the manner in which such corrections weie brought
about. They could not institute an niqunj as to whether
01 not the poll-books had been changed 01 alleied alter the
seals were broken and they had passe d into other hands
than the examiners. The amended certificates would, 111
all cases, necessanly be eonelu-ive on the examiiieis heie.
We think, therefore, it i-< clear, when the county board
have acted on the poll-books ol the whole county, and dc-
liveted then certificate- to the clerk, who has tiansmitted
them to Hie i-ceietai), that their (mictions cease, and they
have no power to lecall or change those eeitihcates
The supposed analogy between this case and that of the
i-peeial judicial eleelioii in 1857, will be found, on exam-
ination, not to exist. In that iiN', .n 111 this, time was
given for the corieetion ot a suppo-ed eiror in Meade
county of 12 votes against Mr. Bullitt, so that a decision
might be had upon the effect oi such corteclion, hut as
the oonection, if made and allowed, would not have
changed the result of the election, 110 decision was had by
the boanl 011 the question.
In the judicial election the certificate first forwarded to
the M'eietaiy fiom tlie county of ilai-t.gave Wheat 122 votes.
The ^tale bo.'ttd ot examiners, beioie this ceitifieate \\a->
acted on, weie notified that theie was aelctieal mistake in
copying this ceitifieate a^ to tlie nuuilnn ot vote.-, ea*>t for
Wheat, and that the other two eeitificatess, made out at
the same tune, comamed the fine number ot votes aceotd-
mg to tlie poll-boo|f<. One of these eeitificates was tians-
mitted to the s.'oieiaiy, showing that Wheat had received
222 votes, instead of "122. We thu> had two original cer-
tificates which weie authonml by law tu be sent 10 the sec-
rct.ny, and the question was, winch was ught? TbeelerK
and examineis made affidavit that the last one sent 'was an
exact copy oi the one on file in the clerk's office, and con-
tained the correct result of the poll-books, and our action
vas aecotdingly based on the last one.
The evannu'eis of Nel-on county fiist
county fiist sent a certificate
of the votes ol that county, oia/ing on its jacc that they had
not included the vote ot the iJioomficid pieunoi, ao they
had not teeeived it. They afteivvaids forwarded an addi-
tional certificate, giving the vote ot .that piecinct, which
had. m due ume, been delivered by the s.henll, undeiseal,
to the deputy cieik, and by neglect had not been laid bctore
the examineis. They did not attempt to make any change
111 the \ote of the piec-met, which they had before certified,
but ceititi<-d the vute 01 the precinct thus 1 eturncd und< 1
M-al by them. The vote ot tins piecinct ua< counted in
favor of Mi. Bullitt, simply on the giound that, as the law
tequiied the examineis to act on the'booksot each precinct,
their duty did not cease until they had soacted. Uut in no
instance'did they attempt to recount the voles of any pie-
cinct after it had been once eei title d.
It is pioper to add, that a distinction was made at the
time, by the ewamiueis, betwen the ease a^ presented by
this special election, and ihc corieetion 01 tlie poll-books
attei they had been certified by the eounty exramneis, and
the collection's weie allowed on the express giound that
they did not involve tlie legality ol a resciutmy and icex-
anunauoii of the vote as ccTufied. It may not be improper
also to state, that when the amended return fiom Boyle was
filed, and beioie it was known wiiat effect it was to have
on tlie result, the opinion of the tudersigned Is known to
have been adverse to its reception.
Given under our hands this 29th of August, 1859.
C. S. MOREflEAD.
MASON BROWN, Sarretory of State.
JAMES IIAULAN, attorney General.
After a careful examination of the laws pies'cubing the
mode of canvassing, summing, and leturning the vote-, by
the officers of the precinct, county, and State boards, your
committee concur in the conclusion arrived at by the board
of State canvassers. They believe the action of the board
was in strict conformity with the statutes of Kentucky.
Your committee, however, do not suppose that the ac-
tion of the State boaid is final and conclusive upon this
House. In every ca=e of a contested election we believe
it to bo the duty of the liou e,by its constituted agents,to
go behind all certificates, for the purpose of mqunina into
and correcting all mistakes winch may be brought to its
notice.
Entertaining these views, if the mistakes above men-
tioned were the only ones which oecuired in the district,
the eontestant.would undoubtedly be entitled to the seat
now occupied by the silting member.
I>ut having once opened the eonte-4, the sitting member,
as wrll as the contestant, with a degtee of zeal and in-
dustry almost without a paiallel, enteied upon a searching
investigation and puigation ot the polls in the entue dis-
trict. The whole time allowed by law was consumed in
taking testimony, and the evidence, which fills two vol-
umes, containing neaily fifteen hundred pages, has been
submitted to your committee. The case was fully aigued
by both parties upon the law and the evidence.
After a careful investigation, we submit the following as
the conclusions to which we have arrived:
Fust, as to the coirection of the mistakes at the different
polls
The ofliicial vote for Anderson was 7,204
To this we add the following votes cast foi Ander-
son, but through mistake not counted for him :
A mistake 111 Bo>le county in adding up  4
A mistake in recording the vote of William 11. Bow-
man. of l oyle county  1
Ami-take in recoidmg the vote ot limhatd I'ender-
grast, of Boyle county  1
A mistake in'recoiding the vote of James stout, oi
Lincoln county  &
A mistake in recotdirig the vote of II11 am Withers, of
Pulaski county     2
A mistake in lecordmg the vote ot Geoige It. Vaught,
of Pulaski county  1
A mistake in recording the vote of Fiank Uariison,of
Pulaski county .'  1
A mistake in recoidmg the vote of James Hunt, of
Wavne eounty    2
A mistake in recording the vote of Petei Phips, of
Wayne county  1
A mistake m recouiing the vote of fc>. M. Bilker, of
Adair county  1
A mistake in reeoi ding the vote ol A.J. Ycik, of Clin-
ton county  1
A mistake in erasing the names of the following peisons
from the poll list in Clinton county, alter they had
voted and left the polls, paid peisons having voted
for Anderson, namely, W. A. iSidvvell, Jesse Sid-
weil, and W. G. Ellis  3
A mistake in not lecouliugand count.in; foi Anderson
the votes of B. W. ISlo-s and C. B. Knkland, who
were legal and qualified voteis, and who ofiercd to
cast their votes tor Andei-on  2
A mistake in recouiing the votes of Delauy, Giiffm,
and Chilton, aftei the closing of the polls  3
Vote for Anderson, after collecting mistakes 7,229
The olhcial vote lor Chrismati was 7,2J1
To tins add the mistake at Kettle eieek precuict
in icgisteiing votes  10
A further mistake in said precinct  4
A mistake in recoidmg the vote of Nelson Pen-
deigia.-t  ^   2
A mistake in iceordmg the vote of Virgil P.
Moore, of Pulaski county  2
A mistake in recording the vote ot Ebenezcr P.
Ricc, of Wayne county  2
A mistake in iccoiding the vote ol Wilham Da-
vis, of Pulaski county  1
 7 222
Majority for Andci son  7
Thus it will be seen, that after coirocting all the mis-
takes m recoidmg votes, See., winch aie sustained b\ the
pioot, the sitting member has a ninjoiitv ot 7 votc«.
Both the contestant and the fitting member, in the notice
and an.swerfiled, call upon the committee to 1 eject the en
tire poll of ceitain precincts, because of alleged nregulari-
ties. Upon a caieful examination of the icturns from the
precinct-, objected to, weaie of opinion that the objections
are not sustained, save 111 one instance.
The poll-book from Casev piecinct, Casey county, is not
cci nfied to by any ot the ofheerd of the election, neither
judges nor clerk. Its coriectness is vouched for by no one.
(See printed testimony, vol. 1, page 449 )
Youi committee aie theieioie of opinion that tins pre-
cinct should not be counted.
The vote stood for Clirismiin  95
The vote stood for Anderson  49
Anderson's vote 7,229
Deduct Casey precinct  49
7,160
Chrisman's vote 7,222
Deduct Casev precinct  9^
*   7.127
Anderson's majority    53
We proceed now to a consideration of the illegal votes
cast for each party. In every case where the challenge is
