1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
abolition of that rule would have the good effcct
of bringing t® the discussion of important sub-
jects many of the ablest men on both sides of the
House, who, in consequence of it, are but seldom
heard.
This rule compresses a man of brains into so
small a compass as to dwarf all his enlarged and
liberal ideas; while it enables those of stupid na-
tures and contracted opinions, so to dilute their
notions as to spin out and exhaust at least sixty
minutes: [Great laughter.]
Wow, Mr. Chairman, if I were to attempt to
elaborate the subject of the day—the standing
question of " nigger"—and to submit a reply to
all that I have heard pro and con. upon it during
this session; if I were to attempt to controvert
erroneouslegal propositions, debate unsound con-
stitutional theories, I tell you candidly, it would be
impossible for me to get through within the space
of an hour. There are gentlemen here who, had
they been allowed to proceed without the perplex-
ing constraint of this rule, would, no doubt, long
since have elaborated the subject so fully and sat-
isfactorily as to have deterred others from at-
tempting to speak upon a subject upon which they
could offer nothing new. There was a memorable
instance of this kind during the struggle here to
elect a Speaker. "We have just been reminded by
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] that
our galleries are not often crowded. He certainly
could not have been alluding to the period ante-
rior to the election of a Speaker; for then, when
nobody respected rules, law, or order, the galleries
of this House were densely crowded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We had no hour
rule then.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. But to the incident to
which I was about to refer. A distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] carelessly rose
from his seat, and proceeded to address the House
at great length upon the various matters wliieh
arrested all our efforts to organize the House, and
especially upon the slavery question; and at the
conclusion of his calm, temperate, but elaborate
speech, he had thereby slaughtered every dimin-
utive Republican in the House of Representatives
so effectually, that until recently not a speech was
made on that side of the House on the subject
he so thoroughly discussed. True, within the last
few days, a few have been hurried in under the
hour rule. He discussed the whole subject for
two or three days, and almost every gentleman
upon the Republican side felt that the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, when lie closed, had ex-
pressed his views much better, more forcibly, and
more felicitously, than it could have been done
by the great body of the members of that party;
so much so that when lie had finished there was
not one of them who then desired to be heard.
[Laughter.]
Now I say to my friend from Ohio [Mr. Val-
landigham] that I am willing to abolish the hour
rule. I think its abolition will do great good
in more respects than one. In its operation it is not
unlike the law reforms, the revised codes of many
of the States. Many years ago, when the science
of special pleading was in favor, a practitioner had
to learn something of it before he could be a suc-
cessful lawyer. Then Chitty was considered the
^bridge or the pass to be forced, before it was
considered safe to intrust to any one the name of
lawyer. The science of special pleading was a
terror to lazy students and fools. A remedy must
be provided. Being unemployed in the courts,
a great many of these bad, briefless lawyers got
into the Legislatures of the several States, and
remembering their former sufferings and trials,
they concluded they would reform the practice,
codify the laws, and simplify matters they never
understood. In plain English, they concluded
to adopts series of legislative enactments, which,
when fairly translated, meant simply this: a sys-
tem of laws by which a very bad lawyer could
be made as good as a much better one. [Laugh-
ter.] The result has been in all the States where
revised codes and simplified practice have been
adopted, that lawyers are, in most cases, noth-
ing better than a revised edition of a mean con-
stable. [Renewed laughter.] So is it with this
hour rule, in its effect upon legitimate debate.
Mr. Chairman, memory is not an attribute of
reason. Some men, whs have no sense whatever,
have the faculty of committing to memory very
many nice things, which other people have first
Said. A member who is a little classical in his
attainments—who does not go filibustering about
town, but keeps closcly locked up in some quiet
room, surrounded by the writings of great men,
may, with the aid of agoorl memory, finally gather
together very many pretty things—a sort of med-
ley—
" Orient gems at random strung."
He can, I say, store them away until an oppor-
tunity is presented, when,for an hour, like one of
those traveling showmen we all remember to have
seen, he amuses us by pulling out of his literary
mouth a long string of oratorical ribbons of every
hue, color, and description. [Boisterousand pro-
tracted laughter.]
Perhaps I had better stop. [Cries of "No!"
"Go on!"] Very well, then; I took the floor
for the purpose, among other things, of making
an appeal to all sides of the House upon a matter
that deeply concerns us. I fear, however, that
my warning and my entreaties will not have much
eftect—that is, with those who do not knoiv me.
[Laughter,] I submit to gentlemen, and in all
sincerity, that whatever rules we do adopt, we
agree hereafter to enforce them. Were I disposed
to imitate examples, perhaps I could get up a
laugh at the expense of an inexperienced chair-
man—perhaps at your expense, Mr. Chairman—
by devoting myself two or three weeks to a search
for some obsolete rule that everybody had forgot-
ten, and then, by making apoint of order upon the
chairman, seek to embarrass him by a citation of
some long-forgotten rule. I do not know that I
would be delighted to do so, for I do not find
especial pleasure in such triumphs. I believe that
the readiest and best way for us to get along is
to have our rules, whatever they may be, enforced
by the Speaker, and to have obedience on the part
of the House. Every lawyer who has had a fifty
shilling fee, if there were no days of grace, and
commercial usage had never allowed any, would
not now desire any; but if they were two orfoxir
instead of three lie would not now want the rule
changed.
The question is not so much what is the par-
liamentary law, but enforcement of it on the part
of the Speaker, and especially obedience on the part
of the House. Tho report of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] if adopted, will have
no influence in expediting the business of the
House, or making this body a dignified body,
unless gentlemen first appeal to themselves—first
reform their own conduct. A great deal of party
prejudice finds its way into this Hall. A stranger
who visits the Capitol would sometimes imagine
that we were dividedinto armed bands, each ready
to give battle to the other. It is nothing uncom-
mon to hear a member allude to another substan-
tially as "the honorable the damned rascal on the
other side." [Great laughter.]
Mr. HILL. Ho precedes it with the desig-
nation, " my friend."
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Oh, yes! I made refer-
ence to no particular gentleman. But I will not
pursue the matter further. Every one will feel
that I could not have intended any personal ap-
plication of my remarks. [Laughter.] I.am will-
ing, if it would conduce to the dignity and good
order of the body, to concede that I am the worst
offender in this presence. I will suffer vicariously
if I can reform the manners of the House. [Laugh-
ter.] This is a grievous evil. It is bringing this
House into public scandal, infamy, and disgrace.
We ought to stop it. I suggest that, whatever
rule we adopt, we ought to agree to be true and
loyal to it; that we ought to agree to respect each
other's prejudices of birth and education. Then,
perhaps, we may hope to control these prejudices
Let us, if need be, take a "step backwards,"
for there is not one of us, I think, who will not
profit in so doing. None of us are sufficiently
great to be authorized to say, " I tread no step
backwards." Let us go back to our rules, and,
without regard to party or prejudice, let us main-
tain them. Let us cause gentlemen to know, that
when they cease to yield obedience to them, they
not only destroy their own dignity, but bring re-
proach upon the body itself
Mr. Chairman, I have said this much because,
for the last four or five weeks, I have felt inclined
to address myself privately to members, and to
entreat them to forget, for a while, party preju-
dice, and resolve to extricate the House from the
deserved censure it has suffered, for weeks past,
from a watchful people. I trust the House will
not regard what I have said in the light of a lec-
ture, but rather as an earnest but kind appeal,
pertinent and proper, I trust, to the occasion. I
desired to call tho attention of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] to it, for ho has made,
as he always does, wise and practical remarks
in regard to the evils of which he complains.
If he will go back behind the rules he will per-
ceive that the true remedy is for every member
to apply the reform, the remedy, to bimsolf.
The evil is in the conduct of members, not in the
rules.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What is the
question now before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. On the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] to
the eleventh amendment of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Letitbcread.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
question upon this amendment has been suffi-
ciently discussed, and I do not rise to add any-
thing to what has been said. I do not suppose
the House is prepared to return to the old system
out of which it emerged some fifteen or twenty
years ago; and I hope the committee will con-
sent to nave the question takon now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to propose an
amendment to this proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. As it is manifest that we
cannot get through this business to-night, I would
move that this subject be laid aside, and that we
now take up the Indian appropriation bill, as we
can accomplish its consideration now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let the vote be
taken upon the amendment first.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let the ques-
tion be taken upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham.] «
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this proposition. I desire to occupy tho
floor upon this subject, and I do not wish to lose
my privilege of offering an amendment to the
proposition reported by the committee. 1 am
willing that the question should be taken upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] if I retain my right to offer my
amendment.
The questi6n was stated to be upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Vallandigham, rescinding the hour
rule except with regard to written speeches.
Mr. Washburn of Maine, and Mr. Vallan-
digham were appointed to act as tellers.
The vote being taken, the tellers reported 54
in tho affirmative, and 70 in the negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to lay aside the sub-
ject under consideration, for the purpose of taking
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. With the con-
sent of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
I desire to state that this subject of the revision of
the rules was made the special order for to-day,
and from day to day until the subject was com-
pleted, and consequently to-morrow it will take
precedence of all other business, and it will be
the first business for consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was then agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON moved that the committee
do now rise". The motion was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes thirty-four, noes
not counted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 215, being a bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty-
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30,1861.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be upon the motion of Mr. Sherman, to strike
out all from and including line eight hundred and
sixty-one, to and including line eleven hundred
and sixty-seven, being that portion of the bill re-
lating to appropriations included in another Indian
appropriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the bill be laid
aside and reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that the bill do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
