1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
timents. I never heard one m my life, and I have
seen it in no Republican press. Do you denounce
Wendell Phillips ? do you denounce the treasona-
ble utterances of Cheever? No, you do not. You
apply them to your own elevation to office; you
apply them to the strengthening of your own
party, and for the purpose of placing a man of
vour own kind in the presidential chair. The
country is nothing in your view. The rights of
any portion of it under the Constitution are noth-
ing in your view. You march over them, tram-
ple them down, carrying out but the single idea
of mere ambitious projects to attain the control
of the Government. Do these men ever vote the
Democratic ticket? Did Cheever ever vote it?
Does an Abolitionist ever vote it? Never. But
these gentlemen on the other side—these national,
conservative men from Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio,
who have spoken here, will act side by side, m
the political battles of the country, "kith those
men who, they know, are preaching treason to
the country and to the Constitution. I have had,
at one time, respect for the Republican organi-
zation. I have respect for that principle in their
platform which says that it is in the power and
is the duty of Congress to prohibit slavery in the
Territories. I know from whence it came.—from
the hitherto action of the Government—and that
they might rest, as a great party, on that idea.
But I cannot sec how they can rest on the State
platforms or 011 the doctrines enunciated ev.ery day
on the stump and in their presence.-
Now, Mr. Clerk, I have made this statement
time and again; I have made this denunciation of
their peculiar abolition principles tune and time
again. And when I haves denounced them, and
stood up for the Constitution and the rights of j
all sections of the Union, I have been myself
denounced as a doughface, as a tool ot tht■ South.
And it is for you, guitlemeiinf the South, to know
the fact that we men of the North who stolid by
the Constitution and its compromises and giuu-
antees have to meet this sectional organization
face to face every day of our lives.
Now, Mr. Clerk, on this question of slavery I
probably differ from most gentlemen on this floor.
1 do not think that there is any irrepressible con-
flict between free labor and slas c labor. I do not
think it is there the conflict is; I think the con-
flict is the world-recognized one between the races
of men. I have never subscribed to the doctrine
of the unity of the human race. I do not believe
that it is a single race of men. I believe m the
plurality of race*. .The trouble with us here 111
this country is simply that there is a conflict of
races. That conflict commenced when we first
peopled or attempted to people this continent. We
found hero a race of men with distinguishing and
marked characteristics, diffeiing from ourselves.
The trouble with the African is, that with us he
is outoflus place and position on the earth. Does he
not possess marked characteristics distinguishing
him, not only in color and in form, but in mental and
moral organization ? Does he not differ from the
white man, the red man, the yellow man? Has
not every race its peculiarities differing from the
others ? Now what is the marked characteristic
of the black man—the African ? It is that he pos-
sesses the principle of affection, controlling him
at all times and predominating in him, to a much
greater degree than it is possessed by any other
race. It is that principle which subjugates his
other passions and controls them. Now, what is
the distinguishing characteristic of the white man ?
It is his intellect, with which he controls his af-
fections and will, at all times. Hence, the white
race is the race to form governments,to establish
seminaries of learning, to invent the pjess, the
telegraph, the steam engine, to spread Christian-
ity, to go 011 eonqueimg, and to conquer all races
with w~luch it conies in contact. That has been
its history. That will be its history.
Now, what is the distinguishing characteristic
of the red man—of the North American Indian?
It is his will, resulting in carrying out the prin-
ciple of revenge. That principle ill the North
American India liabsolutely controlslus affections j
and his intellect. ^ i
Thus you have the race of intellect and the race !
of will in contact. What is the natural result?
Either one or ihe other must be exterminated. Is
not that going on now? Where is the red man? |
Fading away before the progress of the white
man. You "have not enslaved the red man, al- I
though Massachusetts attempted to do it at an
early day in the history of that colony. But with
the black man, the race of affection, when he is
in contact with the racc of intellect, that race com-
pels him and coerces him to some form or other
of servitude; and, from the fact that he does pos-
sess this qualification he becomes a servant. If
he did not possess it, you could not make him a
slave. Without intellect, without invention, with-
out the marked characteristics which distinguish
the other two races—cither intellector will—when
you place him in contact with the white race, he
must be subjugated into servitude.
And after all—rqpognizing the fact that the black
man is out of his place on the earth when in con-
tact with the white race, that ho was here, is here,
will be here—the only question is, what particular
■ form of servitude he will be in. Itisriot aquestion
of slavery or freedom. It is not a question of citi-
zenship, or of servitude and inferiority. It is a ques-
tion of the form of servitude—nothing else. What
would we do with these men, if free? Whatcould
the North do with these millions, if they were
there free? You know we do not want them with
us. You know that the action of every northern
State, with the exception of one or two, is directed
persistently to driving out these black mop. You
know that when you fought your battles in Kan-
sas, where was carried out practically the doctrine
of popular sovereignty,, and when you formed a
constitution there—you not only did not make
citizens of negroes, but you absolutely prohibited
negroes from coining within the borders of the
State.  
Now, what would you do with them ? V ou do
notwant them at the North. You could not take
care of them as well as their masters can, who
have lived with them from their youth up. You
cannot break np.irt this organization and this sys-
tem that has entwined itself into every social and
political iilx 1- of that great people who inhabit one
half of the Union. No radical or sudden change
can take place. Do you mean to accomplish it by-
slow means' Do you mean to do what your
press, your stump speeches, your sermons in
church every Sabbath,recommcnd ? Do you mean
to do it by the adoption of your platforms which
are antagonistic to the principles of the Constitu-
tion ? Do you mean to do it by holding one posi-
tion before the people, and coming here and hold-
ing a different one ? You cannot do it in that way.
You cannot do it inside the American Union. If
you do it at all, you must do it outside of the
Union. The idea of a peaceable solution of such
a question never has addressed itself to my judg-
ment. It cannot be done peacefully by any party
organization whatsoever. It is a problem which
ill the hands of God, and which can only be
solved by the slow progress of time.
Gentlemen on the other side, and Republican
orators at the North, always appeal to the Decla-
ration of Independence—that all men are created
equal; and they go on to argue from that, directly
and positively, that these black men were intended
to be included in that Declaration and to be incor-
porated as citizens under this system of Govern-
ment of ours. Now, sir, this is a mere abstract
stall 1-ncnt. It could not have been that Jefferson
meant that all men were created with equal rights
under any particular form of government; for we
know that government does not proceed directly
from God, but is the result of human thought,
human intellect, and human will. What did he
mean ? It is true that they are equal in the sight
of God; they bear the same relation to time and
eternity that we all do; but they are^ not created
with equal political rights, nor was it ever so in-
tended. "We know precisely the contrary, because
slavery existed at the time the Constitution was
formed, and if it had been intended to incorporate
these men in this political community it would
have been so said in the Constitution itself.
Now, I want to say a few words to gentlemen
upon this side of the House. I know that these
words would come with much greater force from
someotherpersonthanmyself. I willacknowledgc
that I should not place myself in the position of
attempting to advise those gentlemen who are
acting with me in the organization of the House
wlini 1 have had so little experience in this arena,
but 1 have a few words to say to you. gentlemen,
and 1 hope you will hear me.
A studious silence has been preserved on the
other bide of this House. 1 suppose the philos-
ophy of it is, that they may go tothe CQunjtry,,and,
say that we are consuming the tiirie in debate in-
stead of voting. I suppose the philosophy of it
is, that there is a contrariety of sentim.cnt upon
that side of the House, and that, if Mr. Sherman
should get up and declare his true sentiments—jf
he should place himself by the side o£ Mr. Cob.-
win, he could not get the whole of that side to
vote for him, and consequently they do hoi
allow the clash of sentiment that wo do hsre.. _ I
am glad that, in this party of- ours, we can dis-i
cuss questions of principle and question^ of pol-
icy, and can disagiee; but when the time c'omesi
to battle -our common enemy, we can stand side
by side and forget our differences. Now, a word
as to this firebrand which they have attempted to
throw into our midst—the question of slavery
in the Territories of the United States. I told
you all that I was an anti-Lecompton Democrat,
that when that issue was alive I differed with you,
and took early occasion to express mv difference,
but that, when it was dead,! buried it. And I
think it would be very poor policy for us toper^
mit it to be dug up again by our enemies.
Now, gentlemen, this question of slavery in the
Territories is purely an abstract question, in rriy
view. When a great party is organized upon prin-
ciple, it is done for the purpose of carrying out tliat
principle upon some present or approaching occa-
sion, antl not as a mere abstraction; not for some;
thing a hundred years hence, but with reference tp
something that has to be done here, now, this year
or next year. Will you tell me what possible prac-
tical question can comc up this winter in regard to
any Territory of the United States? Not'one. Will
our friends upon'the other side, who are the imper-
sonation of the idea of congressional intervention
to prohibit the extension of slavery, introduce a,
bill prohibiting its existence in any Territory ?
Will they do it this session ? Have they done it for
four years ? Ill 1856, they incorporated that idea
in their platform. Have they attempted to carry
it out in either branch of Corigress during the last
four years? I think not. They were elected last
year upon the same pledge. Will they introduce
such a bill this winter? Oh, no; they will not do
it. Why not? Because the question is abso-
lutely settled in the minds of all intelligent men in
every organized Territory in the United States.
Is it not settled in Washington Territory ? in Utah,
m Kansas, and in Nebraska? Is it not settled m
New Mexico? I think it is.
I think no effort will be made, either on that
side of the House or on this, this winter, or the
next cither, to establish slavery in any one of those
Territories, or to prohibit it therefrom. Why?
Because the common sentiment of the people of
those Territories has already settled the question.
Kansas has decided that it does not want slavery.
Enough said; we are to abide by that. New
Mexico has decided that she does want slavery:
enough said; I agree to that. It is their business,
and not mine. As an individual, and an American
citizen, I would be willing to concedc to every
southern man the right to go into every Territory
with his slaves, and hold them there until a State
constitution isformcd. I would concede that right;
but of what possible practical use could it be ?
Why, a thousand laws of Congress cannot force
slavery into a Territory against the will of the
people; and a thousand laws of Congress cannot
prohibit slavery where the people wan t it. Hence,
I think we might save our time and energies, and
not throw them away upon a purely abstractques-
tion, which is absolutely settled m every Terri-
tory of the United States. Why not let the ques-
tion rest?. Why keep it alive? Why excite the
passions of the North against the South, and of
the South against the North ?
11 Why, sir, if I were an inhabitant of a southern
11 Territory, 1 should laugh at you men here, attempt-
i' ing to prohibit slavery, if I wanted it; ana if l
wore an inhabitant of a northcniTerntory ,1 should
laugh at you for attempting to establish it there,
or to force it there, if 1 did not want it. If I lived
in a southern Territory, among southern men,
where slavery existed, 1 would own slaves my-
self. I would not think that I was thereby guilty
of a moral wrong. I would take these servants,
and I would expend upon them my energies
and my intellect to train and protect them, and
m every way to do my duty before God to tho^o
thus placed under my care and guidance. i>ut,
in a northern climate, in Kansas or Nebraska,
