3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
tioa, not to exist. In that case, as in tliis, time was given
for the correction of a supposed error in Meade county of
12 votes against Mr. Bullitt, so that a decision might be
had upon the effect of such correction; but as the correc-
tion, if made and allowed, would not have changed the re-
sult of the ejection, no decision was had by the board on
the question.
In the judicial election, the certificate first forwarded to
the secretary from the county of Hart gave Wheat 122
votes. The State board of examiners, before this certifi-
cate was acted on, were notified that there was a clerical
mistake, in copying this certificate, as to the number of
votes cast for Wheat, and that the other two certificates,
made out at the same time, contained the true number of
votes according to the poll-books. One of these certificates
was transmitted to the secretary, showing that VViieat had
received 222 votes, instead of 122. We thus had two original
certificates, which were authorized by law to be sent to
the secretary; and the question was, which was right?
The clerk and examiners made affidavit that the last one
sent was an exact copy of the one on file in the clerk's
office, and contained the correct result of the poll-books,
and our action was accordingly based on the last one.
The cxatmneis of Nelson county first sent a certificate
of the votes of that county, stating on its face that they had
not included the vote of the Blomnfield precinct, as they
Jiad not received it. They afterwards forwarded an addi-
tional certificate giving 'the vote ot that precinct, which
had in due tune been delivered by the sheriff under seal to
the deputy clerk, and by neglect had not beeu laid before
the examiners They did not attempt to make any change
in the vote of the precinct, winch they had before certified,
but certified the vote of the precinct thus returned under
seal by them. The vote of this precinct was counted in
favor of Mr. Bulhtt, simply on the ground that, as ihe law
required the examiners to act on the books of each pre-
cinct, their duty did not cease until they had so acted. But
in no instance did they attempt to recount the votes of any
precinct after it had been once certified.
It is proper to add, that a distinction was made at the
time, by the examiners, between the ease as presented by
this special election, and the correction of the poll-books
after they had been certified by the county examiners, and
the corrections were allowed on the express ground that
they did not involve the legality of a rescrutiriy and reex-
amination of the vote as certified. It may not be improper
also to state that, when the amended return from Boyle
was filed, and before it was known what efFcct it was to
have on the result, the opinion of the undersigned is known
to have been adverse to its reception.
Given under our hands this 29th of August, 1859.
C. S. MOREHEAD. *
MASON BROWN, Secretary of State.
JAMES HARLAN, Attorney General.
They state that a mistake of twelve votes was
made by the examiners in the count of the vote
of the Democratic candidate.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, Oh! I am
not talking about tlmt county, I am talking about
another county; but in that case the board, gave
no decision.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am talking about this
County.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Well, they
said they did not give any opinion about the right
to send m amended returns.
Mr. STEVENSON. But they nevertheless
allowed the correction of this return.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I deny it.
I ask the gentleman did they ever decide the ques-
tion until this ease?
Mr. STEVENSON. They never had it before
them to dccide.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. That is all
true. Now, Mr. Speaker, if there is any similar-
ity in these cases, I confess I cannot see it. Sir,
I do not desire to retain a seat upon this floor
simply upon the certificate granted by the board,
if that certificate was improperly given. And as
the gentleman has brought this matter into con-
troversy, lam willing to have it tried, and to sub-
mit to the candid judgment of this House upon
it. I venture the assertion that 1 am elected a
member of this House in any aspect in which it
can be presented by the minority of this commit-
tee. if you take the poll-books, illegal votes and
all, I am clccted. Take the poll-books, with the
illegal votes rejected, and I think I can demon-
strate to this House that i am elected by a larger
majority than the committee have given me.
And let mc, upon this subject,call the attention
of the committee to the manner m which the mi-
nority of the committee have arrived at their con-
clusions. They tell you that so many votes ought
to be excluded from Anderson's votes, and that if
gentlemen will examine the testimony, they will
find that Chrisman is elected; but they fail to tell
you in what page, or by what evidence it can be
proved. They say that I have made mistakes;
that votes which I have attacked 1 have not proved
to be illegal; yet they fail to mention the names
or give the proof of it. Let them mention the
name of any voter, and give us something defi-
nite upon which to act. Let them mention the
name of the voter. The minority of the commit-
tee have—1 will not say studiously—avoided the
mentioning the name of any man whom I have
said was not entitled to vote, who was entitled
to vote. How am I to meet such general alle-
gations? If they will specify wherein! have made
mistakes, I can then show whether I am correct
or not. They say, in general terms, that Chrisman
was elected by eight votes. How elected? By
mistakes? By illegal votes? By incoirect poll-
books? Or how do they arrive at their conclusions?
The majority report has given you the voters by
name, and the page in which the testimony for
the support of the allegations is to be found; and
if the gentlemen can controvert the specific facts
I allege, let them do it.
Now, sir, I am not going into the question of
how the contestant spent any particular Sunday;
where he or I was on a particular day after the
election ;how much Sam Jeffries gave for his watch;
and all such questions not connected with this
case. The questions which I shall discuss will
go directly to the point in issue. I admit the mis-
take of 14 votes, which the contestant claims; I
admit every solitary mistake he claims, and there
is an end of that; but I say that while I give him
the benefit of all he claims, that there are more
mistakes made to my prejudice than to his. There
arc four in the county of Boyle in my favor; that
they concede. There is a vote in the county of
Adair which should be correctcd in my favor; that
they concede. Then there is the vote of William
K. Bowman, which there is a controversy about.
There is also the vote of Pendergrast. The com-
mittee have determined that he was a voter; that
he voted for me; but that his name was not re-
corded for me. Then, in regard to the vote of
James Stout, whom, also, the committee have de-
cided voted for me, although his vote is not re-
corded for me. The contestant asked why I did
not take the testimony of Pendergrast himself as
to how he voted, and not depend upon hearsay
testimony. He was subpenaed, but did not at-
tend.
In reference to this vote of Stout, the contest-
ant says he has got a copy of the poll-book, and
that he is recorded for mc. The proof diifers
from his copy. Well, sir, 1 have a copy of the
poll-book, which is different. There was a mis-
take made in copying it; but the certificate is
exactly right—tlieie is no doubt about that. I
have the proof of Williams, who swears that he
was present when Stout voted, and that he voted
for mc; yet he is put down for Chrisman. The
proof is conclusive that he voted for me, but is
lecordcd for Chiisman; and therefore i take it
for granted tlmtj am entitled to the vote. But
even if I am not, I have enough to elect me with-
out it. Here is the vote of Hiram Withers; he
voted for mc, and yet they have set him down for
Chrisman. Here is Frank Harrison, who voted
for me, and who declared that he voted for me;
and he is recorded for both. Here is the vote of
George R. Vaught, and it is recorded for both of
us. Here is the \ote of James Hunt, of Wayne
county, who voted for me; and he is counted for
Chrisman. Here is the vote of Peter Plnps, who
came to the polls and would not vote for either
of us; and yet they have him put down for Chris-
man. And there arc the votes of three persons
who came m and voted after the polls were closed.
The proof is, that a young man rode up to the
polls and wanted them kept open, as he would
soon bring up a few men to vote.
The constitutional provision of the State of
Kentucky is, that the polls shall be closed at seven
o'clock. A difficulty arose, and the friends of the
sitting member contended that the polls were not
closed; and to prevent violence, the votes were
received, and they were counted against me. And
here is the name of B. W. Moss, who had been
living in the county of Boyle since 1829; and yet
they would not permit him to vote, because his
wife had run off and left him. [Laughter.] The
gentleman says the judges were my political
friends. I do not recollect whether they were or
not. I know that that individual had been living
in that county since 1829, and they refused to let
him vote. Now, sir. upon the basis of giving the
contestant all he asks; conceding to him every
solitary vote he claims, giving him the benefit of
all the mistakes, my majority is seven votes, in
place of three.
Well, again, upon the matter of mistakes, 1 say
I am elected. What else ? He says I am tryiag
to disfranchise the citizens of the Casey creek
precinct, in Casey county, by rejecting the poll-
books of that precinct. The poll-books of that
precinct were not certified, ana I asked the com-
mittee to exclude them. What did the commit-
tee determine ? They decided that all the require-
ments of the law had been complied with cxcept
in reference to the poll-books of that precinct. 1
do not think that the people should be disfran-
chised because of the neglect of officers. I am
acquainted with the case to which the gentleman
refers to support himself, and 1 agree with him
that the law there laid down is -a good one; but
it is not applicable to this case. But that decision
goes further, and says that, although a precinct
should not be disfranchised for imperfect ceitifi-
cation of the polls, yet there should be sonic proof
that the proceedings were all regular. Now, there
is not a particle of proof to that effect. Here is
a blank piece of paper, with no man's name
signed to it, except the one alluded to by the com-
mittee ; and it was counted against me. Why did
he not bring up some of the men who voted there
and prove the fact? Why not prove it by the
judges of the election? There is no certificate;
and, so far as the legal question is concerned, why
should not the poll be excluded ? But I am will-
ing, for the sake of the argument, to give lum the
benefit of the vote in that precinct; and still I
am elected. I do not desire the vote of that pre-
cinct excluded, because I have no doubt the vote
was given as returned; and the question would
not have been involved in issue, unless the gen-
tleman himself had raised it.
The next point is in reference to illegal votes.
The minority of the committee has not specified
a solitary illegal vote—not one. 1 believe that
the reason was that they knew that if they went
into a count of the polls, I'would be elected,
Mr. GARTRELL. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to say or insinuate that
the minority of the Committee of Elections re-
fused to go into a count because they knew that
the count would show that he was elected ?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. No, sir; I
said that if you went into a count you knew I
would beat you. Of course I said it not in an
offensive sense.
I know that frauds are perpetrated in elec-
tions, as the history of the country wilt show,
and I suppose the members of this Ilouse know
it. If they do not know it they ought to know it.
The contestant challenged ill votes and 1 chal-
lenged 213 votes. They say I got 25 illegal votes.
I am willing to concede that.- Perhaps I may
have received more; but, at the same time, they
say that the contestant received 81 illegal votes. I
shall only allude to a few. There is a man by the
name of Henry Martin, in the county of Wayne.
He is a foreigner. The record shows that on the
27th of October, 1857, he came into the county
court of Wayne county, in which the judge, a
leading Democrat, and the step-father of the con-
testant, is clerk, and he took his first oath of hia
intention to become acitizen of the United States.
The law of Congress requires that two years shall
elapse before he could take the final oath. Now,
on tlv 29th of July, in the same court, and before
the same judge and clerk, he was admitted a citi-
zen of the United States, and he voted before the
two years had expired. He is so recorded as hav-
ing voted, and the record shows it.
1 might go on and specify innumerable illegal
votes; but it is unnecessary. I do not think it
proper for me to go outside of the record, or to
argue any outside questions. I am willing, so
far as I am concerned, to submit to the judgment
of the House.
I will say only this much, that the newspapers
of Kentucky have sought to bring censure upon
the State board of canvassers as to their sworn
duties. I take it for granted that every man acts
according to the dictates of his own judgment.
These men may have erred in their construction
of the law; but men come up here now and say
that they acted from corrupt motives.
Mr. STEVEiNSON. Ihe gentleman put the
minority of the committee and the public press
together. I say I have never impugned the po-
litical integrity of any of these gentlemen; and
there is no such thing in the minority report.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 did not
say that there was. I said the Democratic papers
of Kentucky held them up to scorn and con-
