1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' WLOBE.
1-4 %
to the body, either to-day or at some future time,
the remarks which I intended to submit. If it be
the desire of the House to ballot for Speaker, I
shall certamiy not interpose any objection, I
therefore yield the floor for that purpose, with the
understanding that I am to-have it again when the
balloting ceases.
Mr. Phelps's motion for a call of the House
was agreed to.
The ioil of the House was called, and the fol-
lowing mefiibors failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Biiowjj, Clauk B. Cochrane,, Jenkins,
K-illiiccieRj Kunkei., Lanbrum, Stallworth,
and Verree.
During the call,
Mr. COVODE said: Has it been announced
that Mr. Verree has paired off with Mr. Lan-
DRUM?
The CLERK. The Clerk has just been in-
formed of the fact. «
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
say thatmycolleague, Mr. Killinger,has paired
oft with Mr, Jenkins.
The CLERK stated that there wore no absentees
who were present yesterday, except Mr. Verree,
who had paired off with Mr. Landrum.
Mr. GROW. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion-was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House proceed to another ballot for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
NINTH BALLOT l'Olt SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to a ninth ballot for
Speaker, with the following- result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 228; necessary to a choice, 135;
of which—
Mr. Sherman received Ill
Mr. l'oeuck      Bo
Mr. Boteler  23
Mr. Jolm G. Davis  2
Mr. Horace F. Clark  2
Mr. Plielp<  1
Mr. llaulernan  1
Mi.   1
Mr. Gilmer  1
Mr. McQueen   1
So there- was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam", Aldnrh,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake. Bray-
tow, Buftinton, Burlmgame, Burnhani, Buirouglis, Buttor-
fr'id, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, OoU'ax, Corvvin, Co-
vode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Due.il, Dunn, Edijerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnwvorth. Fenton, Fe.iry, Foster,
Frank, French, Goocli,Graham, Giow,Guiley, I'lale. Hall,
lla>kin, Ilelmick, Hickman, Hoaid, Humphrey, llutchin^,
livine, Junkia, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longuccker,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Margton,McKeffc, McKtiight, McPjior-
son, Millward, Moorhcad, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmar, Pennington, Perry, Pettif, Por-
ter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Cbiistoplier Ilobu^on, Royce,
Sehwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Somes, Spuulding, Spm-
uei, rftanton,Steven^, William Stewart, Stiatton,Tappan,
Thavor, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram, Tumble, Vandever,
VanWyck, Wade,Waldi on,Walton, CadwaladerC. Wash-
hum, Ellihu B. Waslibume, I.-uel Washburn, Weils,
Wilson. Windom, Wood, and WoodiutF.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L.Anderson,
A-hmore, Avery, Baiksdale, Ban-, Barrett, Bonhani,
Bo\ee, Branch, Buich, Burnett, John B. Claik, Clemen-*,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Crawford, Cimy, Davidson, Reuben Davis,
1).' Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmundson, English, Florence,
Foukc, Garnet!, Gartrell, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Haw-
kins. Hindman, Hohnan, Houston, liowaid, Hmghcs, Jaek-
.-on,'Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Lariabee, Leake, Logan, Lov.',
Mac-lay, Chat lew D. Martin, Etben S. Mai tin, MeCh'inand,
McQueen, MeRae, Miles, Million, Mont« omeiy. Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N lVIorris, Nibiaek, Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton. Plieip-;, Pryor, Reagan, James V. ltobinson, luiffm,
lvu-'t. Scott, Sickles, Simnia., Singleton, William Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas,
Underwood, Vnllandigham, Whiteley, Winslow, and
Wright.
For Mr. Boteler—Mussrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Bouhgnv, Biabson, Brings, Briitow, Etlieridge,
Gilmer, liauleman, J. Momsori Harris, Hatton, Hill, James
JYI. .Leach. Mai!or\, Maynard, Laban T- Mooie, Nelson,
Quailes, WilUam'N, II." Smith, Stokes, Vance, Webster,
and Woodson.
For My. John G. Davis—Mc>s>rs. Adrain and Biggs.
For Mr. Horace F Clark—Messrs. John G.Davis and
Reynolds.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Bocock.
For Mr. Hardeman—Mr. Boteler.
For Mr. Rig£?>—Mr. Horace F. Clark.
For Mr. Gilmer—Mi. H. Winter Davis.
For Mi. McQueen—Mr. Pugh.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move that the
House proceed to another ballot for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I wish to present the name
of Mr. George Briggs, of New York,'as a can-
didate for Speaker.
TENTH BAftLOT FOR SPEAKEK.
The House proceeded to d tenth bftllot for >
Speaker, with the following result: Whole mini- j
bt*r of votes east, 228; necessary to a choice,' 115;. ,
of which— |
Mi. Sherman received Ill i
Mr. Bocock £4 !
Mi. Boteler  15 ,|
Mi. Brigg-*  9
Mr. Hojuce F. Clark  8
Mr. Phelps  1
Mi. K'gg-!   1
Mr. Gilmer.   1
Mr. McQueen  1
Mr. John G. Davits  1
Mr. Hardeman  1
So there was no choice.
The following is tin- vote in detail:
JK>r Mr. Sherman—Mes-'is. Charles* F. Adam*?, Aldrich,
AHe\, Ashlej, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake. Bray-
ton, llulfinton, Burlmgame, Burnhani, Burroughs, lJutter-
ne!d, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conklmg,
Oorwin, Covodo, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duolt, Dunn,
Edgeiton, Edwaid^-, Eliot, Elv, Farn^worth. Fenion, Feriy,
Fo>ter. Fiank. French, Gooeh, Graham, Giow, Gurley,
Hale, Hall. Ha^kiu, Ilelmick, Hickman, Hoaid, lluinpiinn,
lJuieii.n--, Irvine, Junkin, 1'i.iueis W. ICellogg, Wiiliain
Kellogg, Keujon, Kiltiore, De Witt C Lead), L'.v, Long-
n^cker, Loom's, LovejovMaiMrm, MeKean, MeKniglit,
McPhcrfon, Millw.ud. Moorhead, Mori ill, Ed ward Joy Mor-
ris, Moise. Nixon, Olin, Palinei, Pennington, Peny,Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Poulo, li ce, Cln.^tophcr Ivobuisoji, Royce,
Schwartz, Sej.uitou, Sedsiwick, Humes, SpauUhi^, Spin-
ner. Stanton, St-'ven*. William Stew ait, Stiatton, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiatn, Trimble, Vandever,
Van V\\ck, Wad", Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C,
Wa.-hbuni, RJhhu B. Washburne^ Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wili-on, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. 2Jocockr-Moa^rt>. Allen, Ashmoro, Avery, Barks-
dale, Ban, Banelt, Bonham, Bovce, Biam h, Burch, Bur-
nett, Jolm B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John (-oeb-
lane, Coopei,Cox,James Ciaig, BuitonCraige, Ciawl'oul,
Cuny, Davidson, Keuben DtUi^, De Jarnette, Dmumek,
Edmuud'-on. English, Florence, Fouke. Gamett, Gartrell,
Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hawkins, Hindman, llolman,
Houston, Howard, Hughe-, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Lamar,
Lauabee, Lc.ikc, {>ogaii, Love, Maclay,C'hailcs D. Martin,
Elb'ert S Maitin, McCleinand, MeClueen, McRae, Milc^,
Millson, Mont«oinei\, Sydenham Moore, I>aac N. Monis
Niblaek, Noeli, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Piyoi, Reagan,
Jiunoi C. Robnioon, Hufbn, ltust, Scott, Sickles, Sirams,
Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, Jainer> A. Stewait,
Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, White-
ley. Win-low, and Wright.
For Mr Bolder—Messrs Green Adams, Thomas L. An-
dei>on, Brab?on, Briggs, Bnstow, Hardeman, Hatton,
James M. Leach, Maynard, Nelson, Quarles, William N.
II. Smith, Stokes, Vance, and Woodson.
For Mr. llng*s—Messrs. William C. Anderson, Boteler,
Bouh«n\, Ethendge, Gilmer, J. Morrison Harris, Mallory,
Laban T. Moore, and Webster.
For Mi. HotaccF Clark—Messrs. Adrain, John G. Davis,
and Reynolds.
For Mr. Phelps—Mi. Bocock.
For Mr. Riggs—Mi. Hoiace F. Clark.
For Mr. Giluicr—Mr H. Winter Davis.
For Mr. Mi. Queen—Mr. Pugh.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Mr. Riggs.
For Mr. Hardeman—Mr. Hill.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion ivas agrer.d to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes to three o 'clock, p.m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 19, 1859.
Mr. Pitzpatp.iok appeared in his seat to-day.
The Secretary called the Senate to order.
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr BRIGHT. Mr. Secretary, in the absence
of the Vice President, 1 move that Hon. Benjamin
Fitzpatrick, of Alabama, ho appointed Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. HALE and others. Ballot.
The SECRETARY. Senators, the following
resolution is submitted to the Senate:
Resolved, That Hon. Bewmiik. Fitzpatrick be ap-
pointed President of tlio tienate, pro tempore, in tile ab-
sence of the Vice President.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. Secretary, I thmk the more
recent practice has been, in the absence of the
Vice President, to proceed to a ballot for the elec-
tion by the Senate. ["Certainly."] I move, then,
in the absence of the Vice President, that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the election of a President pro
tempore.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Secretary, I presume if
any Senator objects to the motion I have made,
that under the rule it is the duty of the Senate to
proceed to an election by ballot. I hope there will
be no objection to that.
The'SECRETART. Senators will, •ploeisiy.to
prepare their ballots for a President pro tempore.
The ballots havina; been collected ana can vasseS i
the result was as follows: Whole number of votes
cost, 53;-necessary to a oltoiee, 27; of which-J-
IIou. Benjamin Fitzpatrtek received  .33 i
Ihm. L. F. S. Foster    ...-.19
Hon. II. Hamlin     ....... .1
The SECRETARY. Mr. Fitzpateick hav-
ing received a majority of the votes, is chosen
President pro tempore of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, on taking the
chair, said: I tendermy grateful acknowledgments
to you, Senators, for this renewal of confidence;
and I assure you that I shall, to the best of my
ability, faithfully and impartially dispharge tile
duties which you have assigned me. The Senate
will please come to order.
The Journal of Thursday last was read $nd
approved.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Secretary-
was directed to notify the President of the United
States and the House of Representatives that the
Senate had chosen Mr. Fitzpatmck President
pro tempore, in the absence of the Vice President.
f treasurer's report.
The President pro tempore laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the acting Treasurer of the United
States, communicating copies of his accounts for
the third and fourth quarters of the year 1858,
and the first and second quarters of the year 1859;
which were, on motion of Mr. Hunter, ordered
to He on the table. .
withdrawal of papkrs.
Mr. KENNEDY. I move that leave be granted
to withdraw the papers in the case of Mi's. Mary
Jane West; and also the papers in the case of
Mrs. Jane Maultby.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such will be
the order, if not objected to.
Mr. HALE. I (lid not notice who offered the
pending motion, and I do not wish to interpose ail
objection to it; arid, if it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, I shall not do so; but I wish to state that very
great abuses have grown up in the Senate from
the indiscriminate leave that is given to withdraw
papers. W<> have a rule prescribing certain con-
ditions, but that rul  is not adhered to; and, as a
matter of courtesy, when any gentleman asks it,
papers are withdrawn from the files and referred;
and the result is that the committees have to ex-
amine over and over again, year after year, peti-
tions and papers that have been received and acted
upon. Such papers ought not to go out without
some good reason. I do not know who offers this
proposition, but I beg to assure him, whoever he
may be, that I make the suggestion in no spirit of
captious opposition, but from a desire that the
Senate may maintain a proper custody over these
papers1, for the withdrawal of papers has resulted
in very great inconveniences and very great an-
noyance. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire object to the with-
drawal ?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I do not object to it if it
is the pleasure of the Senate to allow it. I have
simply made the statement.
Mr. CLAY. I make the objection, then. I
concur in what the Senator says, and I wish to
know the ground of the proposed withdrawal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will lie over, under the rules.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That tlx* petition and papers of Charles D. Max-
well, praying that lie may be allowed the difference between
tilt: pay of an assistant surgeon and that of a surgeon in the
Navy, during the time lie performed the duties of surgeon,
be witlldiawn fiom the flies of the Senate, and he on the
table until the committees shall be appointed.
INVASION OP HARPER'S FERRY.
Mr. MASON. The Senate, by a recent reso-
lution, appointed a committee to investigate the
late occurrencc at Harper's Ferry, Th« chief
business ofthat committee, I presume, wil] be to
take testimony, and they must, of necessity, have
a clerk. I asK that authority be given to that
committee to appoint a clerk. I make that mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to. +
NOTICE OF A BTLL.
Mr. SAULSBURYgavc noticc of his intention
