2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
till the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Clark] is disposed of.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 withdraw my
amendment. '
The question recurred on Mr. Woodson's
amendment.
Mr, WELLS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting; therein the words "airtl did
perform the same." If I understand the operation
of the amendment, it is, in effect, to give to the
contractors the pay the same as if service had
never been discontinued by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. It seems to me that, in effect, it is giving,
by a general law, damages to all these contract-
ors, and making the measure of their damages the
amount of the contract originally entered into by
them. Thus it may happen that a steamboat
which, before the contract was entered into, made
daily trips from point to point, and which re-
ceived, under the contract, $5,000 for carrying the
mail, would be entitled, after the service was dis-
continued by the Postmaster General, and when
no service was actually performed, to the payment
of §5,000, although it did not carry a single letter
or newspaper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, whose
fault was it?
Mr. WELLS. Now, whether the Postmaster
General had or had not a right to discontinue
the service, I am unwilling thus, by a sweeping
enactment, to give, as damages, the amount ori-
ginally contracted for, for carrying the mails.
The question was taken on Mr. Wells's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise, for the purpose of terminating de-
bate.
Mr. BURNETT. Before the gentleman sub-
mits his motion, I want to make a proposition to
the friends of the measure. I have 110 desire to
delay action upon thisbill. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment which 1 offei ed; and the friends of this pro-
viso may go on and perfect it as they please, so
far as I am concerned, if they give us a straight,
square vote on it by yeas and nays rn the Ilouse.
Mr. SHEUMArf. It was distinctly under-
stood yesterday that that should be the case,
Mr.BURNETT. Then I withdrawmyamend-
mont.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist on my motion
that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and Mr. Washburke,
of Illinois, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Dawks reported that the Committee
of (he Whole on the stale of the Union had had
under considei at ion t he Union generally, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 503, to supply deficien-
cies in the service of the Post Office Department
for the Ib-cal year ending '}(Hh June, 18G0, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN". 1 move that nil debate on
the first paragraph of the bill, up to line nineteen,
shall terminate within five minutes after the com-
mittee shall have resumed its consideialion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules bo
suspended, and that the House nrolve itseit into
the Committee of the Whole on the state„of the
Unfon.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules wen; uceoi dm^ly suspended; and the
House n solved itself into rhe Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Air. T),vwrs in
(he chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
lull H. R. No. f>0.'J, making luither appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1S60; the pending question being on Mr.
Woodsom's amendment.
The question way taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I offei the following amend-
ment:
At the end of Imo nmotoon add a-! follow.*:
Provided fwither, That nothinir heroin contained shall ho
eoiMiued ;e> to revive the mail service on the Cumbei-
iana mvr above ClaiksvilJo, m the State of Tcnne.^eo.
{ will fust siate to the committee that we have
a railroad now from Claiksvdle to Nashville; and
I do not desire that the river mail route shall be
revived, as the mails, when carried on the river,
are subject to great delay.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 would say to the gentleman
from Tennessee, that if we desire to have the ser-
vice restored on routes where it ought to be re-
stored, let us make an additional appropriation in
the bill—the Postmaster General will be ready at
once to expend such money as Congress may
place at his disposal—without directing the mail
servicc to be restored upon all the routes which
have been discontinued; because, on some routes
where service has been discontinued.it was proper
to discontinue it for the reason that it has been
superseded by other service.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate has been closed
upon this section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment m the shape of an additional proviso, which
I think will obviate some of the objections to the
first portion of the bill. It is as follows:
Proiidcd, That the Postmaster General maj at his dis-
cretion dumm-di or suppress the postal lomeo, on any po^-t
loute, whop in ins opinion the same mav he conducive to
the public interest; and that lie be lequrred to asM^n Iih
reasons for such changes, it' Any shall be made, in his ne.\t
annual report.
Mr. COLFAX. I oppose the amendment, and
ask for a vote upon it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I offer the following amendment,
to come in between the twenty-first and twenty-
second lines:
For a struct are for post office and other Federal purposes
at Columbus, Ohio, $20,000.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I oppose that amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isthatamcnd- .
ment in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not in order. It is not provided for by
any cxistinglaw, nor is Ugermane to the subject-
matter of the bill.
Mr. COX. I wish the Chair had heard the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio before he overruled the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,all
debate has been closed upon this section.
Mr. COX. I know that; but I wish to refer
the Chair to an authority.
Mr. SHERMAN. The point of order is not
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The Chair,how-
ever, will hear tho gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. I do not rise to a point of order,
but I have an authority here. Post Office defi-
ciency lulls heretofore have contained just such
piovisions as tins, and they have been ruled to be
in order. I have a ease of the kind here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan- is still of the
opinion that the gentleman's amendment is not in
order.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Attei fhe wold " dollar,m line twenty-nine, insoit as
follow
And out oftho --amo, the Po^tmn>tcr General >hall pnyto
the eouttaeior for tuinMnnff leathei mail poncho^ intercut
at the rate <>( m\ per cent, on all -amis hcieiotote due said
(ontiaeun, and winch remained unpaid lor want of ItutiK,
from tho time '•uul muii< \veu« due, to the da) when the
piitieipal Mini-! won* in fact paid.
There is a single contractor for the manufacture
of leather mad-pouches; and in consequence of the
failure uf the appropriation bill last year, there
were considerable sums due him for several quar-
ters, when the Department were not m funds to
pay lam. When tho bill for the payment of m-
teiest to the contractu) s for mail transportation
was pending at the early pait of this Congress,
an amendment similar to this was offered, but
it was ruled out of order by the Chairman of the
Committee of the Whole. As this clause of the
bill lelates to the payment for the manufacture of
mail-bags, I propose to add this amendment,and
to have interest on the sums due to this contractor
paid out of the appropriation.
Mr. CURTIS. I oppose the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to strike out lines
thirty-four and thirty-five, which are as follows:
For mail depiedations and special agent?, §37,500.
"We all know that depredations are committed
upon the mails, and that agents take the money;
but I know of no icason why an appropriation
should be made for doing it. [A laugh.] The
language certainly admits of that construction.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HATTON. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation for " miscellaneous payments" from
$200,000 to §100,000. I offer the amendment for
the purpose of asking the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the object of that ap-
propriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. It embraces a multitude of
small items, which the gentleman will find in the
estimates. It is the usual amount appropriated
for this purpose.
Mr. HATTON. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk then finished the reading of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Before offering, as an amend*
ment, an additional section to the bill, I desire to
correct an error into which the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Hattojc] fell yesterday. He
was under the impression that this bill appropri-
ates $13,000,000 out of the Treasury. By out-
laws, we have to appropriate the postages which
are in the post offices all over the country to the
payment of the expenses of the Department, as
they are technically but not really in the Treas-
ury. All that is appropriated by this bill, over
and above the postages, is what is in this last sec-
tion, $3,126,180.
I now offer the following as an additional sec-
tion to the bill:
Six. 3. +And be it further enacfcd, That the Secretary of
the Navy is hereby directed to pay E. K. Collins arid asso-
ciates the sum o( ,$32,232 72, being the remaining balance
found due them upon their contiaet for trans-porting the
United States mails between New York and Liverpool.
I desire to say that this additional appropriation
asked for by Mr. Collins was referred to me, as
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, for examination, when I thought it
would have been more appropriate to have sent it
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. If there is any such claim as this,
it is a private claim, and should come before the
House as a private bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman permit me
to say that the Secretary of the Navy stated, in a
letter to the Post Office Committee, that but for
the rejection of the claim by a former Postmaster
General, he should, after the decision of the At-
torney General in its favor, have authorized it to
be paid. The Fourth Auditor has furnished us
with a certified statement of the amount due Mr.
Collins; and Attorney General Black has given a
long official opinion that this amount was due,
and had been wrongfully withheld. The amount
was withheld by the Post Office Department, on
account of the loss of the Arctic and Pacific, and
the substitution of the Ericsson m their place,
although this substitution was upon the twice re-
peated authority of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a question of order.
If this is a just claim against the Government, it
ou^ht to have come up last year as a private bill,
and as such placed upon the Private Calendar.
Mr COLFAX. 1 will say to the gentleman
from Iowa that it was sent to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads as a publicclaim,
and has been reported as such. It has been de-
cided as such by the Attorney Grvneral; but the
chairman of the present Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Sherman] can, and of the last one,
[Mr. Phf.lps,] will, explain it.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, sir, I make the point of
order that it should go to the Private Calendar;
and ask for the decision of the Chair upon the
question of order.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman hear me
for a moment ?
Mr. CURTIS. I have no objection to hear
what the gentleman says, and will withdraw my
question of order for that purpose.
Mr. PIIELPS. I desire to say a word as to
the loss of the steamer Arctic, which was owned
by Mr. Collins and his associates. He asked the
consent of the Navy Department to substitute^he
Ericsson for the purpose of performing mail ser-
vice. The contract made by E. IC. Collins & Co.
was not made with the Postmaster General, but
with the Secretary of the Navy, who was directed
by an act of Congress to contract with them for
the establishment of aline of ocean mail steamers
from New York to Liverpool. The contractors,
therefore, upon the loss of the Arctic, applied to
the Secretary of the Navy for permission to sub-
stitute the Ericsson for the purpose of canying
the mail.
