THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1859.
New Series No. 12.
to her Senators and Representatives, giving her
views upon the subject of the interference of Con-
gress with the legislation of the Territories or with
the legislation of the new States; and there is not,
in my judgment, a safer platform, declaring the
non-intervention by Congress in more unmistak-
able terms, than the resolutions of the State of
Georgia, when she delivered instructions to her
Senators on the subjcct of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. I will thank the Clerk to relieve mc by read-
ing them.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolution in relation to the Te)~ritory of Nebraska.
The State of Georgia, in solemn convention, having
firmlv fixed herself upon the principles of the compromise
measuies of 1850, relating to the subjcct of slavery in the
Tomtoms of the United States, a<s a linnl settlement of the
agitation of that question, its withdrawal l'iom the Halls of
Congress, and the political arena, and its tctcrcncc to the
people of the Territories inteio-ted therein ; and distinctly
recognizing in those compromise measures the doctiine
that it is not competent for Congress to impose any lcstiic-
tjons as to the ex:&tence of blaveiy among them, upon the
citizens moving into and settling upon the temtones of the
Union, acquired or to be hereaftei acquiied, but that the
question, whcthei slavery shall or shall nottoim a pan of
their domestic institutions, is for them alone to detcimsne
for themselves; and her']>i esent Executive having leiterated
and affirmed the same fixed policy m his inaugural address :
jBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the State of Georgia in General Assembly met, That tlu1
Legislature ot Georgia, as the representatives of the peo-
ple, speaking their will and expressing their feelings, have
had their confidence strengthened in the settled detciniina-
tion of the great body of the northern people to cany out
in good taith those principles, in the practical application of
them to the bills reported by Mr. Douglas, l'iom the Com-
mittee on Terntouos, in the United States Senate, at the
present session, proposing the oig.unzatiun of a tciutoual
government tor the Tenitory of Nebraska.
And be itjurihei resolved, That om Senator* in Congress
be, and they are hereby, instructed, and our llepiescnt-
ativcs requested, to vote for, and suppoil those puneiples,
and to use ail proper means in then power for e.mymg
them out, eithei asapplied to the govt rnmentof the Toin-
tory of Nebiaska, or in any other bill for territorial govern-
ment which may come before them.
Resolved furthei, That his excellency the Governor be
requested to transmit a copy of the^e resolutions to each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congiess.
JOHN E. WARD,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JOHN D. STELL,
President of the Senate.
In Senate, agiced to, Februaiy 17, 1854.
ILuoniNT Mooue,
Secretary of the Senate.
In House of Representatives, concuned in, February 17,
183-:. Wm. T. Watford,
Clerk of the House of' Representatives.
Approved, February 20,1854.
HEKSCHEL V. JOHNSON,
Governor
Mr. PUGH. Now, I say to the Senator, and
to all the other representatives of the Democratic
party, both from the South and from the North,
thatTstand on the Georgia platform, and if that
excludes me from fellowship with the Democratic
party, I do not see how I can avoid taking the
whole Democracy of Georgia with mo.
I made reference, also, to what had been said
in other placcs than the Senate Chamber, sukc the
adjournment of the Senate in March last: and I
gave notice to my friend from California., [Mr.
Gwin-,] that I desired his attention for n while
this morning. I find a report of a speech deliv-
ered by the Senator sometime m July_ last, at
Grass Valley, in the State of California, in which
the Senator reiterates, towards tin* close of it, what
lie said here, very late at night, I think, on one
of tiie last days of the last regular session, thai,
had he understood the Kaiisdis-Nrbxufaka bill, at
the time he voted for it, to be as it ia now inter-
preted by the Democratic party m the northern
States, he would never have voted for it.
Mr. GWJN. I made no such statement.
Mr. PUGH. I submit to be corrected with
pleasure.
Mr. GAVIN. I stated that if I had understood
the Kansas-Nebraska bill as construed by the
Senator from Illinois, [Air. Douglas,] mhis Free-
port speech, J should not have voted for it.
Mr. PUGH. Well, X accept that qualification.
The difficulty with the Senator at the time of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill was, that he did not vote
for it at his own motion; he was instructed by the
Legislature of California to give that vote, and the
12
Legislature of California wrote down for him in
that instruction what she thought the Kansas-
Nebraska bill meant.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
will say that I voted for it before the instructions
got here; and even before they were passed.
Mr. PUGH. That may be; but certainly when
I hear so much said about its being claimcd that
the agent exceeds the principal, I shall not be
told now that the Senator from California is a
better representative of the views of the Democracy
of California, at that time, than the Legislature,
wh'ose agent he was. Having read to the Senate
the non-intervention platform of Georgia, I pro-
pose next to read the squatter sovereignty plat-
form of California:
Senate Joint Resolutions inrelationio the ii Nebraska
mlroduccd into the Senate oj the United Slates, on the Odd
day oj January, 185-1.
Whet ens, a bill to organize the Tenitory of Nebia?ka has
been intiodueed into the Senate of the United States, which
bill recognizes the following doctrine: That all suits m-
\olvmg questions of peifconal freedom and title to sla\es
shall he decided by the local tulmnals of the State* orToi-
litoiics, with right of appeal to the Supieme Court of the
United States; that the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States in relation to fugitives fiom service shall
be faithfully executed m oiganized Territone* of the United
States, as well as in the States, and that they ought to be
ilgidly cnfoiced alike in both ; that the people tending in
Terntories, and the States to be foimed out of them, ■shall
decide all questions pertaining to slavery therein through
their rcpiesentativcs to be elected for that pin pose; that
the compioini-e of 1S50 is inconsistent with, and super-
sedes, the compiomisc of 1820, Known as the Mi^ouncom-
piomif-e: And whereas, the above pnnciples but leitcrate,
in language and Mib^tanee, the compioim^c ineasuiesof
ISoO, in illation to slaveiy, which niea^uies ought to be
faithfully observed m all the States and organized Temto-
nes* Thoiefoie
Be rl resolved by the Senate and Assembly of the State of
California, That we approve of the provisions as set forth,
of the bill for "an act to organize the Teiritoryof Ne-
biar-lva,'" introduced into the Senate of the United States,
on the 23d of Januaiy, 1834.
Resolved, That oui Senators in Congiess be instructed,
and oui Representatives lequeFted, to vote for. and to use
their,be.st exertions, to pioeure the passage of said bill.
Resolved, That his excellency, the Governor, be requested
to foiwaul a copy of the foiegomg pieamble and le^olutions
! to each of our Senatois and Repiesentative^ in Congress.
Signed, May 9, 1854. CHARLES S FAIRFAX,
Signed, May 10. 1 Sol.
Speaker of ike Assembly.
JAMUEL YVllDY,
President of the Senate.
Mr. President, it was \cry appropriate that
i California should speak 111 these words; for thu
i very odious epithet which is used to fngliten men
; from their propriety, this phrase " squatter sov-
' i-rcignty," was in-united for her benefit. It was
j applied to her. She was the first case, and it was
j applied to the formation of her State constitution,
; in which the Senator from California himself so
j largely participated. What was your Lceompton
| constitution but squatter sovereignty ? You who
| tell me that a Territorial Legislature cannot regu-
| late, even by temporary law, the relations of per-
! sons and property within its own midst, do you
; hold that "that Legislature can set on foot 11 sov-
j ereign Slate government' You say she is not
! sovereign; but,.according to the doctrine of the
j Lecompton constitution, she can make a sover-
i eigu. Now, the initial point of difference between
| my distinguished fx'iend, the Senator from Illinois,
not piesent, and myself, during the whole of that
controversy, was exactly there,. If I hadbelieved
ill tile doctrine that the Congress of the United
i States had conferred upon the territorial authori-
ty s alt the power Ury possessed; that the terri-
I tonal government was a mere municipality, with
! not as much authority as a city or a township;
that the Territorial Legislature was a men; agent
for Congress, to exercise whatever powers Con-
gress might confer upon it; if ! could have be-
lieved that doctrine, then I should have been com-
pelled to say, with the Senator tram Illinois, that,
the Lecompton constitution was a mere proposi-
tion which we might accept or reject et our pleas-
ure; and if I thought we had it in our pleasure to
accept or reject the proposition merely, I certain.
iy
never should have voted for, or been in favor of,
the admission of Kansas with any such constitu-
tion. I differed with the Senator from Illinois as
to the Lecompton controversy, because I believed
the people of the Territory had as much right,
through their territorial government, to set 011 foot
proceedings for the formation of a State constitu-
tion as Congress had; and I pointed to the fact
that an absolute majority of the new States formed
their constitutions in that way; and I do not see,
Mr. President, any ground, any safe ground, on
which the advocates of the Lecompton constitu-
tion can stand for one moment, if the doctrine
announced by the Senator from Georgia is to be
the doctrine of the Democratic party.
But 1 will come back to the State of California.
I have given the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia her opinion at the time he was casting her vote
for the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I now propose to
give him the last expression. I will read him now
the platform adopted by the Democratic conven-
tion of California, since the last session of Con-
gress. If it is not truly reported, I shall thank
the Senator to give me a correct copy:
"Resolved, That the organized Teiritories of the United
States, although not endowed with all the attribute? of sov-
ereignty, arc yet justly entitled to the light of self-govern-
ment, and the undisturbed regulation of their domestic and
local aflfaiis, subject to the Constitution oftlie United States;
and that any attempt by Congress 01 any of the States to
establish or prohibit or abolish the relation of master and
slave in a Territory, would be a departure from the original
doctrine of our American institutions; and that we adhere
immovably to the principle of 1 non-intervention> by Con-
gress with slavery in the States and Territoj ies, as declared
in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and openly disclaim fellow-
ship "—
I should like to have the attention of the Senator
from Georgia now—
" and openly disclaim tellowship with those, whether at
the youth, the North, or the West, who counr.el the aban-
donment, limitation, or avoidance of that principle."
That is the voice of the Democracy of California
as expressed in her convention since the adjourn-
ment of Congress last March; and, as I told the
Senator for his private satisfaction, I tell him now
publicly, when he begins to read me and those
who think with me out of the Democratic party,
lie ought to remember that I am the author of that
resolution, for it is copied from the platform of the
Democracy of the State of Ohio, which I wrote.
1 have the original.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator say that is the
identical resolution that was adopted in Ohio5
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator show mc a dif-
ference? "Where is the difference? I will show
the book to you.
Mr. GWIN When the Senator goes on I will
point it out.
Mr. PUGI-I. I have the book here. I will
have it read so as to have no mistake. I think
there are some words left out that it would hurt
the Senator to put in, for when I spoke for tha
Democracy of Ohio I thought there might be a
little tenderness on one point, but it will explain
itself as soon as the oiiginal is read. I ask the
Secretary to read the resolution of the Ohio De-
j mocracy. which I send to the chair,
I The Secretary read, as follows:
1 Tne Democracy of Ohio, bv their delegates in conven-
i tion a- =<'nibled, hereby atliim the platfoini of principles
; adept e<l by the genera! convention ot the Democratic party,
1 at Cincinnati, 011 the 4th of June, 1856.
I Resoled, That the organized Tcnitorles of the United
! Stales, although not endowed with all the attributes ot sov-
' creignty, aie only held 111 the tectorial condition until
tlicv attain a sufficient numbei of inhabitants to authorize
their admission into the Union as States; and, tlieretore,
aie juotlv entitled io the light of self-government, and the
undi>nirbed 1 emulation of their domestic or local atiairs,
subjcct to the Constitution of the United States ; and that
any attempt bv Congicss. or any of the States, to establish
or maintain, prohibit or abolish, the relation of master and
! Have in a Ten itorv, would be a depaiture from the original
] doeti.neof oui Ameiiean institutions; and that we adheie,
. mimovabh, ;o the piineiplo of -'non-intervention by O011-
1 "ic-s, with slavery in the State : and Territories,' as de-
: ciaicd 111 the Kansas-Ncbiaska bill, and openly disclaim
1 fellowship with those, vehcllier at the South or the North
i 01 the Wfei. who counsel the abandonment, limitation, or
j a\oi(!anee of that principle.
1 Mr. PUGH. Now, if the Senator thinks there
] is an essential distinction, 1 will thank him to
I point it out. .
i Mr. GWIN. I will state that the resolutions
| of California strike out the woras *'or maintain
! after ''establish."
