1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
heard Senators relv on ltoth sides—that which re-
fers to the disposition and regulation of the public
lands, or the public territory as it is called—the
Dred Scott case decides that that has no connec-
tion whatsoever with the subject of territorial gov-
ernments. In fact, the Chief Justice, delivering;
the opinion of the Court, decides that that whole
clause of the Constitution was retroactive alone;
that it was intended simply to refer to the terri-
tory which had been ceded before the Constitution;
that it has no political authority, and that it does
not apply to any cession since. That is the de-
cision as delivered by Chief Justice Taney in the
Dred Scott case. The whole authority of Con-
gress to even organize a territorial government is,
according to that case, incidental to the power to
admit a new State. All I have to say is, that to
pretend at this hour of the day that an incidental
power is greater than the piincipal power, is cer-
tainly to violate every rule of law whh which I
am acquainted.- No man pretends, at least on
that side of the House, ;vnd T believe precious
few on this side, that the Congress of the United
States can dictate to a new State when she comes
to apply for admission whether she shall admit or
excludc slavery. That is your principal power,
then—the admission of a new State—and vet what
confessedly you cannot do under the principal
power, is to be undertaken by means of the uin-
aental power, and that is the right to set up a tem-
porary government preparatory to the formation
of a State government.
I say I believe, when the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States was formed, in September, 1787, the
wise men who formed it rejoiced that the territory
had been all disposed of, by compact between the
States, acting by their embassadors in the old Con*
tinentalCongress, where every State had an equal
vote; and Chief Justicc Taney likens it to a meet-
ing of ombassadois, and Ik- characterised the ordi-
nance of 1787 as a compact between the States ax
sovereigns, made through their embassadors in the
Continental Congress. The* fathers of the Con-
stitution rejoiced that the question was disposed,
of, and it remained disposed of until the year
1820. Then, by the acquisition of Louisiana, a
part of it being ready for admission as a State,
this question was revived. It made, I believe, a
great deal more disturbance and trouble than it
has made since, though, pcihaps, not ibi so long
a period. The wisest and best men believed, at
that day, that Congress had no authority to pie-
scribe the condition of persons and things m a
Territory, against the will of the persons who in-
habited it; and Mr. Monroe himself—I believe the
original manuscript is in the possession of the
Committee on the Library—was prepared to veto
the Missouri compromise, on the ground that it
was an assumption of power not granted; but it
was suggested to him by Mr. Madison that the
veto power of the President should never be used
except in a clear case, and that, after nil, uncon-
stitutional as tins division of territory r.nght b",
it was simply carrying into effect that which the
States had agreed upon between themselves, be-
fore the Constitution, namely, an equal division
of territory between the South and the .North.
There it stood; and if circumstancr-s hati never
altered, m my judgment, he would have been a rash
man who would have ever offered to disturb that
compromise line; but we acquired territory from
Mexico, and were driven by the State of California
herself toadopta new rule; for, if we had extended
the Missouri compromise line, we should have
cut in two the State government which the Sena-
tor formed, and made a complete end of that ex-
hibition of squatter sovereignty on the Pacific.
We were driven by California to some other set-
tlement, to avoid dividing her State government;
and we adopted her as the example, that what her
peonle had done, the people of every State .should
do. The compromise of 1850, while it declares
in express terms that the people of every State,
when they come to be admitted, shall have the
right to exclude or tolerate slavery, does in effect
ignore the question during the whole territorial
existence. It is left intact for the judicial author-
ities to decide, whether upon the foimer laws of
the Mexican Republic, or upon the laws of the
Territorial Legislature, or upon local usage or
custom. It was left outside of the legislation of
Congress.
Now, wo come to the year 1854, to this very
Kansas-Nebraska bill, which was intended pim-
ply to carry into effect the principle declared in
the compromise measures of 1850. It began, 1
think, in its first or its second section, with dis-
posing of the whole subject of the admission of
Kansas and Nebraska as States. It said they
might be admitted, in the very words of the Utah
and New Mexico acts, with or without slavery,
as their people might desire; but in a subsequent
scction, applicable only during the territorial form
of government, which had no application to the
formation of a State government at all, Congress
struck out this Missouri compromise line, be-
cause it had now become inconsistent with the
declaration that Congress itself never would touch
the question on cither side; and that, being an act
of Congress, was taken away; but it was taken
away with a declaration that the object of it-was
to leave the Tenitoiy tabula rasa, as I believe
tliey said in some of the speeches; and in order
more completely to erase the tablet, or whatever
was written on it, the Badger proviso was put
upon it, that not even the repeal of the Missouri
compromise should be construed to revive any
former law or usage or custom or regulation,
whether of French or Spanish or colonial origin;
but, sir, there were two other steps necessary. In
the ordinance of 1787, there was provision made
limiting the Territoi ial Legislatuu s, and gi\ing
Congress power to supervise their laws. I do not
know how mauy times Congress ever exercised
that authority. The only instance with which I
am acquainted in the history of the Northwestern
Territoi y is, when the Federalists in the Territo-
rial Legislature attempted to divide Ohio, in order
to prevent her attaining sufficient population us
an entire State to be admitted in the year 1800.
That was annulled by Congress. I do not recol-
lect any other case. It had remained on our stat-
ute books practically a dead letter. "We had not
abrogated tin- laws of any of the Teinloi^er, or
had not interieivd with them; end it was over-
looked at the time the compromise measure:, of
1650 were passed, and it stand-* to-day m the
organic laws of the Territories of New Mexico
and Utah; and what is the consequence, my south-
ern friends' New Mexico and Utah have estab-
lished slavery; they have given you protection to
your heart's content; they have jn\ en you a slave
code,if that is what you mean to call it. and vet,
by the very terms of thcr organic act, that whole
legislation in subject to the revision of Congress.
Let us see. 1 read from ihe New Jvlexico act,
section seven:
"•All the law.- pa-^ed by the Legislative- A-^embiv and
Govcinoi ^liail L e submitted to the Connie*:- oj ilio United
{States and it di^appuwd nliaM be ninl a id oi'no eiRe!.''
It is that which I propose to expunge,because
if the laws of New Mexico and Utah establish-
ing slavery derive their validity from the approval
of Congress, your doeniueoi non-intervenuon is
a mere name, and all your efforts to drive the
slavery agitation out of Congress only result in
driving it back through another door. But when
we came to the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that very
difficulty was suggested, and on the motion, i
think, of a Senator from California, (Mr. Weller,)
the colleague of the gentleman who sits out the
way, that provision was struck out of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, purposely struck out. Why' "VVliy
was the Kansas-Nebraska bill made different from
all your former legislation? Why did it differ
from this5 Because it was intended to disclaim
any right of Congress to interfere with the terri-
torial legislation. You went further: you altered
the laws defining the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court of the United States, for the express pur-
pose of enabling the owner of a slave to take his
cause up to the highest tribunal of the United
States, in order that he might have a decision.
You knew there was a difference of opinion be-
tween the supporters of the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
One of the Senators from "Michigan was notori-
ously of opinion that the Wilmot proviso was con-8
stitutional—that was Mr. Stuart. His colleague,
General Cass, utterly denied it. He scarcely be-
lieved that we had power even to create a territorial
government. On the other hand, many Senators
believed that Congress had power to establish
slavery in the Territories or to maintain it or
iegula.te it; but had no power to abolish or restrict
it. You made that compromise to cover all their
opinions. You provided an appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States, in order to have a
settlement of the question. Now, gentlemen, why
does not that compromise stand ? I heard it said
here, at the last session of the Senate, that the
Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case had decided
thus and so. Well, sir, there have been so many
things affirmed as having been said to be decided
by the Dred Scott case, that I begin to believe,
like some of the ancient masters, that the com-
mentary will far exceed the principal volume it-
self. I heard it very confidently asserted in this
Chamber, last spring, that the Constitution of the
United States gave a master a right to carry his
slave into a Territory, and hold him there in de-
fiance of territorial legislation; and the next thing
I read in a pamphlet, written by the Attorney
General of the United States, was, that nobody
claimed any such doctrine; and if anybody does
claim it, I give him notice that the Attorney Gen-
eral says ho is nobody. All I have to say is that,
in my judgment, no such propositions were be-
fore the court, wore argued to the court, were
decided by the court, or were considered, by the
court, in any shape or form; and it is impossible,
in my judg$\issit, for any man, with the least re-
gard to the principles of legal interpretation, to
contend that m the Dred Scott case, or in any
other, the Supremo Court has pronounced its
opinion as to the limits of territorial authority on
the subject. In fact, one of the judges—I have
uot the book here—1 mean Mr. Justice Campbell,
expressly declared that he would not decide any
question as to the limits of the municipal author-
ity of the Territories over these subjects.
But I say this to gentlemen: if the Supreme
Court did so decide, they will decide it again.
You do not pretend that that particular case was
there; because the Dred Scott case did not involve
any act of a Territorial Legislature, but only an
aet of Congress. Therefore, when any act of the
Territoi ial Legislature is brought before that tri-
bunal, and the court are called upon to decide it,
you certainly ought to be willing to trust the
court, for you maintain that the court have alrcadv
decided it. We offered to trust the court. We
stand where we stood at the beginning. Let the
court decide it when the question comes up. When
the court has decided it, whatever may be, my
opinion as an individual, 1 say, both as a Senator
 uid as a citizen, the judgment of the court must
bo carried into effect. We cannot live for an hour
under any other doctrine. Tt will not do to say
that if the Supreme Court decides to piease us, we
execute that judgment; if it docs not please us,
we overturn ir. No, sir; I say it is more import-
ant to the community, more important to the cause
of good government, that a judgment once pro-
nounced by the appropriate tribunal should go
into ejTeei, than that it should be decidcd rightly;
far more.
Now, I v,''11 go further. If gentlemen only mean
to say that, in case the court decides this question
as they desire, and there be obstructions to ex-
ecuting the judgment of the court, whether by
individuals, by combinations of the territorial
authorities or of the State authorities, they want
some method of carrying into effect the judgment
of the court, I say I will gi\e you it as far as I
have the powei. I will not merely give you such
legislation by Congress as may be accessary to
carry into effect the judgment of the court, but l
will give you the Executive and the Army and
the Navy to carry its judgment into effect. If
that is what you mean by intervention, I never
had any doubt about it. If you mean to state to
mo a supposititious case, where the territorial
authorities, acting in bad faith, not with a view to
their own internal legislation, but to accomplish
some result abroad, have legislated unfairly toward
one class of property in favor of another class, I
am willing to look into that case, and I will illus-
trate it by the course of the first Kansas Legis-
lature. The first body of men that were elected
there, I believe, passed a law that no man should
vote who did not believe in the constitutionality
of the fugitive slave law. 1 was willing, and did
vote, to interfere and abrogate that law; because
I thought that was the most atrocious way in the
world of stuffing the ballot-box, for the first body
of men who get elccted to pass a law that nobody
but themselves and their friends should vote; and
I am perfectly walling to carry out that principle
and apply it wherever an attempt is made by a
Territorial Legislature or anybody else to assume
possession of a Territory for the express purpose ox'
committing a fraud upon the other and subsequent
1
