1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'mm
and Means. I desire to say that we in Wash-
ington have grown up under the donation and
preemption law. The Department of the Interior
lias proceeded upon the principle that it is good
policy to expose our lands to public sale only m
such manner as shall prevent them from being
bought up by speculators in large bodies.
There are within this proposed district a large
number of preemption and a larger number of do-
nation claims. It is the oldest portion of the
Territory, embracing a portion of the Columbia
liver.
Why, sir, during this present session of Con-
gress, a bill declaring that the public lands shall
not be exposed to publicsale until they have been
for ten years open to preemption passed this
House by some forty majority. What was the
judgment of the House then, m reference to the
public lands generally, I ask shall be the judg-
ment of this committee in reference to our lands in
Washington.
For these brief reasons, I hope this amendment
will not be concurred in. It is, in fact, the r
pealing of a law, or it may act as the repeal of
the law authorizing aland office.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the Delegate from
Washington inform the House how many land
offices there are in that Territory ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Only one
now.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I simply desire to state
to the committee that the object of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was not to prevent theii
having an additional land office, but that the
$8,000 should come out of the proceeds of the sale
of the lands at that office. While we thought
they ought to have the office, we also thought the
money should come out of the proceeds- arising
from the sale of lands.
Mr. REAGAN. I do notknow that we should
base our action here "upon the supposition that
Congress will do a certain thing; but it seems to
bo the policy of this House, indicated by us ac-
tion, that the public lands shall not be brought
into market at all, but that they should be given
away.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the first line. If this
amondmentof the Committee of Ways and Means
be adopted, then you change the whole land sys-
tem of the country. You mi^ht as well require
that the expenses of every office in the country
should be paid out of the money collected at those
offices, as to say that the expenses of the land
offices shall be paid out of theproceeds of the sales
of the public lands. You might just as well re-
quire that the expenses of all your custom-houses
shall be paid out of the money collected at them
respectively, and we have a great many of them
upon our seaboard that do not collect a quarter of
their expenses ;so all that kind would be abolished.
Now, I am opposed to that amendment. By
the policy indicated by it you would compel all
our public lands to be brought into market at an
early day after the survey; and there is no greater
curse to the new States than these early land sales,
by which you open the lands to the grasp of the
speculators, and limit the time for preemptors to
take them at Government prices. By this policy
of causing the public lands to be brought in at an
early day, instead of giving them to actual settlers,
you facilitate their being taken up by speculators
with land warrants, which will withhold them
from settlement. No greater evil can curse the
new States than a non-resident proprietorship,
while, at the same time, it is of no benefit to the
old States. We want land offices where preemp-
tors may go to pay for their land.
Mr. CRAWFORD. They have one there.
Mr. GROW. Very well. How large a Ter-
ritory is Washington? Greater than four or five
States like Georgia; and would you have the poo-
pin of Georgia go nil over thatState to find a land
office? Settlers m Washington may be compelled
to go a thousand miles, perhaps, to get a title to
their lands, if they want to pay for them. It is
our duty, both to the new and the old States, to
do what will build up soonest the most flourishing
States. It is the highest interest of the newStates
that actual settleis should take up their lands. It
is the interest of the new States, and not less of
the old States, to keep the lands out of market as
long as possible, and to allow the preemptors to
take them when they please, and pay the Gov-
ernment price; for thereby they secure actual set-
tlers instead of non-resident speculators.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. With the exception of the salaries paid
at the land offices in New Mexico, California,
Oregon, and Washington Territory, the compen-
sation paid to the registers and receivers is $500
per annum, and one per cent, upon the amount
of money received from the sales of the public
lands; which commissions, however, shall not ex-
ceed $2,500 per annum, thus making the maxi-
mum compensation received by registers and re-
ceivers $3,OOOper year, providedtheyshall receive
at their land offices $250,000 from the sale of
lands.
We have adopted the practice in the States of
Oregon and California, and the Territories of New
Mexico and Washington, of providing for salaries
payable in cash from the Treasury of the United
States, and not to require the registers and re-
ceivers in those distant States and Territories to
look to commissions upon the receipts for sales
of land at their respective offices. In doing this,
I think we have departed from a safe precedent.
The true policy would have been, perhaps, to
have given them an annual salary of $1,000, and
to have provided that the residue should be paid
by commissions upon receipts for the sale of the
lands at their respective offices. The proposed
compensation to the register and receiver at the
new land officc in the Territory of Washington
exceeds that permitted to be received by any of
the land offices in any of the States this side of the
Rocky Mountains; and that, too, whether they
perform any business or not. The population
of Washington Territory is only about fourteen
thousand, and two land offices are established m
that Territory. It appeared to the Committee of
Ways and Moans, under the circumstances, an
enormous salary to be paid wheie those offices
did nothing. For these reasons, the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended the appro-
priation now under consideration, providing that
their compensation should he paid out of the pro-
ceeds of the lands which they should sell at their
respective offices.
The amendment to strike out the proviso was
agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 17, after line nine, insert:
For compensation of live c.\tra clerks employed In the
Indian Office, under the ants ot May 5, 1854, and" March 3,
1855, and under appropuations made fiom year to year,
$700.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 17, after tlielast amendment, insert:
For the pay of two special and temporary clerks in the
Indian Office, of the first and sccond elates respectively,
to be employed upon the duty ot issuing patents, and of in-
vestigating and iccoiding tranters of lands under treaties
with tli<* Indian tribes m the Temtory of Kansas, $2,600.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommcnd a non-concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say one word upon
the subject of that amendment. Wiien the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means acted upon that amend-
ment, I think that the letter from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, directed to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate, was
not in the committee-room. That letter is here,
and it shows the necessity of making a provision
for these clerks.
By an act passed at the last session of Con-
gress, we provided that the Indians who were en-
titled to lands in the Teriitory of Kansas might
be permitted to sell the lands winch had been
allotted to them, or rather we authorized patents
for those lands to be issued to certain Indians in
that Territory. Under the general law, a deed
executed by an Indian to any person is not rec-
ognized as valid unless it has received the ap-
proval of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
This, then, requires all the conveyances made by
the Indians in the Territory of Kansas to be sent
to the Commissioner of Indian Alfairs, to be ex-
amined and registered and approved before the
deeds take effect on the part of the grantors. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs says, in this let-
ter, that, in consequence of the amount of busi-
ness which has arisen, it becomes necessary for
him to have two clerks employed, and that one
of them ought to be skilled in land conveyancing;.
I ask that, the letter be read; it is in the hands of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. When that committee non-concurred iii
the amendment, they had not the information be-
fore them.
Mr.SHERMAN. The gentleman is mistaken;
we had the letter before us at the time.
Mr. PHELPS. I think it had not been read.
It was sent to me to lay before the committee;
but the committee had acted on the matter at the
time.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, May 37, 1880.
Sir : 1 have had the honor to receive your communica-
tion of the 27th ultimo, desiring to be informed " what
process has been made m issuing patents to the Indians
for lands in Kansas, undei the piovisions of the act of last
Congress, and m puisnance of treaties with them; <md
whether any or what obstacles there are to the execution
ot said treaties and law, ^nd what, if any, facilities arc
needed for that puiposc not now provided by law," and
respond thereto, as tollows:
1. Patents have been issifed to all the Indians of the char-
acter reft-! red to in your inquiry, numbering twelve bun-
dled and ninety-nine, as tollows: Wyandotte, two bundled
andmnetv-three ; Miamies, two hundred and thiity ; Kas-
kaskias, Peorias, &c., seven-three ; Shawnees, seven hun-
dred and three.
2. The obstacle in the way of the execution of the treaties
and tiie law, respecting action of the alienation of the lands
patented as aforesaid, is the fact that the pressuie of the
business upon this bureau of a current character will not
justify a detail of any of the employes to this branch without
detriment to the public interest. The force at present en-
gaged in the land division of this oflice is not more than
adequate to keep up the business pertainingto it, irrespect-
ive of the duty resulting from a due execution of the law
referred to by you. To detach the requisite force fiom the
Jinancc division would essentially, in my opinion, tend to
the prejudice of the moneyed mteiostoftlic Government; in
tact, the number now employed in this branch is barely
equal to the ptoper and legitimate transaction of the cur-
H'nt business.
From the character of the recipients of patents, it is rea-
sonable to inter that each of them will sell apoition of tho
land allotted to them. It the sale be made by one conveyance
or deed—although it tiequemly happens that an Indian con-
veys detached portions, and to different parties—it makes
twelve hundred and ninety-nine deeds to bccxammed and
leeorded The process ofexamination, if pioperly pursued,
is necessarily a cautious one, and, ot course, slow. Already
thirty deeds have been received hoc; and the parties are
pressing lor the action of the office upon them. But, for the
icason above assigned, it is found impracticable to accom-
modate the individuals inteiested.
It will regime atleasi two additional clerks to facilitate
the execution of thesafd treaties and law. One should be
of a legal mind, competent to investigate and decide ques-
tions ot law lcspr-ctuig conveyances, &c. The other will
be needed to record ihe deeds 111 a book to be prepared
for tiiat purpose. Tins is essentially necessary from which
to tiace the claim of title, and supply copies where origin-
als have been lost.
Very lcbpecttully, your obedient servant,
A. B. GREENWOOD,
Commissioner.
lion W. K. Sebastian, Chairman Committee on Indian
-djj'airs, United. States Senate.
MESSAGE TllOM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and a message
was received from the Senate by the hands of
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying" tho
House that the Senate had passed an act (H.
R. No. 235) for the relief of congressional town-
ship two north, of range nine west, of the fourth
principal meridian, in Adams county, State of
Illinois; and an act (H. II. No. 703) making ap-
propriation for the payment of the expenses of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Minnesota, with amendments; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate, that he had approved and
signed bills of the following- titles:
An act (S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis
Damcse;
An act (S. No. 237) to incorporate the National
Gallery and School of Arts in the District of Co-
lumbia;
A resolution (S.No.5) for supplying the Choc-
taw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations with such
copies of the laws, Journals, and public printed
documents, as are furnished to the States and Ter-
ritories;
A resolution (S.No. 34) in relation to the works
of the exploring expedition;
A resolution (S. No. 35) providing for the
observation of the eclipse of the sun which will
occur on the 18th of July next; and
A resolution (S. No. 43) to correct a clerical
