3088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
error in the aet approved May 4, I860, for the
relief of Stewart McGowan.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
■ The committee resumed its session.
The question was taken on the twelfth amend-
ment of the Senate; and it was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 20, line eleven, aftei the word " for,'' strike out the
words,ii compensation of the surveyor general of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa and the clerks in Ins office, $8,300," and in-
set t as follows:
And the incidental expenses of the office of the surveyor
general of Wisconsin and Iowa, $500; and it is hereby
made the duty of the Secretary oi the Interior, as soon
alter the 30th of June, 1861, as may be, to cause the said
office to be abolished ; and when so abolished, the said dU-
ttict. >hall be annexed to and foun a part of the district of
the surveyor general of Minnesota. •
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. ALDR1CH. 1 desire to inquire from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
why they recommend non-concurrence?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Minnesota olFer an amendment?
Mr. ALDRICH. lie floes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will please
send it to the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will, sir. I move to in-
crease the appropriation $500. 1 wish to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means why that committee recommended non-
coucurrence ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I ought to lefer
my friend from Minnesota to my inend from
Iowa, [Mr. Vandever.] It is a controversy as
to whether this land office should be at Dubuque
or at St. Paul.
Mr. ALDRICH. Not the land office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean the surveyor gen-
eral's office. Wo concluded that, on the whole,
we had better let this mutter stand as it is till
next year, when the whole subject of discontinu-
ing the varioussurveyorgunerals' offices m Louis-
iana, Florida, Wisconsin, and iowa, will be up.
The matter was before the committee at the be-
ginning of the session, and we concluded we had
better let it go over until next winter. We saw
no good reason why this surveyor policial's office
should be discontinued now, and the others not
discontinued, besides, from information given
to us by the gentleman from Iowa, it seems that
it is necessary to continue the otlie.e, nt least for
some time longer, on account of the unsettled con-
dition of the northwestportion of Iowa. That is
all the information I have.
Mr. VANDEVER. J desire to say, in refer-
ence to this matter, that this is a very important
office, and has been a long time established. It
surveys the entire Northwestcountry; and now,
wiihout any notice whatever to anybody, the
proposition is suddenly made to wind up the af-
fairs of the office in the course of the next thirty
days, if the proposition had been to wind up its
uffiurs, and to transfer it to some other part of the
country by the 30th June, 1861, there might be
some reason in it. 1 took occasion to wait upon
the Committee of Ways and Means and presented
this consideration to them, and urged, at the same
time, that inasmuch as a proposition was about
to be introduced to discontinue the other surveyor
generals'offices, they had better consider that thing
at another time, when the whole subject should
be fairly under consideration, and when they must
determine either on continuing or diseontinuing
these offices. 1 desire to say, in this connection,
that, at the last session of Congress, a new disti ict
was laid out, composed, 1 think, of Minnesota.
Tiiisstu veyor general's district had originally con-
sisted of JoWvi, Minnesota,and Wisconsin. The
distuct of Minnesota was cut out from it, and
made an independent district; and now comes this
new proposition, to transfer the main office to St.
Paul. 1 think if any change whatever was to be
made with reference to this office, it should be to
bring it back from St. Paul, to Dubuque, a point
much more accessible to those who are engaged
in the survey of the public lands; and that is the
point from which they obtain their supplies with
greatest facility. I desire that the committee may
concur m the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
[Here the hammer fall.]
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire the opportunity to
say a word. I made the inquiry of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means as to why they lecom-
mend non-concurrence. As 1 understand, all the
lands in Iowa are surveyed, and that there is very
little in Wisconsin unsurveyed. What is left in
Wisconsin unsurveyed is m the extreme north-
ern portion of the State, and much nearer to St.
Paul than to Dubuque; and I believe that the busi-
ness of carrying on the surveys there can be
transacted with much less expense to the Gov-
ernment by the surveyor general of Minnesota
than it can by the surveyor general of Iowa and
Wisconsin, who resides at Dubuque, and has his
office there. I was not aware that theie was any
unsurveyed lands in Iowa; and if there are any
there, they are very much nearer to St. Paul than
to Dubuque. This thing is recommended by the
Senate, and I think the Senate amendment ought
to be concurred in.
Mr. CURTIS. I say that I hope both those
offices will be permitted to remain where they
are; because, if we are going to wind up either
of them, 1 am afraid we will wind up the office
in which my friend from Minnesota [Mr. Ald-
iuch] is so much interested. 1 am sure it would
be a surprise to the people of Iowa to find their
office taken away from them.
Mr. ALDRICH. I suppose it yields them a
little revenue; and they would prefer it to re-
main, whether it is of any use to the couutry or
not.
The question was taken on Mr. Aldricii's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate's amend-
ment; and it was concurred m.
Fouiteenth amendment:
Page 28, line twenty- two, after the word "oider," stiike
out the woid-i " jj-lOjUd'),1' and nisei t " lor civil engnieeis,
laboreis, and icpairs ol lurmtuie, ifc'52.j,OuO."
The Comnnttoe of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Btiike out the uoid "statistics," and insert, in lieu
theieoi, the woid u staiute.s.''
Mr. SHERMAN. An amendment has been
handed to mo by the Judiciary Committee, m
reference to the salaries of the district judges of
California. The amendment can only be received
by unanimous consent. It ought to come in at
line seven hundred and seventy-one of the original
bill; but 1 move it as an amendment to theamend-
ment just read. K
The CHAIRMAN. It is hardly in order there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Clerk lead the j
amendment that 1 send up5 !
The amendment was read, as follows: j
And also $23,000 for extra compensation and salaries to s
the district judges ot Uahtoruia, under the provisions oi the
seventh see turn ot an aet entitled <kAnaet to define and
regulate the jurisri.ctiou of the diftiiet eourtsol the United
States in Caliloinia, in relen'iieetothe nuveyand location
oi Caliloruni puvate land chums/' uppiovi'd June, l^JO.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes, by unanimous consent, to offer this
amendment lier".
Mr. REAGAN. I object, if it is out of oider.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman with-
draw his objection till I explain the necessity of
it? It is to curry out a law which was no law at
the time this bill was reported.
Mi. REAGAN. And it is not a law yet.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, yes; 1 understand it
has been signed by the President.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object.
The amendment wad concurred in.
Fifteenth and a half amendment:
For one hundred and fifty copies of volume twenty-three
of Uowaid'sKepoitsoi the decision'* ot'tne Supreme Court
of the United States, to be furnished b> the icpouer thereof
to the Slate Depaitnient, for distribution aceoiding to exist-
ing law, §7j0.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
j Sixteenth amendment:
For compensation of auxiliary guard and one lieutenant,
and ioi lui'l, oil, and lamps, and lor twenty policemen to
be appointed in the same manuei as the au.uliuiy guard,
$32,-400.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
And that there be paid to the corporation of the city of
Washington, out of money heietofore appropriated, the
compensation of one lieutenant of police.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Strike out section two, as follows :
" Sec. 2. Jhul be it further enacted, That no part of the
amount appropriated by any aet ofCon«res& shall be trans-
ferred to or used for any branch of expenditure than that for
which it may be specifically appropriated; and that the
twenty-third section of the aet entitled 'An act legalizing
and making appropriations for such necessary objects as
have been usually ineJuded in the genera! appiopriauon
bills, without authority of law, and to fix and piovide for
certain incidental expenses ot the Departments and ofTieas
of the Government, and foi other purposes,' approved 25th
AugusL/1842, is hereby repealed."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
menced a non-concurrence.
'he amendment was non-concurred in.
ineteenth amendment*
For defraying expenses of geological reconnois«ance and
explorations in Oiegon and Washington Temtory. and of
the countiy on the louje to the Pacific, near the foitv-sev-
entli paiallel of north latitude, over and above the appio-
priations of March 3, 18.53, and March 3, 1&3.>, and for ex-
penses of analysis of eighty-eight sotN, coals, and ores fiom
different localities, and m the preparation ot final report
tor publication, $10,559 20, as per accounts rendered.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in this, amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to increase
that appropriation one dollar. 1 know how use-
less it is to attempt to oppose any recommenda-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, but
a sense of public duty compels me to resist the
recommendation of that committee so far as this
amendment is concerned.
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation was recom-
mended by the Committee on Public Lands of
this House in the Thirty-Fourth Congress; it
was recommended by the same committee in the
Thirty-Fifth Congress; and it has been recom-
mended by the Committee on Public Lands in
this, the Thirty-Sixth Congress. Moreover, it
was unanimously recommended by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands in the Senate. A bill was
reported by the Committee on Public Lands in
the Senate, and passed the Senate unanimously.
It is now in this House, and has been referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
What arc the merits of this case? In 1851 the
Secretary of the Inteiior set on foot this survey
and reconnoisance of Oregon and Washington.
Dr. Evans, an eminent geologist, was appointed
to make the survey. He received his instructions
fiom the Government, and went to that distant
country and completed this survey according to
those instructions. He made his report to the
Secretary of the Interior; and it was communi-
cated by the President to this House, and was
oidered to be printed. In the language of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, more
general information has been acquired from this
reconnoissance than has ever been acquired by
any other for the same amount of money. The
work has been done according to the directions
of tiie Government. We hu\e had the benefit of
it, and now we turn round and refuse to pay for
it. Sir, that is not right.
But let us look a little further. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have refused to recom-
mend this appropiiation, because it is said that
the geologist was directed not to exceed the ap-
propriation made by Congress for this purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. This i  a private bill for
the relief of Dr. Evans, for completing his geo-
logical survey, or rather his analysis of what
he calls eighty-eight soils, coals, &c.,in different
localities of Washington and Oregon. 1 have sent
for the law upon the subject. As near as I recol-
lect the terms of the law, Congress recommended
a discontinuance of the woik, and appropriated
money enough to pay all liabilities up to the time
of discontinuance. The recommendation was to-
tally disregarded. Again Congress directed the
woik to be discontinued, and appropriated the
money necessary to pay for it up to the time of
the second discontinuance, which was again to-
tally disregarded. The Committee of Ways and
Means thought that after Dr. Evans had twice
been ordered to discontinue the woik, if he was
