2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17.
withdrawal, except as a question of expediency,
or differing from them as to the true state of the
case, and arguing that their true policy was not
that which they pursued. I will ask my friend
from Texas to read that paragraph.
Mr. WIGFALL read tlie following extract
from the letter of Mr. Alexander II. Stephens,
dated Crawfordsville, Georgia, May 9, I860:
" But it seems exceedingly strange to me that the people
of the South should, at this late day, begin to find fault with
this northern construction, as it is termed, especially since
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Died
Scott, fn this connection, 1 may be permitted to say that
I have read with deep inteiest the debates of the Charles-
ton convention, and particularly the able, logical, and elo-
quent speech of Hon. William L. Yancey, of Alabama.
It was decidedly the strongest argument I have seen on his
side of the question. But its gieatest power was shown in
its complete answer to itseit. Never did a man, with
greater clearness,demonstrate that'squatter sovereignty,'
the bugbear of the dav, is not 111 the Kansas bill, all that has
been said to the comraiy notwithstanding. This he put
beyond the power of lulutation. Hut he stopped not there;
he went on, and by reteienee to the decision of the Su-
preme Court alluded to, he allowed conclusively, in a most
pointed and thrilling climax, that tins mo&t frightful doc-
trine could not, by possibility, be in it, or any other terri-
torial bill—that it is a constitutional impossibility. With
the same master-hand, he showed that the doctrine of
'squatter sovereignty' is not in the Cincinnati platform.
Then why should we of the South now complain of non-
intervention, or ask a change of platloim?"
Mr. DAVIS. The next authority which was
cited was the resolutions of the State of Alabama;
and here seemed to rest the main point in the ar-
gument. The Senator said that Alabama, in 1856,
had demanded of the Democratic convention non-
intervention, and that in 18CU she had retired from
tiie convention because it insisted upon non-in-
tervention; and one of the resolutions of the Ala-
bama convention of 1856 he read; but the one
which bore upon the point was not read. The one
which was conclusive as to the position of Ala-
bama then, and its relation to her position now,
was exactly the one that was omitted. The one
which was omitted—I read from the resolutions
of this year—was:
"Resolved further, That we reaflnm so much ofthefij^t
resolution of the platform adopted in the convention by the
Dcmociacy of this Slate, on the Bth of Junuaty, I80G, as
relates to the subject of slavery, to wit."
And it then goes on to quote from that resolu-
tion of 1856, which was not cited by the Senator:
"The unqualified right of the people of the *lnveholding
States to the protection of their pioperty m the States m
the Territories., and in the uilderncss, in which teriitoiial
governments are a- yet unorganized."
That was the resolution of 1856; and like it
was one of February, 1848:
"That it is the duty of the Geneinl Government, bv all
proper legislation, to secure an entiy into those Ten itones
to all the eitizensof the Tinted States, together with their
property of every desenption; ami that the «amc shall be
protected by the United .States while the Teiritoiiea aie
under us authouty."
So stands the rceord of that State which is now
held responsible for retiring, and is alleged to
have gone out because she received to-day what
in former times she had demanded as the full
measure of her rights. Did site receive it? The
argument could only be made by concealing the
fact that her resolutions asserted the right to pro-
tection, and claims it from the General Govern-
ment—the resolutions of lS5{j, as well as the res-
olutions of 3848. What, then, is the necessary
inference? That in the Cincinnati platform they
believed they .obtained that which they asserted,
or that which they believed, necessarily involved
it. So much for the point of faith; so much for
the point of consistency; so much for the point
of right. But if it wenw otherwise, if they had
neglected to ussert a right, would that destroy it?
If they had failed at some time to claim this pro-
tection, are they to be estopped in all time to
come from claiming it? Constitutional right is
eternal—not to be sacrificed by any body of men.
A single man may revive it at any period of the
existence of the Constitution. So the argument
would be worthless if the facts were as stated.
That they are not, the record shows.
Here allow me to say, in all sincerity, that I
dislike to speak about conventions; it does not
belong to the duties of the Senate; we did not as-
semble here to make a President except in the
single contingency of a failure by the people to
elect, and of a failure by the House. When that
contingency arrives the question will be before us.
Until then, I am sorry that it should be intro-
duced. But since the question is forced upon us,
and the action of the recent conventional Charles-
ton is presented as the basis of argument, it may
be as well to refer to it and see what it is. The
majority report, presented by seventeen States of
the Union, and those the States able to give Dem-
ocratic votes, and the only States which certainly
will give Democratic votes—counted as a fixed
basis, a nucleus to which others were to be at-
tached so far as they could be carried—these sev-
enteen States reported to the convention a series
of resolutions, one of which asserted the right to
protection. A minority of States reported another
series of resolutions, excluding the avowal of the
right—not exactly denying it, but not avowing
it—and a second minority report was submitted,
being the Cincinnatiplatiform pure and simple. It
is true that a majority of delegates adopted the
minority report, but not a majority of States, nor
does it appear by an analysis of the votes and
the best evidence I have been able to acquire, that
it was by a majority of delegates,if each had been
left to his own will to choose; but that by one of
those ingenious arrangements, one of those in-
struments which I believe among jurists is de-
scribed as the favor the law gives to the vigilant,
it so happened that in certain States the dele-
gates were instructed to vote as a unit; in other
States they were not; so thatwhercver they were
instructed to vote as a unit the vote must so be
cast, and wherever they were not, they disinteg-
rated. Thus minorities were dragged in m one
instance, and released in another; and by a com-
parison made by those who had an opportunity
to know, it appears that the minority report could
not have got a majority of the delegates if each
delegate had been permitted to cast his own vote.
Neither could it have obtained, as appears by the
action of the committee, a majority of the States
if the States had been required to speak as such.
So that this vaunt as to the effect of the adoption
of the platform by a majority, seems to me to have
very little in it. Then, again, by an analysts of
the vote upon the question of candidates, which
I find appended to the report made by the dele-
gates from Minnesota—my interest in the conven-
tion has not kept me very well informed in all its
various stages of progress—1 find that after this
adoption of a platform, a delegate from Tennes-
see offered a resolution:
" That all the citizen* of the United States have an equal
right to settle, with their pioperty, in the Territoues of the
United States; and that, under the decisions of the Su-
preme Court ol the United States, which we tecogmze as
a eoireet exposition of the Constitution of the United
Stato, neither their lights of peison or pioperty can be de-
^tio>cd or unpaired by concessional oi terutoiial legisla-
tion."
It does not appear that a vote was taken on it.
There is a current belief that it would have been
adopted. If it had been, it would have been an
acknowledgment by the Democracy, m conven-
tion assembled, that the question had been settled
by the decisions of the Supreme Court. But in
the progress of iho convention, when they came
to balloting, it appears by an analysis of the vote
that the Senator from Illinois received from the
seventeen undoubted Democratic States of the
Union, casting one hundred and twenty-seven
J electoral votes, but eleven votes. It is not such
i a great triumph, then, in the Democratic view, as
j is claimed. It does not sullice to add up the num-
1 ber of votes where those votes atail not. It does
j not sullice to bring the votes of Vermont, where
! 1 believe nobody expects we shall be successful,
I and count them as the votes which a candidate
i receives. They are electoral votes—electoral
votes only, which tell upon the result; and it ap-
pears that in those States certain to cast their
electoral votes for tho candidate who might have
been nominated at that convention, the Senator
received but eleven. This, sir, is but meager
elaim to bind us to his car as the successful
champion of the majority. This, sir, is but small
basis for the boast that his hopes were gratified,
and that he would not receive the nomination un-
less sustained by a majority of the party.
My devotion to the party is life-long. If a man
may be said to have inherited political principles,
I may say that I inherited mine. I derived them
from a revolutionary father—one of the earliest
friends of Mr. Jefferson, who, after the Revolu-
tion which achieved our independence, bore his
full part in the second revolution, which emanci-
pated us from usurpation and consolidation. I
therefore have all that devotion to party which
belongs to habitual reverence and confidence. But,
sir, that devotion to party rests on the assump-
tion that it is to maintain its principles; that it is
to strive hereafter, as heretofore, to carry out the
great cardinal crced in which the Democratic
party'was founded in 1800. When the resolu-
tions of 1798 and 1799 are discarded; when we ily
from the other extreme of monarchy to land in
that greater danger to Republics,anarchy,and the
Democratic party says its arm is paralyzed, and
cannot be raised to restrain it, my devotion to its
organization is at an end. It fails thenceforward
for the purposes for which it was established; and
if there be a party m the land who, in the language
of Mr. Jefferson, would find in the vigor of the
Federal Government the best hope for our liberty
and security, to that party I should attach myself
whenever that sad contingency arose.
The resolutions of 1798 and 1799, though di-
rected against usurpation, were equally directed
against the dangers of anarchy. Their principles
are alike applicable to both. Their cardinal creed
was a Federal Government, according to the grants
conferred upon it, and these righteously adminis-
tered. It does not belong to the men who taught
us the lessons of Democracy, that they should
" be held responsible for a theory which leaves
the Federal Government al one who has abdicated
all authority, to stand at the mercy of such local
usurpations as in one place or another may arise."
Least of all does it belong to their teaching to
assume that this Government has no power over
the Territories; that this Government has no ob-
ligation to protect the rights of person and prop-
erty in the Territories. It was among the first
acts under the Constitution to exercise the power,
and to assert it.
After the adoption of the Constitution, an act
was passed, in 1789, to which reference is fre-
quently made as being a confirmation of the oidi-
nance of 1787; and this has been repeated so often
that it has grown into a belief. There was a con-
stitutional provision which required all obligations
and engagements under the Confederation to hold
good under the Constitution. If there was an
obligation or an engagement growing out of the
ordinance of 1787, out of the deed of cession by
Virginia, it was transmitted to the Government
established under the Constitution; but that the
Congress under the Constitution gave it no vital-
ity, that they added no force to it, is apparent
ftom the act which is so often relied upon as au-
thority. It was m view of this fact, in full remem-
brance of this and of other facts connected with it,
that Mr. Madison said, in relation to passing reg-
ulations for the Territories, that Congress did not
regard the intcrdivtmn of slavery among the need-
ful regulations contemplated by the Constitution,
since in none of Uu: territorial governments cre-
ated by them was such an interdict found. I am
aware that Justice MeLeap has viewed this as a-
historical error of Mr. iVladison. I shall notassumc
to decide between such high authority; but I will
ask my friend to read the a< t which is relied upon.
Mr. WIGFALL read, as follows:
An act to provide tor the government ot the Territory
nouhwest of the Ohio liver.
Wheieas motdcr that the ordinance of the United States
m Congress assembled for the government of the terntoiy
not thwest of the iivei Ohio may continue to have lull
effect, it)'-: requisite that cm tain piovisions should be made,
so as to adapt the «.,imc to the present Constitution of the
United States :
Section 1. Be it cnactal !>y the Scncrfc and House of
Rcji) escr.tutires of the Cniled States of vhnei tea in Congi ess
itssnrj/lcd, That in all casc-^ in which by the said ordinance
am mtounation is to be given, oreommunteation made,by
the Governor of the said Temtory to the United States in
Congress a-senihled, or to any oi then ofheeis it shall be
the dill) ofthesaidGovemortogjve such inloima:;ou.and
to make such communication, to the J'lesident of the Uni-
ted States; and the Pi cedent sbnl! nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
all olfieers winch by the said oidmance weie to have been
appointed by tlie United States m Conines-* assembled ; and
all otlieers so appointed shall be commissioned by him ; and
m all ca^es where tlie United States in Confess a^sem-
lilud might, by the said oidiranee, make any commission,
oi remove fiom any otlicu, the Pre- idont is h'eieby deelaicd
to have tiie same powa> of revocation and removal.
Section 2 Jind be it farther enacted, That in the case
of the death, removal, icsi<niaiion, ui necessruy ab-eneeof
the Governor of the said Temtory, the Seeretniy theieof
shall be*, and he is heieby, authonzed and lequued to c\e-
cute all the power?, and peiiorm all the duties of the Gov-
ernor, during the vacancy occasioned by the lemovnl, res-
ignation, or necessary absence of tlie said Governor.
Approved August 7, 1789.
Mr. DAVIS. All that is to be found in this
act which favors the supposition and frequent as-
sertion that under the Constitution the ordinance
