1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
hundred thousand bricks, for which he should have heen
paid. $3,500 utyler his contract; for which sum wc report a
bill.'5
I understand this statement to be, that Blaney
would not receive the bricks that Crown had al-
ready on hand; that he had a right to be paid; for
them, and th$ refusal of the Government Officer
to receive them did not defeat his right to pay-
ment for them. That is what I understand to be
stated here.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that the bricks
went into the hands of the Government; and if
the gentleman will take the trouble to read the
report, which I have in full in my hand, he will
find that the officer of the Government not only
broke up the contract and refused to pay Crown
for these bricks, but he went afterwards and paid
larger prices for the same kind of bricks to an-
other person, rather than receive them from
Crown. The court decided that, in regard to
these bricks, Crown should have been paid at the
time. I hold the report of the court in my hand;
and, with the permission of the Senate, I will read
the last few paragraphs:
" Our opinion is, that Blaney had no right to rescind the
contract until the 1st of October, 1826, because that was
the earliest time when Crown was bound to deliver the
bricks. His belief that Crown was unable to fulfill the
contract was noieason for rescinding it before that time.
Crown had a right to be paid for such bricks as he should
deliver before that time. Blaney never objected at the time
that they should be delivered at Oak Island. He placed Ills
objections on other grounds altogether. There is no posi-
tive proof that he was actuated by any motive which he
could not avow, but the circumstances are sufficient to
make his conduct appear extremely mysterious. No good
reason is given for his refusing to receive the bricks of
Crown, and immediately receiving them of Potter at an in-
creased price.
" We do not think that Crown has any icgat claim for the
sheds, kiln-walls, molds, &.c., agamst the United States.
These he sold to Potter ; and even if it was done through
an oppressive course of conduct by Potter, and even if
Blaney was privy to it, we do not see how the United States
can be answerable for it. As to the loss of his profits on
two million two hundred thousand bricks, which he esti-
mates at $4,000, it is m evidence that he was embarrassed,
and we cannot nay that he would have been able to go on
with his contiact even if he had been paid for the five hun-
dred thousand bricks which were ready to be delivered,
although he thinks he should have been able.
" Our opinion is, that the contract was a valid one. We
think, also, that the evidence shows no good reason for
rescinding it; that Blaney refused absolutely to receive any
bricks of Crown; and that Crown then had on hand five
hundred thousand bricks, for which he should have been
paid $3,500 under his contract; for which sum we report a
bill."
These bricks, if I remember aright, went into
the hands of the Government, under an arrange-
ment with Potter, afterwards another man.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then the opinion says the
Government paid Potter for them.
Mr. BROWN. Did not Crown sell them to
Potter f
Mr. CLARK. No.
Mr. BROWN. Then how came Potter with
them aftef Crown broke ? He could not have stolen
them. He must have paid for them.
Mr. CLARK. My impression is, it must have
been in this way 
Mr. BRAGG. I will state, if the Senator will
allow me, that I was on the committee, and did not
approve of this bill. Potter purchased these bricks,
which it was afterwards alleged the officer of the
Government ought to have taken from Crown. It
appears, from the evidence, that Crown, by some
misunderstanding between him and Blaney, was
rather forced into the sale to Potter. Potter be-
came his assignee. It was doubtful, from the tes-
timony, whether Crown would have been able to
go on with the contract at all. The Court of
Claims say that it is for those five hundred thou-
sand bricks, as I understand, which Crown was
forced, as he says, to assign over to Potter, that
they allowed him $3,500, as was stated by the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana. They refused to
allow him interest. He got pay from the Gov-
ernment, and may have got pay from Potter also;
but it does not appear how t[ie transaction be-
tween him and Potter was. The probability, from
evidence, is, I think, that he got pay as well from
Potter, though perhaps not full price; and he sub-
sequently got paid by the Government under the
decision of the court. It seemed to me, therefore,
that he ought not to be allowed this sum.
Air. CLARK. The facts are a little out of my
mind, for I have not referred to them for a year
past, f know I was convinced it should be paid
at the time I examined it. The Court of Claims
have found that there was due him the sum of
$3,§00, for those five hundred thousand bricks;
and the question now is, whether he shall be paid
interest on the amount which the Court of Claiffis
found to be due to him from 1826, and which they
say ought to have been paid at that time. That
is the whole question. As I understand, the court
have decided that he should have been paid that
amount at that time. The Government owed him
for the bricks, and should have paid him by con-
tract in 1826, and did not pay him until 1857.
Mr. IVERSON. I feci very little interest in
this case; I do not care one cent how the Senate
decides it; but I think the claim is a just one, and
ought to be paid; and therefore I shall vote for it.
The facts are these: Crown entered into this con-
tract, and there is no doubt, from the testimony in
the case, that the Government officer, Blaney, and
this man Potter, combined to compel him to give
up his contract, and therefore Blaney, although
the bricks were merchantable bricks, such as com-
plied with the contract, refused to receive them;
and Crown got into difficulties, and he was forced
to assign his contract to this man Potter for a
mere nominal price—a mere song. He got little
or nothing for it; I believe he sold it#Dr $500.
Mr. BROWN. But he got paid for the brick.
Mr. IYERSON. No, he did not get pay; he
sold everything for a mere song.
Mr. BROWN. Five hundred dollars ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes. You see Blaney re-
fused to receive the five hundred thousand bricks,
and then forced Crown into an assignment to Pot-
ter; and he subsequently took them from Potter,
though he alleged when they were in the hands of
Crown that he could not receive them. After-
wards, after Crown was forced to give up his yard
and all the profits of the undertaking, Blaney re-
ceived the bricks from Potter, and paid him a
larger pricc than was agreed to be paid to Crown.
No doubt there were collusion and combination
between the Government officer and Potter, by
which to defraud Crown. Blaney died, a long
while ago, insolvent, and, therefore, there is no
redress from him. Crown now comes and says,
k< I had this contract, and under it manufactured
five hundred thousand bricks; you refused to take
them, forced me to assign to another individual,
and subsequently purchased them from him; and
you ought to have paid me for the bricks that
which was due me at the time." And the Court
of Claims, on full investigation, so decided. They
decided the Government was bound to pay Crown
$3,500 for the five hundred thousand bricks he then
nad on hand and tendered to the Government, and
the officer refused to lcceive them.
There was a debt, then, due on the part of the
Government. Congress confirmed the decision
of the Court of Claims bypassing the bill for his
relief. They recognized the principle of the court,
which was, that the Government actually owed
Crown $3,500 at the time the bricks were tendered
to the Government through its officer. Now, if
the Government owed him $3,500 ten years or
twenty years ago, and he has been petitioning
Congress after Congress to give him tne money,
and Congress has always refused to give it to him,
I want to know on what principle interest is to be
withheld. If I am indebted to A B in a certain
liquidated amount, and he refuses to pay me, I am
entitled to recover interest and principal upon every
principle of law as well as of justice. Here the
Court of Claims decided the question that he ought
to have been paid at that time; that there was
a legal, existing, valid demand upon the part of
Crown against the Government at that time for
the $3,500. The Government refused to pay; and
although he has applied time after time to the Gov-
ernment, the Government has ever refused to pay
until 1857, when his bill came from the Court of
Claims, and Congress confirmed the decision of
the court by passing the bill to pay him $3,500.
Now, you say to him that, although you owed
him §3,500 thirty years ago, and ought then to
have paid it, you will not pay any interest; you
have withheld his money; you have had the use
of it yourselves, and made money off it; yet you
will set him at defiance because vou are sover-
eign, and he cannot make you do justice and
right, as private individuals could be compelled
to do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill belaid
on the table.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 31, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bragg, Brown, Clay, Ciingman, Coiiamer, Crittenden, Dix-
on, Durkee,Fessenden, Fitzpairick, Foster, Gieen, Grimes,
Hammond, Harlan, Johnson of Tenness.ee, Mason, Nichol-
son, Pearce, Powell, Suiuner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, WigfaU, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Fitch, Uam-
lin, Hemphill, Iverson, and Thomson—8.
So the bill was laid on the table.
GEORGE FISHER. *
The joint resolution (S. No. 8) relating to the
claim of George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the joint
• resolution approved June 3, 1858, " devolving
upon the Secretary of War the execution of the
act of Congress entitled 4 An act supplemental to
an act therein mentioned,' approved December 22,
1854," shall be so construed as to require the Sec-
retary of War to reexamine and settle the account
therein referred to, and to admit the depositions
formerly rejected for want of authentication, if
they are now duly authenticated by the Executive
of Alabama; ana to allow such items and valua-
tions in the accounts as are proved to be due, and
are anywise affected by that testimony, without
disturbing those not so affected; and to facilitate
the adjustment, the Secretary of War is so to con-
strue the joint resolution as to require that the
claimants shall be credited with the items and val-
uations contained or specified in the official commu-
nication and statement of the Second Auditor of
the Treasury, under date of January 20,1858; but
if any portion of the items or valuations have been
heretofore allowed, they are to be deducted, and
the excess or remainder only be accounted for.
Mr. TRUMBTJLL. I should like to hear the
report. I cannot understand this from the read-
ing of the resolution.
W IVERSON. There is no report in the case.
I will state that this joint resolution was reported
by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] now absent, and on leaving here yester-
day, or the day before, he placed in my hands a
printed explanation, which contains the substance
of the case, and which I will read to the Senate.
It will explain the whole case:
"The facts in this case are not in controversy; they
are set forth in a report made to the Senate, second session
Twenty-Ninth Congiess, by the late distingushed Senator
from South Carolina, Judge Butler, accompanied by a bill
for its adjustment,and which passed the Senate, but failed
m the House of Repiescntatives for want of time.
" At the succeeding session, it was again reported by one
of the Senator* from Virginia, Mr. Mason ; the bill accom-
panying that report also parsed the Senate.
"It may suffice to say, that the case originated in the
war between the United States and the Creek Indians, and
the acts of Congress provided that the pioperty of the de-
ceased, which had been used by the tioops then in service,
should be accounted for, and liquidated by the Government.
"The questions of law and of fact are ably set fotth and
elaborated by a report from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, second session Thirty-Fourth Congress—Report H. R.
No. 206; also in a report at the same session by Mr. Rusk,
one of the Senators from Texas.
" In the preliminary examinations of the case by the Sec-
ond Auditor, a small part of the testimony only was consid-
ered; the most material portion was indorsed 'rejectedfor
want of authentication.'"
It seems it did not have the certificate of the
Governor in relation to the fact that the magis-
trates before whom the depositions were taken
were authorized to administer an oath:
"These rejected depositions were taken in Macon coun-
ty, Alabama—were withdiawn by the claimants, and for-
warded to Montgomety. The Governor of the State per-
fected the testimony by certifying, under the seal of State,
that the officers before whom the depositions were taken,
weie duly commissioned, < and that full faith and credit
were due their official acts as such.5
" It is proposed to admit this testimony now, 'provided
it be legally authenticated by the Executive of Alabama.'
"But, m the very partial adjustment made at the Sec-
ond Auditor's office, upon what testimony he deemed un-
questionable, and which was confirmed by the Comptroller,
the claimants beloved they were clearly entitled to acredit
for that amount. When the case was transferred to the
Secretary of Wai for final adjudication, in making out a
statement of the amount, he unfortunately omitted to credit
the claimants with the items and valuations previously
conceded by the Second Auditor to be due them. The ad-
ministrator of Fisher (Thomas Brown, late Governor of
Florida) complained in a memorial to Congress, asking that
these items be restored. The ca«e was i eferred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. Upon comparing the account as settled
by the Second Auditor, and approved by the Comptroller,
with the account adjusted by the Secretary of War, it was
manifest that sundry items had been omitted by the latter.
At the suggestion of the chairman, (Mr. Iverson,) a mem-
ber of the Committee on Claims (Mr. Simmons) waited
upon the bead of the War Department and asked an ex-
