1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
bato and their county judges. Sir, I will tell
the Senator from Mississippi, furthermore, that
when he has made that out of the territorial gov-
ernment; when he has declared that it is a mere
agent of Congress, that Congress exercises all
tins power in the Territories, and that it could he
as well exerciscd directly as through the agent,
for that must follow; when he has invested Con-
giess with that local authority, he has not only
broken through the Constitution of the United
States, through its express prohibition, but he
has over-ridden the decision of the Supreme Court
in Dred Scott's case.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator state the ex-
press prohibition that will be broken.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; the express prohibition
is that Congress shall cxercise that kind of legis-
lation only within ten miles square. Nowhere
else can it be exercised. It was meant for that.
Did our cautious fathers limit Congress in the cx-
ercise of this particular authority only to ten
miles square, and then, in the vast Territories of
the Union, greater than the original States, is
Congress to have imperial, arbitrary, sovereign,
unlimited authority? I say the Supreme Court,
in Dred Scott's case, decided against the Senator's
Sosition. They said that the clause, to which I
ave alluded, amounted to a prohibition 011 any
such authority by Congress m the Territories.
Therefore, I say, if that is your territorial gov-
ernment, it is unconstitutional.
Mr. DAVIS. I do notknowthat Iunderstand
the Senator. Does he say that Congress has un-
limited power within ten miles square? that the
Constitution confers power of unlimited legisla-
tion within ten miles square, and prohibits it from
exercising such power elsewhere ?
Mr. PXJGH. If 1 get the book 1 will read it
to the Senator, mid he can see for himself.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think t have read it before.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think, when the Senator has
read the language, lie will find it is just what J
have said:
"To cxercise oxc!u-i\v legislation, in all ea^es what -o
over, over such district (not excccdingten miles square) as
may, by cession of particular States and the acceptance oi
Congress, become the .seat ol the Government of the Uni-
ted States" 
Mr,
Mr.
DAVIS.
PUGH.
Mr. President 
Let me read it all:
"and to exeieise like authoiity ovei nil places purchased
by the consent oi the Legislature of the State m which the
same shall be, for the erection of ibit-, magazines, arsenals,
dock-yards, and othei neediul buildings."'.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, from what
the Senator has read, he shows 3iis argument to
be altogether unfounded upon the Constitution.
Instead of ''unlimited" ho reads 4' exclusive "
Exclusive of what? Of any other authority over
the ten miles square ceded for a seat of Govern-
ment; not unlimited power; far from it—not impe-
rial, but restricted by the grants of the Constitu-
tion—exclusive only. Then, again, so far from
its being confined to ten miles square, before he
finished reading—and he was anxious to finish it
all—hc read: "arsenals, forts, and dock-yards."
Are they within the ten miles square ? if not. on
what, 1 ask, does his argument rest?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not seem to me
to have altered his former position; and he cer-
tainly lias not disturbed mine in the least. I used
the phiasc "unlimited authority" when I spoke
of the Territories; and I say his doctrine leads to
the monstrous conclusion that, whereas even the
exclusive legislation of Congress is limited to par-
ticular places by the Constitution, hc is driven to
contend that over the Territories of the 'United
States, as they stood when this Constitution was
signed, over what was then the largest portion of
the domain over which the Constitution was ex-
tended, the power of Congress is not only exclu-
sive, but unlimited, arbitrary, wholly; without
control under the Constitution. He is driven to it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Ohio will
permit me, I will fell him that the only monstros-
ity I see is that of absurdity in his argument. He
reads here, with great emphasis, a grant of power
over ten miles square to be given for a seat of Gov-
ernment, as though that had anything to do with
the territory, and then jumps to conclusions not
founded on what I said, and equally unfounded
in the article from which hc reads.
Mr. PUGH. I say, sir, that that is a prohi-
bition to the Congress of the United States to
exercise such authority anywhere than as there
stated, and the Senator in vain may attempt to
escape it. I go further: I say the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States, in Dred
Scott's case, so decided. There I leave the Sen-
ator as to that. It is a prohibition to exercise
such authority anywhere than as there stated. I
did not think it was necessary to enumerate arsen-
als and dock-yards. Of course, when I spoke of
the extent of country, I said ten miles square;
but according to the Senator, if I understand his
interruption, and I suppose when he interrupted
me he did it to assume the negative of the propo-
sition to which 1 was addressing myself; I say,
according to that doctrine which I attacked, Con-
gress can exercise all this authority throughout
the Tenitories of the United States; I say they
cannot, and when you make a territorial govern-
ment the mere agent of Congress, your govern-
ment is forbidden by the Constitution in express
terms. You cannot make any such government;
you have no right to do it. When, however, you
stand upon the doctrine which I have stated, that
here is a portion of the public domain acquired,
to be hereafter formed into a State, and be admit-
ted into the Union as a State; that people gather
there from various States or from other countries,
and that you make a stipulation with them in the
nature of a contract between them and you, con-
tained in the organic act, in which you stipulate
to respect their local rights, their right of self-gov-
ernment, and in consideration of your protection
against foreign nations and of the privilege they
have to be admitted into the Union hereafter, you
put certain stipulations into the organic act, and
then you select any tribunals you think fit in your
wisdom to compel an observance of these condi-
tions—when you have made a territorial govern-
ment in that way, then you are fairly exercising
an incidental power to the power to admit a new
State into 1 lie Union. I say all tins attempt to
cover up a constitutional question by giving a
sectional eharactei; to say that because a man is
not persuaded of the fact, so confidently asserted
here, that a territorial government is a mere agent
of Congress, he is therefore making a disciianna-
tion between the properly of one section and
another, seems to me the merest pretense of an
argument.
But, sir, I say that the opinions which I have
expressed on the subject of a territorial govern-
ment, are not only in accordance with the Con-
stitution and with the doctrines delivered by the
judges in Dred Scott's case, bat in accordance
with th<i doctrines of the tethers of the old Dem-
ocratic Republican party, if i understand the
doctrine which has been claimed on the other side,
it is, that inasmuch as the Government of the
United States owns the public lands, and holds
those lands in trust for the people of all the States,
that, therefore, gives the Government some sort of
political control over the community to be organ-
ized on the public domain; in other words, that
there is a sort of feudal right in the Congress of
the United States to annex certain conditions to
the settlement of the Territories. Well, sir, I
shall read from a much wiser man than myself,
what lie thought on that point:
"The reason lot intrusting Contrro^ with the power of
admitting new States, was not to enlarge the pmve i s of that
body, nor to bestow on it a <?peeie« of legislation, purely
local, hut to avoid the inconveniences winch would have
resulted from tiie reservation ot the right by the parties who
hold it. Hence, as. a mac naked power or tru^t was con-
ferred, theic exiwri a precise description, m aicw woids,of
the body politic to be admitted, and aho of the compact
of which it was to become a member.
uNcw States were to be admitted into Hhit Union.' I do
not discern anv words which could more exactly have de-
scribed parties and rights. The new parties were to be the
same as the pld, and the rights received weie to be those con-
ferred or secured by 'tins Union.' If, therefore, 'thi* Union5
does not empower Congress to legislate exclusively in re-
lation to the internal civil government of each old State, it
rannot fo legislate as to those admitted. In fact, 'this
Union' would never have exited, had such a power been
proposed by the Constitution. The people of no one State
claimed any power of local legulation over another. They
nejthei thought of. nor docs there exist any compact, con-
veying such a power to a majority of States. There existed
s no"primitive power by which one State, or several, pos-
j served a right to foirrfa constitution, or to enact internal
j laws for the government of another State; and it a sound
! piineiple, that a delegated power cannot exceed the powei
Uom which it was derived.
A power m Congress of annexing conditions to the ad-
mission of States into the Union, would he m its nature
monarchical, and analogous to the feudal system. Chiefs
established that system upon the principle that conquests
were made for them, and thus obtained the right of an-
nexing conditions to grants. But with us, conquests are
made for the community, and not for Congress; and the
principle which sustained the right of annexing condition^,
m the case of feudal chiefs, fails in the case of Congress.
The community, therefoie, prescribed the rule by which
conquered lands were tt> be erected into States, in.doina
which they have not invested Congress with a power of an-
nexing feudal conditions to this disposition.
"But this feudal power of annexing conditions to
settlement of a conquered or acquired territory, by the
government of the country making the acquisition, Has even
been exploded as tyrannical both here and in England. Ohe
of our principles in the colonial state was, that emigrants
to such territories carried with them their native righ&.
The colonics claimed the rights of Englishmen, and not
only obtained them, but have I hope greatly extended them.
But this would not be the case if our emigrants should be
subjected to a diminution of their native rights by the pleas-
ure of Congress. Ail of them enjoyed the right of forming
local constitutions and laws beiore their emigration.
Congress cannot legislate over the States from whence they
removed, and may do so, by annexing conditions to a trust
over that which'the emigrants from these States may create,
it i=i obvious that these citizens must have lost some very
important native rights by an emigration from one part of
our country to another. If the colonists emigrating fTofn
England were correct in asserting, by force of arms, that
they brought with them all the rights conferred by the Eng-
lish system of government, our emigrants may also contend
that they carry with them all the rights conferred by our
system. Among these, the unconditional right to make
their own local constitutions and laws, without being sub-
ject to any conditions imposed by an extraneous authority,
has been the most important, and universally exercised by
every State in the Union."
Probably the Senator from Virginia will recog-
nize the authority. That is John Taylor of Car-
oline. That is his viewof the power of Congress
on this subject. And now, sir, as the Senator
from California has avowed that those who hold
the opinions which I have expressed—and I ex-
press them simply as my own—that any person
who denies this power of Congress, or this right
of control over the Territories against their will,
when that will is expressed in good faith, is not
fit to bo, trusted in the chair of the Committee on
Territories m the Senate, or not fit to be admitted
to any place of distinction in the organization of
the Democratic party; and that is followed up by
the attack of the Senator from Georgia, declaring
that those who entertain such opinions are un-
sound, and, if not corrupt, at least corruptible,
yielding to the assaults of the Republican organ-
ization, and assaulting the rights of the South,
and refusing her justice; I say that all this is a
very grave attempt, within the ^ast eighteen
months, to interpolate into the creed of the Dem-
ocratic party a doctrine to which the party never
have, nor have the fathers of the party subscribed,
it is m violation of the whole doctrine of State
rights. It is unmitigated Federalism, in my judg-
ment, now attempted to be thrust into the Dem-
ocratic platform; and however successful you may
be in the organization of the committees in this
Senate, I warn you, Senators, it will not succeed
elsewhere.
Now, sir, so far as I know the Democratic
party of my State and of the northwestern States,
they have obeyed, with scrupulous fidelity, the
requirements of the Federal Constitution. They
believe in the faithful and prompt execution of
the laws adopted for the delivery of fugitives
from service and labor. They consider that clause
of the Constitution an essential element in the
compact between the States, and wherever they
have had the legislative power, they have removed
every obstruction which has been placed in the
way of the execution of that law by Republican
Legislatures. In the year 1855, we had a Legis-
lature in the State of Ohio with a Republican ma-
jority, which passed several statutes, the manifest
purpose of which was to obstruct the laws for
the reclamation of fugitives from service. The
last Legislature elected by the Democratic party
swept all these laws from the statute-book. Wc
believe that it is the duty of the people of every
State to abstain from interfering with the domestic
and local concerns of the people of other States;
and there is but one sentiment, so far as I know
it, among the Democracy of the Northwest on the
subject of the attempts to interfere with the pecu-
liar institutions of the State of Virginia, and set
on foot servile insurrections in her midst, or to
attempt to subvert her government, or the due
execution of her laws. They will even go as far
as I said myself I was willing to go: they will
exert every power thatis conferred upon this Gov-
ernment to protect the people and the government
of one State against all invasion or interruptions
by the people of any other State; and we stand
by that solemn covenant made, between the De-
