2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
1840; and they added thereto, because of a ques-
tion then pending, that
" The ieannexation of Texas, at the earliest practieablo
period, is a gi eat American measure which the convention
recommend to the cordial support of the Democracy of the
Union.7'
In 1848 we virtually readopted the resolutions
of 1844; and we were a little laughed at for keep-
ing up the question of Texas after it was all over.
In 1852 a new question had arisen; the measures
of 1850 had presented with great force to the pub-
lic mind the necessity for some expression of
opinion upon the disturbing questions which the
measures of 1850 had been designed to quiet.
Therefore, in 1852, the party, true to its obligation
to announce its principles, and to meet issues as
they arise, said:
"Resolved, That the foregoing proposition [referring to
the resolution of 1848] covers, and was intended to embutce,
tiie whole subject of slavery agitation in Congress; and,
therefore, the Democratic party in the Union, standing on
this national platform, will abide by and adhere to a laitli-
lul execution uf the acts known a  the compromise meas-
ures, settled by the last Congress, the act tor reclaiming fu-
gitives liom labor included ; which act, being designed to
carry out an express provision of the Constitution, cannot,
with fidelity thereto, be repealed or&o changed as to destroy
or impair its eliicicncy.
"Resolved, That the Democratic party will resist all at-
tempts at renewing, in Congress or out uf it, the agitation
of the slavery question, under whatever shape or color the
attempt may be made."
This was the addition made in 1852, and it was
made because of the agitation which then prevailed
through the country against the fugitive slave act;
and it was because the fugitive slave act, and that
alone, was assailed, that this resolution of the
Democratic convention met the approbation of
the southern States. Had thisbccn considered as
the indorsement of the slave trade bill for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, it would not,have received their
prohibition; but the fact was known and felt and
avowed, that the agitation was in relation to re-
covering fugitive slaves, and that the Democratic
party boldly and truly met the living issue, and
declared its position upon it.
In 185G other questions had arisen. It was
necessary to meet them. Theconvention did meet
them, and met them in a manner which was satis-
factory, because it was believed to be full. I will
not weary the Senate by reading the resolutions
of 1856; they are familiar to everybody. I only
quote a portion of them:
"The American Democracy rcoogniv.o and adopt the
principles contained in the organic laws establishing the
Ten noi ics ot Kansas andATeb;a^ka as embodying The only
hound and >afe solution of the'slaveiy quo.st ton'upon winch
the great national idea ol the people of this whole country
can repose in its determined consotvariMn of the IJmon—
non-mterlerenee by Congievs with .slavery in estate and
Territory, or in tho Dmiku of Columbia " * * * *
uThar, by the umfoim application of this Democratic
principle to the organization of Territories, and to the ad-
mission of new tftati'h, with or without domestic Mavory,
ai they may elect, the equal light* of all ihe States will be
preserved intact, the original compacts of the Constitution
maintained inviolate, and the peipeimly and expansion of
this Union insured to its utmost capacity of embtacmg, in
peace and harmony, evety futine American State that may
be constituted or annexed with a lepubhcan lonu of gov-
ernment."
Pray, what can this mean? Squatter sover-
eignty? a paralysis of the Federal Government
to enact any law for the protection of slave prop-
erty anywhere? Could that be, in the face of a
struggle that we weie constantly carrying on
against the opponents of the fugitive slave law?
Could that be, in the face of tin; fact that a ma-
jority had trodden down our constitutional i ights
in the District of Columbia, by legislating in re-
lation to that particular character ot property, and
that they had failed to redeem a promise they had
sacredly made to pass a law for the protection of
slave property, so as to punish anyone who should
seduce, or entice, or abduct it fiom an owner in
this District?
With all these things fresh in mind, what did
they mean > They meant that Congress should
not decide the question, whether that institution
should exist within a Territory or not. They
did not mean to withdraw from the inhabitants of
the District of Columbia that protection to which
they were entitled, and which is almost annually
given by legislation in the States: and yet States
and Teiritories and the District of Columbia are
ail grouped together, as the points upon which
this idea presses, and to which it is directed. It
meant that Congress was not to legislate to in-
terfere with the rights of property anywhere; not
to attempt to decide what should be the institu-
tions maintained anywhere; butsurely not to dis-
claim the right to protect property, whether^n
sea or on land, wherever the Federal Govern-
ment had jurisdiction and power. But some stress
has been laid upon the resolution, which says
that this principle should be applied to
"The organization of the Territories, and to the admis-
sion of new States, with or without domestic slavery, as
they may elect."
"What does " may elect" mean? Docs it mean
the organization of the Territory? Who may
elect? Congress organizes the Territories. Did
it mean that the Territories were to elect? It does
not say so. What does it say ?
"That by the uniform application of this Democratic
principle to the organization of Territories, and to the ad-
mission of new States, with or without domestic slaveiy,
as they may elect."
And here it met a question which had disturbed
the peace of the country and well nigh destroyed
the Union—the right of a State holding slaves to
be admitted into the Union. It was declared here
that the State so admitted should elect whether it
would or would not have slaves. There is nothing
in that which logically applies to the organization
of a Territory. But if this be in doubt, let us
come to the last resolution, which says:
" We recognize the right of the people of all the Territo-
ries, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting thiough the
legally and Uurly expressed will of a majority of actual res-
idents"—
Does it stop there ? No—
"and whenever .the number of their inhabitants justifies
it, to form a constitution with or without domestic slaveiy,
and be admitted into the Union upon terms of perfect
equality with the other States."
If there had been any doubt before as to what
" may elect" referred to, this resolution certainly
removed it. It is clear they meant, that when a
Territory had a sufficient number of inhabitants
and came to form a constitution, then it might de-
cide the question as it pleased. From that doc-
trine, I know no Democrat who now dissents.
I have thus, because of the assertion that this
was a new idea attempted to be interjected into
the Democratic creed, gone over something of the
history of it. But this was followed by an act
with which the Senator is much more familiar
than myself, and on which he made remarks, to
which, I suppose, some of those who acted with
him would wish to reply. I wish merely to say,
in relation to the Kansas-Nebraska act, that there
are expressions in it which seem to me not of
doubtful meaning; such as, " in all cases involv-
ing title to slaves, or involving the question of per-
sonal freedom," there should be a trial before the
courts, and without reference to the amount in-
volved, an appeal to the supreme court of the Ter-
ritory, and from thenco to the Snpieme Court of
the United States. If there was no right of prop-
erty there; if we had no right to recognize it there;
if somebody else was to determine whether it ex-
isted or not, why did we say that the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the last resort, should
decide the question ? If it was an admitted thing,
by that bill, that the Territorial Legislature should
decide it, why did we provide for taking the case
to the Supreme Court? If it had been believed
then, as it is asseited now, that a Territory pos-
sossedall thepowerof aState; that the inhabitants
of a Territory could meet in convention and decide
the question as the people of a State might do,
there was nothing to be carried to the Supreme
Court. You cannot appeal from the decision
of a constitutional convention of a State to the
Supreme Court of the United States, to decide
whether slave property shall be prohibited or ad-
mitted within the limits uf that State; and if they
rest on the same footing, what is the meaning of
that clause of the bill?
But this organic law further provides, just as
the resolution of tho convention had done, that
when a legal majority of the residents of either
Territory formed a constitution, then, at their
will, they might recognize or exclude slavery,
and come into the Union as co-equal States. This
fixes the period, defines the time at which the
territorial inhabitants may perform this act, and
clearly forbids the idea that it was intended, by
those who enacted the law, to acknowledge that
power to be existent in the inhabitants of the
Territory during their territorial condition. If
I am mistaken in this; if there was a cotempo-
raneous construction of it differing from this, the
Senators who sit around me are better.able to
decide that question than myself, who was not
then a member of the body.
But the Senator tells us we have all changed m
relation to this point, with perhaps one exception
—I do not know that he made more—and he
claims for himself to have been all the time con-
sistent. I do not regard consistency as a very
high virtue; neither, it appears, does he; for he
told us that if it could be shown to him that he
was in error in any point, he would change his
opinion. How could that be ? Who would un-
dertake to show the Senator that he was in error?
Who would undertake to measure the altitude of
the Colossus who bestrides the world, and an-
nounces for himself " We the Democracy," as
though, in his person, all that remaineel of the
party was now concentrated 1 Other men are
permitted to change, because other men may be
mistaken; and if they are honest, when convicted
of their error they must change; but how can we
expect to convince the Senator ?
In the course of his reply to me—if indeed it
may be called such; it would seem to me to be
rather a review of everything except what 1 had
said—he set me the bad example of going into
the canvass in my own State. It is the first, 1
trust it will be the last time, I shall follow his ex-
ample. in the canvass which acquired some ce-
lebrity, which the Senator had with his opponent,
Mr. Lincoln, and the debates of which have been
published in a book, we find much which, if it be
consistent with his course as I had known it, only
proves to me how little able I was to understand
his meaning in former times.
The Kansas-Nebraska bill having declared tho
right for which I contend to be the subject of ju-
dicial decision; it having specially provided the
mode and facilitated the process by which that
right should be brought to the courts and finally
decided; not allowing any check to be interposed
because of amount, that bill having continued'the
provision which had been introduced intothcNew
Mexico bill, how are we to understand tho Sena-
tor's declarations, that, let tho Supreme Court
decide as they may, the inhabitants of a Terri-
tory may lawfully admit or exclude slavery as
they please ? What a hollow promise was given
to us in the provision for referring this vexed
question to judicial decision, in order that we
might reach a point on which we might all rest,
if the inhabitants of the Territories for whi«h
Congress had legislated could still decide the
question and set aside any decision of the Su-
picme Court, and do this lawfully. 1 ask, was it
riot to give us a stone, when he promised us bread;
to incorporate a provision in the organic act se-
curing the right of appeal to the courts, when those
couits were known to be powerless to grant re-
lief?
Here there is a very broad distinction to be
drawn between the power of the inhabitants of a
Territory,or of anylocal community, lawfully to
do a thing, and forcibly to do it. If the Senator
had said, that whatever might be the decision of
the Supreme Court; whatever might be the laws
of Congress; whatever might be the laws of the
Territories, in the face of an infuriated mob, such
as he described on another occasion, it would bo
impossible for a man to hold a slave against their
will, he would but have avowed the truism that
in every country the law waits upon public opin-
ion. But he says they can do it lawfully. If his
position had been such as I have just stated, it
would have struck me as the opinion which 1 had
always supposed him to entertain. More than
that, it would have struck me as the opinion
which no one could gainsay; which at any time
1 would have been ready to admit. Nothing is
more clear than that no law could prevail in our
country, where force is almost unknown, against
a pervading sentiment in the community. Every-
body admits that; and it was in that view of the
case that this question has been so often declared
to be a mere abstraction. It is an abstraction so
far as any one would attempt to carry this prop-
erty to a Territory against the will of the com-
munity, and hold it in security when that prop-
el ty was ambulatory, and liable to be enticed away
because it had mind enough to go. It may be an
obstraction as a practical question, but it is not
the less valuable to those who assert the consti-
tutional right. It would constitute a very good
reason why no one should ever say there was an
attempt to force slavery on an unwilling people,
