3090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
cates issued under this act; and no certificates with such
ccmpons of interest attached may be assigned and trans-
ferred by delivery oftlie same, instead of being tiansfejred
on the books of the Treasury.
Twenty-third amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That before awarding
said loan the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to be
inserted in two of the public newspapers of the city of
Wsshington, and in one or more public newspapers in other
cities of the United States, public notice that sealed pio-
posals for such loan will be received until a certain day, to
be specified in such notice, not less than thirty days from
Its first insertion in a Washington newspaper; and such
notice shall state the amount oi the loan, at what period the
money shall be paid, if by installments, and at what place.
Such sealed proposals shall be opened on the day appointed
in the notice, in the presence of such persons as may choose
to attend, and the proposals decided by the Secietary of the
Treasury, who shall accept the most "favorable offer by re-
sponsible bidders for such stock; and the said Secretary
shall report to Congress, at the coinmencementof the next
session, the amount of money borrowed undei this act, and
of whom and on what terms it shall have been obtained,
with an abstiact or brief statement of all the proposals sub-
mitted for the same, distinguishing between tho^e accepted
and those rejected, with a detailed statement ofthc expenses
of making such loan; provided that no such stock shall be
disposed of at less than its par value.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend by striking
out" $21,000,000,'' and inserting,'* $22,000,000.''
Mr. Chairman, it wiil be perceived that this is
one of the most important subjects which has been
presented to the consideration of Congress at its
present session. It is a point which may pre-
sent the only difficult subject of controversy be-
tween the House and the Senate. I trust the
committee will concur in the Senate amendment.
I trust the committee will see in this amendment
of the Senate an answer to the complaint made
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means yesterday morning, when he declared that
the Senate sent to us amendments involving a large
expenditure of money, and yet refused to pro-
vide means for its payment.
No doubt, sir, the gentleman from Ohio referred
to the failure or the refusal of the Senate to pass the
tariff bill sent to them by the House. Sir, the Sen-
ate acted wiselyin sending us this proposition for a
loan, rather than the tariff bill passed by the House.
The Senate acted wisely in concluding that the
tariff bill passed by the House would furnish less
revenue* to the country than the existing law.
They acted wisely in coming to the conclusion
that the expenditures for which they were pro-
viding were of such a character us to require the
negotiation of a loan.
Apart from the present necessity for a loan,
there would be a peculiar propriety in it from the
very nature of many of the .Senate's amendments.
The Senate contemplated expenditures to be made
on the Capitol, on the Treasury building, and on
other important public structures. These being
works that arc intended to last, and that wiil prob-
ably last, for centuries, it would be unjust to pay
the cost of those magnificent structures out of the
cunent revenues of the country. It would be
unjust to throw the whole weight of these ex-
penditures on the present generation. They will
be used by a remote posterity; and the proper
mode of providing for the completion of these
buildings is by a loan. This, sir, is an answerto
the complaint of the gentleman from Ohio; and 1
trust that the House will seethe sufficiency of the
answer. But, sir, this committee is not now in a
condition to determine so important a question.
We are not ready here, especially on this side of
the House, to meet the Senate in ils advances to
us oil a question of such magnitude as this. I
shall therefore move that the committee do now
rise; for i do not believe that we have a quorum
of members present, i shall a.slc for a vote by
toilers, and if w * have a majority of members
present, then they may use their pleasure on the
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to reply to the gen-
tleman from Virginia; and 1 hope he will with-
draw his motion lor the committee to use.
Mr. MILLSON. I have certainly no desire to
prevent the gentleman from replying to me, and
I withdraw my motion for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN We have approached the
real diiliculty of the session. There is no doubt
about that, This is the most important proposi-
tion that we ean act upon. But yet, I suppose,
there is not a member of the House who has not |
made up his mind on the subject. The question
is this: shall the Senate of tlie United States at- n
tach to an ordinary appropriation bill a bill for ij
raising revenue by a loan ? The Constitution of j|
the United States provides that all bills for rais-
ing revenue shall originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives; but the Senate may propose or con-
cur with amendments, as to other bills.
The Senate of the United States have no power
to originate any bill for raising revenue. A
loan bill is a revenue bill. Can there be contro-
versy about that? And yet the Senate have un-
dertaken here to originate a loan bill, and have
attached it to this appropriation bill. What is the
controversy between the Senate and the House ?
Do they say that a loan bill is not a revenue bill?
If you look at every report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, you will find the proceeds of a loan
entered as part of the receipts. You will find, in
the estimates of revenue, so much from customs,
so much from lands, and so much from loans or
Treasury notes. If you refer to dictionaries or
law books, you will find that a loan bill is, of all
others, a bill for raising revenue. It is the most
offensive form of a revenue bill. It is a bill to
charge on a future generation the expenses of the
present. It is the worst form of a revenue bill.
Now, shall the Senate of the United States attach
such a measure to an appropriation bill, in plain
and palpable violation of the Constitution? That
is the first question. We should meet the Senate
fairly and frankly upon this proposition; and
whatever may be the fate of this bill, we should
never permit the Senate of the United States to
force this measure upon us, in palpable violation
of the Constitution.
I think that there is an obligation on all gentle-
men, on both sides of the House, to stand firm
in this matter. It is a question which involves
the vital power of the House, the exclusive power
to allow a tax upon the people. It is a power
which is denied to the House of Lords, and which
is denied to the Senate. It is a power which can
only be exercised by the Representatives of the
people. In every free Government it is a power
confined solely to the direct representatives of the
people, and not to the representatives of States,
or of castes.
The other objection to the proposition is this:
that we should not borrow money and issue bonds
without providing some means for their payment.
There ought not to be a loan bill cxcept m con-
nection with a revenue bill; and this House ought
never to consent to a loan bill except in connec-
tion with a revenue bill. If the Senate of the
United States wished to simplify this matter, they
could have done it very easily by striking out the
details of Mr. Morrill's bill, and agreeing to
the sections ptovidmg for a loan, and sent that
amended bill back to the House. This would have
avoided all constitutional objections, and would
have presented the simple question, whether we
shall further puisuc the policy of living upon the
national credit ?
Mr. MILLSON. I withdraw the motion that
the committee rise; and I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Now, for the purpose of saying a word or two
to the gentleman from Ohio, 1 move to amend by
increasing the amount to §23,000,01)0.
My principal object, Mr. Chairman, in ad-
dressing the House, was to call its attention to
the magnitude of the occasion. I think that a
question of so much importance ought not even
to be considered while the number of members
present is so small. It was suggested that we
might, perhaps, carry on the discussion, and not
invite a vote until we have a larger number pres-
ent. But the members of the House ought to be
present to hear the discussion, as well as to give
their votes. I find that the gentleman from Ohio
complains of the Senate because, m his opinion,
the Senate has violated the Constitution. He says i
that the Constitution expressly provides that the
Senate shall not originate revenue bills.
Now, sir, in the first place, the gentleman is
giving a very great latitude to the mtorpietation
of the words " revenue bill," when he proposes
to include a pioposition toauthonzea loan. This
is never held to be a revenue bill; and even if it
were a revenue bill, docs not the gentleman per-
ceive that it is not a bill originated by the Senate ?
The gentleman just now answered his own argu-
ment. He admitted that if the Senate had sent
back the House tariff and loan bill with the tariff j
features strickcn out, that would have been proper.
And what have they done here? They have ori-
ginated no bill. They have simply amended a
House bill. Does the gentleman mean to say that
the Senate may not put amendments upon a House
bill? Does the gentleman mean to say that even
upon a revenue bill, even upon a tariff bill, the
Senate may not ingraft amendments raising"the
rates of duty in the House bill? Why, surely
he cannot mean to contend for any such proposi-
tion as that. If, then, they may amend a House
tariff bill by raising the taxes, where, I pray, is
the constitutional difficulty in sending back a bill
like this, with a proposition, in the way of amend-
ment, which may even be a revenue measure?
Sir, this is not a bill originating in the Senate.
It is an amendment proposed by the Senate, and
if the bill be passed, it will be a House bill; and
if the bill should be vetoed by the President, the
veto message will be sent to the House and not to
the Senate, because the features now complained
of by the gentleman, as involving unconstitutional
legislation on the part of the Senate, are only in-
grafted on the House bill as amendments of the
Senate. I renew the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I have no desire to make an
argument and then cut off an answer; and I will
therefore again withdraw the motion.
Mr. GROW. However this question might
have been, had the point been made when the bill
came from the Senate>the House having referred
it to the Committee of Ways and Jdeans, 1 do not
know of any way in which the point of privilege
can now be made. It is too late. In the case of
the Post Office appropriation bill, at the last ses-
sion of the last Congress, the point was made
when it first came to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania admit that it is too late to stop the
exercise of an unconstitutional power on the part
of the Senate ?
Mr. GROW. I will tell the gentleman exactly
what I mean. When one House thinks its pre-
rogatives arc invaded, it can waive them if it
pleases, and if it does 
Mr. MAYNARD. Waive a violation of the
Constitution !
Mr. GROW. If gentlemen will hear mc through
they will, perhaps,understand what I mean. We
seem to have fallen into the habit, this session, for
every one to talk except the member who is enti-
tled to the floor. Now, while I do not complain
of it, I do not think it a good way to get at a fair
understanding of gentlemen's views. "
When the bill came from the Senate to the House,
and the House proposed to take it up and refer
it, whatever point of prerogative there might have
been could then have been made. But I was
merely suggesting to the committee whether, after
w<- have refei red it to the Committee of Ways and
Means, it is not then too late to raise the point
of prerogative—whether you have not \vni\ed it.
A_ gentleman says u waive a violation of tiie Con-
stitution." Why,if the Senate should propose to
a bill of the House an amendment which some
gentlemen supposed to be unconstitutional,and
others did not, and yet they concluded to act on
it, I take it the law would be good, and I presume
no gentleman will question that.
But, to come to the point made by the gentle-
man from Virginia, that the Senate can put as an
amendment to a House bill a provision which
they could not originate as a bill, 1 dissent from
any such doctrine as that. If the Senate could
not originate this amendmentas a bill, then I take
it they cannot put it on as an amendment to a bill
for another object; for I take it that the Consti-
tution is not to be construed m such a technical
sense that where u says all bills for raising reve-
nue shall originate in the House of Uepresenta-
ti\es, it means that such measures may be put on
in the Senate as amendments to other billy. Such
a construction would defeat the object of the re-
striction that the framers of the Constitution in-
tended was to secure to the Representatives of the
people alone the origination of any bill that im-
posed burdens or taxation upon the people. Now,
whether a loan bill is such a measure, is a ques-
tion which I am somewhat m doubt about. It
pledges the faith of the Government, it is true;
but so does an appropriation bill; and yetitnever
has been decided that the Senate could not origin-
ate appropriation bills, although I believe they
have never done U by consent of the House.
That is an open question, and I do not propose
