1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
ing any present right of property, to prevent the
incoming of slaves. At the same time, I do not
claim that the Democratic party, or the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, says that. AH that I claim is, that
the judicial authorities are to decide that question,
and that a man's opinion on it, one way or another,
never was made, and never ought to be made, any
test in the Democratic party. That is my point.
Mr. GWIN. I am coming to that presently.
The Senator says he does not believe that is con-
tained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Then I luive
nothing further to say on it. I speak of that bill
as one who sustained it. In the few remarks
which I submitted at the last session—and I have
spoken less minutes on this subject than the Sen-
ator and others have spoken hours: and I never
spoke as to the question of territorial power until
1 occupied a few minutes towards the close of the
last session, ill order to put myself ri ht before
my constituents—I stated that it it had been my
belief, at the time, that the author of the bill in-
tended to give such a power to the Territorial
Legislature, I would not have voted for it. The
Senator now admits that I was right; and, there-
fore, 1 have nothing further to say as to that
point. I propose to show the reason why a single
word, contained in the Ohio resolution, that is
left out of the California resolution, makes a great
deal of difference. I want the Senator to under-
stand the position of the Democratic party of Cal-
ifornia. It is that the question of slavery in the
Territories is purely a judicial question; that it
shall be taken from the Halls of Congress; that
there shall be no intervention by Congress with
the subject of slavery in the Territories; that it
shall be confined to the local Legislatures, and a
determination of their laws by the judicial tribu-
nals. The Senator has read the Ohio resolution
on this subject. The California resolution left out
an important word of the Ohio resolution, and it
was done after elaborate discussion. The resolu-
tion was at first adopted as it was passed in Ohio,
and then reconsidered, and the word" maintain ''
stricken out. The Ohio resolution reads:
"Any attempt by Congress, or any of tile States, to estab-
lish or maintain or prohibit or abolish the relation of mas-
ter and slave ill a Toiritory, would be a departui e from the
original doctrine of our Aineiican institutions."
The California resolution omits the words " or
maintain," our object being, as I have stated be-
fore, to leave it a purely judicial question. I will
not now bring up the disputed question, whether
the Dred Scott case covers the point or not; but
suppose a case were brought before the Supreme
Court covering this prccise question, whether sla-
very was established in a Territory by our insti-
tutions and by the Constitution, and the Supreme
Court should decide that slavery constitutionally
existed there. The California Democracy intend
to leave the question open for future action,
whether, it being thus established by the Consti-
tution in a Territory, it should not be maintained,
other hand, the Ohio resolution expressly
Mr. PUGH. That is precisely what X said
awhile ago.
Mr. GWIN. So I say; and for that reason we
left out of our resolution the words, " or main-
tain."
Mr. PUGPI. I say, I will carry the decision
of the court into effect.
Mr. GWIN. And grant whatever power is
necessary for the purpose?
Mr. PUGH. I will grant whatever authority
is necessary for the purpose, within the powers
conferred on Congress by the Constitution.
Mr. GWIN. N ow, sir, I think I have answered
with regard to the resolutions of California, and
my own intentions when I voted for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. My object, and the object of the
Democracy of California, has been to take the
question of slavery in the Territories out of Con- i
gross, for the reason that we regard it as a mere !
judicial question. That is what we have always ;
contended for in the resolutions of our Legislature j
and in the resolutions of our conventions. Apor- |
tion of the Democratic party, who maintain the j
principles that have been advocated by those who I
act with the Senator—but it seems lie does not |
quite come up to them—adopted a rc solution, which
I have also read, declaring that the power of a
Territorial Legislature is absolute and complete.
That is what we were contending against.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know what you were
contending about in California, but I have never
heard that doctrine avowed in Congress by a single
man. I have never heard a Senator or Represen-
tative of any party assert that doctrine. The
nearest approach to it that I ever did hear was the
doctrine sometimes taught by the present Secre-
tary of State. Certainly he went far beyond any-
body else that I ever heard speak in Congress on
the sub|eet.
Mr. ft WIN. I have read the resolution to
which I referred from the platform of those who
call themselves the national Democracy of Cali-
I fornia—the squatter sovereignty Democracy.
' Mr. PUGH. 1 do not see what I have to do
with those gentlemen at all; I never saw their
platform. 1 do not know what, they proposed,
otherwise than as the Senator has read it to me;
and I certainly never sympathized with them.
Mr. GWIN. One thing is pretty certain—the
Senator commented pretty freely this morning on
a speech in which I riddled that platform.
Mr. PUGH. I did not object to your riddling
that platform; but I objected that if you had truly
stated what was the purpose of Senators in ^par-
ticular case, then the act hero done was entirely
wrong and unjustifiable.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator might have permit-
ted that question to be settled when all the parties
were present, if it is to 1)0 discussed in the Son-
ate. The Senator charges that it was not a manly
act to turn out the Senator from Illinois from his
position as chairman of the Territorial Commit-
tee. On that point we are willing to meet him in
On the other liana, tnc unio resolution uaui^,hv ■; r   r+
savs that if it is established, it should not be i, a manly manner, at any time, in any way. It
X . i. vrtK; tlio Hnfv of t.lio Solicitor from Ihmoi^ to bi.
maintained.
Mr. PUGH. That is the reason why 1 am
going to ask the Senator a question now. I ask
him whether, in case the Supreme Court of the
United States decides that, by virtue or authority
of the Constitution of the United States, slavery
exists in the Territories of the United States, he
will then vote for an act of Congress to render
that title effective ?
Mr. GWIN. I reply: whenever there is a time
when the laws of Congress are disobeyed, and the
executive power is not equal to the task of carry-
ing them into effect, I am ready to pass any law
that shall be necessary to enforce the Constitution. '
If the President, with the power conferred on him,
cannot execute a judicial decision within the Ter-
ritories, I am willing to give the power.
Mr. PUGH. But how does the President get
any power to execute a judicial decision ?
Mr. GWIN. Has he not his marshals and
judges and his whole judicial system ?
Mr. PUGH. Then I understand the Senator s
proposition to be this: that, in case the court make
such a decision, he will vote for such power, ex-
ecutive and judicial, as will carry the judgment of
the court into complete effect.
Mr. GWIN. I say the power exists now.
Mr. PUGH. But if it does not, you will give
more.
Mr. GWIN.
Certainly.
was the duty of the Senator from Ilhnoi _
hen* when the Senate was organized; and, if he
was absent, that was his fault, and not the fault j
of those who were called on to form the commu-
ters. I contend that, when he had avowed doc-
trines on the subject of the power of a Territorial
Legislature that were in direct conflict with the
opinions of a majority of the Democratic Senatois,
who are in a majority m this body, and who are
held responsible for its organization, it was then
duty to continue him 110 longer as their organ in
that committee; and when he had ;i\owed those
doctrines in the recess of the Senate, between the
former formation of those committees and the time
we were then called upon to form them, it was
proper for us to take notice of his action. I say
that the opinions he expressed on that question
were not those of the Democratic party; and if
they were, he was entitled to be retained as^ chan -
man of that committee. Whether I am right or
wrong, we are both entitled to our opinions. I
have expressed myself on all occasions that, if the
Senator from Illinois had been the chaiima.il of
any other committee, I would not have disturbed
him for his opinions on this question. 1 believe
it was right to displace him, as chairman of the Tci-
ritorial Committee, after he had announced those
opinions, which were new, at least, to some of us;
they ■were to me. 1 refer especially to his doc-
trine that a Territorial Legislature could lawfully,
by non-action or unfriendly legislation, prohibit
slavery, and that such was the true interpretation
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
The Senator from Ohio has stated that this doc-
trine of non-action and hostile legislation is the
doctrine of nine tenths of the Democracy of the
non-slaveholding States. He may speak for his
own State; but I represent a non-slaveholding
State, and I say that such is not the doctrine of
the Democracy of California. We have tried the
question before the people, and those who main-
tained that doctrine have been condemned by an
overwhelming majority. We^ went^ before the
people on that very question in California, and
wc triumphed. I speak for one of the non-slave-
holding States; and I say that not only is lit not
the doctrine of the Democracy of that non-slave-
holding State, but, in my judgment, there arc
many other non-slaveholding States that the Sen-
ator does not properly represent when he says
that such is the doctrine of the northern Democ-
racy. I speak for my own State, and I deny, in
toto, that the Democracy of California entertain
any such opinions. We Went before the people
on that very question; and it was decided, after
one of the most exciting contests eter known in
any country, directly in the teeth of the position
of the Senator. I maintained then, and 1 main-
tain now, that that doctrine is dangerous to the
integrity of the Democratic party, because it takes
from the judicial tribunals of the country the set-
tlement of a question that ought to be left there.
Mr. PUGH. As the Senator is rather attempt-
ing to make an issue of fact, not so much by con-
tradicting anything I said as by saying that I
asserted something and then contradicting it, I
will ask a question. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from California to say that the portion of the
party with which he actcd, and which I always
supposed was the regular organization, disclaimed
and put outside of the party those who believed
ill the doctrine of Judge Douglas's Free-port speech
—that they put them outside of the organization,
and treated them as men not Democrats and not
sound?
Mr. GWIN. I undertake to say this, that the
friends of Judge Douglas ill California had a
convention and nominated a ticket, and that the
regular Democratic party had a convention and
nominated a ticket, and we beat their ticket very
largely. That is what I said, and that is the issue.
I have just read the resolutions adopted in the con-
vention of what was called the popular sovereignty
party.
Mr. PUGH. Perhaps I can refresh the Sen-
ator's recollection. My attention was called to it
1 by the tragedy which followed. In the State con-
vention the very speech made by Judge Terry,
'> which led to the tragedy in California, was made
1 to showadistinctionbetween the position of Judge
Douglas and the position of the Senator's late
colleague. He said that persons who agreed with
Judge Douglas in opinion on that question were
a part of the regular Democratic party in every
State-, and hundreds of them in the State ofCal-
ifornia; and that the objection made to Mr. Brod-
erick was simply that he had left the organization
and acted with the Republicans. That is my
recollection of Judge Terry's speech.
Mr. GWIN. The point was this: that Judge
Douglas maintained the Democratic organiza-
tion in his State, and stood by it whether he was
in a minority or a majority, while the other, when
he could not command a majority of the party,
went out of it. It was said that Judge_ Douglas
and those who actcd 111 hiss namo in California, dif-
fered; that he had a majority in his .State, but
those who pretended to represent his views in Cal-
ifornia being in a minority, bolted and ran a sep-
arate ticket, and therefore were not properly con-
sidered in the same position, for he did maintain
his allegiance to the regular organization in Illi-
nois. It was not intended in the removal of Judge
Douglas from the position of chairman of the
Territorial Committee, to disturb his relations as
a member of the Democratic party. It was only
intended that he should not be the organ of the
Democratic party in the Senate with these partic-
ular views of his 011 the territorial power-—views,
I believe, which are entertained by only the[sena-
tor from Illinois and the Senator from Ohio, 01
this whole body, at this very juncture.
Mr. PUGH. Some of them have progressed,
and changed their opinions very lately.
