1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30§t
to discuss it now. An appropriation bill pledges
the faith of the Government; but, if there is no
money in the Treasury, it imposes no tax upon
the people. You must provide, in some way or
other, to raise the taxes to pay the appropriations;
and that is the class of bills about which there is
no doubtthat the Constitution declares shall origin-
ate in the House ofRepresentatives. Then what-
ever collects money, 1 do not care whether it be
a bill or an amendment, by taxes on the people,
the Senate cannot originate. "We send them bills
for that purpose, and they may amend them,
under the clause of the Constitution. But if you
look at the parliamentary precedents, you will
find that the House of Lords cannotamend a bill
of the House of Commons with any amendment
that the Lords could not put in a bill by itself
and originate. On that point there have been
many eases in the British Parliament. The Com-
mons would not permit their bills to be amended
by the Lords with clauses that imposed taxes or
burdens on the people. So in this case: what the
Senate cannot originate they cannot put on as an
amendment; and if the gentleman from Virginia
takes the position that a loan bill is a revenue
measure, then it is clear that the Senate cannot
put it on as an amendment to our bill.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 distinctly denied it.
Mr. GROW. Very well; then the question is,
whether a loan bill is a revenue measure. A'ly
idea about the constitutional point is, that what-
ever imposes taxes, or, in the old English par-
liamentary language, "burdens" upon the people,
cannot be originated in the Senate. Does a loan
bill do that? If so, the Senate can neither origin-
ate it nor put it on as amendment to our bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does not
any measure which raises money—raises the
wind—come under the head of a revenue bill?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr, ETHERIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I move
to reduce the amount ten dollars., I do not think
that this subject, or any one of this magnitude,
ought to be considered on a mere point of eti-
quette. As was remarked by the gentleman from
Ohio, we have now approached the real difficulty
of the session, and we are called upon to determ-
ine our action in regard to the most important
matter that has come before us during the whole
session.
Everybody remembers that, in July, 1857, when
the existing tariff went into operation, it was not
ninety days before a financial revolution was pre-
cipitated upon the country; and from that time to
the present the. public mind has been directed to
the question of a revision of our commercial pol-
icy. At the opening of this Congress, the'Exec-
utivc expressly urged upon the Representatives of
the people—that branch of the Legislature which
has a right to orginate revenue measures—not an
increase of our loans, but a revision ^f the tariff,
so as to rai.se money enough to meet the current
expenses of the Government.
This Congress has now been in session for five or
six months; and yet the Senate have stubbornly
refused to make any change whatever in the ex-
isting tariff, notwithstanding it has been recom-
mended by the Executive, and notwithstanding
the well-settled judgment of the country is un-
mistakably in favor of the change. It is every-
where conceded that it has entirely failed to meet
the expectations of its authors. The question,
then, is, shall we continue this policy of borrow-
ing money, or shall we go back to a policy which
is indicated by experience, and by which we may
raise, in a legitimate way, sufficient re venue to meet
the current expenses of the Government?
Sir, 1 will remain here until the 4th of March :
before 1 will vote to raise one dollar by borrowing
unless we, at the same time, provide the means
of payment. If we adjourn, and the Executive
calls us back in extra session, it will be well to
remember that we have already before us the rec-
ommendation of the President for a change of the
existing tan IF. No one believes the present tariff
is adequate to our necessities. I repeat, sir, that
I conceive no question ha«i been better settled in
the public judgment within the last two years
than that our present tariff policy should be re-
vised and changed, so as to meet the actual ne-
cessities of the times. * I say it is absolutely in- ]
cumbent upon us, who have to respond to the j
judgment of the people, that we should enforce,
if possible, a judicious revision of the tariff during
the present session. -If the bill passed by this
House is imperfect in its details—and it is doubt-
less so—let the Senate send it back with such im-
provements as they may suggest. They have
had time enough to consider it; they have time
enough even now to consider it before the day
fixed for the final termination of this session. If
the question is adjourned over until next winter,
everybody knows that, in the excitement attend-
ing the incoming Administration, when the loaves
and. fishes are to be distributed, unless the tariff
is remodeled before that Ume,itwill notbe touched
at all. Yet the Senate have felt themselves au-
thorized to devote only two days of the present
session to a consideration of the defective revenue
policy of the country, and then have given it the
go-by until next winter, when they know per-
fectly well it will be almost impossible to give it
a careful consideration then.
Now, the question which we have to consider
is, whether this House, as the representative body
of the people, and the only body authorized to
originate a levenuc bill, are to ignore the instruc-
tions which they have received at the ballot-box
for a judicious revision of the tariff, or whether
they will submit to the dictation of the Senate, and
continue a borrowing policy which has been con-
demned alike by the President and by the people?'
Mr, PHELPS. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee whether he voted for
the tariff of 1857?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr STANTON. I trust the members of this
House will now make up their minds definitely
what they intend to defc if we are finally to con-
cur with the Senate in this amendment, then do
not let us consume days and weeks in maneuvers j
and committees of conference, butconcur with the i
Senate, and take the loan bill at once. I repeat, \
Mr. Chairman, that 1 hope gentlemen will now
take their stand, and either resist this amend-
ment, to the loss of the appropriation bill itself,
or else agree to it now. i fur one am prepared to
take my stand, and fight it out to the bitter end.
1 am prepared to do it for two or three reasons.
In the first place I hold, with my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that, in the shape m which this amendment is be-
fore us, it is unconstitutional. I hold that that
provision of the Constitution which prohibits the
Senate from originating a revenue bill is not to be
avoided by originating a revenue measure and
attaching it to another House bill. It is a sub-
stantial violation of that provision of the Consti-
tution which requires that ail revenue bills shall
originate in the House of Representatives.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order,
and 1 think the gentleman from Ohio will see that j
it is properly taken. 1 subnnt that he is not op- i
posing the amendment. ;
Mr. STANTON. 1 am opposing it. I am j
opposed to any modification of this amendment (
that does not reject it altogether. j
Mr. MILLSON. I insist upon my question of I
order, because I think the practice is productive
of mischievous consequences. The gentleman
himself the other day cut off all discussion on one
side, by making a spcech nominally m opposition
to the amendment, m favor of the views of the
gentleman who proposed the amendment. I think
the rule which allows one speech of five minutes
in favor of an amendment, and one of five minutes f
in opposition, is entirely perverted by this prac-
tice.
Mr. STANTON. I take it for granted that this
debate is not to be terminated until all gentlemen :j
who desire shall have an opportunity of speaking, 'j
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio j!
must confine his remarks to opposing the amend- ;i
ments which have been offered. jj
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. I am opposed to ■:
granting any amount whatever in the shape of'i
loan. The point I make upon the gentleman from ''
Virginia is, that the common-sense construction :
of that clause of the Constitution which provides
that all bills for raising revenue shall originate in
tlu-. House of Representatives, is not to confine the j
power to thetecUnieaiterm" bill," because other- -
wise the Senate might originate a revenue meas- ,
ure in the shape of a jomt'resolution, and then it ,
would not be a bill. The plain meaning of the j-
Constitution, I submit, in its substance and in its j;
spirit, is that the immediate Representatives of the *
people shall be intrusted with the power .of ori-
ginating, m whatever shape they may come, all
measures for raising revenue to meet the expenses
of the Government. That is what it means; and
the provision of the Constitution may be urged.
just as legitimately against this amendment of the
Senate as it could against a bill itself. -It may
not authorize us to go to the extent of refusingto ,
consider the amendment; but it is, I submit, a.
reason which may legitimately be urged against
concurring in that amendment.
But, aside from that, there is, I submit, the sub-
stantial objection, that, upon every sound princi-
ple of political economy or statesmanship, and of
individual economy, no nation or no individual
ought to go on from year to year creating debts
without providing the means of payment. "What
has been the course of this Government? You
have been borrowing from year to year, and pay-
ing interest upon your debts; you have been re-
newing your loans to meet prior obligations; and
so you have continued the policy of borrowing
and renewing from one year to another. I sub-
mit that it is a course which will eventually bank-
rupt any nation or individual. I submit that it is
the manifest duty of Congress to provide, from
year to year, the means of meeting all its liabili-
ties, without the necessity of borrowing one year
to pay the debts of another. There is no states-
manship in it; and we might justas well meet the
question now as hereafter, as to whether we aro
to have a tariff or not.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Etiieiudge] says that the policy embraced
in the existing tariff law has been condemned by
the American people; that their deliberate judg-
ment has been pronounced against it. 1 should
like to know where the gentleman from Tennes-
see has found the evidence of any such judgment.
What party in this country has ever ventured to
incorporate a protective tariff system as an article
of faith into its creed or resolutions? Has the
Republican party done it?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. MILLSON. I think not. Has the Amer-
ican party done it? No, sir. No single existing
political party has ventured to come before the
American people standing upon the doctrine of a
protective tariff; and yet the gentleman from Ten-
nessee has said that the principle of the tariff of
1857 has been condemned by the American people.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I did not use the word
" protective " in the remarks I made. I used the
word " revision."
Mr. MILLSON. I would like to know when
the American people have been called upon to
pronounce judgment upon that tariff at all. They
never have pronounced judgment upon it. It is
claimed by the Opposition parties that the mis-
deeds of this Administration, the Kansas and the
Lecompton outrage, and the corruptions of the
Government, have provoked the popular displeas-
ure. These are the respective complaints of the
Republicans and the southern Opposition; and
now, when it suits them to oppose a measure
which they want to defeat, they invoke the judg-
ment of-thc American people to sustain them in
their opposition. Sir, there is no well founded
objection to the tariff bill. The gentleman from
Tennessee has himself declared that that tariff bill
commenced its operation during asoason of com-
mercial disaster. We have not entirely recovered
from it. The gentleman from Ohio has said that
we are going on making loan upon loan, borrow-
ing money to pay former debts, and borrowing
money to pay the interest. Docs not the gentle-
man know that there has been no increase, eitherin
Treasury notes or in the loan? The disasters of
one year rendered it nccessary to effect a tempo-
rary loan. We have made no other. We have
not yet found it convenient to pay off that loan;
but we contemplate no addition to the public debt,
it has not been increased. The present tariff is
rapidly augmenting the public levenue, in a year
or two it will yield an amount suificient not only
to pay all the expenses of the Government, but
the existing debt; and yet gentlemen complain
that we are not ptovidmg means to pay our debt.
We are providing means. Tile existing tariff is
providing moans.
[Here the hammer feil.]
