1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
that general debate in the Committee of the Whole
contributes, in some degree, to the public welfare.
I am not prepared to deny that, under proper
restrictions, good maj result from general de-
bate. But, sir, I do think, and I believe the con-
current judgment of the members of this House
is with me—certain I am that the popular senti-
mentof the country is with me—that that general
debate has been the prolific source of unnumbered
abuses, far overbalancing any good that may be
effected by it. I do not deny that, with others,
on occasions, I have participated in those abuses.
I do not, in moving for their correction, pretend
that I am free from the sin I ask may be prevented
in others.
In addition to the waste of time I have referred
to, in addition to the expense of including writ-
ten essays in the columns of the Congressional.
Globe, what is said and printed is not really in
the nature of debate. It does not devolop the
policy of the country; it does not develop the
views of Congress upon administrative subjects,
with which we have to deal; it does none of these,
to do which would be proper and profitable; but
the member who takes the floor in the Committee
of the Whole consumes an hour with his general
remarks upon the questions which he may wish
to treat—generally not the pending question before
the House for consideration, but something, it
may be, not before Congress, and which will not
come before it; and he will not permit interrup-
tions, because of the fact that he is confined to the
limit of an hour.
Now, it is within the knowledge of all of us that
it frequently happens members in hour speeches
make mistakes of fact, or proceed upon false
hypotheses which deserve instantaneous correc-
tion; yet when gentlemen rise to make that cor-
rection they are refused the privilege. Resides
that, members feel a delicacy in trespassing upon
the courtesy of the House when a member is upon
the floor occupying an hour in making a speech.
In this manner loose and inaccurate statements
go out to the country nncontrovcrtcd. Wrong
and injurious impressions are made upon the pub-
lic mind where these statements circulate. If,
with every such statement, the proper correction
could go out, then there would not exist the ob-
jection which I now urge. Because incorrect state-
ments go out uncontroverted, and false hypothe-
ses are promulgated, leading to false impressions,
I insist that general debate in the Committee of
the Whole is a real grievance to the country.
It is not only a useless consumption of time, but
questions are discussed not before us for legisla-
tion, which agitate the public mind,and, sir, I am
sorry to say, which are too often designed to iigitate
the public mind. In that committee'it would seem
that we put ourselvesup for political schoolmasters
ofthe people, and their teachers as well, in matters
of morality. I think that it is all wrong. I believe
that we are here, in the contemplation of the Con-
stitution, to legislate upon practical governmental
measures which come before us for our action;
and that, when we undertake to make speeches
outside of our legislative duties, we act outside of
our constitutional duties. If members desire to
communicate with their constituents—and it may
often happen that such a proceeding is necessary—
there is a convenient channel to do that, which is
alike open to all, and that is to* be found in the
columns of the public press. When members
make speeches hero, they have to publish them at
their own expense, and to circulate them at their
own expense, except so far as the postage is con-
cerned. I imagine that it would bo just as cheap,
when a member desires to address hisconstituents,
to write a letter to them and have it published,
instead of making a speech here to that end.
Upon that ground, therefore,general debate can-
not be considered as necessary for a proper com-
munication between members and their constitu-
ents. When members communicate with their
constituents in the manner I suggest, they will be
considered to communicate their own particular
views, isolated from any debate where the views
of others would be reported. Speeches are made
hero in the Committee of the Whole when, in re-
ality, but very few members are present, which
go out to the country as if made in the presence
of a full House—speeches stating propositions of
importance, citing facts of importance, and assum-
ing import int premises. They go out uncontro-
verted,ond the impression is made upon the public
mind that they could not be controverted, how-
ever wrong they may be, when, in truth, there
was no opportunity presented for any correction
to go out with them.
Mr. Chairman, this general debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole consumes, I will venture to
say, one fourth of the time of the House. Per-
haps I am too low in my estimate, and I had
better state that it consumes one third of our time.
It thwarts the beneficial objects of legislation; it
lowers us in the scale of public estimation; it in-
duces that disregard of our proceedings, so perti-
nently referred to yesterday by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Gaunett;] it entails heavy
expense upon the country, by unnecessarily in-
cumbering the columns of the Congressional
Globe with extraneous matter; and, more than all,
it diverts the minds of members from the properand
legitimate business of the session. However in-
convenient it may be felt to be in this House, and
however strongly it may be condemned by us, it
is still more tiresome to the country, and still
more strongly condemned by the people of the
country. There is nothing to which my attention
has been oftener directed by the people of the
country than the crying evil of this useless con-
sumption of time, in what we call general debate
in Committee of the Whole, of questions not be-
fore us for consideration. I am assured that the
country will feel grateful to us, that it will b&
benefited by the beneficial results to our legisla-
tion, if we-adopt my amendment or something
like it, that looks to the same object.
I know, sir, that in the thirty-second amend-
ment there is, to some extent, a limitation im-
posed upon abuse of general debate; but it does
not go far enough. It' only relates to the discus-
sion of questions which are made special orders.
Tt ought to go further. I trust, sir, that my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not de-
sire, as I do not intend, to occupy the time of the
committee beyond a few minutes; for I am anx-
ious that we may get through with these amend-
ments as soon as possible. And I will say, just
here, that I trust, there will be no more debate
than is necessary to the elucidation of the ques-
tions which are really before the committee. Mr.
Chairman, I cannot concur with^the gentleman
from Texas in the amendment which ho has
offered. I think that it is unnecessary and un-
wise. I believe that the committee on the revision
of the rules have gone as far as they deemed pru-
dent, and as far as they thought the House would
sustain Jjiem in going, when they confined debate
to the questions directly before the House. It is
known, sir, that now debate in the House is con-
fined strictly to tlie-question immediately pending,
and that it is only m Committee of the Whole,
that great safety-valve, that there can be general
debate. Yet the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Reagan] proposes that debate shall be limited
there, or prevented altogether; because, under his
amendment, it will be within the power of a ma-
jority of the Committee ofthe Whole to take the
President's message outinto the House,or within
the power of a majority of the House not to refer
it to that committee; so that there will be no ques-
tion there whatever upon which general, political,
and, I believe, salutary, wholesome, and neces-
sary debate will bo in order.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, as I think a
great deal of misapprehension exists upon this
subject, I desire to say a word or two upon it.
Upon inquiry of my friend from Texas, [Mr.
Reagan,] I learn that the object of his amend-
ment is to require the discussion in Committee of
the Whole to be confined to the subject referred
to it. My friend from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
seems to oppose this suggestion, and thinks that
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union debate need not be confined to the subject
under discussion. Now, sir, I differ with both
gentlemen; and say here, however strange the
assertion may seem, that, tinder the existing rules
of the House, applied to discussion, either in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
or in the House, no debate is in order at any time
except upon the subject under consideration. The
mistake made by my friend from Texas [Mr.
Reagan] is in not adverting to the fact that, when
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is charged with the consideration of any
qaestion, it is the state of the Union which is the i
subject under consideration; and I have been sur-
prised, and sometimes annoyed,"at the effort of
gentlemen to amend our rules by providing that'
all discussion shall be confined to the subject
under consideration. _ It needs no amendment of
the rules to require discussion to be confined to
the subject under consideration; and the House,
in referringany bill to the Committee ofthe Whole
on the state of the Union, declares that the state
of the Union shall be the subject under discus-
sion. It would be attended, as the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Washburn] has suggested, with
very mischievous results, if this House should
confine debate, at any time, to the very bill re-
ferred to the consideration of the committee.
■ A brief historical reference to the origin of the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
may not be uninteresting. It is connected with
the struggle of liberty against despotism. It was
a contrivance of the British Parliament to escape
from the supervision of the Speaker, who was
formerly the creature of the Crown, appointed by
the Crown, and whose election, even at this day,
is subject to the approbation of the Crown. It
was to enable them to carry on discussions freed
from the supervision of this officer, and to be
controlled only by a chairman of the committee
appointed by themselves. Thus, whenever it be-
came important to consider the state of the nation;
whenever it became important to escape from the
strict rules applied by the Speaker, the House of
Commons would resolve itself into a committee of
the whole on the state of the nation; and they
would go into the committee of the whole on the
state of the nation for the very purpose of discuss-
ing those questions which it might not be per-
mitted them to discuss by the proposition actu-
ally before the House. And, in voting the supplies,
it was the privilege of the House of Commons,
first to determine upon administration,and to re-
fuse all supplies until there should be a redress
of grievances. And so it is now, Mr. Chairman,
in England and in this country.
If the House wish at any time to confine debate
in Committee of the Whole to the bill referred to
that committee, they have nothing to do but to
refer it to the Committee ofthe Whole House; and
when a bill is referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, there can be no discussion except
upon the merits of the bill itself; and no irrelevant
subject can be considered in connection with a
bill so referred. We have fallen into the mistake
here, from the practice ofthe House to refer nothing
to the Committee of the Whole House but private
bills. If the House pleases, they may refer a bill
for the construction of the Pacific railway to the
Committee of the Whole House, and not to the
Committee of the Whole House upon the state of
the Union. If we wish to escape this irrelevant
discussion upon any bill, refer it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, usually called the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar, but
not necessarily so; but it is only because we are
not in the habit, of late years, of referring any
question to the Committee of the Whole House
except private bills. But it is within the power
of the House to refer all bills to the Committee of
the Whole House; but whenever they refer a bill
to the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, then you put the state of the Union
in question; you invite debate upon all questions
that relate to the condition and state of the Union.
And it is a very great mistake to suppose that any
discussion which relates, however'remotely, to
the condition of the Union, is out of order or irrel-
evant to the subject referred to that committee.
I think, then, sir, that it would be attended with
very mischievous results were we to adopt the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Tex-
as, [Mr. Reagan.] It would be striking down
the most valuable privilege of the Representatives
of the people; it would be taking from them the
privilege of discussing the condition of the Union
m connection with appropriation bills, or with
all other bills, the success of which maybe in some
degree dependent upon the opinion of members
as to the state of the Union. 1 hope, therefore,
this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me here say one word.
What I wish to say is this: that so far as the dis-
cussion in relation to the state of the Union is
concerned, no man who has witnessed the discus-
sions on the state of the Union in this House
will deny that these discussions have done more
