3092
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
June 16,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall op-
pose this Senate amendment, not only upon con-
stitutional grounds, but upon the ground that this
Administration, if it needs money, should aid us,
in the branches of the Government where it has
control, in raising that money by honest means.
Now, sir, the Senate cannot pretend that they
have not time to consider this question—a ques-
tion which has been considered, by the country
for years; a question which has been forced upon
the consideration of the country by disasters aris-
ing from an inefficient and bad tariff. If the Sen-
ate have any desire to revise the tariff, they have
had time enough; and we have now given them
another week. Let them set honestly about it,
and let them give a square vote upon the tariff,
and not evade it, or put it out of the way, and
send us a temporary plan of relief by raising a
loan, and yet providing no means to meet the
loan. Until the Senate shall have honestly sent
us a tariff bill which we can consider; until they
shall have honestly tried some means for raising
a revenue, I, for one, will never vote to adjourn.
I do not know what the other friends of a tanlf
may do. I know how patriotic we are; but I
know, also, how this hot weather sometimes
melts down this side of the House. I have seen
this thing tried before,and I cannot predict what
they will do; but I trust that, for the present—1
trust that never, until the Democratic party shall
agree to a revision of the tariff which shall give
labor to the people and revenue to the country,
we will never indulge them in a loan.
The gentleman from Virginia says that the
present tariff is raising revenue enough for the
purpose of sustaining the Government. H<jre is
a letter, just received from the Secretary of the
Treasury, and he admits that his estimate of the
revenue will not be fulfilled, and that the revenue
will not meet the wants of the Government: and
he asks that we shall have the right to issue
Treasury notes. This letter has only come in
this evening, and therefore cannot be placed in
the hands of gentlemen.
But how is this tariff raising a revenue? By
the importation of a destructive amount of for-
eign goods; by bringing in, in a single year,
$400,000,000 worth of foreign fabrics, withdraw-
ing our specie ftom the country, and prostrating
the labor of the country. We are using foreign
fabrics, instead of those made by American hands.
In that view of the case, every dollar of revenue that
the present tariff raise., is a curse to the country,
and is prostrating the great interests of the coun-
try; and not only that, but it is taking away the
circulating medium of the country. I look upon
that effect as most alarming. I hope there will
be found nerve enough here among the friends of
the tanlf to stand byit,though it mayresultin the
defeat of this whole bill.
Mr. BON HAM, 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania if the letter to which
he has referred recommcnds a loan ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
The amendment of Mr. Mii.lson was not agreed
to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend by re-
ducing the amount $1,000,000. The only ques-
tion involved in this whole issue is in regard to
the expenditures of the Government, on the one
part, and to the taxes on the other. I believe that
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etiieridge]
voted for the tariff bill of 1857; and I desire to
ask him whether that is so?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 was a member of that
Congress, and I believe that on the night of the
3d March the tariff bill came in under the report
of a committee of conference, and 1 voted for it
in common with the great body of the members;
but i have long since been satisfied of the neces-
sity of a revision of that tariff.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman intimates
that he voted wrongly, then. 1 believe that lie
voted for all the motions touching the larilf ques-
tion of 1H57; and I understand that, during his
canvass, lie stated to his people that $40,000,000
was a sufficient sum for the expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I wish, Mr. Chair-
man~—
Mr. CRAWFORD, Docs the gentleman deny
my statement?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I said that Mr Buchanan
stated that that was enough.
Mr. CRAWFORD. What is the opinion of
the gentleman? Does he not concur with Mr.
Buchanan on that point?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I did not know how
much money was necessary. I only stated that
the Democrats spent too much. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I concur with the gentle-
man that the amount expended by this Govern-
ment is much larger than its ought to be. Fifty
million dollars was the entire amount that was
expccted to be raised annually under this tariff
bill; and I say that that is a sufficient amount of
money for the Government to expend. This
tariff will bring in that amount whenever the trade
and commerce of the country shall be brought
into the condition in which it was when the tariff
bill of 1857 was enacted by Congress.
The gentleman lefcrred to a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. The estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury were that the tariff
would yield a revenue of $56,000,000. It may
not reach that amount, but it will reach from fifty
to fifty:five million dollars. There is not the
slightest doubt of it; and that is as much money
as this Government ought to expend in any one
year. It is true that if we go on appropriating
money as we have appropriated during the pres-
ent session of Congress, probably from seventy
to seventy-three million dollars will be necessary
to meet those appropriations. But for these ap-
propriations I desire the country to remember
that we o  this side of the House are not respons-
ible. [Laughter on the Republican side.j We
have not voted for the millions that have been
piled up during the present session of Congress,
and which weie wholly unnecessary, in appro-
priation bills and other bills passed by Congress,
and against which a majority on this side of the
House have uniformly voted.
It is the most i tmiurkablo instance in the his-
tory of the Government, that a e.lass of gentle-
men should be elected to a Legislature, and should,
for the purpose of giving relief to their people,
ask the Government to burden them with taxes
heavier than those which they now bear. It is
very strange to me. AH the revenues of the Gov-
ernment must come from the people. And yet
you say that your people, "who are laboring un-
der the difficulties of the tariff of 1857, want re-
lief; and the relief that you ask is to increase the
amount of the burdens and taxes now imposed
upon them. Wh<refoie the necessity of altering
the tanlf of 1857, except to increase the amount
of expenditures of the Government? The proper
way to give relief is to reduce the expeiiditiues;
but you propose relief by increasing taxes, which
I hope will not be adopted. And it is well known
to all men that if we were to raise §100,000,000 a
year, it would be expended, and our only hope
m preventing extravagance is to withhold the
money. Let me say to ihe gentleman ft'.m Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] that if lie wilt not give
away the public lands, we migh_t receive large
amounts of revenue from that source.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. ( desire to say a few words
in introducing what I consider as a very extraor-
dinary document. I desire to call the attention of
the House to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances, made last
December, in which he estimates the balance m the
Treasury on the 1st of July next,at $14,343,808.
In the letter which he now sends to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, he estimates the balance
at §4,750,000. In the annual report he estimates
the receipts from customs at $60,000,000. He now
estimates them at$58,000,000. He then estimated
from public lands at $4,000,000. He now esti-
mates them at $2,000,000. 11c then estimated the
receipts from miscellaneous sources at §2,250,000.
He now estimates them at §1,250,000. So that
the Secretary, in six months,'shows that, in every
item of his estimates of receipts, he has been mis-
taken to the amount of at least five million dol-
lais.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The estimates of the pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury have come nearer
to accuracy than those of any Secretary of the
Treasury we have had from the commencement
of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then all that I have to say
is, Set us no longer look to the estimates of any
Secretary of the Treasury, if they do not come
nearer to accuracy than these. The Secretary,
in his annual report, requires §53,000,000 to pay
the ordinary expenses of the Government. Al-
low me to say that this House sent to the Senate
bills reducing the appropriations #1,500,000 below
that sum, embracing every item necessary to
carry on the operations of the Government; and
I am happy to say that the gentleman from Geor-
gia cooperated with me in that reduction. But
the Senate have increased the appropriation bills
to the amount of $8,000,000; and I have no doubt
that the operation in the Senate to-day will in-
crease the amount'to at least $10,000,000. If they
had passed the appropriation bills as we sent
them there, the expenditures of the Government
would have been reduced below the estimates;
but instead of that they will be very largely in-
creased.
But now the Secretary of the Treasury shows
that he wants $72,000,000 for next year, while lie
estimates the receipts at but $.65,000,000, show-
ing a deficiency for the next fiscal year of between
seven and eight million dollars; so that, in addi-
tion to the $21,000,000 required by this amend-
ment, he will want another loan to carry on the
Government during the next year, even if the
appropriations arc kept within his estimates; hut
to that ^8,000,000 has got to be added at least
$10,000,000 more for various items which he has
enumerated, showing that the deficiency for the
next year will be something like eighteen million
dollars.
The Secretary of the Treasury, instead of com-
plaining of the Senate—of his own political friends
—fortius large increase, takes occasion to refer
to the pension bill introduced by my friend from
New York, [Mr. Fenton,] which he estimates
will take $6,000,000. It is sufficient to say that
this bill is not a law, and is not likely to be. That
is the only objection which the Secretary of the
Treasury makes to the action of the House. All
other additions to the estimates have been placed
on these bills by the Senate of the United States,
which is strongly Democratic.
Now, on the showing made by the Secretary
of the Treasury, there will be a large deficiency
in the current revenue forthc next year, for winch
we have to provide, either by another loan, in
addition to the loan now asked, or by a tariff bill.
Is it possible this House and the country will
longer tolerate this utterly reckless financial pol-
icy—a policy that, if adopted by any private cit-
izen, would lead to inevitable ruin? And yetthc
Secretary proposes nothing—nn change of the
revenue law. Even his annual prescription of a
new loan seems to be forgotten, although the fig-
ures he gives us will make such a loan inevitable.
1 send to the reporters the letter of the Secretary,
foi publication in the Globe.
The letter is as follows:
Treasury Dkpartment, J?«.nc 1850.
Pni: la view ol the e.uly adjournment ot t'ongies-?, !
Mihmit to you a statement ol the pinhable means oi the
Treasiuy, and the probable demand* upon it, tor the fiscal
je.u ending June 3J, 1861.
The modification of* the estimates now submitted, is
based upon the actual operations ot the Depaitment since
the time my annual icpoit ot December 22, 1859, was pre-
paid .
Tli'- piohnive amount in the Tieastiry on the 30th Juno,
18b0,\vi ! be  §4,750,000
The leecipN (or the next fiscal yeai aic esti-
mated a-, follow*;
From eu.-aonii  ">8,000.000
Fiom land-s  2.0J0,0'J0
Miscellaneous  1,225,000
Making an aggregate of means for the year of..$65,975,000
'Die estimated expenditures for the same peiiod aie—
Foi unexpended balances o! appropnattons toi the piopent
fiscal year $17,R25 611
Permanent appropriations  8,173.582
New appropnations estimated for  40,2'/8.893
Making an aggregate of 
',089
[f the same amount of unexpended balance* should rfc-
maui at the end of the next fiscal ye.u a< w Ui leninio at the
cIotp of the present, theie Wiil remain ot tlK> ano^e amount
$17,825,314 uncalled lot dining thu year, and should theie-
lore be deducted from the above aggiegato ol ^7^d,0c9,
winch would leave the, miiii oi $34,-152,175.
The unexpended balance, however, at the close of the
presentiiscal yeai, is much laigei than usual, owing to pe-
euliai causes, and should not bo taken as the b.ise, of a >ufe
estimate. The u>ual unexpended balance at the end ol a
fiscal year does not ordinarily much cxceed the sum of
§12,000,000. Deducting that amount from the aggregate
estimated expenditures of the next fiscal year, and ltloaves
the sum of^,'60,278,089 to be provided loi. Deducting this
amount from the estimated means of the Treasury tor the
samepenod, and it would leave the sum of §5,696,911 in
