1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
equally so in the other; and therefore, in the con-
struction of that law, in the enactment of which
the Senator has described him as forming so
prominent a -part, his view is entitled to consid-
eration.
In all these territorial bills we have the language
"subject to the Constitution;" that is to say, that
the inhabitants to manage their local affairs
in their own way, subject to the Constitution;
which, I suppose, might be rendered thus: "in
their own way, provided their own way shall be
somebody else's way:" for " subject to the Con-
stitution" means, in accordance with an instru-
ment with which the territorial inhabitants had
nothing to do; with the construction of which they
were not concerned; in the adoption of which they
had no part, and in relation to which it has often
been questioned whether they had any responsi-
bility. My own views, as the Senator is aware
from previous discussions, (and it is idle to go
over things we have discussed,) are that the Con-
stitution is coextensive with the United States;
that that includes the Territories; that the Terri-
tories are necessarily subject to the Constitution.
An opposite view,however, wearcwellaware, has
bpen maintained. But if they be subject to the
Constitution, and subject to the organic act, why
use that language ? "That organic act being the
law of Congress, that Constitution being the com-
pact of the States—the territorial inhabitants hav-
ing no lot or part in one or the other, save as they
are imposed upon them—where is their claim to
sovereignty? Where is their right to do as they
please ? The States have a compact, and the agent
of the States gives to the Territories a species of
constitution in the organic act, which endures and
binds them until they throw off what the Senator
on another occasion termed the minority condi-
tion, and assume the majority condition as a State.
The remark to which I refer was on the bill to
admit Iowa and Florida into the Union. The
Senator then said:
"The father may bind the son dining his minority, but
the moment that he (the Mm) attains ins majority, ins tet-
ters are severed, and he isliee toieyukU'' his own conduct.
So, sir, with the Terntones ; they are subject to the juris-
diction and eootiol of Congress during infancy, their mi-
muity; but when they attain their majority, and obtain
admission into the Union, they are free from all restraints
and restrictions, except such as the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States imposes upon each and all ot the States."
This was the doctrine of territorial sovereignty
—perhaps that is the phrase—at that period. At
a later period, in March, 1856, the Senator said:
"The soveieigntv of ji'JYrntory remains m abe)anco,
suspended m the United Sidles mtiu-tforthe people, until
they Miall be admitted into the Union a* a Statt. In the
mean time, they are admitted to enjoy ande.\eicw. all the
right* and privileccs of soSf-<ioveinment, m subordination
to the Constitution of the United States, and m obedience
to the oigamc l.iw passed by Congress in pursuance ot that
insuumerit."
If it be admitted—and I believe there is no issue
between the Senator and myself on that point—
that the Congress of the United States have no
right to pass a law excluding slaves from a Ter-
ritory, or determining in the Territory the rela-
tion of master and slave, of parent and child, of
guuidiau and ward; that they have no right any-
where to dccide what is propeity, but are only
bound to protect such rights as preexisted the
formation of the Union—to perform, such func-
tions as are intrusted to them as the agent of the
States—then how can Congress, thus fettered,
confer upon a Territorial Legislature, by their
organic act, a power to determine what shall be
property within the limits of such Territory?
But, again, if it were admitted that the territo-
rial inhabitants did possess this sovereignty; that
liiey had the right to do as they pleased on all
subjects, then would arise the question, if they
were authorized through thcirrepresentatives thus
to act, whence came the opposition to what was
called the Lecompton constitution? How did Con-
gress, under this .state of facts, get the right to in-
quire whether those representatives in that case
really represented the people. Still more; how
did Congress get the right to decide that those rep-
resentatives must submit their action to a popular
vote in a manner not prescribed by the people of
a Territory, but convenient and proper in the
judgment of the Congress of the United States?
What revisory function had we, if they, through
their representatives, had power to act on all such
subjects5
1'liave necessarily, in answering the Senator,
gone somewhat into the argumentum ad hominem.
I have not entirely exhausted it, I think, how-
ever, I have said enough to show the Senate in
what the difference between us consists. If it be
necessary further to illustrate it, I might ask how
did he propose to annul the organic act for Utah,
if the recognition of a sufficient number of inhab-
itants in a Territory by the Congress transferred
the sovereignty to the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory? If sovereignty passed by the recognition
of the fact that the number of inhabitants was suf-
ficient for the organization of a government, how
did he propose, by congressional act, to annul the
territorial existence of Utah?
It is this confusion of ideas, it is this confound-
ing of terms, this changing of language, this ap-
plying of special meanings to words, out of which,
I think, a large portion of the dispute arises. For
instance, it is claimed that President Pierce, in
using the phrase " existing and incipient States,"
meant to include all Territories, and thus that he
had bound mo to a doctrine which precluded my
strictures on what I termed squatter sovereignty.
This all arises from the misuse of language. An
incipient State, according to my idea, is the terri-
torial condition at the moment it changes into
that of a State. It is when the people assemble
in convention to form a constitution as a State,
that they are in the condition of an incipient State.
Various names were applied to the Territories at
an earlier period. Sometimes they were called
" new States,"because they were expected to be
States; sometimes they were called " States in
embryo," and it requires a determination of the
language that is employed before it is possible to
arrive at any conclusion as to the difl'eiences of
understanding between gentlemen. Therefore it
was, and, 1 think, very properly, (but not, as the
Senator supposes, that I wanted to catechise him,)
that I asked him what he meant by non-interven-
tion, before T commenced these remarks.
In the game line of errors was the confusion
which resulted m his assuming that the evils I
described as growing out of his doctrine on the
plains of Kansas, were a denunciation, on my
part, of the bill called the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
At the time that bill passed, I did not foresee all
the evils which have resulted from the doctrine
basedupon it, butwhicli I donot thinkitcontains.
I am not willing now 10 turn 011 those who were in
a position which compelled them to act and made
them responsible, and to divest myself of any re-
sponsibility which belongs to any opinion I enter-
tained. I will not seek to judge after the fact and
hold the measure up against those who had to
judge before me. Therefore I will frankly avow
that I should have sustained that bill if 1 had been
in the Senate; but I did not foresee or apprehend
such evils as immediately grew up on the plains
of Kansas. I looked then, as our fathers had
looked before, to the settlement of the question of
what institutions should exist there, as one to be
determined by soil and climate, and by the pleas-
ure of those who should voluntarily go into the
country. Such, however, was not the ease. The
form of the Kansas-Webraska bill invited to a con-
troversy—not foreseen. I was not charging the
Senator with any responsibility for the cause of
it; but its very terms invited contending parties
to meet on the plains of Kansas, and it well nigh
eventuated in civil war. The great respect which
even the most lawless of those adventurers in
Kansas had for the name and the laws of the Uni-
ted States, served, by the timely interposition of
the Federal force and the Federal laws, to restrain
civil war, which well mgh broke, out on the plains
of Kansas. It did exist, so far as combat was
concerned.
This brings me, Mr. Picsident, in this sort of
rejoinder, to the meaning of the phrase, "the
people of a Territory, like those of a State, should
decide for themselves, "&c ,the language quoted
against the President in the remarks of the Sen-
ator. This, it was assumed, was squatter sov-
ereignty in its broadest sense; and it was added,
that tlie present Executive was elected to the high
office he holds on that construction of the platform.
Now, I do not know how it is that the Senator has
the power to decide why the people voted for a
candidate. I rather suppose, among the many
millions who did vote, there must have been a
variety of reasons, and that it is not in the power
of any one man to declare which determined the
result. But waiving that, is it squatter sovereignty
in its broadest sense ? Is it a declaration that the
inhabitants of a Territory can' exercise all thro
powers of a State ? It says that, "like the people
of a State," they may decide for themselves.
Then how do the people of a Statb decide tfie
question of what shall be- property within tfitr
State ? Every one knows that it is by calling a
convention, and that the people, represented' in
convention, and.forming a constitution as a fun-
damental law, do this. Every one knows tliat,
under the constitutions and bills of rights which
Erevail in the republican States of this Union, no
legislature is invested with that jjower. If this
be the mode which is prescribed in the States—
the mode which the States must pursue—I ask
you, in the name of common sense, can the lan-
guage of the President be construed to mean that
a Territorial Legislature may do what it is ad-
mitted the Legislature of a State cannot; or that
the inhabitants of a Territory can assemble a con-
vention, and form a fundamental law overriding
the organic act, to which the Senator has already
acknowledged they stand subject until they bo
admitted as a State ?
Wc of the South, I know, are arraigned, and
many believe justly, for starting a new question
which distracts the Democratic party. I have
endeavored, therefore, to show that it is notnew.
I have also asserted, what I think is clear, that if
it were new, but yet a constitutional right, it is
not only our province, but our duty to assert it—
to assert it whenever or wherever that right is
controverted. It is asserted now with more force
than at a former period, for the simple reason that
it is now denied, which has never been known
before. We do not seek, in the cant language of
the day, to force slavery on an unwilling people.
Wc know full well there is no power to do it;
and our limited observation has not yet made us
acquainted with the man who was likely to have
a slave forced upon him, or who could get him
without paying a very high price for him. He
must first have the will, and, secondly, he must
have a purse to enable him to get him. They arc
too valuable among those by whom they are now
owned, to be forced upon anybody who does not
want them. I do not admit in any of its extent
the docrine which the Senator promulgated in his
magazine articlc in relation to the local character
of slavery. At tho same time, I recognize the
laws of nature, and that emigration will follow in
the lines whore every spelies of labor may be most
profitably employee!; and all we have asked, since
we could not get the fulfillment of the original
compact of our fathers, was that there should be
no discrimination; that all property should be
equally protected; that we should be permitted to
go into every portion of the United States save
where some sovereign power has said slaves shall
not bo held, and to take with us our slave prop-
erty in like manner as we would take any other;
no more than that. For that, our Government
has contended on the high seas against foreign
powers. That has entered into our negotiations,
and has been recognized by every Government
against whom a claim has been enforced. Where
our property was invaded on the land during tile
period of an invasion, Great Britain restored it, or
paid for it. Wherever it has suffered loss on the
high seas, down to a very recent period, we have
received indemnity; and where we have not, it
was only because the arm of the Federal Go vern-
ment was paralyzed by this miserable strife ill
relation to property held by individuals, with
whom those making the interference had no con-
nection.
I do not admit that sovereignty necessarily
exists in the Federal Government or in a territo-
rial government. I deny the proposition, which
is broadly laid down, of the necessity which must
exist for it ill tho one place or the other. I hold
that sovereignty exists only in a State, or in the
UnitpdStatesintheirassociated capacity, to whom
sovereignty may be transferred, but that their
agent is incapable of receiving it, and, conse-
quently, incapable of transferring it to Territory
inhabitants.
I was sorry for some of tho remarks which the
Senator thought it necessary to make, as to the
position of the South on this question, and for his
assertion that the resolutions of tiie convention of
1848 put the pro-slavery men and the Abolition-
ists on the same ground. I think it was alto-
gether unjust. I did not think it quite belonged
