1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
licve any honest court, such a one as would be
sent to that Territory, would decidc such enact-
ments invalid, as violating that principle of equal-
ity of States upon which this Government must
rest. The principle of equality of States must be
maintained. Their equal right in the Territories
is so clear to my mind, that X cannot imagine how
any gentleman can gainsay it. The territory is
the common property of all the States, and I am
sure that the northern people would not submit
to any such system of taxation, or any such legis-
lation, in a Territory, as would cxclude them.
The northern Democracy arc just; and,while they
would not submit to that course of policy on the
part of the South, they would not attempt to ex-
clude the South by a system to which they would
not submit themselves.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to correct the Senator
from Oregon. I am certainly surprised, after the
great pains I undertook to express my opinions,
to hear the Senator reiterate the assertion of the
Senator from California, that I had declared my
opinion that it was proper, or just, or right, or
even competent, for a Territorial Legislature, by a
mere indirect fraud, or unequal taxation, or re-
strictions on the right of suffrage, or anything
of that sort, to prevent emigration, or to give the
people who emigrate from one section of the coun-
try an advantage over those who emigrate from
another. I explained what I thought on that
point. While my friend from Oregon probably
did not hear me, I think it extraordinary, after I
corrected the Senator from California twice or
thrice, that it should be reiterated. I do not
believe in any of these doctrines of unfriendly
legislation, as you expound it; I never did. If the
people of the southern States are entitled, under
the Constitution or otherwise, to this right; show
me the right, and 1 am opposed to all attempts to
evade the question.
Mr. LANE. I understood the Senator from
Ohio, in response to the Senator from Missis-
sippi, to say that the right was with the people
of a Territory to establish or prohibit slavery.
Mr. PFGH. Yom, sir.
Mv. LANE. And to regulate their own do-
mestic policy in their own way, m all respects.
Mr. PUGH. I think they have a right to do
precisely what the Territorial Legislature of Ore-
gon did, one! what was afterwards affiimed by act
of Congress; they excluded slavery there.
Mr. LANE. Well, Mr. President, t desire to
say that J do not behave the people of a Territory
have a right to exclude or establish or abolish
slavery. No such right is conferred on them by
the Constitution. I recognize the principle of the
equality of the States—their equal right in the
Territories. Any man has a right to go from any
State of the Union into the common territories of
this Government, and take with him what is rec-
ognized as property in the State from whence he
goes, and to hold it in the Territory while the
territorial condition remains; and when the peo-
ple of the Territory ^omo to form a State govern-
ment, they have a right to say whether the State
shall be slaveholdmg or non-slaveholding; and as
they decide, it is the duty of Congress to admit
them. But I hold that the people of a Territory
have not a right to prohibit slavery, and 1 would
not agree that they have the right to establish it;
because the Territory is the common property of
all the States of this Union, and every man, as I
said before, has a right to go there, and take with
him his property, and enjoy that property while
the territorial condition exists; and if the Legis-
lature of a Territory shall undertake, by legisla-
tion, to bar the interests or the rights of any por-
tion of the Union, I believe any honest court will
decide such legislation to he null and void, be-
cause it is in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States. I know my friend will say that
from that court there is an appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States. With the decision of
the Supreme Court the Democracy of the North
will bo willing to rest.
Mr. PUGH. Did I understand the Senator to
say that a Territorial Legislature had no right to
establish slavery any more than to prohibit it? I
heard him imperfectly at this distance, and I want
to know if that is his proposition.
Mr. LANE. My proposition is, that Congress
has no power over the question of slavery; that
they cannot, under the Constitution, establish it
in a Territory or prohibit it; and that a legislative
assembly in a Territory, deriving its powers from
Congress, cannot do what Congress itself cannot
do.
Mr. PUGH. Then you hold that a Territo-
rial Legislature has no power to establish slavery?
Mr. LANE. No power to establish it, and no
power to prohibit it; but that property goes there
like all other property, on an equal footing with
other property; and while the Territory is in a
territorial condition, it has that protection which
the Constitution extends to it, and which an honest
court would give it, and the common law of the
country secures to it.
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to interpose at this
point. If I understand the point between the two
Senators, I would solve it in this way: no south-
ern State has ever claimed that cither Congress or
aTeiritorial Legislature was to establish slavery
in a Territory, but that sla\*e property, like any
other property, went there under the Constitution
as a matter of course, and, being there, it was en-
titled to the same protection as any other prop-
erty, and to have it from whatever power gave
protection to other people s property, whctlicr it
came from the Legislature or from the courts. No-
body, as I understand my own people, certainly
as I understand myself, has ever claimcd that this
Government was in any way bound to establish
slavery in a Territory; but we say slaves are prop-
erty under the Constitution, and go as property
like anything else to a Territory, and there re-
ceive protection as other property. That is all.
Mr. PUGH. That is a mere verbal criticism
on the word "establish." I say any law to main-
tain it, protect it, give it force or effect, is estab-
lishing it, according to every dictionary.
Mr. BROWN. Not at ail.
Mr. PUGH. But the question I want to ask
the Senator from Oregon is this: I understand him
now to soy that a Territorial Legislature has no
power to establish slavery Now,germane to the
resolution which I have offered, will the honora-
ble Senator vote to abrogate so much of the laws
of N<*w Mexico as establish slavery, on the ground
that they are wholly void?
Mr. LANE. Mr. President 
Mr. BROWN. I protest against the assump-
tion of the Senator from Ohio that there are any
laws in New Mexico establishing slavery. J deny
his proposition, and assert that there are no such
laws; but I assert, on the contrary, that slavery
went there under the Constitution. It went as
horses went, as cows went, as dry goods went,
as any other property went, and then the Legis-
lature, m discharge of a solemn duty, enacted laws
for Us protection. The law which protects a thing
already carried into a Territory under the guar-
antees of the Constitution, does not establish it
there. Nov/, sir, if the Senator from Oregon will
allow me for one moment 
Mr. PUGH. The Senator has got between me
and the Senator from Oregon, I will debate that
with him. We can have the statute of New
Mexico here.
Mr. BROWN. Very well. I assert that the
laws which protect dry {roods, and the laws which
protect ammnl property, do not establish such
things m the Territory aspropertj'; but all these
things come in, under the guarantees of the Con-
stitution, as property, and. being there, they are
protected as a matter of course: and all that the
Territorial Legislature of New Mexico has done is
simply to protect that, as pioperty, which went
there under the guarantees of the Constitution.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, it is not my pur-
pose to discuss this territorial question. 1 am
tired of it; the country is tired of it; and I hope
that the discussion of it will soon cease; but it is
so essential, in my judgment, that justice and right
prevail, that I feci it my duty to give my views
m relation to the rights of ail the States of this
country in a Territory, while it remains in a ter-
ritorial condition. I have heard gentlemen. Sen-
ators and others, talk about the value of the Union
and their devotion to it. No man loves it more
than I do, and no one would make greater sacri-
fices to maintain and preserve this Union. I
would do it at the moment when the country re-
quires it, at the expense of every drop of blood;
but to maintain that Union, the Constitution must
be maintained in its spirit, in its letter, and in its
meaning. The principles of justice, and equality
must prevail m this countryj or there can be no
Union. Sir, as much as I love this Union, as
much as I am devoted to it—and no one is more
so than myself—I would not ask to have this
Union maintained by the violation of the Consti-
tution itself. If the northern States of this Con-
federacy could not have equal rights "with the
southern States in the Territories, and equal jus-
tice under all circumstances, would they remain
in the Union ? If we want to preserve it, let us
be just, do right, deal fairly by every portion of
this country, and not hold that the Territory be-
longs to the North, to free labor, or to the South.,
to slave labor; for it is not so. It belongs equally
to all; all of them have an equal right in it; and I
would submit to no wrong from the South. Be-
ing a northern man, T would submit to nothing
that infringed the rights of the northern States in
the Territories of this Union. No man would be
more prompt to resent a wrong, an insult, or an
indignity, or injustice attempted to be perpetrated
on the northern States by the South, than myself;
and while I would submit to no wrong; from that
quarter, I would ask them to submit to none
from us.
I intend to be just by all; to deal rightly with
the whole country; to know no section but the
Constitution and the Union: to carry out its pro-
visions and its guarantees, and the rights which
are secured by it to tho States of this Confederacy.
I do not see how any man who loves the Union
and the Constitution can discriminate between the
sections of this country, and pretend to say that
the common territory of all shall be given exclu-
sively to free labor or to slave labor. The citi-
zens of the States have equal rights in the Terri-
tory while it remains in the territorial condition;
and when the people who inhabit it come to form
a State constitution, then it is their right to pro-
hibit slavery or to establish it as they see fit, and
they have a right to be admitted into the Union
as they shall decide.
I did not intend, sir, to say anything on this
territorial question; and I should not have said a
word on this occasion, but that! heard very indis-
tinctly some question which was piopounded by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, to which the
honorable Senator from Minnesota rose to res-
pond, and I desired to know what the question
was, so that I, too, mightrespoiuL I say again to
that Senator that tho Democracy of the North differ
in opinion upon this question. I regret it. I can
agree with him, and with our old friend Douglas
—for they are both good Democrats—upon all es-
sential questions, this only excepted. They will
both labor to prevent the election of a sectional
man to the Presidency, nrd will, I have no doubt,
do all in their power to fcnirc the election of the
nominee of the Charleston convention. Both love
this Union; they stand upon the principle of right
as they understand it: but 3 must differ from them
as to the power of the people in aTerritory,while
in a territorial condition; but, as 1 said before,
they will, I have no doubt, labor faithfully with
the Democracy to secure the election of the nom-
inees of the Charleston convention.
Now, sir, I hope the Senator from Ohio is sat-
isfied with my position as to tho Territories, and
also with the fact that I recognize him as a good
Democrat, because f know him to be so, and I
know he will not dispute my Democracy becausc
T happen to differ in opinion with him upon a
matter that I regard as essential to the peace and
harmony of this country.
I will say,before I take my seat, that this ques-
tion was made m our late election in Oregon, and
I took an active inteicst in it; and it required the
labor of sound Democrats there to secure the elec-
tion of a reliable national man to represent that
State in this Congress. The question was plainly
and fairly submitted to the people of Oregon, and
in every speech that the member who represents
that State, in the other branch of Congress, made
before the people, he took the ground that the
citizens of all the States had equal rights in the
Territories, and that the North had no right to
infringe the rights of the South, or the South to
infringe the rights of the North. I canvassed
nearly every county in the State in that campaign,
and I made myself understood everywhere, I
made the point clearly that, in my judgment, all
the States of this Union had an equal right, and
all their citizens had an equal interest in the Ter-
ritories—rights that coulu not, nor must not be
infringed or violated. The Democracy of that
State triumphed; and, by their votes at the ballot-
