1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the Treasury on the 30th of June, 1861. This amount would
by increased by any excess of unexpended balances over aud
above the $12,000,003 estimated to remain unexpended at
the end of the next fiscal year.
This statement shows that the means of the Tieasury
will be ample to meet all the demands which were esti-
mated for. The necessity for additional means* depends
entirely upon the excess of appropriations made and to he
made by Congress over the amount estimated for.
The bill providing fortheincieaseof the pay of the Navy
will require an additional appropriation oi $500,000.
The sum of $350,000 is requited to meet the expense of
returning the captured Africans to Afiica.
The amount that will be required to pay the private bills
Fa&jjed by Congress cannot be estimated with any accuracy,
twill, however, in all probability, not fall below $1,500,000.
X understand that appropriations have passed either one or
the other branch ol Coijgic&s, on the general appropriation
bills, for the following objects and amounts :
For Tiea ury extension and other public build-
ings      «...........$1,500,000
For fortifications over aud above the estimates.. 600,000
For Texas regiment    750,000
For payment of Oregon war debt  3.000,000
For watei vvoi ks    500,000
For jail in Washington  250,000
For payment of militia called out in New Mex-
ico, Stc.     100,000
For Choctaw Indians  1,000,000
Increased expense of Post Office Department.... 1,000,000
$8,700,000
The aggregate of these additional appropriations is
$11,050,000.
A bill for additional payment to invalid pensioners, esti-
mated by the Inteuor Department to exceed §6,000,000,
has passed the House of Representatives, as 1 aminfoimcd,
and is now pending in the Senate.
If these appropuations, and others of which T have no
information, should be made by Congress, means must be
provided to meet them. Most of them are of an cxtraoi-
dinary character, and are not legitimately chargeable to the
ordinary expendituies of the year. At the same time, they
wili be called for during the year, and provision should be
made to meet thorn, if Congress should pass them.
It is proper to add, that I have made the foregoing esti-
mate of the means of the Treasury for the next fiscal year
upon the basis that Congress will authorize the leissue of
the $20,000,000 of outstanding Tieasury note*. These notes
will fall due during the year, and without tins authouty
their redemption would make an additional draft upon the
Treasury tor such amount as should be pi evented lor pay-
ment. To pay tins amount of the public debt in the cornsc
of one year, and m the piesent condition of the Treasury,
is not contemplated. Whilst no additional loan is asked
for, the authority to seissue these Tieasury notes is indis-
pensable.
1 am, veiv respectfully, rour obedient servant,
" HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of Ike Treasury.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
' Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. "Wasiiburne, of Il-
linois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly the
amendment of the Senate to the legislative and
executive appropriation bill, and had come to no
conclusion thereon. -
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all debate on
the pending amendment be terminated when the
committee shall have resumed its consideration.
Mr. GROW. 1 hope the debate will not be
closed on this loan.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio; for he has misrep-
resented the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say one word
to the gentleman from Ohio. 1 am sure that he
does not desire to do any injustice to this side of
the House. I wish merely to say to him that it
■was by the merest accident in the world that I
returned to the House myself this evening. I
had supposed that there would be nothing under
consideration except the contested-election case,
and nothing but speaking on that, and I know
that a large number of gentlemen oil this side of
the House went away with the understanding
that no business was to be transacted. I appeal
to the gentleman to allow us to adjourn under these
circumstances.
Mr. SHERMAN. Objection was made to £0-
ino* on with the election case, and also to having
speeches, unless a quorum was present. I thought
that, if a quorum was compelled to attend," we
ought to go on with the public business; and the
House agreed, before taking a recess, to come
back and dispose of this bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit to the
gentleman that we might now go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and listen to a few patriotic speeches.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of giving
gentlemen an opportunity of saying what they
desire to say, I will extend the time allowed for
debate to any reasonable length.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I suggest to my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that an hour or two of discussion might be al-
lowed upon an amendment of this importance.
Mr. SHERMAN. A majority of the House
can dispose of the question as they choose. I
move to close debate on this amendment in fif-
teen minutes.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the yeas and nays will
be withdrawn, and that the gentleman from Ohio
will allow us to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill has got to go to a
committee of conference. Why not let it go at
once ?
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdalc, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bnstow, Burch, IUnnett, Horace F. Clark,
John Cochrane, Cox. James Craig, John O. Davis, Ether-
ldge, Florence, Garnett, Gurtreil, Gilmer, John T. Harris,
Hatton, William Howard, Jones,Landrum, MacJay, May-
naid, McClernand, McQueen, Millson, Morse, Nelson,
Niblack, Pendleton', Phelps, Pryor, Pug'), Quarles, lleagan,
Itoyce. 1'ufiin, Scott.Sickles, William N. 11. Smith, Stau-
ton, J^mes A Srewait, William Stewart, Thomas, Vance,
Walton, Woodiuff, and Wright—51.
NAYS— Messis. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
nch, Alley, William c. Anderson, Babbitt, Barr, Bingham,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Biab^on, BiajKm, Buflinton, Bur-
Iinsatnc, Butteifield, Campbell, Carter, Colfax, Crawfoid,
i)awe«, Delano, l)ucll,£dgciton,Eh t, Ely, Fenton, Ferry,
Fo^tci, Frank, French, Gooch, Grow, llall, J. Morri-
son Han j-, Ilelmick, William A. Ilow.ud, Humphrey,
Hutchm^. Juukin, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Killingei, Lee, El-
bert S. Martin, McKoati, McKnight, McPher^on, IVIoor-
head, MotriH, Edwatd Joy Morn?, Nixon, Olin, Palmer,
Peyton. Poitei, llicc, Iticg's, Christopher Robinson, Sher-
man, Spmner, Stevens, Stokes, Suatton, Tompkins, Trim-
ble, Vandev'-i, Yerree, Wade, Cadwalaoer C. Washburn,
Kllilm B Wasdibuine, Isiael Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
Wmdom, and Wood—75. ^
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RUFFINannounced thatMr. Branch had
paired off with Mr. Hale.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Keitt for the evening.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. English and
Mr. Kilgore had paired off.
Mr. PEIIRY stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Smith, of Virginia, for the remainder of the
evening.
Mr. SCOTT announced thatMr. Stout, being
unwell and unable to be present, had paired off
with Mr. Looms.
Mr. TRAIN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Robinson, of Illinois.
Mr. MILES stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Jones.
Mr. CURTIS announced that he had paired off
with Mr. McRae.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Lo\e for this evening,but only oil the
Kentucky contested-election case, and therefore
he had voted on this question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY announced that he had
paired off with Mr. Scott on the subject of the
tariff, and with Mr. Hale on the Kentucky con-
tested-election cise. Oil all other questions he
was unpauvd.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
The question r< curred on the motion to close
debate m fifteen minutes; and being taken, the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
bukne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the amendments of the Senate to
the legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill; the pending question being on the amend-
ments of the S nate to authorize a loan.
Mr. PHELPS. I move, pro forma, to increase
the amount of the loan $2,000,000.
I desire the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,1 that I may see whether I
understood correctly tne remarks which herriade
in calling the attention of the committee to the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
estimates which he has submitted to us. If I un-
derstood him correctly, he stated that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury , in his annual report, esti-
mates the balance which should bs in the Treasury
on the 1st of July next at a little over fourteen
million dollars; and that, by his recent estimates,
he shows that there will be a balance in the Treas-
ury, on the 30th of June next, of only $4,750,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should, in justice to the
Secretary of the Treasury, state that from that
sum there should be deducted the Post Office de-
ficiency.
Mr. PHELPS. That is just what I have risen
to call the attention of the committee to. The
Secretary says that, deducting the Post Office de-
ficiency, which in the last year amounted to about
five million dollars, it will leave between four mil-
lion and five million dollars in the Treasury at the
close of the present fiscal year. In his subsequent
communication he states that the balance will be
a little less than four million dollars; thus show-
ing a remarkable correspondence between the es-
timates of the Secretary and the result as it has
actually transpired. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio if this is not a fair statement in that partic-
ular, as far as the balance in the Treasury is con-
cerned?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the gentleman does not
understand correctly the estimated balance in the
Treasury on the 30th of June, 1860. Itwill leave
in the Treasury, according to the statement of
the Secretary of the Treasury, on the 30th of
June next, §4,020,000, while the original esti-
mates of the Secretary were for about four mil-
lion seven hundred -and fifty thousand dollars;
certainly a less discrepancy than usually occurs
between the estimates and the actual results.
I now come to the estimates of receipts and
expenditures. The estimate of the Secretary
of the receipts for the year ending on the 30th of
June next, was $56,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. My statement was in re-
lation to the next fiscal year.
Mr. PHELPS. I am now speaking of this
fiscal year. It is true, that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual estimates, stated the re-
ceipts for the next fiscal year at $60,000,000; and
that upon the revision of his estimates, he now in-
forms us that the receipts will reach probably
only §58,000,000; but I ask if that is an unreason-
able difference in consideration of the events which
have since transpired ? Is there not actual war
existing in Europe at this time, and is there not
a prospect that within the next year there will
be a general European war, which must, as a
matter of course, greatly derange the trade and
commerce of this country, and which, as a neces-
sary consequence, must greatly diminish the rev-
enues derived from our imports, thereby creating
a deficiency of as great magnitude as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury now contemplates?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I trust the committee will give
me consent to finish the statement I had com-
menced. [Cries of " Go on !"] The annual esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury were not
made in view of this probable state of facts. I
quote from his report. He says:
cc In tlic estimated means oftlicTrensuiyfortlie present
and the next fecal years, it will be seen that no piovision
is mnile for the peim,merit lcdemption of any poition otttie
$20,000,003 ofTiCJ-uiy notes. The authority for reissuing
these note;- will expire on the 30lh of June next, ami itwill,
therefore, be iK-ce^saiy for Congress tn extend the law for
another period."
It will be seen, therefore, that these estimates
were made up without taking into consideration
the redemption of the Treasury notes; and when
all the facts are taken into consideration, these
annual estimatesof the Secretary of the Treasury
were more nearly correct than the estimates usu-
ally are.
