186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
box, indorsed that great principle*—one that must
be maintained, one thatcannot be violated; for, on
that great principle of the equality of the States in
everything that belongs to the General Govern-
ment, the happiness of this country depends
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 1 rise to express
the deep gratification which I feel at having list-
ened to the speech of the Senator from Oregon.
There is in it more of conservatism, more of gen-
uine nationality, more of that broad sentiment
which covers this whole country, than m any
speech which I have heard pronounccd in the
Senate during the present session; and i perhaps
should not be extravagant if I said more than I
have heard during half a dozen sessions. I om
not prepared to say that, upon every delicate point
which the Senator has touched, I should precisely
agree with him, until I shall first have seen his
speech in print, and had time to' study it; but, in
its temper, in its general tone, in its broad na-
tional sentiments,! concur withhimmostheartily.
As a southern Senator; as one who has been ac-
counted a little extreme m his opinions; and at
the same time as a Senator who feels that he never
did, at any time, entertain or express an extreme
sentiment upon any question; I think I can see
the point of difference between the two Senators,
and where they may be harmonized on a broad
national basis. I know not how better to ap-
proach the point of difference between them tliun
to express my own opinions, and ask whether
they do not concur with them; and if they do not,
then to ascertain in what we differ. The Senator
from Oregon comes from the Pacific; the Senator
from Ohio from the central part of the Confeder-
acy: and I, you may say, from the extreme South.
What 1 hold then—and in that I trust I shall
have the concurrence of both these Senators—is,
that slaves are property under the Constitution,
and so recognized. Does either of you dissent
from that view ?
Mr. PUGH, I say that the Constitution rec-
ognizes slaves as property, according to the laws
of the States.
Mr. BROWN. Does it not go further? Does
it not of itself recognize them as property? Are
they not in the broadest possible sense, recognized
•as property ? What other property is designated
in the Constitution which you can pursue into a
foreign State, and recapture as property? Noth-
ing. By what law of the Constitution can you
pursue an}' other property into a neighboring State
without the specific consent of that State? Ken-
tucky pursues her slaves to Ohio, and recaptures
them,because they are persons hound to service,
tmd does it under the regis ol the Federal Constitu-
tion, aided by an act of Congress. Can Kentucky
pursue her fugitive hog. or cow, or ox, or other
stolen property, without the aid of Ohio ? Specifi-
cally, and of itself, slave property is m that part
of the Constitution pointed out as property, and
a special guarantee is given for it. When has
the Administration of tins Government, when
have the Federal authorities ever refused to rec-
ognize slaves as property? In mv own State, 1
have seen more than live hundred of them ex-
posedto sale on Government execution. W henover
there has been a defaulting receiver, or a default-
ingpostmaster, or a defaulting marshal, his slaves
have been levied xipon as property by the "United
States, they have been sold, and the money has
gone into thenational Treasury. As mv colleague
reminds me, a judgment ofaeitizen of New York,
reaches a slave in my own State; and under whnr
law? Under the Federal law, and under the Fed-
eral Constitution. Whenever any one outride of
the limits of Mississippi chooses to regard slaves
as property, whether it be the Federal Govern-
ment or a citizen of Ohio or New York, they are
sold accordingly; but when wo come to demand
protection for them, as our property, then, some-
how or other, thev are under the aegis of Missis-
sippi laws, and are not to be treated as property
beyond the limits of our own State, t a sic my
friend from Ohio, if they are property for the
payment of Federal debts, if they are property to
be pursued to Pennsylvania or Ohio, recaptured
ana brought back specifically and by their own
name, if they are property to be sold undei Fed-
eral laws to satisfy the debts of a foreign creditor,
in the name of ail the gods a? once, why are they
not property to be protected in Kansas or any-
where else ? * The answer, if there bo answer, may
be given.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me, I made tj^e an-
swer before. The Federal Government makes
nothing property except the right to capture a
fugitive. All other rights of property are under
the laws of the State. I agree that the Constitu-
tion of the United States gives this form of prop-
erty in a slave, created by the laws of the States,
a certain advantage, but the Constitution in that
very clause says, " persons held to service or la-
bor in one State under the laws thereof." That
is where your title is—m the laws of your States.
Mr. BROWN. I did not expect such an an-
swer. I supposed that a Senator of the broad
national views of my friend from Ohio would, at
least, have admitted that slaves were property un-
der the Federal Constitution.
Mr. PUGH. I presumed the Senator under-
stood my object was to qualify his proposition.
I say, undoubtedly, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States does recognize the right of every State
to admit within her limits that form of property,
and that it gives it peculiar and extraordinary
advantages; that is the whole of it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not choose to follow out
that line of argument. Slaves were property be-
fore the Constitution existed, and it did not belong
to the Federal Constitution to say what a State
should recognize as property.
Mr. PUGH. There we agree.
Mr. BROWN. Whatever rights the States did
not surrender to the Federal Government remain
with them. Virginia, ay, and Massachusetts
and Rhode Island and Connecticut were all the
owners of slaves as property, and they held the
ownership as a thing not sunendered to the Fed-
eral Government, and over which the Federal
Government had no control. When they made
the Federal Government, they specially and par-
ticularly secured to themselves the right, on the
part of those States which continued to hold such
property, to pursue it into the States which did
not hold it, recapture it, and bring it back. In
this, I say, there was a clear recognition of slaves
as property. No such guarantee was asked as to
other property.
Now, Air. President, inasmuch as my friend
from Oiegon has not answered, I take it for
granted he agrees to my proposition: first, that
slaves (ire property under the Constitution; and
next, that being so, the owner of them has the
same right to take them to the common territory
which the owner of any other kind of property
has to take that kind of property there. To be
more specific, I, being a citizen of Mississippi,
being the owner of a slave, have the same right
to take- my slave to Kansas that the Senator from
Ohio has to fake his horse oi his ox, his dry-
goods or his wet goods, or anything that is his,
according to tlu; laws of the State from which he
goes.
At this point, I meet the Senator's argument that
sla\es are property according to the laws of the
State. Without admitting: it in all its force, still,
for the purposes of the present argument, I will
admit that they are only property according to
the laws of the State from which they arc taken.
My slave is property according to the laws of
Mississippi; your ox is your property according
to the laws of Ohio. What I claim is, that 1
have the same right to take my slave to Kansas,
that you have to take your ox.
Mr. PUGH. That I acknowledge.
Mr. BROWN. Then, when I have got him
there, I ask the Senator the other question:
whether I have not the same right to have him
protected by law that he has to liav<- his ox pro-
tected ?
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator means by act of
Con^res.s. I say, yes.
Mr. BROWN. { mean, by the law-making
power of the Government, whether that power be
Ipdged in the Territorial Legislature, or whether it
be in Congress. My claim is, that whoever makes
the law is equally bound to protect my slave as to
protect the Senator's ox. Does he deny it?
Mr. PUGH. I say the authority of the law-
making power m the rerrjtones is the same over
both.
Mr. BROWN. How cq,n the Territorial Legis-
lature rightly discriminate between my slave prop-
erty and your property in other animal goods?
Mr. PUGH. They can discriminate between
any two forms of property.
Mr. BROWN. They can! Where do they get
their right ? Is not that discriminating between
equals? All I claim, all I have ever demanded, is
that Mississippi stands in Kansas upon an equal
footing with Ohio; that her citizens have the same
right to go there and take their property that cit-
izens of Ohio have to go and take their property;
and that there is no more power in a Territorial
Legislature to discriminate against my property
than to discriminate against the property of the
Senator from Ohio; and that whatever power they
exercise in the protection of property must be
exercised to the same extent for the protection of
me and my property as for the protection of the
Senator and his property. Does he deny that
proposition ?
Mr. PUGH. I thought T had sufficiently an-
swered the whole of the Senator's proposition.
I say, as to the question of the right of persons
to take into the Territories all the descriptions of
property, that all have the same right; and the
law-making authority of the Territory has the
same right to regulate all kinds of property, so
that it does not infringe the bill of rights.
Mr. BROWN. Does the Senator admit that
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas or Arizona;
docs he admit in the case submitted by my hon-
orable friend from Oregon, if we had the territory
of Tamaulipas, for instance, and people from
Louisiana, and Mississippi,and Texas, should be
the first to get there, they would have the right to
pass laws discriminating against him and the in-
troduction of his property, his people and the
introduction of their property ? Does he claim
that ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly not: I repudiate the
doctrine, and the Senator must take the statement
all together. I say, if a law is to be passed in a
Territory for the purpose of discriminating be-
tween sections of the Union, or between emigrants
going with one form of property and another, by
way of punishment or injustice, that is manifest
fraud. But why take that? Why'not go to the
case in hand ? Here are two citizens who start
from Ohio; one takes his cattle, that is property;
the other takes ardent spirits, that is property.
Does the Senator mean to say that the Legisla-
ture of the Territory cannot pass a law regulating
or suppressing the sale of intoxicating liquors?
Mr. BROWN. I mean to say-  
Mr. PUGH. Take the proposition between
two citizens of the same State.
Mr. BROWN. I say the Territorial Legisla-
ture has a right so to regulate the use of property
that it shall not endanger the public safety or cor-
rupt the public morals. That I admit; but I ut-
terly deny that a Territorial Legislature has the
right to prohibit the introduction of anything
within the limits of the Territory which is recog-
nized as property in one of the States of this
Union. It must permit it to come; it must, protect,
it as property. It may so regulate the use of it,
I say again, that the public safety is secured and
the public morals not corrupted. But I do notad-
mit the right of a Territorial Legislature to ex-
clude spirituous liquors. I do not admit that it
has a right to cxclude anything which is recog-
nized as property in any one of the States of this
Union The power to regulate the use of a thing,
and the power utterly to exclude it, are two sep-
arate ana distinct propositions.
Mr. PUGH. Perhaps, then, I can elicit it by
another question. As the Senator asks me ques-
tions, I suppose he will allow me to ask him
questions.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. Many States of the Union, cer-
tainly nearly all municipal corporations, in exer-
cising the power of regulating the sale of gunpow-
der, which is certainly property, put a particular
and special tax, by way of license, on every man
who sells it. Does he say the Territorial Legis-
lature cannot pass a law that no gunpowder shall
be brought into the Territory except by certain
licensed persons, ard they shall pay tax?
Mr. BROWN. I do not; but I say this: no
Territorial Legislature has the power totally to
exclude the introduction of gunpowder. That
they may regulate the use of it after it is brought
there, I do not pretend to question, keeping their
regulations within the limits of protecting the
public safety, and securing the public morals; but
if it be property in a State, then, I hold, no mat-
ter what its character may be, if it is recognized
by the laws of the State from which it goes, it
