3094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move to amend by
adding the following- as an additional section:
Be it further enacted. That fiom and after tlio 1st (lay of
September, ISfiO. the act approved the 3d day of March, 1857,
entitled " An act reducing the duties on imports, and lor
oilier puilio-ses," be, and the same it, hereby, repealed;
and the aet entitled "An act leducing the duties on im-
ports, and fot other purposes," approved the 30th day of
July, 1846, be, and the same is, ievivetl.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I think that amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am com nulled to take
an appeal from the decision of the Chaii\ I am
in favor of what is known as the Morrill tariff
bill; but I am opposed to the whole system of
loans, and 1 will not, so far as I am concerned,
consent to a loan without some revenue measure
to provide for its redemption accompanying. I
offer that amendment, therefore, not as my first
choice, but as better than nothing. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The decision of the Chair was sustained as the
judgment of the House.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will say
the tariff of 1842, instead of that of 1846, there
would be no question of order made upon it.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman from Ohio
mean to say that he is in favor of the recnactment
of the tariff of 1842'
Mr. STANTON. My remark was, that no
question of order would be made upon it.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend by increasing
the amount §2,000,000. I move the amendment
simply to enable me to complete a sentence which
I had commenced when my time expired a few
minutes since.
I was proceeding to say that, whether the Senate
has the right to originate a loan bill or not, this is
certainly obnoxious legislation, as any one will
see- An appropriation bill goes to the Senate in
the last hours of the session, and they put upon it
an amendment providing for a loan of $21,000,000;
there is no time to consider such a measure prop-
erly, and the House is forced to pass it, or reject
it at the risk of defeating the appropriation bill.
I say, therefore, that in any point of view, it is
bad legislation. I hope the'House will reject the
amendment, and insist upon their rejection. 1
have no doubt myself that a loan bill should
be considered as a revenue measure; but, how-
ever that may be, I waive the point, and object to
it on the ground that it is an improper mode of
legislation. I think my friend from Virginia will
admit that.
But further than that, I think the House ought
not, at this time, to allow another loan to be
made by the Government unless the means for
the redemption of the loan are at the same time
provided. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Skc. 6, Jlnd be it. further enacted, That all pinclia^es and
contracts Tot hupplie* or services m any of the Departments
of the Government, except lor peiMinal semci-, w hen the
public exigencies do not icquiic the jminediutc dohvt iv ot'
the article or ai tides, or peifoimanee of the service, *iuill
be made by advertising a sufficient tune previously foi pro-
posals respecting the tame. When immediate deliveiy or
performance is required by the public exigenc) , the mti-
cles or service requited may by piocured by open puiehasc
or contract at the places and tn the manner in which such
articles are usually bought and sold,or&uch hei vices engaged
between individuals. No eoimaetoi puieha^e shall heieal-
ter be made unless the same be aulhoiiz<'d bj law, 01 be
under an appropriation adequate to its fulfillment, except in
the YVar and Navy Departments lot clothing, sub-istenee,
forage, fuel, qu«uteis>, or tian^-portauon, which, bowevet,
shall riot exceed the necessities of the eui rent year. No aims
or military supplies whatevui, which me oi' a patented in-
vention-, shah be pun-based noi the risht oi'usim? or apply-
ing any patented invention, unices the same Khali be au-
thorized M law, and the appiopnation theielot explicitly
fcet forth, th.it it i-> lor viu.li p.in nted invention.
Mr. SICKLES iieie moved an amendment, and
spoke m favor thereof. [Sec Appendix.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Si,c. 7. slnd be it further enuitrJ, That the Seaet.uy of
War be, and he in herobj, authoir/ed to pay, out of the un-
expended balance ol the appropriation loi the war debt of
the State ot Calitorma, made by the Uu>t section ot the aet
appioved Aueust 5, 1851, entitled " An act making appro-
priations foi the support of the Armv for the year ending
the 30th of June, lb,>5,*' any outstanding and unpaid bonds
and coupon* it ued by said State for &aid war debt piioi to
the parage of said act, but beaimg dote subsequent to the
1st day of Januaiy, 1854 : Provided, That no paymentshall
be made beyond the unexpended amount of said appropri-
ation now remaining m the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of "Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding at the end thereof
the amendment I send to the Clerk. The objec-
tion which was intei posed to it before, by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, has been withdrawn.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And also that there be paid, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the turn of ;$22,0U0,
or so much thereof as may be required, for extra compen-
sation rind salaries for the distuct judges of Cahloima,
under the provisions of the seventh section of the act enti-
tled w An act to regulate the jurisdiction of the couits of
California, m reference to the survey and location of Cali-
fornia private land claims."
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman upon the
Judiciary Committee how long- these extra ser-
vices have been performed, and how many men
have been engaged ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Ever since 1851, when the
statute was passed which was construed to give
jurisdiction over these claims to the district courts
of the United States. That jurisdiction coming
in question, it was confirmed by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish now to state that there
arc $22,000 to be paid to two judges, for nine
years, who have received their regular salaries.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Colfax hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Wasiiburxh, of Illinois, reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the Senate amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 399) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1861, and h.ul instructed him
to report the same to the House, with a recom-
mendation to concur in some, to non-concur in
others, and to concur in others with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the previous ques-
I tion upon the amendments.
The previous question-was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mcnms; VAN WYCK and BARIl had permis-
sion to print some remarks they wished to address
to the House. [Their remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
And theft, on motion of Mr. RUFFIN, (at half
past ten o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June IB, 1860.
Prayer by Rev. B. F. Bittixger.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal was
dispensed with.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
liles of the Senate the petition of John Sample, piaying that
the nppaiatm invented by him to pioteet "tiller ropes"
from fue be tested with a view to its adoption in tlic public
service.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom way referred the
memojinl of tticluwl S. Coxe, administrator of
Anna Gibson, widow of Colonel GeorgeGibson,
of the Army, praying payment of an amount of
money claimed to be due her, asked to be dis-
charged from Us farther consideration; which
was agn-ed to.
Mr. FOSTER, fiom the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 16) for the relief of the heirs of Lot
Hall, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Sa-
rah T. Anderson, widow of the late Thomas P.
Anderson, surgeon in the Texas navy, praying
for relief, reported adversely thereon; and the
report was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice Presi-
dent:
A bill (H. R. No. 215) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) in relation
to the public printing.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had appointed Mr. Martin J. Crawford, of
Georgia, a member of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1861, in the place of Mr. John
Cochrane, of New York, who is absent.
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 14th instant, the printing of
the following documents:
Resolves of the Legislature of California on
the subject of Indian reservations in that State;
ordered at eleven o'clock and thirty minutes.
Resolves of the Legislature of California, in
regard to increased mail facilities; ordered at
eleven o'clock and thirty minutes. *
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 16th instant, the printing of
the following documents:
Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, on
the subject of recaptured Africans, and recom-
mending an appropriation for their return to
Africa, &c.—ordered at three o'clock and live
minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury sub-
mitting a statement of the probable means of the
Treasury, and the probable demands upon it, for
the year ending June 30, 18G0—ordered at three
o'clock and five minutes. 0
SENATE CONTINGENT FUND,
i Mr. HALE. I submitted a resolution of in-
j quiry on Saturday, which was objected to by the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who sub-
] sequently told me that lie withdrew the objection,
! and would like to have the resolution passed. It
is one of inquiry only.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, and adopted it, as follows:
lianlred, That the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate be instructed to inqmie
and lepoit to the Senate how many persons aie employed
by the Senate in each and ovoiy "department, whothei in
the office of the Secretaiv, or under the direction of the
Seigeant-at-Arms, or of the Dooi keeper, or in any other
way and manner; the compensation oi each ; the trine that
each individual i« employed; the anthontv by wht'-h each
peison is employed or appointed ; and also to lntonu the
Senate whether, in the opinion off-aid committee, tbe.-ei-
vices of any one thus employed may notbedi?p< n^fd with
without detriment to the public service *. and also, whether,
in the contingent expense-* of the Senate, theio arc not
abuses which require reform and amendment.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to take up House
bill No. 304, as I indicated on Saturday last, for
the purpose of making it the special order for to-
morrow. It is the bill relating to the overland
mails to California.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and, on motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was made
the special order for to-morrow morning at half
past eleven o'clock.
TIIK TARIFF BILL.
Mr. LANE. I desire to give notice that if the
House taritF bill shall come up—and I observe
that a motion has been entered to leconsider the
vote by which it was postponed—I shall offer an
amendment as a substitute for it; and I present it
now, that Senators may know what my intention
is. I ask to have my amendment printed.
The motion to print the amendment was agreed
to. It is as follows:
That the act entitled "An act reducing the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes," approved July 30,1846, be,
and the bairie is hereby, reenacted and icostabli&hed m every
section, schedule, and clause thereof; and that the act en-
titled " An act reducing the duty on imports, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1857, and all other acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with said act of July 30, 1846, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
