2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
to him to make it. I was aware that his opponent
in that great canvass to which I referred, had
made a prophecy that he was, sooner or later, to
land in the ranks of the Republicans. Even if I
had believed it, I would not have chosen—and it
is due to candor to say I do not believe 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I certainly did not mean to
put the pro-slavery men and the Abolitionists on
an equality;
Mr, DAYIS. On the same footing as to prin-
ciple.
Mr. DOXJGLxVS. I said the Democratic con-
vention then put northern interventionists and
southern interventionists on a footing of equality.
"We are against both, bccause we went for non-
intervention; and all that were interventionists,
whether the intervention was to be for the South
or for the North, were against us—our enemies—
opposed to the party.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, it is unimportant. I feel
myself constrained, because I promised to do it,
to refer to some portion of the joint record of the
Senator and myself in 1850, or, as I have con-
sumed so much time, I would avoid it. In that
same magazine article to which I have referred,
the Senator took occasion to refer to some part
which I had taken in the legislation of 1850; and
I must say he presented me unfairly. He nut
me in the attitude of one who was seeking to dis-
criminate, and left himself in the position of one
who was willing to give equal protection to all
kinds of property. In that magazine aiticle the
Senator lepresents Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, as
having endeavored to discriminate in favor of slave
property, and Mr. Chase, of Ohio, as having made
a like attempt against it; and he leaves himself,
by his argument, in the attitude of one who con-
curred with ]Vlr. Clay in opposition to both prop-
ositions. I believe 1 state him correctly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Proceed. 1 do not remem-
ber precisely what you refer to.
Mr. DA VIS. I will now ask my friend from
Texas to read an amendment which I nitioduced,
and an amendment of Mr. Chase, which was con-
nected with it; and then, without going into the
debate, 1 shall merely state the votes.
Mr. WIGFALL read the amendment of Mr.
Dams to the compromise bill of 1850, which was
to strike out the words "in respect to," and in-
sert " and introduce or exclude," and after the
word "slavery" to insert the following proviso:
"Piovidedy Tluit nothingjgjorcm contained shall be con-
strued to pn'vcnt .said Tcintonal Legislating jmsmiii? such
law.-* as may he neces-<aty for tho ptotcotion ol iho i ight-> of
pioperty of any kind which may have been or may be Imm e-
attei,eoulormably to the Constitution and law. of the Uni-
ted Jstat.es, held in; oi liitiodueed into, s.itd Tnritoiy.''
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chase then offered an amend-
ment to tins, in these woids:
"Provided farther, That nothing herein contained "-hall
be construed ad authorizing or permitting tho introduction
of blavery, or the holding ol persons as propcity within said
Territory."
I here wish to say that, whilst the quotation m
the magazine article lcftmc m the position already
stated, the debates which had occurred between
us necessarily informed the Senator that it was not
my position,and I brought him in that debate to
acknowledge it. I ask my friend to read an ex-
tract, which will show this.
Mr. WIGFALL read, aw follows:
" Mr. Douglas." * ' * * u But the Senator
from Misii^ippi says that lie is contending foi a principle
that lequircf, C'ongrc-s to piotect prop'Mtv, but thai I am
contending agawit r it. Nor at a I), «ii\ I d<- tie to give them
such a government a* will enable ihem to pioteet proptni)
of every kind and de.^enpuon. f wjt-h to make no excep-
tion. I!'' d''sjrua io in ike an e\t option
a Mr. Davis. Nnt at all.
" Mr. Douglas. The <roveinm"nt contended foi authoi-
izes them to protect piop.Tly in hoi->e^. m cattle, m niei-
chandis-c, and pioperty of cvuy kind and doc-oiipaon, ic;.!
and personal; bat the Henntor ftom MisM^ippi -a\d that
you must exclude African -lavciy.
" Mr. Davis. No, sir; he said no h,uch thing.
u Mr. Doclcas. Ho uxcopted 
'•Mr. Davis, of Mississippi. With the Senatoi "s permis-
sion, I will explain. He h attacking the bill; but J had
/lothin^tc do with the bill, except to tiy and bettei It.
" Mr. Douglas. I begin to discover m\ enor. I am
holding the Senator responsible for the work ot the eoni-
imui'c of thirteen.
" Mi. Davis,, (in his scat.) It was a very great cuor.
" Mr. Dotglas. I was making war upon him bv mis-
take. I mu-t pay my respects to the committee ot thiiteen.
The) make the distinction that the people of the Termor/
ate tn govern rhrnixclvc-, in respect to Use rightm all kinds
of property but Alriean slave-*. I want to know why tins
exception:' tpon w hatpiiticplo id it mader What i-> the
neco-sity ior it5 it not n* important as any other right
in property/ Why, then, should it be excepted and re- i
served? And, sir, if you reserve it, to whom do you re-
serve it? To this Congress? No, sir; you deny it to the
people, and you deny it to the Government here.5'
* * * *******
"That object is to extend the institution of slavery to this
Territory, or rather, as he believes it to be already carriud
there by law, to continue its legal existence in the Terri-
tory. But, sir, 1 do not hold the doctrine that to exclude
any species of property by law from any Territory is a vio-
lation of anv right to property."—Congressional Globey vol.
21, part 1, Thirty-First Congress, first session, p. 1115.
Mr. DAYIS. On that occasion, I argued for
my amendment as an obligation of the Govern-
ment to remove obstructions; to give the fair op-
eration to constitutional right; and so far from
the Senator having stood with Mr. Clay against
all these propositions, the fact appears, on page
1134 of the Globe, that, upon the vote on Chase's
amendment, Douglas voted for it, and Davis and
Clay voted against it; that upon the vote on Da-
vis's amendment, Clay and Davis voted for it, and
Douglas voted against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator should add, that
that vote was given under the very instructions to
which he referred the other day, and which are
well known to the Senate, and are on the tabic.
Mr. DAVIS. I was aware that the Senator had
voted for the Wilmotproviso under those instruc-
tions. I now receive his explanation as to this.
But, again, Mr. Berrien offered an amendment to
change the provision which said there should be
no legislation in respect to slavery, so as to make
it read, " there shall be no legislation establishing
or prohibiting African slavery." Mr. Clay voted
for that; so did Mr. Davis. Mr. Douglas voted
against it. Mr. Hale offered an amendment to
Mr. Berrien's amendment, to add the word " al-
lowing." Here Mr. Douglas voted again for Mr.
Hale's amendment, and against Davis and Clay.
Then a proposition was mode to continue the
Mexican laws against slavery until repealed by
Congress. I think I proved, atlcast I did to my
own satisfaction, that there was no such Mexican
law*; that it was a decree, and that the legislation
which occurred under it had never been executed.
But that proposition by Mr. Baldwin, which was
to continue the Mexican lawsin force, was brought
to a vote, and again Mr. Dougias voted for it, and
Mr. Davis and Mr. Clay voted agamstit. When
another proposition was brought forward to amend
by 4t removing the obstructions of Mexican laws
and usages to any right of person or property by
the citizens of the United States in theTerritories
aforesaid," I did not find the Senator's name,
though by reference to the Appendix, itso chanced
that 1 met it in the same day's proceedings, and
I knew he was picsent, because he moved imme-
diately afterwards, m relation to anotheramend-
ment he was pressing, a few minutes afterwards.
Thus we find the Senator differing from my-
self on this question, as was stated; but we do not
find him concurring with Mr. Clay, as was stated;
and we do not find the propositions which 1 in-
troduced, and which are mentioned in the maga-
zine article, meeting the joint opposition of him-
self and Air. Clay; and yet his remarks in the
presence of the Senate the other day went upon
, the --same theory, that Mr. Clay and himself had
been coopoiatn^. Now, there is just this much
i in that: they agreed in the final passage of the
, bili, and f was against it. I was one of the few
| southern men who resisted, in all its stages, what
; was called the compromise or omnibus bill. I do
| not know that I should consume the time of the
| Senate by this reference, which I have made as
bnef as I could, bnt for the fact of having promised
, it on account of the remaiks the Senator had
! made. And coupled with this airaignment of
■ myself, ot a tune when he says ho had leisure to
j discuss the question with tho Attorney General,
; and when these was nothing in my position eer-
! tamly to provoke the revision of my couise in
i Congress, he revives it again m the Senate; and,
as I understood his icmarks, for I. did not fina
. them in the Congressional Globe the next morn-
' ing, he vaunted his own consistency and admit-
ted mine, but claimed his to be inside and mine
! outside of the Democratic organization. Well,
; sir, it strikes me that on the recent demonstia-
j lions we have had, when the Democratic Admin-
| istration was, as it were, put on its trial in relation
' to its policy m Kansas, the Senator's associations
' were rather outside of the Democratic organiza-
tion, and that mine were inside; and it strikes me
! that,upon the pendingquestion,the declaration of
• great principles of party crced, the Senator's posi-
tion is outside of the regular organization, and
mine in it; so that 1 do not see with what justice
he attempts that discrimination between him and
myself.
Mr. President, after having for forty years been
engaged in bitter controversy over a question re-
lating to common property of the States, wo have
rcachcd the point where the issue is presented in
a form in which it becomes us to meet it accord-
ing to existing facts; where it has ceased to be a
question to be decided on the footing of authority,
and by reference to history; where we have
brought it down to the condition of a question
which was disturbing the peace and endangering
the Union, and which we would provide a settle-
mentfor, by treating as a judicial question. Now,
will it be said, after the Congress of the United
States provided for the adjustment of this ques-
tion by the courts, and after the courts had a case
brought before them, and expressed an opinion,
that no latitude is to be given to the field covered
by the court, from the fact that the Congress of
the United States had referred it specially to them;
that it is to bo treated simply and technically at:
a question of ?neum and tuums such as might have
arisen if there had been no such legislation by
Congress ? Surely it docs not belong to those
who have pointed us to that provision as the
peace offering, as the means for final adjustment,
now to say that it meant nothing more than that
the courts would go on hereafter, as heretofore, to
try questions of property.
What now disturbs our country? The court,
have decided the question solar as the court could
decide any legal question. A case arose in rela-
tion to properly in a slave held within a Territory,
where a law of Congress declared that such prop-
erty should not be held. The whole case was
before them; everything, except the mere techni-
cal point that the law was not enacted by a Ter-
ritorial Legislature. Why, then, if we are toabidc
by the decision of the Supreme Court m any fu
turc case, do we maintain this controversy now
on this last point which to-day divides, disturbs
distracts, and destroys the efficiency and the
power, because it disintegrates the Democratic
party ? To the Senator, 1 know, as a question ol
property, it is a matter of consequence. 1 should
do him injustice if I left any one to infer that 1
treated his'argument as one made by a man pre-
judiced against the character of property involved
in the question. That is not his position; butl
claim that he is pursuing an ignis fatuus, a thing
whi'di has no existence under the Constitution,
and which has arisen from the corrupting strifes
of political faction and the rivalry of individuals.
Measured by any standard of common sense, its
magnitude would be too small to disturb the ad-
justment of the balance between the political par-
tics of our country. There can be no appeal to
humanity made upon this basis. Least of all
could it be made to one who, like the Senatorand
myself, has seen this species of property in its
sp.use condition on the northwestern frontier, and
seen it go out without disturbing the harmony ol'
the community, as it had previously existed to
the benefit of the individual who held it. He has
no apprehension, he can have none, that it is to
retaid the political prosperity of the future States
—now the Teiritones. He can have no appre-
hension that m that country to which they never
would be carried except from necessity, and for
domestic purposes, they could ever so accumu-
late as to constitute agruit political element. He
knows, and every man who has expeiience and
judgment must admit, that the few who may bo
so earned have nothing to fear but the climate,
and that li\ing in that close relation which be-
long? to one or two of them connected together,
the kindest relations which it is possible to exist
between master and dependent would exist be-
tween these domestics and their owners.
There is a relation belonging to this species of
property, not connected with the apprentice, not
connected with the hired man, which awakens
whatever there is of kindness or of nobility of soul
in the heart of him who owns it; and this can only
be alienated, can only be obscured or destroyed,
by collecting this species of property into such
masses that the owner himself becomes ignorant
oftheindividuals whocompose it. In the relation,
however, which can ovist in the northwestern
Territories, the mere domestic connection of one,
two, or, at most, half a dozen servants in a fam-
