1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
certain practices in the Territory of Utah—with-
out the House knowing really what are its pro-
visions, what the penalties, and what the reasons
for them.
What is the excuse for cutting off the live min-
utes' debate, and insisting on an arbitrary power
to call the previous question? It is the same in
both cases; it is, that members have not time to
consider matters of practical legislation; that the
patience, of the House would be wearied with
tlicm. If we are to legislate atall,letus legislate
upon the subjects before us. If we are to consider
these bills, and to pass upon them, let us do so
intelligently and after discussion and considera-
tion. " If this bill in reference to Utah Territory is
to be passed, let it be passed after consideration; let
it be done when we ail understand what it is. Do
not let us pass any measure without fair and
proper consideration. Yet, sir, as the rules now
stand, if a majority, immediately upon the sub-
mission of a report from a committee, desire that
the bill shall be passed, by calling the previous
question and sustaining that call the bill can be
passed, without giving to a single member the
privilege of saying a word beyond uttering upon
a call of the roll his " ay" or " no." I say that
that is not right; that it violates alike his rights
and the rights of his constitutents.
And what is the reason always given for it?
That we must hurry through with all important
legislation, in order that gentlemen may go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the discussion of every imaginable
question in politics, in law, in philosophy; every-
thing, indeed, except the matters which are fairly
andlegitimately before us. You cannot give an
hour or two to the consideration of-a practical
question, when you give days and weeks to tl^p
discussion of the everlasting subject of the negro.
And that, sir, has gone so far that it is the daily
practice of the House—not just now, but it has
beenso within my experience,and it doubtless will
be during this session—at two or three o'clock to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, by unanimous consent, with the
understanding that no action shall be taken on any
question. Then m mbersaddressempty benches,
or half a dozen pages, reading written essays,
which are. pertinent or impertinent, as the case
may be, to the subject in hand, or to any other
subject which can ever come before the House for
consideration; and, as my colleague has said, the
whole country is told next morning, by telegraph,
that the House was electrified by the power and
eloquence of the honorable orator.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what is this proposition?
Why, sir, that two thirds of this House shall be
necessary to cut off debate. Is it not right? If
the gentleman is not afraid that the majority will
abuse this power of cutting off debate, I would
like to ask him whether he is afraid that one third
of the House will exercise its power improperly
by protracting debate ?
Mr. NOELL here made a remark which could
not be heard at the reporters' desk.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I want to ask
the gentleman from Ohio if it will contribute to
the business of the House to bring into this Hoiise
the operation substantially of the two-thirds rule ?
Will he accomplish any good by providing that
no bill shall come from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union until two thirds
of the members shall be ready for that proceed-
ing? Will it not place the legislation of the coun-
try in the hands of one third of this House? 1
do not believe that the members of this House arc
prepared to adopt that two-thirds rule. If they
did, then but few measures would ever come from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; for, sir, even as it is now, it is next to im-
possible to get any bill from that committee. If
you enlarge the number of bills upon the Calen-
dar, put more bills there than there are there now,
how many do you think you would get into the
Blouse under the operation of the previous ques-
t'°Mr. PElNDLETON. The gentleman from
Maine can able me a great many questions in re-
lation to the rules which I cannot answer; a great
manv. to which my attention has not been turned;
a Teat many to which I could not give the proper
answer, even though I understand it, if I were
required to point out the rules to be changed; for,
sir, I commenced by stating that I knew very lit-
tle about the rules of this House. I have seen
and felt their practical operation in some partic-
ular cases. Now, in answer to the gentleman, I
am prepared to say this: if you will confine the
debates in this House to the subject which is pend-
ing for consideration, and if you then permit two
thirds of the House only to call for the previous
question, I think that it would be a great improve-
ment upon the present system.
I have, sir, no sort of admiration for this dis-
cussion in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the President's message and
pther general matters. I do "not think that it an-
swers any good purpose. I do not think that it
informs the country. I do not tlunk that thecoun-
try ought to be informed in that way. I think that
speeches made in this House ought to be made
for the purpose of convincing the minds of mem-
bers who are to vote upon specific propositions.
Whenever you propose to embody in a bill or joint
resolution any suggestions or recommendations
of the President's message, and that bill or joint
resolution is up for consideration and action, then
I think that the particular policy to be pursued in
that regard is properly up for discussion; but I
am entirely opposed—no, I will not say opposed;
but, sir, I do not admire it; I do not think it proper;
I do not think it answers any good end for mem-
bers here, day after day, to neglect the practical
legislation of the country upon the pretense that
we have not time, when wc sit hero; or rather the
House sits here nominally, and we ought to sit
here actually, if we did our duty, discussing sub-
jects which are not before us, and which probably
never will come before us—discussing, I said—I
mean reading essays upon such subjects, in bad
taste, in a worse spirit, one-sided, partial, embit-
tered essays, full of reckless assertion of facts, full
of vituperation and abuse, discreditable to the
House, discreditable to the authors, and useful
only for evil.
Now, sir, I do not think a better illustration of
this whole difficulty could be presented than is
presented in the Utah bill, reported the other day
from the Committee on the judiciary. I do not
say that it did not come here under the rule; I do
not say that it could not be voted on; but 1 say
that the practical question then presented to the
House was this: Will you pass this bill without
consideration, without knowing what it provides,
or will you send it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where you will never
get at it? I do not know that that was necessa-
rily the alternative upon thai, bill; but I inferred
it from the expressions then made use of by gen-
tlemen.
Now, sir, if there is any receptacle to which
bills go, and out of which they cannot come; if
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is such a receptacle, then I want the rules
of this House reformed in such a manner as that
they can be got out and brought before this House
and considered; that they shall lie brought here
and subjected to the judgment of the House, and
be passed or rejected. It does strike me, and I
think that it will strike every one who comes here
for the first time, and whose experience is limited
to one or two sessions, that instead of aiding dis-
cussion; instead of making this House a delibci-
ative assembly; instead of enabling us to do that,
which we were sent here to do—to compare views,
to correct our opinions by comparison with the
opinions of others—the rules are contrived in such
way as to defeat the consideration of matters of
practical legislation, and to give every advantage
to questions of general political interest only.
Now, it may be the fault is not in the rules; it may
be that the fault is m the temper of the House;
but certain it is, that the difficulty exists, and that
we all know it.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
knows It as well as any other gentleman of this
House; for his long experience must have forced it
upon him. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
EtheridgeI spoke of thegrowth through the coun-
try of the codes of practice; and he gave, as 1
think, a very good reason for the abolition of ie
original system of special pleading. He said that
tho'se who were opposed to that system, generally
knew nothing about it, and they undertook to get
rid of that difficulty by abolishing the system alto-
eether; whereas, the true course would have been
to make the old rules more stringent, to abolish
common counts and general issues. I am not pre-
pared to say that that is not the case here. My
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] and the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] may know
better than I do; and their long experience may
lead them to say that the only reform needed is
to make the rules still more stringent. But if"
that is the case, I should like to see those gen-
tlemen who have undertaken to accomplish an
amendment of the rules make to us a report from
which we can determine somewhat for ourselves
whether this is a true reform. I do not propose
to deal in general denunciation of these rules; I .
do not understand thehalf of them; for when I
read them, they are almost as unmeaning tome
as before I did so. But I speak of two great evils
under these rules which I have noticed, and under
which I have somewhat suffered. The first ia
the impossibility of getting a measure before tho
House, and the next is the impossibility of con-
sidering that which, is practical which enters into
the legislation of the country, instead of those
matters which come up in the Committee of tho
Whole on the state of the Union, and which em-
brace every conceivable subject, of every charac-
ter and description, which at anytime it may
enter into the brain of any gentleman upon this
floor ought to be discussed before .the House or
the country, Or his constituents, or for his own
amusement, without the least regard to the prac-
tical legislation which the country requires.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
how many times in the eight or ten years' experi-
ence of the gentleman, has this House failed to
second the demand for the previous question?
Mr. GROW. I do not recollect.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Nameoneinstance.
Mr. GROW. There was one instance in
Speaker Banks's time, and it got us into a great
deal of difficulty, as the matter went over until the
next day. I desire to correct an impression of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] about
the rules. He is laboring under a slight mistake
in supposing that there is no time in which gen-
tlemen can have anything done except by unan-
imous consent, or by a vote of tw# thirds of the
House. If all our rules are adhered to as they
now stand, all our business can be disposed of.
There is a time for every class of business to be
reached and disposed of if our rules are adhered
to. .
And now, one word in regard to a point referred
to by tho gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendle-
ton.] that is, my objecting to ccrtain measures
being received. Why did I do that? It was in
order to accomplish what the gentleman says now
he wants to have done. The rules require the
committees to be called, and after they have been
gone through with, then the States and Territo-
ries are to be called, when every gentleman here
would have an equal chance. So that what I
wanted done, is exactly what tho gentleman says
he wants done. But gentlemen never appreciate
objections made to what they desire to have done,
and are disposed to think all such objections as
captious. I think we should object to all business
being done out of the regular order, and thus we
would l>c enabled to facilitate the business of the
House. What the gentleman says he wants done
can be done by doing the business of the House
in regular order. Let your committees be called)
and no one committee can occupy more than one
day, and when the committees are called through
then the call of the States is next in order, when
any gentleman can bring forward his measures.
But if you allow gentlemen to come in during the
morning hour and ask for unanimous consent to
introduce measures, you will consume all your
time and you never will reach the States.
Mr. PENDLETON. Has there ever been a
call through the regular order of business upon
any day?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir; since we adopted this
provision to the rules.
Mr. PENDLETON. In one session ?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
Mr. PENDLETON. How often?
Mr. GROW. Only once, I believe; because we
adopted the rule only the Con^resshefore the last,
and have not practiced it.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it not perfectly m
accordance with the rules of this House, at any
time after the morning hour has expired, to move
