1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3095
EZEKIEL JONES.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (H. R.
No. 407) granting an invalid pension to Ezekiel
Jones was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Ezekiel Jones on the
invalid pension roll at the rate per month allowed
by law for a captain in the Navy, to commence
on the 1st day of January, 1859, and continue
during his natural life.
Mr. KING-. Is there a report in that case? If
there is, 1 should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the report made by the
House Committee on Pensions, from which it
appeared that Ezekiel Jones was in the service of
the United States for over forty years, in the Army
and Navy. Ho held a commission as captain in
the revenue marine for thirty years. He dis-
charged his duty faithfully, and was highly com-
£limented by Secretary Dickinson, of the Navy
department, in 1838, and by Commanders Mix
and Wells. During the Florida war Captain Jones
was captain of the cutter Washington, and was
complimented by T. A. Belton, commander of
Fort Brooks. His services in the Navy embrace
nearly all the time of the war of 1812 to 1815. It
further appears that he was severely wounded on
the brig Siren, in an engagement with the en-
emy near the coast of Africa, as is proved by the
affidavits of Surgeons Swift and John Anders, and
Pursers Cooper and J. Merrick; italso appears that
he is totally disabled on account of a wound in the
leg, made by a hook in saving a vessel in a storm,
in which he succeeded, Captain Jones then com-
manding a revenue cutter. This fact is proved
by the affidavits of Newton Stover, captain, and
the mate and surgeon. Prom all the proofs in the
case, which aie voluminous and conclusive, the
committee unanimously concur in the opinion
that he is entitled to a pension.
The bill was reported toihe Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LIABILITY 01' SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 437, a general bill, which is merely to
correct a mistake in existing laws, which I am
sure will give rise to no debate. It is recom-
mended by the Committee on the Judiciary. It
is a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to limit
the liability of ship-owners, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3,1851.
Mr. GREEN. I hope that will not be taken
up in the absence of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the honorable Senator from Missouri, that
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
requested me to call up the bill and have it passed.
Mr. GREEN. In its original shape?
Mr. SEWARD. As he has reported it.
Mr. GREEN. If it is the same bill that was
before the committee, I know we reported against
it, or modified it very materially.
Mr. SEWARD. It is the same bill which was
reported by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. GREEN. Let it be read, that I may see
whether it is the bill to which I referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator from
Missouri is mistaken in the bill.
Mr. GREEN. Is it with reference to liability
in cases of collision?
Mr. SEWARD. No; but only in the cases of
transfer of interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information before the question is put on
taking it up.
The Secretary read the bill. By this bill it is
provided that, under the provisions of the third
and fourth sections of the act approved March
3, 1851, " to limit the liability of ship-owners,
and for other purposes," in all cases in which lia-
bility exists, or is claimed to exist, on the part
of the owner or owners of any ship or vessel for
any of the acts, matters, or things specified in the
third section of that act, it shall be lawful for
such owner or owners, and be deemed a sufficient
compliance with the provisions of that act, so as
to limit his or their liability as provided by the
third section of it, if such owner or owners, upon
any proceedings against him or them, in any court
of admiralty or law, shall transfer his or their in-
terest in the ship or vessel to a trustee for the ben-
efit of claimants, as provided in the fourth section
of that act, or shall appear or intervene for his or
their interest in such ship or vessel and freight,
and upon an appraisement of the same according
to the course and practice of the courts of admi-
ralty in proceedings in rem, or of the courts of
common law upon attachments or other proceed-
ings against vessels, shall give stipulations or
bonds, with sufficient surety, for the full value of
such interest, to abide the event of the suit, and
thereupon such stipulations or bonds shall be
deemed and taken as representing the interest of
such owner or owners for the benefitof claimants,
in the event of a final recovery upon their claims,
as fully as if such interest had been transferred to
a trustee, as provided in the fourth section of the
act of 1851, and all claims and proceedings against
such owner or owners, and all liability on their
part, shall cease upon the giving of such stipula-
tions or bonds.
Mr. GREEN. That is not the bill to which I
had reference. I have no objection to that.
The motion was agieed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
IIEXRY RICE.
" 12550" should read " 12545." It is a mere cler-
ical error.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr, KENNEDY. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 377, which has been before the
Senate twice, and fully discussed; and, as 1 have
stated before, it is a matter of very great interest
to the traveling community. It is a bill allowing
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad to extend their
road to connect with the Virginia roads on the
other side of the Potomac. I should be very glad
to take the sense of the Senate in regard to it. I
move to take it up. v
The motion was not agreed to.
LE CAZE & MALLET.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate take Up
for consideration Senate bill No. 275, being a bill
for the relief of Frederick Vincent, administrator
of James Le Caze, surviving partner of Le Caze
& Mallet. This bill was reached some time sincc
j! on the Private Calendar, but when itcameupwas
jj objected to by the honorable Senator from Geor-
' gia, [Mr. Toombs.]
,i e —* L    * j I understand that he has ex-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire the Senate to take .! amined the matter, and has withdrawn his objec-
up a bill which was reported unanimously by the |; tion.
Committee on Finance. It is Senate bili No. 501
for the relief of Henry Rice. I will explain it if j
any one wishes an explanation, in a few words. !
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. j
501) for the relief of Henry Rice was read a second i
time, and considered as in Committee of the j
Whole. It provides for the payment to Henry
Rice of the sum of $10,539 88, being the amount li
paid by him into the Treasury us duties upon >!
goods imported into Castine, while in possession /
of the British foices, the same not being by law ;
subject to the payment of duty, under the docis- '
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 1
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third !
time, and passed. j
ISAAC IT. RANDALL. !
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 300, reported by the Senator from j
Florida, [Mr. Mallory]—a private bill—on which i
I believe the Committee on Naval Affairs were j
unanimous. j
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. ii
300) for the relief of Isaac H. Randall, was read jl
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to diiect the proper
accounting ofilceis of the Treasury to allow and
pay to Isaac H. Randall, the sum of £530, for ser-
vices rendered while in charge of a naval depot
at Loo Choo.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA STAGE COMPANY.
Mr. HALE. I move to take up Senate bili
No. 507, for the relief of the California Stage Com-
pany, which I think will give rise to no discus-
sion. The parties came here with a large claim;
but after a very long investigation,the committee
have simply given them leave to go to the Post-
master General on two of the charges. I move to j
take up the bill. j
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. j
507) for the relief of the California Stage Company i
was read the second time, and considered as in j
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct j
the Postmaster General to examine and adjust the j
claim of the California Stage Company for extra j
services performed on routes Nos. 12550 and
12535. in California, for four years, ending June j
30, 1858, and to pay the amount found due to the ;
contractors. j
Mr. POLK. I suggest to the Senator from New >
Hampshire, that on looking at that bill last Fii- !
day or Saturday, I think I discovered that the j
numbers mentioned in the bill do not correspond j
with the numbers mentioned in the report as the i
numbers of the routes for which the relief is do- j
sired. I call the Senator's attention to that, so j
that he may sec whether it ought not to be j
amended, J
Mr. HALE. I find that in line six of the bill |:
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill. It provides
for the payment to Frederick Vincent, adminis-
trator of James Le Caze, surviving partner of Le
Caze & Mallet, of the sum of $8,652 05, being the
amount due to them (and which they might have
received or subscribed) on the 31st of December,
1797, with interest upon that sum from 31st De-
cember, 1844, when their claim was demanded,
deducting the sum of «,4,890 82 paid under the act
! of 31st January, 1855, chapter two hundred and
! five.
i The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed,
j TONNAGE DUTIES.
( Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the billgiv-
1 ing the assent of Congress to the levying of ton-
nage duties by the State of Alabama for the im-
provement of the port of Mobile.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
I 85) declaring the consent of Congress to any act
[ which may be passed by the Legislature of the
1 State of Alabama authorizing the municipal au-
thorities of the city of Mobile to impose and levy
a duty on the tonnage of vessels entering the port
of Mobile, was considered asin Committee of the
Whole. The bili,as originally introduced by Mr.
Clay, proposed to grant the consent of Congress
to the operation of any act of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Alabama, which has been, or
may hereafter be, passed, authorizing the muni-
cipal authorities of the city of Mobile to impose
and levy a duty, not exceeding six cents per ton,
on all ships and vessels of the United States, or
of any foreign nation, which shall arrive and be
entered in the port of Mobile, from any other port
or place, for the purpose of providing a fund for
the improvement of the harbor of Mobile.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause, and inserting:
That the consent of Congress be, and is hereby, granted
and declared to the operation of an act of the General As-
sembly of the State of Alabama, approved February 21,1860,
by the Governor of that State, entitled i( An act for the ira-
piovement of the bay and harbor of Mobile," authorizing
the piesidont and commissioners of revenue of Mobile
county to impose, levy, and collect a duty, not exceeding
six cents per ton, on'all ships and vessels of the United
Suite*, or of any toieign nation, which shall arrive and be
entered 111 the poitor haibor of Mobile, from any other port
or place, for the purpose of pioviding a fund for the im-
provement of the haibor of the said city of Mobile: Pro-
vided, The said act of the General Assembly of the State
of Alabama shall not inteiferein anyway with any laws of
the United States made in execution of existing treaties.
i^cc. 2. ~1nd be it further cnacted, That this act shall be
m force for ten years, and from thence to the end of the
next session ofCongiCbs thereafter, and no longer.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by striking out the word
" other/' and inserting "foreign** "before " port"
in the following clause;
Levy and collect a duty not exceeding six cents per
ton on all ship* and vessels of the United States, or of any
other nation, winch shall arrive and be entered in the port
or harbor of Mobile, from any other port or place."
