3096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
.As it now stands, it authorizes a duty to be levied
on our coastwise commcrce. I want to confine it
to our foreign commerce, that being in accordance
with the later practice of the Government.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that. I suppose the
gentleman wjII give some reason for it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will give my reason. In
the first place, the whole hill, to my mind, is ob-
jectionable. It is objectionable, bccause we have
not been furnished with that information which
we ought to be possessed of to enable us to act
intelligently. The bill proposes, as it now stands,
to give to the city of Mobile the right of taxing
all tonnage that shall enter that port,.whether it
be foreign or coastwise, six cents a ton, *
It is objectionable to allow a State to assess its
taxes upon the personal property of the citizens of
another State. It is a departure from the rule which
has obtained in this country for the last twenty
years at least, whatever might have been its prac-
tice under some of the earlier laws. It is also
objectionable, because I say we have not the in-
formation which we ought to have. We are not told
how many vessels enter this port m a year; how
many vessels enter and depart foreign; and how
many coastwise; and what is to be the aggregate of
the sum produced by this bill, if it shall become a
law. We have had no information on these ques-
tions. We have not even had a conjecture made
by the men who have presented the bill; and with-
out these facts, I affiim that wc cannot know
whether, if the bill be passed, a tonnage of six
cents a ton is twice what it ought to be, or not
half enough. It is the sum which the men who
have asked for the corporate powers propose to
impose, (I speak now of the State law through
which they have the power, provided Congress
'assents to it, to assess this duty,) and to expend
the money under a certain board named m the
bill. I insist that, before we pass any such bill,
we ought to know first what are the repairs to be
made in this harbor; we ought to have them ex-
plained to us. There ought to be a report made to
us of its commerce, its capacity, its character, and
precisely what is proposed to be done there. We
ought to know all this bclbie giving our consent
to assess any duties on tonnage, either foreign or
domestic. The bill proposes to assess duties on
both foreign and domestic tonnage. I say, sir,
that it is very objectionable to give to one State
the power of assessing a duty upon the tonnage
of another State; and while I know that the Sen-
ator from Georgia does not agree with me, I hold
that you have no right to do it; that u is a viola-
tion of one of the provisions of the Constitution,
it is imposing a duty on vessels sailing fiom one
port in one State to a port in another State, and
tn contravention of the clause of the Constitution
which prohibits that. It ought not, therefore, to
apply to our domestic commerce, but should apply
only to foreign commerce; and then it conies in
the nature of impost indirectly.
These arc my views upon the matter. I have
no disposition to discuss it at length. I did not
suppose it was to be pressed upon* the Senate at
this late hour of the session, l have stated my
general views; and without elaborating them,"!
am willing to leave the question here, so far as I
am concerned, hoping that, if any biil shall pass,
it will be confined to foreign commerce; but I am
against the whole thing, and I am frank to say
that I am against it for the precise reason that the
Senator from Georgia stated, the other evening,
he was in favor of it. He stated he was in favor
of it because he wanted to throw off the obliga-
tion of this Government to look after the gieat
commerce of the country. I am opposed to this
bill, because I do not want the Government to
throw off that obligation, which I believe is justly
imposed upon it, of regulating our commerce and
taking care of it, as one of the great vital mtei-
ests upon winch the prosperity of the country
must depend.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator offers thi'ec rea-
sons against this bill, none of which touches Ins
amendment. As to the question of constitutional
power, his objection, as I shall very easily show
you, is without the least shadow of foundation.
As to the objection m point of time, we have as
much time to pass laws to allow people to tax
themselves as we have to take money from the
public Treasury for local purposes; and I think
it is a much more legitimate business. What
information the Senator wants, I do not know.
This bill was introduced early in the session; it
was referred to the Committee on Commerce; it
was there examined in its principles and its de-
tails. When it was introduced, the Alabama Le-
gislature had not passed the law imposing the
tonnage duties. Subsequently to its introduction,
the Alabama Legislature, who were deemed to be
the very best judges of what duties it would be
necessary to put on their own commcrce—for they
are the main sufferers if the duties be too high—
passed the act to which the amendment of the
Committee on Commerce proposes to give the
assent of Congress. If they put too high a duty
on their commerce, or if they unwisely expend
the money, it would injure the port of Mobile,
and give an advantage to othcV ports over it. If
they get a corresponding benefit for the money
which they expend, if they make their port bet-
ter, and can oiler the advantages of an improved
navigation, they will gain by it. They are very
much better judges of the impost which ought to
be imposed for the purpose of improving their
own harbor. Whatever burdens are put upon
the commerce of Mobile must necessarily react
upon the people of Alabama who deal with that
poi t; and I believe its business is confined almost
exclusively, from its peculiar locality, to the cit-
izens of the State of Alabama. Probably it is as
peculiarly local as any port in the United States,
from its locality and the course of trade connected
with it.
Then, as to the question that meets us as to
power, the Senator says it violates this clause of
the Constitution—I presume that is the one to
which he referred—that" no preference shall be
given, by any regulation of commerce or revenue,
to the ports of one State over those of another; nor
shall vessels bound to or from one State be obliged to
enter, clear, or pay duties in another." This bill
does not violate this provision. No vessel bound
from New York to NewOrleans is obliged to en-
ter, clear, or pay duties in Mobile. No vessel
from any other port of the United States is com-
pelled by this bill to enter, clear, or pay duties
there. No vessel from any foreign country is
obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties at Mobile by
this bill. Therefore, it is not possible to imagine
how it can come in conflict with this clause of the
Constitution; and it is the only clause upon the
subject.
The reason for the clause was very plainly given
in the debates of the Federal convention. Take
the ease of a vessel bound fi oin Liverpool or from
Boston to Baltimore. it would have been conve-
nient to the Government to make it stop at Nor-
folk, Virginia, and there pay duties, and so with
a vessel outward bound from Baltimore to a for-
eign port. Maryland, in order to protecther com-
merce, ks it had to pass through the capes of
Virginia, insisted upon a provision to prevent it
being stopped there. The debates of the conven-
tion show that the clausc was inserted for the
benefit of Baltimore and Alexandria, and ports
similarly situated. It would have been much
cheaper for the Government to make all the com-
merce of the Potomac river, and all the commerce
of James river, and all the commerce of the Ches-
apeake bay, enter, clear, and pay duties at one
port. Then we should have but one set ofofficers;
it would be much cheaper for the revenue; butas
each State was jealous for its own commerce, this
provision was putin; and the construction which
1 have given is that which has been put on it by
all writei son the Const! tut ion, JudgeStory among
them, that we were forbidden to compel a "sessel
bound from a portin one State to a port in another
State—a vessel bound from Boston to Baltimore,
for instance—to enter and pay duticsin Virginia,
at the port of Norfolk. Take the ports in New
Jersey, above the city of New York. It would
be much more convenient to the Government to
require them to pay duties in New York, and so
it would be to compel vessels bound to tho port
of Camden, in New Jersey, to enter, clear, and
pay duties at Philadelphia. The jealousy of the
States in favor of their own ports, and probably
a very proper one, declared that this should not
be done. If this bill proposed to do any such
thing, it would be against the Constitution; but
it does not make any ship, domestic orforeign,
bound to or fromany other port or place in Amer-
ica, either enter, cleai, or pay duties, at the port
of Mobile. Then where is the objection?
How does the Senator discriminate between a :
tonnage duty upon foreign and upon domestic
commerce? The clause of the Constitution isj
"No State shall, without the consentof Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage/' &c. With the consent
of Congress they can lay any duty of tonnage
they please; and the power was given expressly,
as is shown by the debates of the Federal con-
vention, in the Madison Papers, to enable the
States to clear out their own haibois. And in
compliance with that, immediately after the form-
ation of the Constitution, and continuously on-
ward until twenty or thirty years ago, the power
was given to the States whenever it was asked
for. My fiicnd from Alabama [Mr. Clay] has
been confined by illness, and I am bringing for-
ward this bill on account of his indisposition, tie
has in his desk, and I have looked at them, the
whole series of acts; and they were uniform, giv-
ing this power to the States whenever they asked
for it. Maryland asked for it in the case of Balti-
more, and Georgia in the case of Savannah. The
power was given to Virginia from time to time,
it was given to every State of the Union that asked
for it; and I never knew it refused until within
the last few years, when the internal improvement
party, desiring to combine as great an interest as
they could in favor of appropriations from this
Government, sought to defeat improvements at
Mobile, at the mouth of the Mississippi, at the Red
river raft; because they hoped thereby that the
necessity of improvement would be so great that
the Representatives of the people in those sec-
tions, as you would not let them make these im-
provements with their own money, would unite
with them, and go for such improvements by the
Federal Government out of the federal Treas-
ury. It was when this influence was brought to
bear that opposition was made to conferring a
power so peculiarly local in its effect to every lo-
cality that sought it. It was granted in the earlier
history of the Government, as a matter of coursc,
up«n both foreign and domestic commerce. I
know there are some bills confining it to foreign
commerce, but that may have been according to
the wishes of the people of the locality; and I can
very well understand a reason for if m some cases.
Take Baltimore for example: she has a very large
coasting trade,'earned on in femali vessels; there
was water enough for them. If the harbor had
ten feet of water, it would be as much as the coast-
ing trade ordinarily needed; and if they wanted
to increase the depth of water for the purpose of
enlarging their foreign commerce, it was eminently
just and proper for them to lay the duty on for-
eign commerce alone. But there is no distinction
111 the Constitution, nor has there been any dis-
tinction in the laws of Congress that I have been
able to find, except where the localities asked for
it; and the question has been one left with the lo-
cality entirely. Congress take care that they
make no unjust discriminations, but that is all.
This law of Alabama which we have examined
authorizes a corporate body to make improve-
ments at Mobile, in order to deepen the harbor
and facilitate their own commerce. They have
judged on it; the facts were for them. They have
deemed it useful and necessary. The improve-
ment needed is very apparent, from the Govern-
ment surveys there; and the Senator could easily
have found out all about it. He could have gone
to Abert's report, and found what this harbor
needs. There have been, from time to time, rec-
ommendations for improving it out of the public
Treasury, and there have been appropriations;
but, as the system of appropriations for this pur-
pose has stopped, I hope never to be revived
again, we propose to resort to the constitutional
system; but, whether that plan is to be revived
or not, the people of Alabama desire to burden
their own commerce, the commcrce at their own
town, for the benefit of that commcrce itself.
They say that six cents a ton will be sufficient.
I know my State was allowed to chaigc as much
as twelve cents; but whatever amount is neces-
sary, I leave it to them to judge. I take it we
can trust them, because their own interests are
involved; they would feel the burden on their
own commerce more heavily than it would be felt
anywhere else. The best check against an im-
proper exercise of the power is right where it is;
and the law of the Alabama Legislature gives
the power to the City Council of Mobile, whose
duty it is to take care and look after the interests
of their port and their people.
