188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
and J. A. Gilmer, member for this district in Congress, has j
another; and now, for all this defiance of ilarcry and duve t
laws, your humble servant hits hardly heard a threat. Is not |
this wonderiul ? Is It not the hand ot Him who has paid, I
<£ the wrath of man shall praise him, and the rcmamdci of I
wrath he will restrain?-5 Devoutly thankful, I trust, my !
soul is to my God, for those signal mercies. And now let
me say to the American Tract Society, through you, its
officer, that X have no doubt of our ability to distribute suc-
cessfully at least six thousand tiacts such as those to which
you allude. Our agcncies to do tins will be mainly our
anti-slavery preachers, cxhoiteis, church members, and
many others friendly to human liberty. Indeed, it is not
at all improbable that in a year we might double the above
number. I have just sent to New York for another bo* of
Helper's work, to supply the increasing demand. A slave-
holder, whohas read this book, is now asking his neighbors
what he must do with his slaves. Are nor these blessed
portents, my brother r'—Boston (Abolition) Tract .Journal.
"We published the above in Jun>- last,and we ivpubl^h
it for the puipoho of seeing what Mr. Gilmer has to>ay 1
about the charge implied in the above aitiele. It is claimed ;
that Mi. Sherman ought not to be Speaker because he lin> 1
indorsed Helper's infamous book, but heie is Mi. Gilmi:r, ■
a southern man, who, it seems, knew that this mcendiaiy |
pamphlet was being circulated 111 his State 11101 e than mx j
months ago. We called Mr. GilmciCs attention to thi.; i
matter at the time this aitiele fust appealed m the Ro-ton
Tract Journal, but he never rel.eved himself fiom the im-
plications it contains. Two or three point8* aie veiy appa-
rent, if thi« article ho true. Fu-t, Mr. Gilmer had one of
the fifty of Helper's books that tins abolition emissary had
circulated. Second, Mr. GiLMrit must have known the
business of this mccndiary teacher ot 1 evolution and blood-
shed ; and third, knowing it, he did nothing to prevent him,
in his course of crime and uichedness. We tay thcf-e deduc-
tions are tail* inferences fiom this article winch appealed
tnoie than six months ago, and the truth of which Mr Gil-
mer hxis never denied, lie cannot plead ignorance that he
never saw it. If the article is tiue, we deiy Mr. Gilme&Io
rid himself of the imcrcncc.-* we have made. Let tho^e
'Americans' in Congress wiio aie supposing him lot
Speaker, ask themselves how tney can do so undo* piesont
circumstances. We submit that it is high time the South
looked about her to poo whcthci she has not bailors on her
own soil, quite as dangetous as many at the \orth. Thit>
is a time of stem realities. We are, perhaps, upon the
brink of a new war foi the great principles of populai lib-
erty ; and, as there were tiaitois m 1776. why may these
not be in 1859? Men who preach the crmade ol 'negro
freedom' have got to he taugut. by an appeal to aim-. 11
liccc.ifiary, that the white men of 'this country will novel
ntbmUtobe the cquaK of ncciocs, and if Mr. Gilmfk, or
Mr. Etiicridge, 01 Mr. Anybody Et>e is helping on this in-
famous and traitorous gang ol levoluUomstb, let them be
s xpo«cd. No mattei wheie men kve, wh"ther Noifh ot
South ol Ma^-on and D.xon's line, the inflexible and efunal
pjinciplcsof light and justice must have then ^vn\. no
matter who they cut down 01 who is ciuthed C> powder
beneath them."
Mr GILMER. In reply to this publication
1 desire simply to s*ay tiiat so far ns it Applies to
me, or tends? to implicate me with Helpoi, or ab-
olitionism, it is mi infamous, malicious, fabricated
falsehood from beginning to end. I desire to be
very brief and pointed m my reply. Thero was
an infamous article of that kind which came to my
notice during the campaign of last, summer. It
was then published for effect. A lie was pub-
lished—I treated it then with the contempt which
it deserved: and my people, who are 0 slave-hold-
ing people, and wbo know mo, treated it in the
wamo manner. If ever T had the Helper pam-
phlet, I am not aware of it. 1 certainly never re-
ceived it in the way or sense falsely attributed to
me. It may have been sent to mo in some way
by the mail. I received a number of such works
10 which I gave 110 attention, I have no knowl-
edge of ever receiving such a book, or of ever
having anysuchbookm mypossession. Most cer-
tainly can I truly say, that! never road that book.
It has been my fortune, Mr. Clerk, in the south- ij
<*rn country, honestly to differ in sentiment with jj
my Democratic, friends. I hav, acted honestly ji
v. lib the Whig party, a great conservative party
m t3)e South. In the discharge of a conscientious
duty I differed with my Democratic friends in the
course which they, no* don bt from a similar sense
of duty, conceived they ought to pursue. They -i
sustained the Senate bill providing for the admis- j
sion of Kansas into the Union as a State, under -j
th< Lecompton constitution. I voted honestly 1
and conscientiously ocrainst that bill. ( then be-
lieved: / was then satisfied, as all mc^r-re now sat- ,
isfied, that it was a'.-, infamous fraud end an hi fa- j
mous swindle. For the reason that I have not acted
with the Democratic party South, but for the more ; j
direct and apparent reason that i did not act with ;i
tlvm upon this Lecompton struggle, ever since !;
that hour I have been pursued with the ferocity ;|
of a tisier, and the malignity of a devil. I take ,j
occasion, sir, to repeat that I ehaigethe whole of ;|
this publication, so far as it is intended to affect !!
me, and so far as it implicates or charges any- ||
thing against as a be from beginning to end; \)
and I would have a1! ihos? who would circulate it
with a view to lessen the confidence of the coun-
try in mc, to understand distinctly the estimation in
which I hold them
Mr. SINGLETON then addressed the House
for two hours and a quarter. He withholds the
manuscript of his speech for revision. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. GROW. I move that the House proceed
to the election of Speaker.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; and the follow-
ing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Brown, Clark B. Cochrane, Jenkins,
Landrum, and Stallwortii.
During the call,
Mr. COOPER announced that he had paired
with Mr. Leach, of Michigan.
Mr. TAYLOR said: Mr. Clerk, my colleague,
Mr. Lamdhum, is confined to his room by illness.
He has been paired oil' up to to-day, but there
seems to be no certainty about his being paiied
off with any member oi" the opposite side at this
time. Mr. Landrum can be brought here if it is
absolutely necessary; but unless it is,his friends
do not think it prudent for him to be brought
hero. I appeal to gentlemen on the other side to
make a pair for him.
Mr. CARTER announced his willingness to
pair off with Mr. Landrum.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 am under obligations to the
gentleman for his courtesy.
The motion-of Mr. GROW was then agreed to.
ELEVENTH BALLOT FOR Hl'ilAKEH.
The House proceeded to an eleventh ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 230; necessary to a choice, 116;
of which—
Mr. Sherman received 112
Mr. ISoeoek  8.">
Mt. Boteioi  21
Mi. Tavlor 
Mr. \Talloiy  2
Mr. Horace F. (Mark  a
Ml. Phelps  I
Mr. Gilmer  1
Mi. McQueen    L
Mr. John G. Davi-  1
Mr. Adrani  1
Mi. LlejnokN  1
 So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Mc^i1*. Cluulc* F. Adnnn. Aldnch,
Alley, Ai-hiev, I'ahkit. Ueale, Bingham, Blair, i>)akc, ii ray-
ion, JiuilhiUm, r i:)J;M <uiit', j.mnhaui, Durioughs, Butler-
field, Campbell, (\u"y. Case, Collaw Conkling, C.'onvm,
Covode, (Juitis ]);>wc-<, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Kdwaids, lOhof, Kiy, Favnswoith, Fenton, Feiry, Foster,
Frank, Pt\ neb, Gooeh, Graham, Glow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
Ifa.skni, lielmiek, Hickman, Uoaid, Uumplney, Hutchms,
Iivine, Jimkin, Fiauci.-i W. Kello^, William KeUos?,
Kcnvon, Kilproie, Kdhuser, DeWitt C- Leach, f-ec, Lon^-
neckcr, Loomn, hovojoy, Mar-ion. M<-[Cf>an, 'Meivimdit,
Alel'heuon, IMillw.iid, Mooihead, Moudl. i.duaid Joy
Moiiis, Moisc, Nivou. Ohn, Palmei, I'eiminjiton, Peny,
I'ettit, Poifi, Potter, Pottle. Rioe, Chri.-lopiu'r IJcblifUi,
Royc, ScJuvaitz, r^-ninton, 5?edj2[wiek, bpauldmy,
8pumer,  Stantun, Htrven^, "VVilham f-Uewatt, tuition,
Tappan, Thayer, 'Ineakei, Tompkms, Tia n, 'J'limble,
Vandcvt-r, Van WyeK, Vern'e, "WatL', \Valdion, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Wa-hburn, F.llilm B. Vva^hbuine, Israel
Washburn, Welh,Wilson, Windotn,Wood, and Woodiuff.
I'br Mr. Bo cock—Me^si-. Allen, 'J'homa.-? L. Ander?ou,
Avery, Barksdale, B.ur, lhirreit, Bonliam, Boyce, lhaneli.
Buieh, Burnett, John B. Ciai k, Clopion, ('obb, Jolin Cocli-
lane, Coopei, Cox, James Craiij, BuilonCiaiae,Crawfoid,
Cuvrv, Davidson, keub< n i>avis, !.)'■ larnette. Dnnmick,
Fiimundson, Fualu^h, FJ' jenee, Foufce, Canictt, Gartiell,
Hamilton, John 'V. Harm. Iiawksu>, Iimdman, Ilolman,
Houston, Ilow.ud, Hu?h« r", Jcir k.-on, Jonc.j, Kcitt, Kunkcl,
Lamar, Lanabee, Loake, Loyan, l.ove, M.iclay, Charles
D. Maitin, Llbest S. Mailm, McClernand. McCiiieen, Mc-
Kae, Miles, Millson, ?Jon<gomeiy, ^jdenham Moore, tsaac
N. JMouis, Kibun'k, j\oeil, Pcndleion, Pejton, Phelp«?
Pryor, Reagan, Jame< ('. liobin^on, lUuVm, Rn-?t, Scott,
Sickle^. Simn^. Singleton, \\Tilh.im Smith, Stevenson,
James A. ^tewaif, fnont. Tajhu, Thonm^, L'nderwood,
Vailandi'^ham, Whitcdey, Wins low, Wood-on, and Wiighi.
J-'or Mr Boielo)—Mom?.. Gieen Adam-, William C. An-
derson. Douhsav. Biabson, Bns-low, Ctheudge, Gilmer,
Hauhman, J Monn'on Hairin, Ilatton, Hill, James M.
Leach. Malloiy, Ma\nard, Laban T. Moore, Nehon,
Quarics. William N H. Smith, Stokes,Vance, and Webster.
For Mr. Taylor—Me^-sis. Ashmore and Clemens.
For Mr. Mailory—Mes.«i«. Boteler and Buggb'.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Me&sis. John G. Davis and
Reynolds.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Bocock.
For Mr Gihaer—Mr. IT. Winter Davis.
For Mr. McQuecn—Mi. Pugh.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Mr. lliggs.
For Mr. Jidraw—Mr. Horace F. Clark.
For Mr. Reynolds—Mr. Adiam.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Clerk, the time has come
in the proceedings of this House, when I feel that
I am entitled to a hearing from you, and from the
members of this body. During the space of two
weeks, sir, my friends of the Democratic party
have voted for me with a constancy and unanim-
ity which demands from me my heartfelt and
grateful acknowledgments.
It was the belief of my friends at one time, that
my name might present a point around which the
sounder and more conservative elements of this
House might rally, and that such xally might re-
sult in success. That hope, sir, has dwindled
and grown more and more dim, until it has now
entirely gone. The country is deeply, intensely
excited. A feeling pervades it, so far as I know
anything of it, the like of which has never been
known before. The expectation of the people
comes up to us from every direction, demanding
to know whether we can ever unite among our-
selves, those of us, I mean, who are sounder and
more constitutional in our views, for the defeat
of a party which they regard as sectional and ag-
gressive. For myself, I have been willing at all
times, in all stages of this balloting, to unite, in
any possible mode, for accomplishing that object;
but believing now that the further use of my
name—standing, as I do, the nominated candidate
of one of the parties of the country—believing, I
say, that the further use of my name may be, to
some extent, a stumbling-block and bar m the
way of this union, 1 beg leave to withdraw it from
the further consideration of the House.
Before 1 take my seat, I will say that I do not
fail to appreciate the honor of presiding over tile
House of Representatives; but, sir, there is one
f-ehng, there is one consideration, hardly less
d>''jr to me, if at all less dear, even than that; and
that is, the proud consciousness that, during two
weeks of animated discussion and active canvass,
I feel that I have borne my self 111 a manner worthy
of a Representative of a free, chivalrous, and gen-
erous constituency. Had I gone into that chair,
I would have gone there entirely uncommitted,
free to do equal and exact justhe to every mem-
ber of this body. I have taken care, also, to pro-
vide that, should 1 remain upon the floor, which
is now curtain, I would remain with a heart un-
subuui'd by any mean complicity, with hands
unshackled and free to work both for the pro-
tection of the rights of every section of the country,
and for the honor and the glory of the whole. I
withdraw my name. [Applause.]
Mr. JrlOLMAiV obtained the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. Gentlemen around me de-
sire that there should be another ballot to-day.
With the undo standing that the gentleman from
Indiana shall still retain the floor, J ask him to
give way to enable m,' to move that the House
proceed to another Siellot for Speaker.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yv ith that, understanding, I
will yield the floor to ilv gentleman from North
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. "VV 1X81.0 W , it was then
Ordered, That the House pioceed to another ballot.
Mr. MOORE , of Alabama. 1 beg leave to place
m nomination for Speaker, Mr. Alexander R.
Boteler, of Virginia.
TWELFTH BALLOT JTOU SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to a twelfth ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: "Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 230; necessary to a choice, 116;
of which—
Mr. riiieiman lcccived 11C
Mr. Botelei  29
Mi. P>oco<'k  19
M:. ('helps  16
Mr. Ta\lot  12
Ah. John <>. Davi.i  7
Mr. Eaiksdaic  5
Mr. Maclav  5
Mr. Mcdueon  3
Mr. Horace F. Claik  2
Mr. Houston  2
Mi. MeClemand  2
Mr. Cum*  *2
Mr. Window  2
Mr. Bonham  1
Mi. J   1
Mi. Edmundson  1
Mr. Adrain  I
Mr. Stevenson  J.
Mr. Gilmer  1
Mr. Mile-i    I
Mr. McRae  1
Mr. .Lamar  1
Mr.
Mr. Gamett 
Mr. English 
So there was no choice.
