2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
every man- of you is out of the party; there is not
one of you left. What one on this floor indorses
thePresidentinall his recommendations? I never
saw any one. I believe even the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bic.i.er] does not. And yet
difference of opinion with the President is a test
of Democratic orthodoxy! Will the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Mason] come to the rescue of the
President on the Pacific railroad ? He has always
failed to do it yet. Search the records, and you
will find that lhavesustainedPresidentBuchanan
on more questions than any one of you. The test
has not been made against anybody but me. Is
it not a curious rule ? The President, it is said, is
the head of the party, and a difference with him
on a recommendation of his puts you outside of
the party. By that rule, I am outside, and so is
every one of you with me. We ought to be to-
gether, then, by this time.
This all shows the folly of attempting to erect
any one man as an idol to be worshiped, whose
nod is to be authority to Senators and Represent-
atives. It shows the folly of allowing the Presi-
dent and Cabinet to tell us what our duty is. I
concede to the executive branch of the Govern-
ment freedom of thought and action in the per-
formance of all the functions vested in him by the
Constitution; but when it comes to voting on a
measure, I am as independent of him as he is of
me. He has no more right to tell me how I shall
vote, than I have to tell him what he shall recom-
mend, or whether he shall sign or veto a bill. Sir,
whenever I shall recognize the President, be ho
who lie may, of what party he may, as the head
of my party, to tell me how I shall vote in this
Chamber, 1 shall disgrace as well as betray the
sovereignty of the State that sent me here. No,
sir; Republics are a sham unless the represent-
atives of the people and the representatives of the
States are as independent of the Executive as he
is of them. I do not plead guilty, therefore, to
the impeachment that I am outside of the Demo-
cratic organization, or ever was.
1 appealed from this test of a presidential edict
as the rule of action of the party, to the grand
council of the party itself—the national conven-
tion, assembled once in four years to make creeds
and nominate candidates. Judged by their test,
I am inside; and every man that is willing to fight
under the old Democratic Bag of 1852 and 1856 is
inside. Every man that demands no new test is
inside of the organization in good standing, and
only those are seceders and bolters who reject the
platform, and try to break up the organization,
because the party will not now abandon its tiine-
honored principles, and take lip those that it has
uniformly rejected for so many years.
The Senator says he loves his party; but he
loves to have the party agree with him, and then
he will fight for them. I wish him to bear in
mind that the party never did indorse this new
article of faith which he is now threatening to use
for the disruption of the party unless it can bo
admitted. The party rejected it in 1848, scout-
ed it in 1852, denounced it in 185G, and again
m 18G0. The party stands under its old Hag;
under its old organization; proclaiming its lime-
honored creed; making no variation whatever.
Is that sufficient cause to disrupt the only party
that can save the Union? I think we all pro-
fess to believe that the Democratic party is the
only political organization now adequate to the
preservation of the Union. He who attempts
to break up that organization looks with com-
placency to the only alternative which we aro
told is to follow—to wit: disunion. The simple
question then is, whether it is better to have a
Democratic Administration on the same platform
that brought Mr. Buchanan into power, or dis-
solve the Union. If this platform was so fear-
fully bad, so vicious, so fatal to southern inter-
ests, and destructive of southern rights, how
happened it that every man of you indorsed it in
1856 ? Did you not know what your rights were
then? Were you not as much devoted to the in-
terest and honor of your States then as now?
How happened it that every delegate from every
State of the Union voted for it then, if it is suffi-
cient cause for disruption now?
In this connection, I may be permitted to allude
to an error of the Senator from Mississippi, when
he supposed that I had omitted a part of, and
thereby misled the Senate in the quotation of, the
Alabama platform. He read a resolution which
he said I omitted. The Senator, if he will look
again at the proceedings of that Alabama conven-
tion in 1856, will find that the convention first
proceeded to give their views on their rights lis a
State platform, and then proceeded to say that the
"following resolutions "should constitute articles
which her delegates were instructed to insist upon
at Cincinnati; and if they were not adopted by
the convention bafere a nomination was made, the
delegates were to retire, making a wide distinc-
tion between their own opinions of what they
were entitled to, and that which they would de-
mand as an ultimatum from the national conven-
tion. Now, sir, I reject that which she did not
insist on. I said yesterday that I should read the
ultimatum that she was content with. 1 read that,
and the whole of it. The Cincinnati convention
took it in 1856. I am willing to accept it now.
Is Alabama going out of the Union now, merely
because we insist upon adhering to her own ulti-
matum of 185G? Did not the glorious State of
Alabama know what her rights were in 1856?
Did not she preserve her honor when she adopted
that ultimatum; and is she not bound by her
faith to adhere to her own ultimatum, after it has
been accepted by us and vindicated before the
country ?
Sir, do not- consider me as doubting Alabama,
or any one of those States whose delegates have
seceded. I have faith in their devotion to princi-
ple, their devotion to the Union, their devotion to
the Democratic party. I do not believe that the
people of any one of those States approve of the
action of some of their delegates in trying to break
up the Democratic organization. I do not admit
that those seceding delegates are the States. They
were the agents; whose acts, in my opinion, will
be disavowed. I believe that Alabama to-day is
willing to remain in harmony and concert of ac-
tion with the northern Democracy on the same
terms and conditions to which we heretofore
agreed, and upon which we aro willing now to
act. That is all we ask of Mississippi—all we
ask of any other State. Stand by the platform;
maintain the same old flag; do not strike out a
stripe, nor blot out a star. Stand by it as it is,
and we will fight a battle that will strike terror
and annihilation into the ranks of the Republi-
cans, who are looking on at this fight among our-
selves with joy, in the hope that the Democratic
party, like all that have gone before it, is now to
be dissolved. Their hope of success consists
only in our dissensions.
Now, sir, are these dissensions a sufficient cause
for the disruption of the parly ? What has been
done? What new question has arisen since 1856
that makes the platform then adopted unworthy
of the support of patriotic men now? We are
told that the Supreme Court have made a decision
in the Dred Scott case, and that is the causc. Is
that decision hostile to the southern States? Is
there anybody in the Democratic party that does
not propose to abide by it, and carry it out in
good faith ? No; but you want us to declare, first,
what that decision means, mid then that we will
carry it out according to that construction. Wo
do not believe that that decision reaches the ques-
tion of the power of a Territorial Legislature, for
these reasons: first, there was no Territorial Le-
gislature in the recoid, nor any allusion to one;
second, there was no territorial enactment be-
fore the court; third, there was no one fact in the
ease alluding to or connected with territorial le-
gislation; and next, the counsel in the case never
dreamed that there was any such question involved
in it, and never argued it. Is it not a curious fact
that a great question, concerning the fate of a
great party, and in which the whole country were
interested, should have been involved in the case
when the lawyers on neither side ever imagined
it was there? Would not Reverdy Johnson have
been able to find it out if it had been in the case?
He tells you that it was not there; that nobody
thought it was. It never was argued—never al-
luded to. Nor do the court allude to it in their
opinion; and yet that opinion is cited as a decis-
ion of the question. The question referred to the
court, in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, was the extent
of the limitations imposed by the Constitution on
a Territorial Legislature. That was the question
referred to the court, as stated by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] Stand by that
one point, and you will never have an occasion for
intervention. Butthe Senator said that within the
last four years a new question has arisen. He
did not tell us what it was. Certainly it was not
this question of the extent of the power of the
Territorial Legislature, for the debates all show
that it was discussed in 1850 and 1854. What
new question, then, has arisen since, to furnish
even a pretext for this new article in the creed ?
The Senator from Mississippi has got one idea
into his brain, and he has magnified it so much
that it is expanding till, I am afraid, it will drive
out almost all other ideas. It is that protection
is the end of government. That is true, subject
to certain limitations. By the "end" he means
the object of all government. It is subject to lim-
itations. Protection to the extent, and in the way
erescribed in the Constitution, is the object of the
[overnment. I will give you protection to slave
property, and every other species of property, to
the fullest extent the Constitution authorizes and
requires of me. If the Senator does not want to
carry his protection further than the Constitution
goes, there is no difference between us. If he
does, I cannot go with him beyond that point.
The Senator complains that in what is known
as the Harper article, I placed him in a false po-
sition by the quotation I made on that point. I
can only say to him that I never dreamed of
placing him in a false position, and did not intend
it. When he published his note afterwards, I did
not reply to it, because then I did not comprehend
what he meant; but his explanation to-day shows
that probably one extract, which I used for one
purpose, may have put him in a false position on
another point, which did not occur to my miiul
at the time. I am glad he has corrected it, for 1
never imagined that I had done so, and I would
at any moment have corrected it; for, sir, never
will I do injustice to any gentleman, without seiz-
ing the earliest opportunity, after I discover the
fact, to make reparation.
The Senator from Mississippi says that he has
great aversion -to speaking of political conven-
tions, and regrets that these things are dragged
into the debates of the Senate, but that he is com-
pelled to reply to me on that point. 1 desire the
Senator to remember that he introduced that sub-
ject himself; he reviewed the action of the Charles-
ton convention, and defended the seceders. He
condemned the action of the majority, and sup-
ported that of the minority, if I am not mistaken.
In reply to him I was compelled to defend the
regular organization, which In1 had condemned by
defending the regulars against what he had said
in defense and justification of the seceders. , But
for that I should never have brought that partic-
ular subject into debate. 1 had no desire to refer
to the action of that convention. What I said
was in self-defense. What I have now to say oil
the point is also in self-defense. The Senator has
told us that the seventeen Democratic States were
for the report which was rejected, and that the
minority of sixteen other States did not contain
a certain Democratic State among them. Let us
look at these Democratic States that he speaks of.
Do you call Maryland one of them?
Mr. DAVIS. "She ought to be.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is she so?
Mr. DAVIS. I hope she will be so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Hope is one thing, and cer-
tainty is another. Mr. Buchanan hoped to have
Maryland in 185G; but did he get her vote'
Mr. DAVIS. No; nor Illinois either, by a ma-
jority.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You said you were talking
of electoral votes, and we got the Illinois electoral
vote.'
Mr. DAVIS. By a division of the Opposition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No matter. We got it over
all enemies. Furthermore, you arraigned Illinois
as not being a Democratic State, when she never
failed to give her electoral vote for the Demo-
cratic nominee. Can you say as much of Mis-
sissippi ?
Mr. DAVIS. Pretty much.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Can you quite ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will put him straight there. Mississippi has once
given a vote not for the Democratic candidate;
but Illinois would have done so the last time, but
for the fact of there being three tickets in the field,
as was shown by the vote. Wriggle out of that,
if you can.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to wriggle. I
take the records and the facts. .In 185G, we gave
