1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS©
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burlmgame, bumham, Burroughs, Butter-
fielcl, Campbell, Carey, Case, Collax, Conkling, Corvvm,
Covodc, Cuitis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, French, Gooch, Graham,Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
Haskin, Hehnick, Hickman, Hoaid, Humphrey, Hutchins,
Jrvine, Junlcin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Renyon, Kilgore, Killmger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
necker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKmght,
McPherson, Millvvard, Moorhcad,Moirill, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Moise, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Pennington, Perry,Pettit,
Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Ilobinson, Roycc,
Sehwaitz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Somes, Spauldmg, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewait, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyek, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbuine, lsiacl Washburn,
Well*, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff.
Foi Mr. Botclci—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. An-
derson. Bouligny, Brabson, Bii«:<rs Bnstow, De Jamette,
Ethoridge, Gilmoi, Hardeman, J. Morii^on Hams, Uatton,
Hill, Jackson. James M. Leach, Mulioiy, Elueit S. .Martin,
Maynoid, Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham Moon-, Nelson,
Q,uailoh, William Smith, Wilham N. II. Smith, Stoke*,
Vance, Webster, und Wood==nn.
For Mi. Bocoi'k—Messrs. Bonham, Burnett. Cox, Burton
C'raige, Davidson, Reuben Davis, Edmimdso'n, Hindman,
Holman, Kunkol, Logan, Love, MeCIcmant!, lt-aao N.
Alorti-j, Peyton. Phelps, Ruttm, Simms, and Stevenson.
For Mr. Fhelpa—Messrs. Allen. Barr, Bairett, Burcii,
John B. Clark, John Cochiaut;, English, Floicnec, Foukc,
John T. Hams, Maclay, -Viblaek, Noell, Pendleton, Taj lor,
and Whiteley.
For Mr. Taylor—Messis. J;imo<5 L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Clemens, Hamilton, Hawkins, Houston, Hughes, Leake,
Chailes J). Martin, Pjyor, Reagan, and Rusk.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messis. Aduun, Cooper, How-,
arc Montgomery, Ilf?gs, James C. Robinson, and Stout.
For Mr JJarhsaale—Messrs. A very, Scott, Singleton,
Thomas, and Wright.
For Mr. Maclay—Messis. Boeock, Lamar, Siekier:, James
'A. Stewait, antfWinslow.
For Mr. McQueen—Messrs. Clopton, McRae, and Push. -
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Messrs. John G.' Davis and
Reynolds.
For Mr. Houston—Me«r-, Cobb nnd Undoivooii.
For Mr. McClcrnand—Mcsms. Jauie^ Cir«ig and Laitabue.
For Mr. Cuiry—Mcsm?. Crawlou! and Joikn.
For Mr. fVirMoic—Messis. Dimniick and Millson.
for Mr. Bonham—Mr. Baiksdalo.
For Mr. Hill—Mr. Boteler.
For Mr K^mund^on—Mr. Boyce.
For Mr. JH,ain —Mr. Horace F. Clark.
For Mr. Sicvcason—Mr. Cuny.
For Mr. Gilmer—Mi. II. Winter Davis.
For Mr. Mi?c >—Mr. Garnet.
For Mr McR<,r—*h\ Gam-ell.
For Mr. JLawi(<r~Mr. Keitt.
For Mr. PupJi—Mr. McQueen.
For Mr. G\o ucf/—Mi Miles.
For Mr. Knzkih—Mi \ allandujham.
Mr. GROW. I move that tlie House proceed
.o another ballot. [Cries of " No'"Yes!" "Ad-
journ"']
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand (hat one or
two gentlemen on this side have left. I move,
therefore, that the House adjourn. [Shouts on
all side* of "Yes!" "No!" " Ballot!"]
Mr. GROW. We have already ordered that
a ballot shall now bo taken.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman sincly knows
that this sid«j will not const nt to bollot with some
of our members absent. There enough of us
hero to call the yeas and nays upon motion:-: to
adjourn, &c.: so that the other side cannot force
us to a ballot. There were gentleman on this side
who. understanding that there were to be 110 more
votes to-day, have left the House.
Mr. GROW. The gentlemen were all hereon
the last vote. I made the motion, and it was
carried by the House. Now, if gentlemen have
left the House, 1 do not know that that is any
reason for delaying the vote. If it be so consid-
ered, then we may be delayed any day as long as
any gentleman may choose to absent himself. So
tar as I am concerned, 1 will not now consent to
an adjournment.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 have submitted the mo-
tion that the House adjourn.
Mr. BURiNETT. i ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion fur a mo-
ment, and I think that wo can obviate the ciiHi-
culty. 1 know of only one gentleman on thus side
of the House who has left, and if some gentleman
on the other side will pair oil with turn, we can
then take another ballot. Let gentlemen place us
upon an equality with them in tins respect, and
then, if they want another ballot, let us have it.
Mr. WINSLOW. Very well;if that arrange-
ment can be made, I will withdraw my motion.
STANTON Call the roll, and let us see
wlio is absent.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand that Mr. Clem-
ens is absent. If some gentleman will pair off
with him, I will withdraw my motion; but not
otherwise.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is very evident
that this side of the House is not ready for another
vote to-day. I move that there be a call of the
House.
A Member. That motion is not in order while
the motion to adjourn is pending.
Mr. GROW. ' I will not consent, so far as I am
conccrned, to an adjournment. Gentlemen appeal
to me, because some one or two gentlemen have left
the IJall. Why, sir, if we are to act upon that
principle, wo should never transact any business.
Suppose two of the gentlemen on that side should
die, would they ask us to suspend until new mem-
bers could be elected?
Several Members. Oh, no! of course not.
Mr. GROW. Then let gentlemen stay here
aud attend to their business, and there would be
no difficulty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state that I
understand two gentlemen on this side of the
House, understanding that the vote just Liken
was to be the last for to-day, have gone home.
Under the circumstances, i think the House ought
to adjourn; ond 1 therefore renew the motion,
if it 'has been withdrawn, that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand that Mr.
Cleaikx's has been paired oil', but that Mr. Kn-
mitndson" has also left. If any gentU-man on the
other side will pair off with him, then we may
have another vote, if gentlemen wish it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i have made the
motion that the House do now adjourn, end I do
not withdiaw the motion.
Mi. SPINTn Kit. I demand the yeas and nays
upon tii" motion.
The yen^ nnd nay?; were ordered.
Mr. KM )TH . oi'Vir:;inia. T am willing to with-
draw the motion, if th'T'' can be a call of the
House.
Mr. JO PTN COCHRANE. I move that there
be a call of the Hoas\
The CLERK. The Clerk does not understand
that, under parliamentary law, a motion that there
be a call of the House is m order pending a mo-
tion that the Hoiw- adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand that
the motion to adjourn has be<-n withdrawn.
A Membi:ii. 'it could not he withdrawn. The
Clerk had commenced to call the roil, and there
had been a response.
Mr. HOUSTON. I be- to spy that there hos
been no response which has been tveoided by the
Clerk. The name of a member was calied, and
there doubtless was a response, but it was not
heard at the Clerk's desk, no^ marked upon his
roll, and therefore 1 say that, in point of fact, theic
has been no iexpon.se.
Whilst I am upon the door, I would suggest
that we have been in the habit of adjourning
eveiy doy aflAr the second ballot, when we have
bnlloieo at all. I appeal, then, to g< nth men to
know if it iy altogether fair, when we have al-
ready \ot< d three times, to take another?
Several Aii^iEuns. i\o, iwce.
Mr. HOUSTON. Y< ry well/then, tv*ce; Will
gentlemen, 1 say, under these eircu.mstanrcs, in-
sist upon another bolloi? Genthmcn have only
complied with what hasbeut the unbroken cus-
tom of the House. I r. p( at that we have been
m the habit of adjourning after the second ballot.
It i^ now after four o'clock. It takes a long time
to ballot v/it3i so many candidates in the field, and
it does seem to me that the House ought to ad-
journ.
Mr. GROW. I will follow the example of the
gentleman from Alabama, and say what I have
to say in very few words. Appeals s< em to be
made'to me to giv<- my com-'Tt loan adjournment
at i!>is tim". Now. sir, we have been here two
wt eks, and w.- hove done jitile else, most of the.
time, than to listen to editorials fiom the New
York Herald, rehashed and given to us 111 the
to- m of speeches. [Laughter.] Now, when we
a k ihat .some business shall be done, objection
is made that some gentleman is not in Ins seat.
If that is to bo the course we arc to pursue, we
shah never get a Speaker. All 1 have to say is,
that I do not think gentlemen ou^hl, in fairness,
to ask for any further delay at this time.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that
the motion to adjourn has been withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I hold on
to it. I will state to the House that I have made
my motion, and insist upon it, for special reasons,
that 1 will not give at present.
Mr. KILGORE. I wish the gentleman would
give his reasons.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. I am urged by
gentlemen on all sides to withdraw my motion.
Well, gentlemen, you may have your own way.
I withdraw the motion.
The Clerk then requested the tellers to resume
their places.
THIRTEENTH BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to a thirteenth ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes, i£2(i; necessary to a choice, 114; of
which—
Mi. Sherman received 110
Mi. Boteler  31
Mr. Barksdalo  20
Mr. John G. Davis  12
Mi. Boeock  12
Mr. Reagan  S
Mi.Ttytoi  7
Mr. Phelps  6
Mr. iMeClcrnand  4
Mi. fiouligny  S
Mr. floiaee F. Claik 
Mr. Window 
Mr. McQucen   
Mr. Stevenson 
Mr. Ma
  2
  2
i
Mr. Houston  1
S Mr. Gilmci  1
| Mi. J. Momson llariis   1
l Mr. Erhctidgr  1
! Mi. Pugli...'.  1
| So there was no choice.
j The following is the vote in detail:
' For Mr. Shciman—(,'luulo-s F.Adams, Aldrieh,
i Alley, llablutt, Ue;i!«<, Iini .ham, lilan, iUake, Biayton,
! Bulniiton, l>uilin<ramc, lUnnh.un, Uiuruughs, Butteifiold,
1 Campbell, Caiey, Ca«c, Collax, Oonklmg. Corvvm. Covode,
! Cuius, Davve-s Delano, Duell, Dunn, Kdgerton, Edwards,
I EhoJ, Ely, Fains worth, Fenton, Feuy, Foster, Frank,
, Fiench, Gooeh, Giaham, Gkhv, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Has-
: km, llelmie!;, Hickman, Humphrey, Ilutehins, Irvine,
1 Junkiu, Fi.meis W. Kellojj'r. William Kello<i<.r, ICenyon,
j Kilgoie, Kiliingei, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
, Loomis., Lovejoy, McKean, McKmght, MePhers>on, Mill-
! waid, Mooihc.ul, Monill, Echv.ud Joy Morris, Morse,
! Nixon. (Jim, l\i!mei. Pennington, Perry, Pettlt, Porter, Pot-
! tei, Pottle, Rice, Clni^topher Robinson, Koyce, Schwartz,
! Seranion, Sedgwick, Homes, Spaulding, Spinnoi, Stanton,
j Steven^, William Stewaii, Stiatlon, Tappan, Thayer,
I Theakei.Toinpkm«,Tiam,Trimble, Vandevei,Van Wyck,
I Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
! burn, Ellihu B. Wa^hburue. Ifiaol Washburn, W«tls, Wil-
! son, Windom, Wood, and WoodiulT.
i For Mr- J>otclev—Mes-i-. Gicmi Adams'. Thomas L.
! Andei-nn, William C. Andci:on, iJouhgny, Biab?on, Bris-
tou'. He Jn,-netto,Gainett,Gilmci, Haidcman, John T. Har-
, lis, iidtton, llawkm^, Hill. Jack-on, Jaines M. Loach,
! Leake, Malloiy, Elbeil S. Maitm, Maynaid, Sydenham
Moore, Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Pryor, Quailos, William
. Smith,' William N. H. f^mith, F'tokes, Vance, Webster,and
i Wood-son.
| For Mr. liririiJalc—Me-irr,. Avciy, Bonham, Boyce,
j Clopton, C'rau fbid, Cuuy. Reuben Davis, Gai'treil, Hous-
ton, Jorie^, Keitt, Lamar! Love, MacJav, McKae, Scott,
' Sinclcion, Tliomaa, Undenvood, and Wiiffht.
! J'ov Mr. John G. Davis.—Aaram, AIIoiu Barr,
' Horace F. Claik.Coopci, Cox, Howaid, Charles D. Martin,
Montgomery, Pendleton, Kisr^. James C. Robinson, and
■ ValKinciiyhani.
i Foi Mr Baik-dah'. Bnrch, Burnett,
Bniion Cias^e, David-on,Edmnnd^on,Ihndman, Holman,
Kunkel, Puuon, Rutfm, and Steven*on.
For Mr. Reagan—Mo^is Fonke, Hamilton, Larrabee,
Lo-ran. McOleniand, I'aac N. iMoniri,Noell, and James A.
Stewait.
For Mr. Tarlot--Mcst-.is. Ashmoic, John Cochianc, Eng-
lUh, Huyhi^/Pheip-, tlea^an, and Rust.
Foi Mr iJhelp5—Mcs•?r. Boeock, Branch, Florence, Nib-
lack, Sickles, and Whiteley.
For ?Ir. McCleriiand—Me^rs. Barrett, John B. Clark,
James Ctaiu, and Taylor.
For Mr. B9vU«ay—Messrs. Boteler and Biiggs.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Messrs. John G. Davis and
Res e.olds
For Mr. IP'inslovi—Mcsnr-i. Dimmick and Millson.
For Mr. McQueen—Messrs. Miles and Pugh.
For Mt. Stcicii$on—Mr. Simms.
For Mr. Maclay—Mr. Winslow.
For Mr. Houston—Mr. Cobb.
For Mr. Gilmer—Mr. H. Winter Davis.
For Mr. J. MorrUon Harris—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Etheridge—Mi. J. Mormon llaiTi^.
For Mr. Pugh—Mr. McQueen.
During ihe, coll of the roll,
Mr. ASHBY stated that he had paired with Mr.
ClXMEN'S.
A stated that Mr. HoATtn had paired
with Mr. Stout.
And then, on motion of Mr. JOHN COCH-
RANE, (at a quarter before five o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
