3098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Mr. PUGH. I believe I hod the floor on this
amendment at the time of the last adjournment;
but I do not intend to detain the Senate more than
■With five or ten words of explanation. I think it
is about two years ago since we appropriated
money to build seven steam vessels of the smaller
class. I know there was quite a lengthy debate
upon it. It was said to be necessary to use that
description of vessels for running into rivers and
harbors. Then, sir, after the Paraguay expedi-
tion we made another large purchase of steam-
boats and smaller vessels. During the first Con-
gress, when I was here, we added largely to the
Navy by the building of steam frigates; and so it
goes on from year to year, and from time to time;
first, more ships, so that we may find employment
for the officers; and then more officers, to go on
board the ships. It is just a continual stimula-
tion, first one way and then the other. Now, all
this is to be done under the pretext of suppress-
ing the African slave trade. My opinion is that
the ships arij more important in this amendment
than the Africans—a great deal more so. As I
said at the time I gave way to the Senator from 1
Missouri,on his motion to adjourn, we now dis- 1
cover that it costs us almost §100,000 to carry a
cargo under our present laws for suppressing the
African slave trade; and I say it ought to be sup-
pressed on cheaper and better terms. There is
some fault in our legislation; and for my part, un-
til I can examine the matter better and more thor-
oughly^ I shall certainly not spend any more
money than I can help to press forward in a pol-
icy that has altogether failed. Therefore, I shall
vote against this amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I desire
to occupy a very few minutes of the time of the
Senate on this subject, not that I am about to say
anything that I suppose will have any great cfTect
on the immediate question before the body; but
I desire to say a few words about the general
question of the suppression of the African slave
trade,more by way of preparation to a more elab-
orate examination of the subject hereafter than
to any present purpose.
I am beginning, Mr. President, to be very much
satisfied that we are self-cheated and self-deluded
about this business', and it is time for us to come
to an understanding with ourselves, and espe-
cially with the British Government, in relation
to the suppression of the African slave trade. I
think we should come to some understanding of
how to do it, instead of contrivances how not to
do it. It is worth while for a moment to consider
what condition wo are in now, and what are the
objects and purposes which we have reason to
believe arc entertained on the part of the English
Government. After the emancipation of their
slaves in the British West India Islands, they es-
tablished a system of apprenticeship. Soon after,
this was supet'Seded, and a general system, by
some arrangement and law of Grent Britain, for
the immigration of voluntary laborers, was set
upon. They undertook to put that in operation
in Africa; but they found there were no people
there who were m a condition to exorcise volition.
They followed it out with their coolies, into China,
and adopted various ways of obtaining laborers,
finding that their emancipated slaves did not work
as cheap as the owners of plantations desired.
The thing has not succeeded exceedingly well.
The British Government then, not succeeding in
getting voluntary laborers on the coast of Atriea
and elsewhere, pushed forward the system of
capturing African slavers and sending the persons
thus captured to Sierra Leone and to St. Helena,
I where they have their two establishments, and
there they are for a time supported and furnished
with some provisions, and recovered from the
condition they were in at the time of their cap-
ture; but they are soon delivered out to go to ser-
vice at seven pence a day sometimes, and where
they-cannot obtain work there dnectly, they are
in a condition to become "voluntary laborers"
for the British colonies ot" the West India Islands
and British Guiana.
I have looked at the returns of gentlemen who
have examined these establishments at Sierra
Leone and St. Helena, and how they arc managed,
and what they result in. The great purpose of the
British Government seems to be, to obtain volun-
tary labor to send to the British West India Isl-
ands. The English Governmentgives five pounds
a head for all Africans that are captured, and I be-
lieve thatis thesame bounty that wegive—twenty-
five dollars. That is the present pay. What is
the effect? It is that British and American vessels
along the African coast have no inducement to
prevent the shipping of slaves. The direct in-
ducement offered by both Governments is to let
them be shipped on board the slave ships, and
then catch as many as they can, for the purpose
of getting pay, and for another purpose on the
part of the English, and that is, that those cap-
tured by their vessels may be carried to these tem-
porary colonies of which I speak, and be prepared
to become " voluntary laborers" for the British
West India Islands.
I believe the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts has a bill which proposes to give our
naval officers §100 a head for captured Africans.
So we are to hirp our own men, and furnish our
own ships, and give $100 a head for capturing
them, and $100 a head for carrying them back
again. This is not Yankee enterprise; it is a bad
business—1 mean m a pecuniary point of view,
and I cannot conceive it to be any better in point
of humanity. 1 am exceedingly unwilling to be
considered, day after day and year after year, the
dupe of my own delusions. 1 want to state things
as I understand them. If they can be corrected,
let them be corrected. Now, that is the way I
understand this.
I would here further remark that there is away,
an obvious way, of really preventing, breaking
up, and entirely destroying the African slave
trade. If the English Government and the Amer-
ican Government, under the treaty which exists,
seriously and honestly set about destroying the
African slave trade, it can be easily done, I have
no doubt. A knowledge of the African coast,
and of the condition of things there, has been very
essentially developed within the last ten years.
The palm-oil trade has almost entirely grown up
within that period, and the men who have been
engaged in that trade from America, as well as
from England, have become, by their agencies
upon the coast, entirely familiar with this whole
business. We can obtain all the information we
want, if wc desire to have any. The allegation
which has long been made about the African fever
being a great trouble along the coast has, as it
turns out, nothing in the world in it. It is now
perfectly well ascertained that that fever never
reaches a mile from the coast, and seldom beyond
half a mile. Perfect immunity is secured by
sleeping on board ship. I speak from some means
of knowledge on this subject, for I have connec-
tions who have been concerned in the palm-oil
trade, who have furnished me with information,
and who have been on the coast, personally, for
months together. The whole region on the west
coast of Africa, on which the slaves are shipped,
only comprises short of three hundred miles on
each side of the equator. It all lies within that
narrow compass; and the points at which the
shipments take place aie as perfectly well known
as the harbors on the coast of North America are
known; and if they are changed, the knowledge
of them can be just as easily obtained. There is
nothing to do but to place a few ships along the
coast to watch these places, together with some
agencies along the coast, where hundreds can be
protected and supported at very cheap rates, run-
ning m at the different ports where the agencies
arc and informing them of all the changes that
take place. It takes weeks to collect a cargo for
shipment, but if it is ready for shipment it can
be shipped quickly. It can only be collected
slowly. The shipment can be stopped.
There can be no doubt at all in the mind of any
man, who will set himself seriously to examine
it, that we can put an end to this trade, if so be
that we intend to do it, and do not waste our time
in contrivances how not to do it. I think it is
time that some understanding should be distinctly
come to between ourselves and the British Gov-
ernment in ielation to this subject. I think, too,
!i that I cannot very well lepress, aftei all the evils
there are connected with it, the suggestions which
recent occasions brought out by which the public
attention and the attention of Congress may be
drawn to this subject. I have before me full ma-
terials and full references to authorities by which
we can be furnished with all information on this
subject, when seriously there is a disposition man-
ifested to honestly carry into effect the intention
to suppress this trade. I hope the great expenses
which are now occurring will draw the attention
of Congress to the subject.
I cannot, perhaps, better illustrate the effect of
the present condition of things than by stating
briefly the case of the Orion. The Orion was
seized on suspicion, and sent to New York last
fall. She was discharged, and returned directly
to the coast of Africa. Last November she was
boarded by the United States ship Mystic, on the
coast on our service; and on the plea of sickness
of the crew she received some assistance from the
Mystic, and she ran to the mouth of the Congo
river, one of the places of shipment. The Mys-
tic remained near the mouth of the river to watch
her for several days; but she was ordered to Lo-
ando with some dispatches, and she passed the
word over to the British steamer Pluto to watch
the Orion. The Pluto, in a few hours, moved off
the coast. The Orion then, not being watched,
took on board eight hundred and seventy-one
slaves—human souls. The Pluto returned, and
finding she had gone, made chase, overlook her
in about a hundred miles, and carried her as a
prize to St. Helena. The captain and the mates
of the Orion were delivered over to the United
States squadron, and sent home; and they are
now in Boston for trial. On her arrival at St.
Helena, fifty-two of the slaves had died. The
policy of this movement is obvious. If the cap-
tain of the Pluto had remained at the mouth of
the Congo, on the watch, the slaves would not
have been shipped. But it would have been a
dull business. There would have been no prize
money to get; there would have been no men
taken by the British, and carried to St. Helena,
to be made "voluntary laborers" out of, to be
sent to the British West India Islands; and if the
Americans had watched there, they would not
have got the prize money; they would not have
got twenty-five dollars a head. Deducting those
who died before reaching St. Helena, thei e would
be, under the bill of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, $81,900 prize money to the Amer-
ican crew for capturing that vessel; and then they
would have sent the Africans here, and it would
have cost us §100 a head to send themback again.
The whole of this is a poor business. The
money is badly spent. It is not managed with
the sagacity with which Yankees general'y con-
duct theiraffairs,andit is high time we should get
out of being self-cheated about this business. I
have been led to make these remarksfrom a strong
impression of the necessity of something being
done by mutual arrangement and mutual under-
standing between us and the British Government
on this subject. If they really will assist in a
course of policy arresting the trade and prevent-
ing slaves being shipped, instead of allowing them
to be shipped so that they may have the chance
to catch them and make laborers out of them on
the one hand, or so that our vessels may have a
chance to get prize-money, it will be a great deal
better. Just so long as the present policy goes
on, the African slave trade will go on, and a great
deal of it will escape detection, and we shall have
a great deal of expense to pay, and may put our-
selves down as having been self-deluded and self-
cheated in the whole transaction.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have been very
! much impressed by the remarks which have just
fallen from the honorable Senator from Vermont.
I think they are evincive of the fact that the pub-
lic mind is very unenlightened on the subject of
the slave trade, and will probably now, from re-
cent events, have some light thrown on it. I trust
it will result in examinations, inquiries, publica-
tions, which will show what has been the true
policy of the British Government on the subject
of the African slave trade. As long as the two
Governments are under treaty stipulation for the
suppression of this trade, as long as that obliga-
tion continues between the two Governments, 1
should be disposed to go earnestly with the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, m some way to
exact from Great Britain a fair and honest execu-
tion of the obligation on her pail: but we have
seen, I feel sure that I have seen, evidences on
the part of that Government which cannot he
mistaken, that all her professions about the ex-
tinguishment of the African slave trade, all her
professions of humanity, all her protestations
against the alleged atrocity of that trade, are ut-
terly hollow and insincere.
She adopted a policy of extinguishing slavery
