1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
if it is to be the understanding of gentlemen on the
other side of the House that because they lack
only three or four votes of an election, they arc
to take advantage of such a circumstance as has
been mentioned by the gentleman from Louisiana,
and not to carry out a principle of fair dealing be-
tween the parties,! desire, for my own guidance,
to know it: for, because,'although I have no desire
to forfeit my word to.any gentleman, yet I shall
most certainly appeal to those gentlemen to re-
lieve me from the predicament in which I have
been placed, notby my own desire, but for the ac-
commodation of these gentlemen. For although
I am not well, as everybody can see, as many
members know, and as my physician can certify;
though I come here at times with great personal
risk to myself; though I have to be brought here
in a carriage every day, and go away in a carriage
every day, I want to know if you propose to take
advantage of the circumstances alluded to by the
gentleman from Louisiana, whose colleague is
still ill, though able to be brought here, t want
to know it, because if I have to be brought here
in a litter, I will be here rather than allow advan-
tage to be taken of my absence.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me,
my objection is this: I know of no instance, and
I do not think an instance has occurred since I
have been in Congress, of gentlemen on one side
of the House rising, and asking the other side of
the House to'pair off their absentees. If gentle-
men choose to make agreements on personal ap-
plication, I have nothing to say; but I do object
to this legislative policy of one side of the House
insisting that the other side shall pair off its ab-
sentees.
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the other side of
the House to know from them what is to be their
policy. Mr. Laxdrum is incapacitated from being ;
here with safety to himself. Now, I have never 1
refused any gentleman the courtesy of pairing off
with him when the application has been made;
and if that courtesy is to bo refused in the case of
the gentleman from Louisiana, and advantage is
to be taken of his absence, I want to know it.
Mr. GROW. I make no objection to any gen-
tleman pairing off with Mr. Landrum. I repeat
that the only objection I have to make is, that one
side shall insist that the other shall pair off their
absentees. That is all I object to. If any gentle-
man chooses to pair off with Mr. Landuim, let
him do so.
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the other side of
the House: will any gentleman have the kindness
to pair off with Mr. Landrum for to-day ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I want to know what is the question
before the House.
Mr. BLAKE. I have no doubt there arc gen-
tlemen enough on this side of the House who will
pair off with the gentleman from Louisiana when
there is to be a vote taken.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I want this thing stated
fairly; we do not desire to pair oft" our absentees
on this side of the House, who cannot be brought
here. That is simply a mistake. My colleague
[Mr. Landrum] has been brought here, and can
be brought here again to-day if absolutely neces-
sarv, though at the risk of lus health, and it may
;,e of Ins liTo. He is, however, willing to submit
to be brought here, but his friends do not desire
that he should. Now, those who have served
here for four years, know that I have never re-
fused to pair off, notwithstanding during the in-
terval votes have been taken upon sectional ques-
tions important to the South. Yet, though I have
never, in a single instance, refused to take the
responsibility upon myself when any gentleman
has wished to pair, my colleague from Louisiana,
who is able to be brought here, if nccessary,
though at the risk of his health, is now denied
the same courtesy from the other side.
Mr. BLAKE." 1 will slate tu the gentleman for
myself, and foi my fuonds around m^, that we
arc willing to respond to that courtesy whenever
a vote is to be taken. When that time occurs,
you will find gentlemen enough to pair oil with
the gentleman from Louisiana.
Several Members on the Democrdlicir.de. That
is sufficient.
TIIE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question to be upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman,] to amend the Journal of the 9th in-
stant, upon which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to have some un-
derstanding as to whether the House is disposed
to vote on my motion. It seems to me that the
debate which has taken place since the motion
has been made has not been pertinent to the ques-
tion; and I should think the House would be will-
ing, at this time, to take a vote upon it. I am
very anxious myself to have it disposed of. It
seems to me that it will have to be disposed of at
some time or other, and I ask, therefore, that the
House will now take a vote upon my motion to
amend the Journal. Let us, at least, go that far.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand the gentleman
from Indiana is desirous to proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. HICKMAN. Of course I would not in-
terfere with the gentleman from Indiana; but I
do hope that when he shall have concluded his
remarks, the vote will be taken upon my motion.
The CLERK. The House will have to exer-
cise its own pleasure.
Mr. WINSLOW. Certainly. Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. The character of our Gov-
ernment, formed of a body of independent sover-
eignties, should determine the nature of the poli-
tical parties which spring up in our midst, and
inasmuch as the question of the political organi-
zation of this House i<? now before us, it may not
be inappropriate to recall very briefly some of
the characteristics of the great political parties
which now divide the country. The principles
which are cognizant by this body are purely of a
national character. The questions which in their
nature are local and domestic, are reserved ex-
clusively within the jurisdiction of the respective
States. It might, therefore, very naturally occur
that in the organization of political parties na-
tional questions would control. If there is one
characteristic of the Democratic party, from one
extreme of the Union to the other, it is, that_ its
organization is within the limits of the Constitu-
tion; that its measures and principles do not affect
the local policy of any particular State, or any
particular portion of the country, but that they
are those winch affect and control the interests of
j the entire nation.
I The leading principle of the Republican party,
! sir, is utterly at war with the genius and rlutr-
i acter of the institutions of our country. It has
| organized itself upon a measure which is not na-
j tional—upon a single solitary question, purely
I domestic; one of local, not of general concern, ft
! is certainly a source of infinite regret that there
! should exist in our midst a question which, while
it demands the public attention of the Noith, does,
in truth, interest only the people of another por-
tion of Che country.
It may not be inappropriate to discuss for a
moment the rise of that party whose acts and
I objects are purely sectional.
' 1 understand that all the territory which this
Government has ever possessed since the adop-
tion oftliepresoitConstitution, with the exception
: of that acquired from Mexico m 1848, has been
controlled by the legislation of Congress, without
; any refeienee whatever to the question of slavery,
i We possessed, prior to the establishment of the
' Missouri compromise line and the adoption of the
| Federal Constitution, the territory ceded by Vir-
I ginia to the Union, lying northwest of the Ohio
j river. We acquired the Louisiana territory, and
i that of Florida, and, by the act of certain States,
| the territory out of winch Tennessee, Alabama,
and Mississippi were formed. From the time when
: this Government was established, in 1789, up to the
' hour of the Missouri controversy, Congress never
| exercised the power of excluding slavery from
; one single, foot of territory of the United States
| It may be said, with great truth, that the unfortu-
nate difficulty which agitates the country, and
which has organized the political party which is
known as the Republican party, and which has
organized it with reference to a local and domestic
interest, took its rise m an unfortunate effort upon
the part of Congress to legislate in reference to a
local question—in the establishment of the com-
I promise actof 1820. 1 have before me some author-
i itics upon that proposition; and I rely with greater
j confidence on these authorities, because they are
i from those eminently qualified to judge. Mr.
Benton, in referring to the origin of the slavery
agitation, makes use of the following language:
a Slavery agitation took its rise daring this time, (1819 and
1820,) in the form of attempted restriction on the State of
Misbouii—a prohibition to hold slaves—to be placcd upon
her as a condition of her admission into the Union, and to
be binding on her afterwards. This agitation came from
the North and under a Fedeial lead, and soon swept both
parties into its vortex.
" For a while this formidable Missouri question threat-
ened the total overthrow of ail political parties upon prin-
ciple, and the substitution of geographical parties discrim-
inated by the slave line, and. of course, destroying the just
and piopcr action of the Federal Government, and eventu-
ally leading to a separation of the States. It was a Federal
movement, accruing to the benefit of that party, and at first
was ovci whelming, sweeping all the northern Democracy
into its current and giving the supremacy to their adver-
saries."
That such should have been the position of mat-
ters during the existence of the old Federal party,
is very natural. While the Democratic party has
always adhered to the proposition that Congress
possesses no power to legislate in reference to
questions not national, the Republican party has
claimcd a very extended power of legislation upon
the part of the General Government. Mr. Jeffer-
son, referring to this same subject, expressing
grave apprehensions as to the result of this as-
sumption of power by Congress, says:
I have been among the most sanguine in believing that
our Union would be of long duration. I now doubt it much,
and see the event at no great distance, and the direct con-
sequence of this question. Not by the line which had heen
so confidently countcd on—the laws of nature control this—
but by the Potomac, Ohio and Missouri; or, more probably,
by the Mississippi, upwards to our northern boundary. My
only comfort and consolation is, that I shall not live to see
it; and I envy not the present gcncrationthegloryofthroxv-
ing away the fimts oi their fathers' sacrifices of life and
foitune, and of tendering desperate the experiment which
was to decide ultimately whether man i3 capablc of self-
government. This treason against human hope will signalize
their epoch m future histoiyaa the counterpart of the medal
ot then picilecci.-soi-s.'"' — Letter to Mr- S/iojt, April 13, 1820.
I regard the establishment of the Missouri com-
promise hue as not simply an unwise measure of
legislative policy; not only as being without the
direct authority of the Constitution; but as clearly
in conflict with the third section of the treaty be-
tween this Government and France, by which
Louisiana Territory was ceded to this Govern-
ment; and, sir, when this question was under dis-
cussion, when the State of Arkansas applied for
admission into the Union, in 1836, the question
naturally sprung up, whether Arkansas wus_ enti-
tled to come into this Confederacy as a slave State,
cither by virtue of the compromise of 1S20, or by
virtue of her right resulting from the treaty be-
tween this Government and France. 1 find that
at that time the celebrated John duincy Adams,
then a member of this House, and who, though
hostile to the institution of slavery, was known to
be a man of indexible justice, speaking of the right
of Arkansas to come into the Union with a con-
stitution establishing slavery, by virtue of the
third article of ilia treaty with France, said:
" It is wiitteu in the bond, [the French treaty,] and how-
ever I may lament that it was so written, I must faithfully
perioim its obligations."
And I find that in that same body, when it had
been urged that Arkansas was entitled to be ad-
mitted into the Union under the Missouri com-
promise, either with or without slavery, as the
people might determine, Mr. Cushing, a member
from Massachusetts, made use of the following
language with reference to that compromise:
" She [the State of Massachusetts] never directly or
indirectly absented to it. Most of her Representatives in
Congress voted asam&t it. Those of her Representatives
who, legardmg that compioimse in the hgiit of an act of
concihatiommportant to the genoial interests of the Union,
voted for it, weie disavowed and denounced at home, and
were stigmatized even hare by a southern member as over
compliant towards the exactions of the South "
And yet, sir, although Massachusetts not only
did not regard this measure bs one of conciliation,
and was not willing to support her members who
voted for it, when that Missouri line was about
to be repealed by the Congress of 1854, at least
one of the Senators of that State signed a circular
denouncing the Kansas-Nebraska bill as a viola-
tion of a sacred compact between the North and
the South.
But again, the compromises of 1850 have been
referred to on this floor by th^ gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman*.,] in a speech which,
while it possessed great merit as an intellectual
effort, was still subject to many grave and serious
objections; and in that reference he does a palpa-
ble and manifest injustice to the southern States
