1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in her colonies. She has never frankly admitted
• before the world what the consequences of that
policy have been—the destruction of her colo-
nies—but she has endeavored surreptitiously,
clandestinely, and treacherously, to supply a suf-
ficient labor by equivocation and indirection. I
do not know whether Senators remember, what
impressed me very strongly at the time, a very
remarkable colloquy that took place in one or the
other House of Parliament, I have forgotten
which, some two or three years ago, about the
time when the Emperor of Fiance instituted his
policy of bringing under a decree of the French
Government ten thousand alleged African'appren-
tices to the French colonies. We all knew, be-
cause wc all saw and understood, what was the
Surposc on the part of the French Government.
"nder a pretext of bringing voluntary labor, to
be obtained from Africa, as an experiment in the
French colonies, it was nothing in the world but
with a knowledge, with the scienter, on the part
of that Government, that it was an importation
of ten thousand Africans to be used there really
and truly as slaves. What was the action of the
British Government? I think the dispatches were
published; such is my impression. I know that
1 read them myself. A dispatch was received
from the late minister of the United States in
France, addressed to the State Department here,
giving to the Secretary of State the substance of
a conversation which he had held a day or two
before with Count Walcwski, then the French
Minister for Foreign Affairs, in which the Amer-
ican minister asked the French minister whether
it was true, as reported, that a communication
had taken place between the French ministerand
the English Government on the subject of this
importation of ten thousand Africans to the
French colonies. The communication that had
got abroad, to which the American minister was
alluding, was a conversation alleged to have taken
place between Lord Cowley, the British embas-
sador in France, and Count Walcwski, the Min-
ister of Foreign Affairs, m which Lord Cowley
had been instructed by his Government to repre-
sent to the French Government the impressions
of Great Britain that this importation of Africans
to the French colonies was a substantial violation
of treaty engagements between the two countries.
The representation was made to the French Gov-
ernment by Lord Cowley that her Majesty's
Government looked upon it as an evasion of the
treaty; that the idea, so justly and strikingly ex-
posed by the Senator from Vermont, of getting
.voluntary labor in Africa, of inducing those Af-
ricans, in their present state of savageism, to
understand anything in relation to contiacts or
voluntary engagement on their part, was an idle
pretense. Great Britain, so viewing it, repre-
sented to the French Government that her Maj-
esty's Government was obliged to consider that
scheme on the part of the French Government as
an evasion of treaty stipulations. That was the
substance of the conversation. I can only give
my recollection. According to my recollection,
the communication was not made until the enter-
prise lmd been effective and the whole ten thou-
sand Afiicans had been transported to the French
colonics. Now mark the answer of the French
minister to this remonstrance on the part of Great
Britain. The answer given by the French Gov-
ernment to Great Britain was, with something of
contempt, that the mouth of Great Britain was
closed until she could explain to France and to
the world her participation in the cooly trade. It
was said, in the rumor of the day, upon which
the American minister was acting, that the Brit-
ish Government proceeded no further; made no
further demands. I read the dispatch. A part
of it was that the American minister said to the
Secretary of State that he considered the conver-
sation one of such great interest that he asked
Count Walcwski whether he was at liberty to
communicate it to his Government; and Count
Walcwski told him he was at entire liberty to
communicate it; and that if he desired it, he (Wa-
lewski) would put it in writing, and he could
send it in that form. It was done, and it is now
in the Department of State. This was some two
years ago.
That was the conduct of Great Britain in her
pretended remonstrance with France upon the
subject of this voluntary apprenticeship of the
Africans, There it began, and there it ended;
and the cooly trade—the character of which we
know is certainly as bad, if not infinitely worse,
than any of the cruelties ascribed to the African
slave trade—goes on under the British flag, and
without British prohibition. The mouth of Eng-
land was stopped; and she has said nothing more
to France, so tar as I am informed, on that subject.
But, sir, that is not all. There was incidental
but conclusive proof that England felt herself
rebuked, was unable to answer; and I observed,
some months after that, that the question was put
in one House or the other of the British Parlia-
ment byamember to the foreign minister, calling
his attention to these disclosures that had been
made in Paris by the American minister, and
asking him if it was true; and the reply of the
British minister in the House of Parliament was
of that diplomatic character which showed that it
was the policy of Great Britain to let the subject
pass by; to have no further inquiry into it. The
answer was this, in substance: the British min-
ister, on being inquired of, said that he remem-
bered to have seen publications of that sort quoted
from the American papers, but his attention had
not been particularly called to it; and that he
had taken for granted at the time that there was
some mistake; that the American minister had not
rightly interpreted the transaction; and there he
ended, although it came in the substantial form of
a communication in writing, communicating the
substance of the conversation which the American
minister had reported.
Now, sir, I feel warranted by that state of facts
in saying that the extraordinary pretension of
the Government of Great Britain, which she has
caused to ring through the world, of being the
great leader in the suppression of the slave trade,
is hypocritical, false, and hollow; and whether it
be a wise or unwise, a humane or inhuman pol-
icy, to prevent the deportation of Africans into
slavery, on that question Great Britain stands at
this day disloyal to her race and disloyal to her
age. That is the real fact.
That being as I should consider the real posi-
tion of Great Britain on this question, I should
despair of any attempt that the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont might make, if earned into ef-
fect by this Government; I should despair of any
true, just, and honest execution on the part of
Great Britain of any treaty stipulation that she
would make with us upon the subject of the slave
trade, and why? Because her interests and her
policy are at war, and her policy will not permit
her to disclose the fact of that antagonist position
between them, and she pursues the one while pro-
fessing the other.
So far as we are concerned, sir, upon the sub-
ject, I should have been gratified to find in the
remarks that have fallen from that Senator, a con-
currence, to some extent, at least, with the opin-
ions I expressed when the Senate was last in ses-
sion with regard to the legislation it may become
us now to take in reference to this subject. I said
then—and I think the honorable Senator, to that
extent, concurs with me—that the new phase this
trade has assumed within the last few months
devolves it upon this Government, in any addi-
tional legislation which may be thought neces-
sary to suppress it, to go into it cautiously and
sagaciously, after having probed the way for free
information. We have had four importations;
we have had four slave ships captured on the coast
of Cuba within the last twelve months; one that
was brought into Charleston, and three others to
Key West, the last very recently; all captured by
American cruisers off the coast of Cuba and Porto
Rico, the only islands that I know of where the
slave trade now is permitted. Those four ships
were captured by American cruiscrs, and 1 have
not heard of a single ship that has been captured ,
there by a British cruiser. What their fleet may
be there now, I do not know: but wc do know
that such was the extraordinary zeal of that Gov- ,
ernment some eighteen months or two years ago
in the alleged effoit to prevent the slaves being
landed upon those islands, that it was very near
bnnging'abciut a rupture between the two Gov-
ernments on account of British interference with
our merchantships and vessels that were passing
along even on our own coast. There was then
apparently a superserviceable zeal.- What the
condition of that squadron is now, I do not know;
but the fact remains, that within the last twelve
months, so far as I am informed, the only cap-
tures-that have been made there have been made
by American cruisers.
I think, Mr. President, we shall find, and find
very speedily, that it wilt be the true policy of
this Government, and it will be the proper course
j of conduct on the part of this Government, to
cancel, as we are authorized to do, all treaty
obligations with Great Britain on this subject;
and that whatever may remain to be done on our
part shall be done by us separately; and then we
can see where Great Britain leally stands upon
the subject of the African slave trade. I can very
well understand that, if she were to address are-
monstrance to Spain against the habit which
seems to prevail in Cuba of collusion or winking
at the evasion of the law there, Spain would give
to hcr_very much the answer that Count Wal-
ewski gave to Lord Cowley. I remember very
well, as I dare say other Senators do, looking into
some representations that were made on the sub-
ject of the suppression of the slave trade on the
coast of Africa within the last few years. We
found this state of things existing: the British
vessels there would seize an American vessel,
under the American flag, and would induce the
captain to throw his flag overboard and destroy
his papers in order that he might denationalize
his ship, and thus enable Great Britain to take
possession of her without interfering with the
rights or the sovereignty of the United States. I
remember many such instances were reported, it
being- represented to the captain of the vessel:
" it is far better that you should fall into the hands
of the British than your own countrymen; be-
cause if you fall into our hands nothing will be
done but to confiscate your ship, and if you fall
into the hands of your own coiwitrymen you will
be treated at pirates." There were many instances
shown, where, on these remonstrances, American
ships, under the American flag, had denational-
ized themselves by throwing overboard their
papers and their colors that they might fall a prey
to the British cruisers.
I return thanks to the honorable Senator from
Vermont for the views that he has expressed on
this subject, and the avenues of in formation which
he promises to open to us upon it. 1 think it will
show before the world the true rePation in which
that great humanitarian, the Government of Eng-
land, stands nowupon this question.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is not my
intention to consume the precious moments of the
Senate in vindication of the policy of England
concerning the slave trade, questioned by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer;] nor in justi-
fication of her action,arraigned so fiercely by the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] It may be
that Great Britain, instead of being actuated, in
her policy concerning recaptured Africans, by hu-
mane and Christian sentiments, is ac.uatcd, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont, by a cold,
calculating, and sordid selfishness concerning her
colonial labor. It may be that Great Britain, in
relation to the suppression of the African slave
trade, is what the Senator from Vitginia so em-
phatically pronounces her to be—false and hy-
pocritical ; recreant to herself and to the age. Yes,
sir, upon this great question of the suppression of
the African slave trade Great Britain may be ac-
tuated by a policy of inhumanity and selfishness.
She may be, in her pretensions and her actions,
false and hypocritical. She may be recreant to
herself and her age. All this, ay, and more, she
maybe; butitisnotforusin Ameiica to arraign her
before the bar of nations, and accuse her of those
crimes and misdemeanors, and invoke upon her
the public opinion of outraged Christendom, in-
stead of summoning Great Britain before the tri-
bunal of the public opinion of the civilized world
to plead against the accusing voice of the children
of Africa, our own accusing consciences arraign
us of America before that same dread tribunal,
from whose verdict there lies no appeal. The
blood of the perishing children of Africa is upon
our hands. American capital and ships and men,
on land and sea, art: engaged in that horrid traffic.
Our laws arc violated; our flag is prostituted; our
name is dishonored, and our fame tarmshed;and
we, the Government and people of the United
States, stand before the civilized, world, and before
God, self-accused, self-convicted, and self-con-
demned. RaihngaccusationsagamstEngland will
not silence the agonizing moans of dying men,
floating upon the seas in stifling American slavers;
