1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The House
makes it own rules. It has the right and power
under the Constitution to do so.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to know of the gentle-
man from Maine what he intends to do with that
provision ofthe Constitution which gives to "each
House" the right to make its own rules of pro-
cedure; not that one House shall have a right to
make rules for the next -House, but that each
House shall have a right to make its own rules ?
I would like to know what he intends to do with
that provision of the Constitution ?
Mr. GROW. This amendment does not so
provide. It does not control the action of any
succeeding House in making its rules. They can
make them when they please; but until they do
make rules, these will stand just as Jefferson's
Manual is now regarded, as the authority until
rules are adopted which interfere with it. The
amendment only provides that these shall con-
tinue in force until the next House chooses to
change them.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman does not an-
swer my question. My question is, what this
House has got to do with making rules for the
next House ?
Mr. GROW. That is just what I am trying to
answer.
Mr. NOELL. How can you make rulbs that
will apply to the action of the House not now in
existence ?
Mr. GROW. We do not make rules for the
next House. We only provide that these rules
shall continue in force until the next House chooses
to change them; and, if they choose to sit during
the whole session without altering them, then they
adopt them as their rules by their own action.
The House of Representatives continues under
the Constitution, without interregnum, just as
much as the Senate. This idea that there is a pe-
riod of time when there is no Congress, under our
Constitution, goes on the supposition that there
is a period of time when there is no Government.
There is a Congress in existence, under the Con-
stitution, all the time; and when the House meets
here, the Constitution says they shall select their
Speaker. If you Have not a House, how are you
going to elect a Speaker ? They nrcjustas much
a House of Representatives, under the Constitu-
tion, the day they meet, as they are after they have
elected a Speaker; they are not organized under
the forms they choose to adopt; that is all. Up
to the time wlien they choose to adopt rules, by
their acquiescence in these they will make them
their own rules, so that they will not be left at any
time without rules.
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine, called for tellers
on the amendment.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-eight; a further count not being
demanded.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. Do I understand that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Maine
has been adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. BURNETT. Will it be in order to move
to reconsidor the vote by which it was adopted?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. A motion to
reconsider is not in order ill the committee; but
the gentleman can have the yeas and nays upon
the amendment in the House.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, I think, if the gen-
tleman from Maine wants to pass these rules in
the House, he had better withdraw that amend-
ment.
Mr. BOCOCK, I have one or two amend-
ments which I wish to propose; they relate to
mere matters of form, and I presume there will
be no objection to them. The first amendment I
shall propose is to the 69th rule, which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms shall be, for uveiy
arrest, the sum of two dollars; for each day's custody anil
reieasement, one dollar; and for traveling expenses for
himself or a special messenger, going and returning, one
tenth of a dollar per mile."
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to amend by adding
to the end of that rule as follows;
For eaeli mile necessarily and actually traveled by such
officer or other person in the execution of such precept or
fcummons.
There is a law which provides what shall be the
fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms; and this is merely
to make the rules of the House conform to that
law, and for the purpose of having it before us,
so that we may always understand how they are
to be computed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have another amendment
which I propose to offer to the 79th rule, which I
now ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" It shall also he the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means, within thirty days after their appointment, at every
session of Congress commencing on the first Monday of
December, to report the general appropriation bills—for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government; for the
Army ; for the Navy; and for the Indian department and
Indian annuities—or, ill failure thereof, the reasons of such
failure."
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to amend that rule by
striking out all after " appropriation bills,"in the
fourth line, to and including the word " annui-
ties," in the seventh line, and inserting in lieu
thereof:
For legislative, executive, and judicial expenses; for sun-
dry civil expenses; for consular and diplomatic expenses ;
for the Army; for the Navy; for the expenses of the In-
dian department; for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions ; for the support of the Military Academy; for forti-
fications ; for the service of the Pobt Office Department,
and for mail transportation by ocean steamers.
The object of the amendment is merely to adapt
our rules to the designations which have been
given to the regular appropriation bills, and which
have been changed since that rule was adopted.
Within the last two Congresses, gentlemen who
have been here will remember that we have di-
vided one of the appropriation bills, known as
the civil and diplomatic bill, into three several
bills, calling them by differentnames; and the ob-
ject of this amendment is merely to designate the
bills by the titles which are now given them. It
makes no other change.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia whether itwould notbe well
to add to his amendment a provision giving the
Committee of Ways and Means the right to report
these general appropriation bills and revenue bills
at any time ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I refer to appropriation bills;
and I am willing to modify my amendment so as
to give the Committee of Ways and Means leave
to report at any time. My amendment refers
only to appropriation bills; and if the gentleman
wishes, 1 will add at the end of it, " and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall have the right
to report these bills at any time."
Mr. SHERMAN. " These bills and revenue
bills."
Mr. BOCOCK. That would give rise to debate
here certainly, before the committee would con-
sent to adopt it; and I do not care to incumber
my amendment with it. Unless the gentleman
wishes me to modify it, as I have suggested, I
will allow my amendment to stand as I originally
offered it.
Mr SHERMAN. It is a matter of no import-
ance to me, that you should give the Committee
of Ways and Means the right to report appro-
priation bills at any time, unless you include also
revenue bills; because it is useless to report bills
making appropriations of money unless we are
allowed also to report bills to provide for raising
that money. Unless the amendment is put in
that shape, I see no use in Us adoption.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman wishes that
the Committee of Ways and Means shall have
the right to report at any time a tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. For reference only.
Mr. NOELL. Do I understand the gentleman
to mean that an appropriation bill is to be at the
same time conncctcd with a tariff bill as a matter
of necessity >
Mr. SHERMAN. An appropriation is not
necessarily a tariff bill, certainly.
Mr. NOELL. Do you mean that revenue bills
necessarily include appropriation bills?
Mr. SHERMAN. Revenue bills are necessary
if appropriation bills are to be passed. I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia by inserting " and revenue bills."
Mr. BOCOCK. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw that motion. I say to the gen-
tleman that the Committee of Ways and Means
will have very little difficulty in reporting any
tariff bill that they shall agree upon. It is very
easy to bring such a bill before the House, and to
give a bill of that description this peculiar privi-
lege "will do no good. It will certainly create dis-
cussion, and perhaps preclude the adoption of this
amendment altogether.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know whether I un-
derstand the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia. Is it simply to specify in the 79th rule
such appropriation bills as have been created since
that rule was originally adopted.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is all. It is simply to
define the appropriation bills as they are defined
in the practice of the House.
Mr. GROW. I see no objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not press my amend-
ment upon that of the gentleman from Virginia
at this time, if he wishes me to withdraw it.
Mr. Bocock's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. Chairman, I will
offer, in connection with the amendment which
has just been adopted, the following addition:
That the Committee of Ways and Means have leave to
report general appropriation bills and revenue bills, tor
reference merely, at any time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand this amend-
ment is to include a tariff bill with the appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. It simply authorizes the
Committee of Ways and Means to report them
for reference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe the first branch of
this amendment oughtto be adopted; but the latter
branch of it is certainly wrong, and ought not to
be adopted. It is not one session in ten that any-
thing-like a modification, or change in the rates
of duties to be levied on imports is proposed. It
is very seldom that you will want to exercise the
power; and without this privilege, whenever you
want to report a tariff bill, there will be no diffi-
culty in getting any bill that the Committee of
Ways and Means shall have agreed on before the
House; especially under the regulations contained
in one of the changes which we have made to-day,
by which all business unacted upon at the close
of one session resumes its place at the beginning
of the next session of the same Congress, as if no
recess had taken place. Under that rule, if a bill
is introduced at any time during the first session
of a Congress, it may be reached and acted upon
in its order at any time before the close of the last
session.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do notknow to what this
amendment is to be attached. I understood the
Chair to decide yesterday that the rules of the
House were not before the committee. If that be
true, the rule to which this has reference is not
before us, and, as a matter of course, this amend-
ment cannot be in order. If the Chairman de-
cides in this regard as he did yesterday, then I
make the point of order that this amendment can-
not be received, because there is nothing under
consideration to which it can attach.
Mr. GROW, The amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bococii,] just adopted, is
the matter to which, I suppose, this amendment
attaches
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment has been
adopted, and is not before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands the
amendment of the gentleman fronfOhio to be of-
fered as an additional rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand that it
can be offered as such under the ruling of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
report of the special committee to be the matter
before us, and that it is competent for this com-
mittee to make additions to that report.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then that brings all the rules
of the House practically before the committee.
Now, sir, I do not understand that there is an
absolute necessity even for the first branch of this
amendment. The 79th rule, I believe it is, makes
it the duty of the Committee of Ways and Means
to report the general appropriation bills; and, as I
understand it, gives the committee the right to re-
port them at any time. But under the decision of
the Chair yesterday, the rules of the House are
not before this committee; and I submit that this
amendment—which, if adopted at all, should be
attached to the 79th rule—cannot be properly re-
ceived. It is the same, in fact, if received, as an
additional rule; as if the 79th rule were before us,
and it was offered as an amendment to that.
Mr. OLIN I think the gentleman from Ala-
