1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be ma is mistaken in reference to the ruling of tlie
Choir. I remember that I attempted to offer an
amendment to the 24th rule, which had not been
referred to in the report of the committee. I was
told then that these amendments were before the
committee; and the gentleman upon my left raised
the point of order that it was not then m order for
me to propose my amendment, but that it would
be when the amendments of the committee on the
revision of the rules had been gone through with.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is wholly
mistaken, for the point of order was made upon
me, '
Mr. OLTN. I am not mistaken.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point of order was made
upon me. It may also have been made upon the
gentleman. The Chair will remember that I pre-
sented the direct and positive point for the decis-
ion of the Chair. I put the question whether the
■rules of the House were not before this commit-
tee so that we eeuld propose amendments to them.
The Chair decided that the rules were not before
the committee, and that it was not within my
power to propose an amendment to any rule which
the report of the committee did not bring before
this Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not want to discuss
this question, and, in order to save the time of the
committee, 1 withdraw my amendment and move
to add to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr.Bocock,] these words: "andbiils
for raising revenue, for reference." That will
make the amendment include all we design to pro-
vide for.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state how
he understands this question of order. The gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Hou.ston] yesterday
made the point that an amendment to an amend-
ment to an amendment of the committee on the
revision of the rules was an amendment in the
third degree, and therefore not in order. He con-
sidered that the rules of the House were the text.
The Chair held that the report of the commit-
tee was in the same manner to be considered as
amendments of the Senate to a House bill; that
it was the text, and that it was in order to move
to that report amendments in the second degree.
This select committee was raised for the pur-
pose of examining, revising, and reporting amend-
ments to the rules of the House. They have re-
ported thirty-eight amendments. As those amend-
ments were being passed upon, the question was
made as to whether it was in order to interpose
an amendment to one of the rules which the com-
mittee had not proposed to amend. The Chair
decided that it was not in order to act upon other
amendments to the rules until the amendments of
the committee were disposed of; and that then,
when the amendments reported by the committee
were acted upon, it would be in order to move ad-
ditional amendments to the rules. Therefore the
Chair now holds that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is in order, as an addition to
the amendments of the rules reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Chairman, I regret very
much that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] has thought it incumbent upon him to sub-
mit this amendment. The committee on the re-
vision of the rules, as the Chair has just stated,
came forward with thirty-six or thirty-seven
amendments to the rules. Those amendments,
taking everything into consideration, have been
received here with a remarkable degree of favor.
My honorable colleague from the Norfolk district,
[Mr. Millson,] who had his attention directed to
this subject during the last Congress, and who
was a member of the special committee on the
rules of the last Congress, did us the credit to say
that he had examined our amendments thorough-
ly, and was of the belief that every single one of
them would work advantageous reform in the
rules as they now stand. We had progressed in
our action entirely through them. They would
hare gone through the House; and 1 think that
they would have been received by the country—
at least by those who attend to such subjects—
with a grtTat deal of favor. I am sure that they
would have facilitated the business of the House.
The state of mind in which the action of this
committee upon the amendments had left the mem-
bers of the House was a pleasant and agreeable
one. But the gentleman from Ohio now comes
forward with a proposition that he must know is
12X8
one which will excite a great deal of opposition ;
one which will be received with a great deal of
disfavor, because it is a proposition to give preced-
ence to party legislation. °
I tell gentlemen upon the other side that if they
want some change of the tariff, they will have op-
portunity«to bring forward any bill for that pur-
pose upon which the Committee of Ways and
Means may agree. There will be no difficulty, I
think, in that particular. Sooner or later the com-
mittee will get an opportunity to bring it into the
House.
Gentlemen ask me why, then, not allow this
amendment to pass? What, I am asked, is the
difference between a revenue measure and an ap-
propriation bill ? I will tell gentlemen. There
is a difference between them as clear as sunlight
and as broad as truth from error. Why let the
Committee of Ways and Means report the ap-
propriation bills at any time ? Every appropri-
ation bill lasts for only a certain fixed time. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] reports a
bill for the fiscal year ending 30th of Juno, 1861.
Unless there is additional legislation at the time
named that appropriation bill will exhaust itself,
and the executive officers will then be without
money to carry on the operations of the Govern-
ment. It is necessary, therefore, at stated peri-
ods, to bring in appropriation bills for the pur-
pose of executing the laws and carrying on the
functions of the Government. It is necessary that
they should be brought forward early in the
session and put through in time.
How is it with a revenue bill? A revenue bill
when passed into law stands upon the statute-
book until it is repealed. It does not expire, like
an appropriation bill, upon the 30th of June;
therefore it is that I state that appropriation bills
and revenue bills do not occupy the same posi-
tion. One of them is as much independent legis-
lation as anything that can be brought before this
House. And, sir, there is no good reason for al-
lowing the Committee of Ways and Means to
give precedence to a tariff bill which would not
equally apply in favor of allowing the Committee
on Commerce to report a river and harbor hill, or
of allowing the Committee on Public Lands to
report a homestead bill. I say that the amend-
ment is wrong and ought not to be adopted; for
we certainly, in the state of affairs now existing,
ought not to have a rule permanently established
which is meant to give precedence to a party
measure at this time. I say that there is no need
for it. A revenue bill stands upon a totally dif-
ferent ground from appropriation bills. Revenue
bills remain upon the statute-book until repealed,
whereas appropriation bills exhaust themselves
at the end of the fiscal year for which they are
passed. I trust that the amendment will be re-
jected.
Mr. CAMPBELL took the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order. I
want to know the precise condition of this amend-
ment, and what is the Chair's decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the amendment is in order as an addition to
the report of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. That it is in order as an
amendment to the repert of the committee winch
has been adopted, and which it is now within the
power of this committee to alter ?
The CHAIRMAN. The reportof the commit-
tee on the revision of the rules was acted upon,
one amendment after the other, and the Chair
thinks that it is in order now to move additional
amendments to that report.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the point I make.
I differ with the Chair in respect to what occurred
between him and myself yesterday. I have been
looking for the decision of the Chair, but have
been unable to find it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It has been decided, and
is not now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a
right to take an appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood, yesterday,
that the Chair decided that the rules were not be-
fore the committee. 1 make the point that, the
report of the committee on the revision of the
rules having been agreed to, theie is nothing left
for this commiWee to add to. The report has
been agreed to; it has been acted on, and not aline
and not a word of it can be touched by us. We
cannot iti this committee change a sentence of it;
we cannot take from it or add to it, for it has
passed from us and is out of our jurisdiction,
kJlY111,? "eon agreed to by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Now, sir, I make the point of order, that that
being true, such an amendment is not in .order
now; and more especially is it not in order, un-
less it come in the shape of a distinct and in<3e-
pendent section, as it were, of a bill. And even
that, by some of the best presiding officers of this
House, has been overruled. And in this case,
where you are acting upon a set of rules, upon a
matter which your special committee have pre-
sented to you for your action, your authority
over it ceases whenever you have acted upon the
last part of the subject-mattey in the report.
The CHAIRMAN. The report of the com-
mittee is not yet disposed of. There is yet a res-
olution in the report of the committee to be acted
upon, and therefore the report, of the committee
has not passed from our consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there a part of the report
yet to be acted upon ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is. The resolution
still remains unacted upon; the report of the com-
mittee is not yet disposed of; and the Chair will
state further that, acting upon the construction
now placed upon it, he advised gentlemen yes-
terday that their amendments would be in order
when we had gone through with the amendments
reported by the committee; and he will adhere to
that decision until overruled.
Mr. HOUSTON. If this amendment is ger-
mane to the remaining portion of the report yet
to be acted upon, then it is clearly in order; if
not, then it stands as I have stated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
everything is germane that relates to the rules of
the House. But the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] cannot be attached to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock,] because the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia lias been adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the reading of the
amendment offered by Mr. Bocock, which had
been adopted; and it was accordingly read, as
follows:
Stiike out of rule T9 the words "for the civil and diplo-
matic expends of tlie Government; for the Army; for the
Navy; and lor the Indian department and Indian annui-
ties." and insert in lieu thereof:
For legislative, executive, awl judicial expenses; for sun-
dry civil expenses; for consular and diplomatic expenses;
lbrthoAnny; for the Navy; i'ortheexpensesofthe Indian
department; lor the paymcntofmvalidaiidulber pensions;
for the siippoit of the Military Academy; for fortifications
forthe scrviceofthe Post Office Department; and formail
transportation by ocean steamers.
Mr. GROW. Will the Clerk read the rule as
it will stand if amended in thy way proposed ?
The rule was then read,as follows:
It shall also be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Moans, within thirty days after their appointment, at any
session of Congress, commencing on the first Monday of
December, to report the general appiopuatiou hills—for le-
gislative, executive, and judicial expenses; for sundry civil
expenses; for consular and diplomatic cxpen<e>; forthe
Armv; for the Navy; forthe expenses of the Indian depart-
ment; foi the payment of invalid and other pensions ; for
the support of the Military Academy; for fortifications; for
the sciviee of the Post Office Department; and for mail
transportation by ocean steamers—or, in failuie theieor
the reasons of such iailure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What is the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman?]
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Add io the amendment already adopted :
And that said committee shall have leave to report said
bills and bills for raising revenue, for refcrcncc only, at
any tune.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] docs not ob-
ject to the first clause of that amendment.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not object to anything- in
the amendment, except the words u ana bills for
raising revenue."
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing that those
words should be stricken out, and that the ques-
tion be taken upon the amendment so modified.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Sherman, as modified; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. OLXN". I propose to offer an amendment
