THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
ThirtytSixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1859.
New Series.,...No. 13.
other act of his life, for that proclamation made
to the people of one of the southern States which
had enacted an ordinance which was regarded as
hostile to the Union. If his reputation depended
upon no other act of his life than this, it would
alone place his among
" The immortal names that were not born to die."
In speaking on this subject, he said:
" It [the Federal Government] is a Government i n which
all the people are represented; which operates directly on
the people individually, not upon the States; theyietam
all the power they did not grant. But each State having
expressly parted with so manypoweis as to constitute,
jointly with tne other States, a single nation, cannot, from
that period, possess any right to secede, because such se-
cession does not break a league, but destioys the unity oi
a nation, and an injury to that unity is not only a breach
which would result from the contravention of a compact,
but it is an offense against the whole Union."
These, sir, are the sentiments of Andrew Jack-
son, as announced to the American people in 1832;
and, in the same connection, the same great states-
man, in an appeal well calculated to arouse the
loftiest patriotism, said:
" There is j et time tp show that the descendants of the
PinckneySjthe Sumters,thc Kutledges/Tuid of the thousand
othei names which adorn Use page^ of your revolutionary
histoiy, will not abandon that Union, to support which so
many of them fought and bled and died, i adjure you, as
you honor their memory; as you love the cause or' free-
dom, to which they dedicated their live**; a<? jou prize I he
peace of your eountiy, the lives of its best citizens, and
youi own iair fame—to retrace your step^. Snatch from
the aichivcs of your St.ue the disoigum/.ing edict of its con-
vention; bid its members to leasMmible. and promulgate
the decided expression of youi will to leinain m the path
which alone can conduct vou to ety, pio^pi-nty, and
honor; tell them that compared to disunion all other evils
are light, because that bungs an accumulation oi all; de-
clare that you will never take tiie field unices the star-
spangled banner of } our country hhall float over you ; that
you will not be stigmatized when dead, and dishonored
and scorned while >ou live, as the authois ot' the liist at-
tack on the Constitution of your country.*'
But, sir, the other great patriot who is to be
placed first m the roll of distinguished statesmen,
not only in this, bat in all other lands, in his Fare-
well Address to the Amencan people, thus speaks
of the relation of the people to the Um< n:
"This Government, the offspring of your c.io.ee, unin-
fluenced and uruwed, adopted upou lull inve ...Mtion and
matuie dehbeiation, completely tree in it^ .uciplc^,, in
the distubution oi its poweis uniting seeuun \ 'ill energy,
and containing withm itseit a pioviMou 101 <.\vu amend-
ment, has a just claim to youi confidence and wurtuppoit.
Itespeet for its authority, compliance with it- Uws, acqui-
escence in its measures, are duties enjoined by the funda-
mental maxims of true hbeity. The basis o. our political
system is the light of the people to make «■ id alter their
constitutions of government. I ut the Constitution which
at any time exist-*, until changed by the < \oueit and au-
thentic act of the whole people, is sacred!  obligatory upon
all. The veiy ideaot the power and the ul-mi of the people
to establish government, piesuppo-.ts the duly ol eveiy in-
dividual to obey the established govvri;iu til."
There can be no dismembervm mi of this Repub-
lic except by the explicit act of those who created
it—the people of the whole T'mloii.
But something was said \ ewterday about the
higher-law doctrine—a d<< time the most mis-
chievous—which has been <a{ v->< aU*d tn some por-
tions of this Confederacy, [hit it seems to me
■that this doctrine of secoi-xior ls of the same char-
acter. It has no warrant m fhe Constitution; it
does not spring out of any a<-t of Congress; it does
not result from any comptu i, and if the right is
asserted, it is asserted as a doctrine higher than
•any human enactment. On looking into the his-
tory of this subject of secession, 1 find that it
sprung up in the same portion of the country in
which the other higher-law doctrine sprung. Mr.
Benton says:
•"The doctrine of secession—the right of a State oi a com-
bination of State-* to withdraw from the Union—was boin
of that war—[that of It [the war J wa, repugnant to
the New England States, and opposed by them ; not with
aims, bntwith arguments and remonstiance and lefusal to
vote supplies. They had a convention, lamous under the
name of Hartfoid, to which the design of secession was
imputed.
At the time of its first appearance the right of sece.-sson
was repulsed and u-pudiated by the Democracy geneially,
and m a large degiec by the JTodeial paity; the dirfeienee
between a union and a league being better understood at
that time, when so many of the fathers or the new Govern-
ment wcie t-till alive. The leading language m respect to
it south of the Potomac was, that no State had a right to
withdraw fiom the Union; that it required the same power
to dissolve as to form the Union; and that any attempt to
dissolve it, or to obstruct the action of constitutional laws,
was treason."
In this same connection I desire to incorporate
into the few remarks I am uttering, the views of
one of the ripest scholars and purest statesmen
which this or any other land has produced—Mr.
Grimke, one of the most distinguished sons of
South Carolina. This language was used in an
address on the duties of the American orator. It
is as follows:
" One theme of duty still remains, and I have placed it
alone because of its peculiar dignity, saoredness, and im-
portance. Need I tell you that I speak of the Union of the
States? Let the American orator dischaige all othei duties
but this, if indeed it be not impossible, with the eneigy and
eloquence of John Rutledge, and the disinleiested fidelity
of Robert Morris, yet he shall be accounted n traitor if he
attempt to dissolve the Union. Ifis name, illustiiousas it
may have been, shall then be gibbeted on every hill-top
throughout the land, a monument of Jus ciime and punish-
ment and of the shame and giief of his country."
But, sir, in the midst of these discordant ele-
ments, while the South may have just ground to
complain that in the North a sectional organiza-
tion has been formed to make war upon one of
their domestic institutions, while we are passing
through vicissitudes and storms of passion excited
by this organization against our brethren of the
South and their domestic institutions, which even
threaten the permanence of our Union, there is
one pillar of State which never has been shaken;
there is one arbiter for the settlement of the va-
rious questions which may spring up between
the States which is entitled to our fullest confi-
dence; I refer to that element of our nation's
greatness, the Supreme Court of the United States;
and, sir, while I adopt language, uttered more than
thirty years ago, with reference to that august
tribunal, I insist that it is more applicable at the
present moment than at any previous period to
the venerable men upon that bench:
"• They have performed their constitutional duties, neither
awed by power, nor influenced by patronage, not- seduced
by talents and learning, nor eonupted by wealth, serene,
courteous, and dignified; amldf-t intimidation and calumny
they have rievei loigotten what was due to their own honor
and iKetulness, or to the diameter ot their eountiy. The
passions and prejudices that have made war against them,
the envy, disappointment, and .-elfishness which have as-
sailed them, the talent:- and learning, the political and per-
sonal influence that have lcsisted them,the paity violence
and sectional feelings which have lisen up for their destruc-
tion, have only set ved to brighten their reputation, to endear
them to then eountiy, and to make them the pride and
honor, as they have been the good genius, of these United
States. The wise and peaceful spun of the hall of justice
has taken the place of the insatiable sword, of the cruelty
and violence ot war, and of the anogance and ambition of
the waruor."
There is one fact which will not be overlooked
by the country, and that is, that these extreme
views, whether expressed North or South, do not
come from the immediate vicinity of that line
which divides the non-slaveholdingfrom the slave-
holding States. It is a remarkable fact, that while
gentlemen from the old State ofSouthCarolinaand
from the newer State of Mississippi—States en-
tirely removed from the non-slaveholding States-—
express upon tins floor extreme views of hostility
to the permanency of our Union; on the other
hand gentlemen living in the extreme North, m
Massachusetts and other extreme States, far re-
moved from the real element of agitation, give
uttei ance to feelings of stern hostility to the South.
The citizens upon that line, which these ficrcc po-
litical elements would make a wall of fire or a
torrent of blood, viewing impartially the institu-
tions of the several States, cultivating conserva-
tive feelings and sentiments of fraternal affection,
will never listen to the malignant counsels of dis-
union, come from what quarter they may.
1 have the honor to represent in part one of the
conservative States of this Confederacy—the State
of Indiana—and, sir, I know that that State, while
the meinoiy of the past still lingers around her,
while she lemembers that early period of her his-
tory—the period referred to by the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin',] in his elo-
quent remarks a few days since—when a most
implacable foe was armed against hfcr—the Indi-
ans of the western wilderness; when the mothers of
Indiana, with their children, fled to the hospitable
homes of the gallant State of Kentucky, to escape
the tomahawk and the scalping-knife; and when
the gallant men of Kentucky, with her own h#rdy
pioneers, met that foe upon her western frontier
and drove them back; while she remembers that
upon her soil sleeps the ashes of many of the gal-
lant sons of that sister State, never will she con-
sent that that beautiful river which runs between
her and that glorious State shall be the boundary
between severed and hostile nations. No, sir, she
will never consent to that. The people of Indiana
have listened to the counsels of Washington:
"The unity of government which constitutes you one
people, is also now deai to you. It is justly so, for it is a
main pillar in the cdifice oi your real independence; the
support of your tranquillity at home j your peace abroad j of
youi safety; of your prosperity; of that veiy liberty which
you so highly pnze. But, as it is easy to foresee that, from
different causes and fiom different quarters, much pains
will be taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in your
minds the conviction of this truth; as this is the point in
your political fortress, against which the batteries of internal
and external enemies will be most constantly and actively
(though often covertly and insidiously) directed; it is of
infinite moment that you should properly estimate the im-
mense value of your national Union to your collective and
individual happiness; that you should cherish a cordial,
habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming
yourselves to til ink and speak of it as of the palladium of
your political safety and prosperity; watching for its preser-
vation with jealous anxiety; discountenancing whatever
may suggest even a suspicion that it can m any event be
abandoned ; and indignantly fiowniug upon the first dawn-
ing of every attempt to alienate any poitionof our country
from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now
link together its various parts.^
Indiana will not shrink from the responsibilities
she has assumed in becoming a member of this
Confederacy. She has counted the cost of this
Union, and is prepared to sustain it at every sac-
rifice save that of honor and justice. If her rights
shall be assailed, she will appeal for justice to the
people, to the States, to the Congress, to the Su-
preme Court of the Union, with confidence that
justice will not be denied her, even if delayed for
the time. With her consent no parricidal hand
u in the insolence of pride or themaaness of power"
shall touch the Constitution for its destruction.
She will only consent that the Union shall be dis-
solved when, in the lapse of ages, its illustrious
career shall be completed, and when the elements
themselves shall be dissolved with fervent heat.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE took the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman permit
us to make an experiment in the way of voting
for Speaker ?
Mr. JOB N COCHRANE. We have so often
tried and failed, that I hope the gentleman will not
insist now.
Mr. STANTON. I move, if there be no objec-
tion, that the House proceed to vote for Speaker,
with a call of the House first, if neccssary.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will consent after
I shall have occupied a very short time.
Mr. STANTON. Very well.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not know,
Mr. Clerk, whether it is in my power to submit
anything to this House, in addition to what has
been said, that can influence its opinions or con-
trol its judgment on the grave and important ques*-
tions that are before it. Nor is it my intention
to speak at any great length on the themes that
have been propounded here for the consideration
of the country. I deem, however, that what has
been suggested merits our grave and considerate
attention—not, sir, in the spirit of an idle decla-
mation that may excite and agitate while it does
not decide; nor yet, sir, in any rhetorical sense,
but only with a just appreciation of truth, and a
serious intent to examine, scrutinize, and argue
the questions that are before us.
Sir, it has been asserted that we are in the midst
of acrisis; and the evidence has been adducedhere,
day upon day for these many days, and has gone
throughout the country, proving to its every sense
and to its every fear, that, indeed, a crisis is upon
us. Indeed, I may say, sir—and I say it with
all seriousness and. earnestness—that a series of
13
