2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Question. Who were there ?
Answer. Some of the clerks in the Clerk's room, I think.
I cannot say positively who was there. .And then lift drew
these notes, and hande d them to me.
Question. Did not he say a word?
•Answer. lie might have said that he was in a hurry, or
something of that suit. J believe he aiso said, in a joking
way, that he did not know as these notes would ever be
paid, for he might break, or something to that effect.
Question. Do you mean to swear that Mr. Wendell paid
you this money without any understanding that there should
be any consideration whatever upon your part ?
Answer. I simply state the tacts as they occurred.
Question. Wore you engaged in assisting in passing either
the bill for the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, or what is known as the English bill ?
Answer- No, sir.
Question. Did you take any part in that contest?
•Answer. As a correspondent writing for the press, I had
an interest m the matter. I was opposed to the passage of
the Lecompton bill, and my immediate fnends in Congress
weie opposed to it, and voted against it.
Question. Did you ever have "any conferences with Mr.
Wendell about it in any way ?
•Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did he never talk to you about the measure ?
Jlnswer. Only as I talked with everybody else; there was
nothing specific passed between us.
Question. Did Mr. Wendell ever come to you and ask
you to assist in the passage of any particular measure ?
•Answer. Never, sir.
Question. Did you ever tell him that you had assisted in
the passage of any paiticular measuie in which he was in-
, terested?
Ansiocr. I do not think I ever did.
Question. And you say that he just came to you and
handed you this #2,500, without intimating to you what it
was for, and without any understanding between you and
him whatever?
•Answer. 1 say that no woids passed between us on the
subject—I say that nothing parsed between us except the
incidental remarks which 1 have already given.
Question. There was no understanding that you had
helped him in any of his measures?
Jlnswer. Not a word.
Question. llad he any moans of knowing that you had
assi-ted him in any measures in which he was interested?
•Answer. lie knew my general favor to him might have
been woith something; but whether lie knew what I did or
nor. 1 cannot say.
Question. Had jou been laboring for Mr. Wendell's In-
tel est?,
Jlnswer. I bad always been a friend to him.
Question, llad you "labored lor lus interest in the passage
of any measure betoro Congress?
♦Answer. I had been gcnoially tiiendly to him ; and where
ever 1 could speak well ol him, and toi him, 1 had always
done >o.
Question. Now state in what you had assisted him.
Jlnswer. i cannot state that I hud tendered him any spe-
cific soi vice; I cannot tell that my elToits have been of anv
avail whatever.
Question. In what did j on try to assist him 5
An<>>; or. I cannot say pai ticnlnrly. Without having a word
with Mr. Wendell upon the subject, 1 supposed or intoned
th.u it would he a matter ot intciest to him to haw a punt-
ing bmoau established, and the mode of doing the public
punting changed ; and f l.ivoied that measure, not particu
l.uly Un thai reason, but because it commended uselt to
my judgment Last \ cm, w hen Mi. T:n loi diew up his
repoi I <>n that suhjwt. I intoicsted ni} •-ell m the matter and
was with bun m getting up that icpoif.
Question. J ut you never had any conference with Mr.
Wendell about it, jou .say?
Jln^'in. Not a'wonl, prior to my being interested in it.
Ft was a mnttei of mf'oirneo, lathei than as-mianco, that it
luisjht bo agicc.ihle to him.
QufUon At what time were those two note* drawn, and
when dul they tall duo ?
jlnswer I can haidly state ; I have no means of knowing
now.
Question. When were they given to you ?
Jlns-m. A day oi twobeioie the adjouinmentof the last
Congiess.
Question. Wild paid those notes?
jJnsu <•). I do not know.
Question. What did you do with them ?
JJwxur. I [)iit them into the bank, and let them come to
Washington lot collection.
Quostwn You do not know who paid them?
jinsu'er. 1 do not know how they weie collected hero.
Quc.ti.j7i .\nd \ou got that $3,.100 without the least idea
wii.it u w as ioi i
jlnstKr. J got it precisely as f have stated.
Question. Aiejou in the hab'toi getting such windfalls
as that?
jlnsu-er. Well, if you wish to know about that, I will
say that 1 do occasionally iceeive windlails without a woid
bi/uig said a> to what they nu tor. 1 have lcceived them
at the pic&ent m-woh. j"ha\o had a gentleman put ^200
in my hand without saying anything about any moaMiio
whatever; and I do not know thai a gentleman, who has
done a similar thini^ on tlnee or lour occasions, evei had a
mcasuie hemic Congre-s in his lite.
By Mr. Winsi.ow:
Question. State who it wan.
Answer. L decline stating who it was, because it is not
connected v> ith Congress at all.
By Mr. JIoiu.ns-o'n :
Que lion. Who wa-; it that handed you the $'200 ?
Jlnvier. 1 decline giving his name, because it was a
gentleman m no way connected with Congress. lie was a
pei-oiial mend ot num.
Que hon. Aie you now employed to assist in getting anv
mea^uie, pa>i;od thiough this Congress?
Answer. Well, sir, I am interested somewhat ina matter
befoie this Congress; or, at least, I have supposed I wa3.
Question, What is that?
•Answer. Mr. E. K. Collins wrote to me about a claim with
which you are doubtless familiar, that he has against this
Government for a balance due him for carrying the mails.
Question. You aie engaged in that?
•Answer. I cannot say that theie Is? an engagement. He
wrote to me about it, and wished me to promote itae far as
I could; and I have felt mteiested m getting it through.
Question. What is your business ?
 Answer. I am connected with the press, and 1 am also
here politically.
Question. Are you a reporter?
Answer. I am chiefly here in political matters and poli-
tical interests ; and it is in conncctlon with those that what
money 1 have received has come to me.
Question. What paper arc you reporting for?
•Answer. lam corresponding for the New York Expi ess.
By Mr. Oi-in :
Question. Do you recollect any conversation that took
place between you and Mr. Wendell at the time he gave
you the money of which you have spoken ?
Answai. Nothing more than E have aheady stated.
Question. Was there anything said about it at any other
time ?
•Answer. No, sir; although we are well acquainted, he
never stopped to converse with me for three minutes. This
matter might have been talked about at some time, but there
was never any agreement, stipulation, or anything of the
kind between us.
Question. Youdidnot understand, at the time the money
was handed to von, whether it was for your own private
use, or whethcr'it was to be paid over foi some other pur-
pose?
•Answer. I supposed it was for my own private use.
Question. What reason had you to suppose that it was for
your own puvatc use, inasmuch ab there was no convoca-
tion to that effect, and you had rendered no services to Mr.
Wendell?
•Answer. I had no other reason than supposition, based
upon my general good-will to lum, and what I believed to
be his good-will to me.
Question. What use did you make of that money ?
Ansicer. I spent it when I got home, in paying my debts
and supporting my family.
Question. Can you tell any particular places m which you
paid it out?
Answer. If I had my account-book here I probably could.
I suppose I paid ten dollars in one place, twenty dollars in
another,and fifty dollars in another: to the grocer so much,
tor diy goods so much, and so it went. I only spent a small
part of it here in Washington ; I might have paid the bal-
ance of my little bill here, for I never allowed my lulls to
become large.
Question. What did you do in aiding the passage of the
English bill?
•Answer. 1 did not do anything, for I was opposed to it.
Question. You did not apprehend that this money was
given to you tor your opposition to that bill, did you?
Answer. 1 appiehendnot \ Mipposod my action in ref-
eicnce to that bill was well understood.
Question. Then you had no idea what tins money was
paid j ou lot ?
Answer. 1 had no other idea than what is eompichended
in the answer I have already given.
Question. You think it was ou account of your general
good-will towauU i\lr. Wendell ?
Jlnswei. 1 cannot say what was the motive that influ-
enced him.
Question. 1 am asking what j out idea was as to the con-
sulriation tor which this money was paid jou?
Ameer. 1 haw just suited it. I thought Mi. Wendell
might have own it to me lm my goneial good-will
Question. You suppose that wa< the consideiation ?
Jlntiro. J cannot say with ceitaintv what it was.
Question. What did j ou suppose wa-* the eoirudeiation
—what was the moving cause, m join judgment—that in-
duced linn to place that money m your hands ?
.Ansu-er. 1 can only say as I have said, that I suppose Mi.
Wendell gave it to me loi good will.
Question. lie had made jon no pioinisc to pay you this?
Jlnsuei. lie had not; nevei.
Question. You had icndctod him no services that \ou
aie awaie of?
Jlnsuer. No specific scivices, that I am awaie of.
Question. lias anj' other person in the employ of Gov-
ernment paid you an j thing this session lor your good-will ?
Jlnvirei. No pewm evoi did it.
Question. Ilow was it about that $200?
Ansu ei. That was cumiet ted with a political movement
that is going on, and hac nothing to do w ith Congress. This
political movement could notha\e been kept up without
money ; but that is a matter entirely outside ol Congiess.
By Mr. Robinson:
Question. Do you know Mr. llay?
Answer. Ye-., sir.
Question. Do you know wheie he is now ?
Ansucr He was ui New Yoik, but J do not know whether
he is thoie now or not; verv probably he may be. f pic-
sume if he should be addicted at No. 23 Coitland street,
Now Yoik, he might be found, and would conic ou if you
want him. Still, 1 do not know.
By Mr. Winsi.ow :
Question. You state that you were opposed to the pass-
age of the Loeoinpton bill?
An,v er. Yes, sir, with those with whom I was more im-
mediately in communication. When the English bill came
up, however. I tiiuuqht it would be bettei for all to just take
it, as it in cffect save a submission of the constitution.
Question. I did not ask you lot j oui reasons ; I only want
the tacts. J undeistand truin youi testimony that you weie
oppo-vd, oiiginally, to the Lecompton hill?
Answer. Yes, t>n.
Question. 1 urideistand that afterwards you thought it
] better, iiom political motives, that the English bill {should
pa>s ?
Answer. "V os, dr.
Question. Was you oi that opinion when it finally pissed ?
Answer. In aecoidance wah the wi.dies of my political
friends, I finally went against the whole.
Question. Well, sir, who are those political friends—to
what party was you attached ?
Answer. I was a straight-out American.
By Mr. Olin :
Question. At the time this money was handed over, or
the notes and obligations equivalent to money, was there
anything said about your paying anything to a man by the
name of Hay ?
Answer. No, sir; I do not think anything was said, ex-
cept that Mr. Wendell handed it out laughing, and saying,
" I do not know as these notes will be worth anything; X
do not know as they will ever be paid." There was noth-
ing else passed between us, and we parted.
Question. Did you have no conversation at any time with
Mr. Wendell about any money transactions with Hay?
Answer. No, sir; never.
Question. No pait of the proceeds went to Hay?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Where were the notes paid ?
Answer. I sent them here to have the money collected,
and it was collected.
Question. Who remitted the proceeds to you ?
Jlnswer. I got the money there. I sent them through the
Mechanics' Bank of the city of Brooklyn ; that is, I left
them there for collection, arid made no inquiiy about who
paid them; 1 merely took the pioceeds, paying them lor
making the collection.
Mr. BOTELER. I desire to send to the Clerk's
table a letter, which I wish to have read as an act
of simple justice to the New York Express. I
have no idea why I have been honored with the
letter in question. It came to me to-day,and re-
quests me to make a statement in reference to the
matter now before the House; but I prefer that
the letter itself shall be read, as that will suffi-
ciently explain the nature of the statement which
I am requested to make
The Clerk read the following letter:
New York, May 16, 1860.
My Dear Sir : If the story comes before the House that
Mr. Walker was the correspondent of the Expiess when
the English bill was there, may I rely upon you to Kate
that the Expie&s resisted that bill,as it did all theLecomp-
ton legislation, and that hence no §3,o00 could have reached
us.
Mr. Walker did not write for us when the English bill
was before Congress. He never has been in oui employ,
lie is not our employed and paid correspondent Within
two yeais he lias voluntarily wntton for us, and we publish
or reject at pleasure, as we do veiymany other letters from
Washington.
I have written to Mr. Conkling, of New York, to get
him to have^one of us summoned before the Covodk com-
mittee, to have record made of facts ; but I have little tea-
son to believe that the Republicans on that committee
would summon us, unless they supposed they can impli-
cate us.
We value ourpeeuniary character, and no man lives that
can say a cent ever entered our pockets for or against any
bill or measme.
Youu, lespectfully, JAMES BROOKS.
Mr. WLNSLOW. I received from the editor
of the Express a letter of similar import to that
just read by my honorable friend from Virginia,
and had intended, before I took my seat, to al-
lude to the subject. It is proper for me to say
that no imputation was made before the committee
against the editors of the Express. I am notaware
that the Express was named by Walker. I think
he stated he was employed as correspondent of
the press generally. However that may be, there
was no intimation before the committee involving
those gentlemen in the slightest possible degree.
The committee supposed that it was their duty to
repoitthe resolution; and I think it will stiike
everybody, from the mere reading of the testi-
mony taken, that it is the duty of the House to
take prompt action in the premises. I must con-
fess that I felt embarrassment in bringing the
matter before the House at this particular time,
because it involved the production of a part of the
testimony taken before the committee, without
the context. It is therefore proper for me to say
that not a particle of testimony taken befoic the
committee lias so far impugned the chaiacter of
members of Congress. It is unjustly supposed,
throughout the countiy, that nu measure can pass
Congress except through the influence of corrupt
considerations; and this opinion grows out of the
conduct of very bad men holding"subordinate po-
sitions about the House, who sedulously impress
upon those having business before the House the
idea that their business can not be attended to unless
they are paid for the purpose of urging it. This
is a foul slander on the House. With the ex-
ception ofa single case, that occurred in thcThirty-
Kourth Congress, 1 have never seen any evidence
of conuptioii on the part of a member of Con-
! gress;aud I shall hesitate long to believe that any
! gentleman who comes here with the confidence of
h constituency of one hundred thousand is so low
and base ns to tyke a pecuniary consideration for
his vote. I must, therefore, conclude that the bad
