1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
One hundred thousand dollars spent in a steamer
with any battery, with any means of accommo-
dating her crew and carrying her coal and pro-
visions, would make a very small affair indeed.
If she reached the coast of Africa with her fuel,
she would do _very well. We have no coal depot
anywhere upon the face of the earth but upon our
cwn shores. These vessels, to be of any scrvice,
would have to be steam vessels exclusively, be-
cause smaller steamers with sail power have
scarcely any speed.
We can have these vessels upon the coast of
Cuba with propriety, because they always have
acoal depot under their lee, and they arc very effi-
cient; and I do not care how much you multiply
thei* on that coast, because they can be kept
moving; but no man will undertake to say that
if you send a steamer which is not at the same
time a sailing vessel to thr* coast of Africa you
can make her efficient. She is not to lie off par-
ticular points. There are fifteen hundred miles
of coast which she has to watch. These steamers
cannot be purchased from the merchant service
for anything like this sum of money; and if they
are made at all, they ought to be built by the
Government with express reference to this par-
ticular trade. To show my own sincerity m that
matter, I have introduced a bill to build seven of
these vessels. We have seven of them now,and
the name of one of those has been mentioned to-
day, the Mystic, which has been doing efficient
service on the coast of Africa. Others will bo
employed there. Those vessels are taking the
place of the larger frigates and larger sloops, winch
have been expensive: and the steam vessels now
constitute our Navy. We have six large frigates,
five large sloops, and seven gun-boats; and they
really, at this day, constitute the only Navy we
have; for the day has come when sailing vessels,
as useful vessels against a navy, ha\e become
obsolete. The ediethas^one forth; the battles on
the ocean heieafter aie to be fought, the piotection
of your flag and your seamen throughout the
globe, if afforded at all, is to be afforded by ves-
sels under steam.
The Senator offers to add this sum of money,
$300,000, to the appropriation bill to purchase
these steamers. If the Senator will say "to pur-
chase or to build, as the Secretary of the Navy
may judge upon full inquiry,"! shall have no
objection to it whatever.
Mr. WILSON. I will agree to that.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senator
that a Secretary of the Navy who could not con-
struct these vessels and put them to sea in ninety
days is unfit for his place. 1 will say, further,
that Great Britain built sixty of her largest gun-
boats in ninety days. Ninety days from the time
the order was given the keels were m motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was not present at the
debate of Saturday, and do not know what it was
that the Senator from Massachusetts alludes to
as having then occurred I have no desire to be
understood as entering into the question whethei
anybody proposes to open the African slave trade
again or not- and I deshe now merely to state that
what I have said and all the views I entertain
are that the measures for the suppression of the
slave trade on the coast of Africa should be effec-
tual. I desire them to-be made effectual. I shall
vote for the gentleman's proposition for more ves-
sels of this draught of water because I view them
as valuable, not merely for tins purpose, but for
most of the service which we want; more valuable
to us, no doubt, than the largest frigates we have.
I am willing to vote for them, and I am willing
to have them appropriated, as the Mystic is, to
that service. I do not wish to be understood as
opening a battery particularly on Great "Britain,
nor have I any desire to shrink from it. My pur-
pose was to state that I am convinced that the
slave trade will never be suppressed on the coast
of Africa but by so arranging our policy and so
directing our measures as to prevent the shipping
of the men, the taking of the slaves on board; and
that that policy can never be perfected and car-
ried out so long as we increase the premiums that
we give to our officers to let the slaves get on
board so that they can catch them.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has entirely mistaken the argument that
I made on Saturday. I object to the proposition
for these steamers, because, connected with the bill
that passed a few days ago, I think the eftect will
be to encourage the slave trade. I am for sup-
pressing the trade, but this measure will be an
encouragement to it. Within the last few months
a great many vessels have been fitted out, as the
Senator says,and a large number of negroes have
been captured. There seems to have been a great
impulse given to the African trade. Why is
this? 1 can account for it in no other way than
by reference to the fact that there was a bonus
of $45,000 paid to the Colonization Society for
the Africans captured last year. If you intend to
pay them one hundred or one hundred and fifty
dollars ahead for every captured African, you
myy depend upon it there will be any quantity
captured on the coast of Africa by these vessels,
if put theie. The trade would be encouraged for
the purpose of capturing, that 0100 might go into
the pockets of ccrtain societies that would receive
the Africans there and apprentice them out, and
be at no expense about them. It would cost this
Government from one to two million dollars in
no long time, and increase the slave trade incal-
culably. That is my objection.
Now, to show that the attempts of England and
America at suppressing the slave trade are a per-
fect sham, 1 should like to know whether among
the statistics which the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts is so fond of producing to the Senate, he can
discover a single instance in which anybody has
been seriously punished for engaging in the slave-
trade, whether in America or in Europe, North
or South. The laws are evaded by universal con-
nivance. It is a sham system from beginning to
end. The English officers make fortunes by the
prize money they get in capturing Africans, and
now the object is, with this provision, and the
bili we passed the other day, to make fortunes
for our officers, and to suppou societies and the
Liberian Government. That, whether it is in-
tended or not, is the inevitable result.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator wishes to know
if anybody has ever been punished frfr engaging
in the sla\e trade. Certainly, there have been
convictions even in our own country. In my
own State persons were convicted before Judge
Story and sentenced.
Mr. HAMMOND. Were they punished ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; but I admit it is gen-
erally difficult to do it.
Now, sir, a word as to the allegation which is
made that the efforts of England, France, and
the United States, for the suppression of the slave
trade, have come to nothing. Why, sir, two
centuries ago the coast of Africa, for thousands
of miles, was open to the slave trade. It has
been closed up now within about five hundred
miles. I have a letter from an officer recently
returned from that coast saying' that, of the whole
coast, only five hundred miles need now be
watched and guarded. Undei the influence of
this policy of suppressing the slave tiade so much
has been eflei.ud, and Fiance has on that coast
quite a number of steamers and ships for the pro-
tection of her commerce and flag; and C.umnander
Foote tays ihat if the Unsfed States were to put
theie a number of steamers equal to what France
keeps according to her commerce, our commerce
would not only be protected, but we should ne\er
hear of the use of our flag in the slave trade. I
tell you, sar, the evidence is overwhelming and
complete, that what we wanton the African coast
is a few small steamers, and we want some changes
of existing laws to add to the efficiency of our
souadron that we keep there. This system, if
honestly and sincerely carried out, will suppress
the slave trade m a few months.
England is accused, I do not know how justly,
of acting a false pait in this matter. Gut, sir,
France and England have done something, and
we have done something. We have captured
fourteen or fifteen vessels on the coast of Africa.
1 say to the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affiuis that I am willing to modify the amend-
ment, so that it shall prowde that the Secretary
of the Navy may purchase these steamers or con-
struct them. I am told that we cannot- oonstmct
steamers under several month". If it can be done
in three or four months, it may do some good;
but what we want at this time, when fleets of
slaveisarc sailing for the African coast from our
own country, is to put efficient vessels on the
African coast and arrest that policy.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is to take >300,000 of the
appropriation for the equipment and repairs of
vessels to buy these steatners. I explained the
other day that the House had deducted from the
estimate for equipment and repairs of the Navy
$1,000,000, the estimate being $a,523,O0Ofor equip
mem and repairs, and that based' upon a very
accurate and very close examination of the ser-
vice. The House has deducted from it §1,000,000
—a very large deduction—which will prevent the
Secretary of the Navy from carrying out those
repairs which he deems essential. I explained
that if we took §300,000 from that small balance,
these very steamers which are upon the coast of
Cuba and require repair, will not be repaired,
but will have to be withdrawn. 1 think that fifty
or sixty thousand dollars has been spent upon one
of them already, and I know that some of them
need repair. The Senator offers to modify his
amendment by adding to the appropriation these
$300,000. I apprehend that, on a point of order
which 1 shall deem myself bound to raise, that
amendment cannot be offered, proposing an in-
crease of the appropriation, unless it comes from
some committee. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that I think he had better leave the
§1,528,000 just as it is, and take up the bill which
we have reported—and I am in favor of taking it
up at any moment he pleases—to test the sense of
the Senate on the proposition to construct seven
steamers for this purpose. Let him withdraw
his amendment and allow the appropriation bill
to pass. The discussion has gone on so long that
I think it is time to end it. I shall vote against
his proposition to take $300,000 for this purpose,
because it would take it out of the estimate, and
the Senator has no right to propose to increase
the amount. v
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that any Senator
has a right to move to add to or cut down the sum
of $1,500,000 as proposed in the bill. It would
not be in order to move to appropriate §300,000
for this purpose as an original proposition, and
therefore I have proposed to use money already
appropriated by this bill. I propose, if it is in
order, to strike out" five," and insert" eight," so
as to make the appropriation in the bill $1,825,000,
of which $300,000 may be taken for this purpose.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to me that if men
are anxious to suppress this trade.'and concur
with the Senator from Massachusetts that this
description of vessel is most efficient, it requires
no argument to show that we ought to do it now,
if there is such a vast increase of this traffic as
has been stated. I merely rose, though, to ask
the Senator from Virginia, the Senator from
South Carolina, and the Senator from Florida, if
they believed the British were faithless in car-
rying out this treaty, and they desire to suppress
this traffic, whether, instead of being an excuse
or justification for oui acting in an inefficient man-
ner, it is not rather an argument why we should,
be more efficient on account of their neglect? If
we desire to suppress the trade and they are neg-
ligent m their duty, there is the greater reason
why we should be vigilant in ours. That is the
way it strikes me. Now, I wish, in justificatiod
of the civilized world, to say that 1 do not think
the conduct of Great Britain in apprenticing these
blacks is such an evidence of her perfidy as the
Senator from Virginia seems to regard it. If the
United States were m the position of England to-
day; if the United States had colonies suited to
African labor, where labor was not performed by
slaves, and there was no danger that, at the end
of a certain term of apprenticeship, these men
would be retained in slavery, I would be for it in
preference to giving $100,000 to carry them back
to Africa right away. I would prefer to keep
them in this country until we should give them a
degree of civilization and superintend them, and
send them back. That, I think, would be a work
of humanity; and the only reason I should oppose
it here is, that I would be afraid three fourths of
them would be kidnapped—would not be fairly
dealt by; but if there was a suitable colony to which
to take these barbariansand apprentice them and
teach them the arts of civilization to a certain de-
gree, so that they might know how to cultivate the
earth when they got home,and give them a little
amount of learning, I should think it would be a
work of humanity, instead of returning them in
a state of barbarity and ignorance as is now done.
The only amelioration of that is, that we put them
in the colony of Liberia for a year, in which time
