1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19.
new york city contested election.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, as the House
has adjourned over until Monday next, and as I
cannot call up the case of Williamson and Sick-
les to-morrow, I give notice that I will-call it up
! on Monday next, at one o'clock.
amendment of the rules again.
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine. The main ques-
tion has been ordered upon the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and 1 now suggest that the amendments reported
to the rules, upon whieh separate votes are not
asked, be voted upon en masse. I do not believe
it is necessary to read them all over again, for
they must be fresh in the memory of every gen-
tleman here.
The SPEAKER. That course will be adopted,
if there is no objection.
Mr. GARNETT. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman front Virginia to withdraw his motion to
adjourn until we can act upon the amendments
which are not objected to, and upon which sep-
arate votes are not asked.
Annulment of mobmon laws.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask my friend to withdraw
his motion until I can move that an amendment
which I propose to offer to the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in favor of the annul-
ment of certain laws of the Territory of Utah, be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the amendment
I have stated be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
amendment of the rules—again.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that mem-
bers now state what amendments they desire the
House shall separately vote upon
Mr. STANTON. I want a separate vote on
the twenty-sixth amendment, in relation to the
contracting for the engraving.
Mr. WELLS. I ask for a separate vote on
the fourth amendment.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote on the amendment of the 34th rule.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ments reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to which there was no
objection, and they were concurred m en masse.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Maine. Did the vote
just taken include the resolution reported from the
committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Speaker understood
that it did.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir. I want a separate
vote on that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Letitberead.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That John M. Barclay, assistant clerk of tlie
House of Representatives, be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered to rearrange tlie rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives of tlie United States, as amended, with a view
to make the connection and subject of paid rules correspond
as nearly as practicable; and that said reariangement, to be
made under the direction of the committee 011 tlie revision
of the luics, together with tlie Constitution of the United
States, Jeflbi.^on's Manual, (he rules of the Senate, the
joint rules of the two Houses, and a revised edition of the
Manual lately piopaied by said Haiclay, be furnished by lnm
for the use of tlie House.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know but that I will
vote for the resolution, if the gentleman from Maine
will satisfactorily answer a question I will put to
him. Has the committee on the revision of tlie
rules made any estimate-of what will be the cost
of this work which they recommend ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have not, for
one. I do not know whether any estimate has
been made.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman, further-
more, what will be the size of the book contain-
ing the Constitution of the United States, Jeffer-
son 's Manual and the rules compiled as suggested
by the committee?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. About onV
fourth larger than the present book.
Mr. GROW That is about what will be its
size.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not want to do any-
thing that will interfere with any goodreform that
may be proposed by this committee. I think that
the amendments proposed, so far as 1 have ex-
amined them, are good ones. I do hope, how-
ever, that the committtee will not urge upon this
House the publication of a book when they are
unable to inform us what will be its cost.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The present
book containing the Manual and rules is stereo-
typed, and consequently there will be but little ad-
ditional expense. It is necessary that we should
have these rules rearranged, and that we should
havS the admirable digest made by Mr. Barclay.
Mr. GROW. Unless that is done we will be
led into inextricable confusion in reference to the
rules.
The question was taken, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the ta-
ble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
west point military academy.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, I believe
there is nothing now pending before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The amend-
ment of the rules is now before the House. I
ask for a vote upon that amendment upon which
a separate vote was demanded by tlie gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wells.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. I thought that you, Mr.
Speaker, decided that I was entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
if the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
presses the matter of which lie lias the charge, it
will be first in order. If the House agrees to the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
John Cochrane,] to adjourn, the subject of the
amendment of the rules will be first in order when
the House meets again.
Mr. HAMILTON. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. John Cochrane] will withdraw
his motion to adjourn, as I desire but a few mo-
ments of the time of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will withdraw the
motion for that purpose.
The motion to adjourn was accordingly with-
drawn .
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr.'MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Hamilton] allow me to make amo-
tion to refer a bill to a committee?
Mr. HAMILTON. I would like to oblige the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] but
the matter I have in hand is very important.
Mr. MALLORY. You will have the floor
when I get through, and it will take but a mo-
ment.
Mr. HAMILTON. With that understanding
I will yield the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to take up from the
table, and refer to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, the joint resolution of the Senate, author-
izing the enlargement of, and the construction of a
branch of the Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. NIBLACK objected to takingup the joint
resolution.
Mr. HAMILTON. I wish to say to the House
that when the adjournment occurred on yester-
day there were two motions pending: one by
myself, to refer the appropriation bill for the Mil-
itary Academy, at West Point, to the Committee
011 Military Affairs; and the other motion by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, to
have the bill referred to his committee. TheHouse
adjourned pending the consideration of these mo-
tions; and I suppose that, in the regular order of
business, had it not been for the precedence of the
subject of the amendment of the rules, it would
have been the first business to-day. I now ask
the indulgence of the House to dispose of these
motions at this time. The reason why I ask it is,
that the State that I and my colleague [Mr. Rea-
gan] have the honor to represent upon this floor
demands that there should be speedy action. It
must be known to all gentlemen who have given
any attention to the subject that we have a line
of frontier of more than two thousand miles 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I must object
to this, for we are now acting under the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
the special order, the amendment of the rules, is
insisted on by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Washburn,] it must be gone through with be-
fore the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Hamilton]
will be in order.
Mr. GARNETT. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And the House accordingly (at half past four
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 19, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
i transmit a copy of the convention between the United
States and the Republic of Paraguay, concluded on the 4th
Februaiy, 1859, and proclaimed on the 12th instant, and
invite the attention of Congress to the expediency of such
legislation as may be deemed necessaiy to carry into effect
the stipulations of the convention relative to the organiza-
tion of the commission provided for therein. The commis-
sioner on the part of Paraguay is now in this city, and is
prepared to enter upon the duties devolved upon the joint
commission. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, March 16,1860.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the message was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the Presidentof the United
States, transmitting a report of tlie acting Secre-
tary of War, with the accompanying papers, com-
municating the information called for by the res-
olution of the Senate, of the 9th instant, respecting
the marble columns for the Capitol extension;
which was, on motion of Mr. Slidell, referred to
thcCommittee on Public Buildings and Grounds;
and a motion by him to print the message was
referred to the Committee 011 Printing.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
ceived, and will present to the Senate, certain
memorials of manufacturers, coal operators, mer-
chants, business men, fanners, mechanics, labor-
ers, and miners, in Schuylkill county, Pennsyl-
vania, representing that the great industrial and
productive interests of the country are suffering
from the want of adequate protection. They are
opposed to the present low tariff. They ask Con-
gress to abolish or make a radical change in the
present warehouse system. They desire the sub-
stitution of specific for ad valorem duties. They
represent that they do not ask protection for coal
and iron alone, but desire to extend it to the dif-
ferent interests requiring protection North and
South, East and West. The memorials will bo
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. THOMSON presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying Congress to pass a law to
prevent all further traffic in and monopoly of the
public lands of the United States, and that they
be laid out in farms and lots of limited size, for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KING presented papers in relation to the
claim of John Reed to a pension, on account of
an injury received while 111 the military service,
during the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Pensions.
He also presented a petition of James W. Nye
and other citizens of New York, praying Con-
gress to pass a law to prevent all further traffic in
and monopoly of the public lands of the United
States, and that they be laid out in farms and lots
of limited size, for the free and exclusive use of
actual settlers; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying the enactment of a uniform bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
