8104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
they may learn something. So far as the course
that England takes in reference to apprenticing
these Africans is concerned, I have no doubt that
it was with some such motive as this that they
adopted it. 1 am no great admirer of England in
her general policy in reference to trade, I am sure,
but I can see a motive for pursuing this course in
order to give these poor people some degree of
civilization and improvement, that they may be
better off when they get back to their own coun-
try; and if they carry them back in good faith, I
think it a humane instead of a reprehensible
course. That is my opinion about it. I shall
vote for this increase of the number of steamers.
I think they are doing great service.
Something has been said about the inefficiency
of our laws for the punishment of slave traders.
Now, I believe the Secretary of the Navy ought
to give a standing instruction to our officers, when
a slaver is captuied, to bring it into a portion of
the country where they are not in favor of carry-
ing on this traffic; where they will punish the men
engaged in it, and not where the juries will not
agree to convict. There are such complaints, but
1 know nothing about them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island where that is?
Mr. SIMMONS. I see by the papers that cer-
tain juries have failed to agree.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not recollect that under
the act of 1819 any man lost his life; and we have
caught a good many, and tried them in Boston,
New York, and other placet*. I do not think a
man ever lost his life under it.
Mr. SEWARD. Never.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is a proposition, I
think, to alter the penalty, and make it imprison-
ment for life instead of capital punishment. 1
should go for that. 1 do not condemn people for
not wanting to stretch men up and hang them by
the neck. Very probably I should have a little
dread of that if I was on a jury, and would take
all possible means to see if a doubt could not be
found.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me say to the honor-
able Senator from Rhode Island, who expresses
a wish that captured Africans may hereafter be
sent to that portion of the country which is ad-
verse to 
Mr. SIMMONS. I mean the men engaged in
the trade.
Mr MALLORY. I trust the next cargo will
go to Providence; and I shall certainty use what
httle influence I may have to get it sent theie.
Mr. SIMMONS. { should think you had
rather more than you wanted in Florida. What
I mean is, that I would have them sent to a com-
fortable place, and have them returned to Africa.
I believe the law now is, that we shall pay $100
apiece for them wherever they come. I do not
know that there is any law that would prevent
the men engaged in the traffic, when they are
caught, being sent in a different direction. 1 do
not know of any necessity for carrying the offi-
ceisand news into the potts whcio there J* a little
disinclination to convict. These aie the peopl.
who 1 suggested should he sent 111 rome other
direction, if you cannot find a jury to indict them
in the States where they have been tned.
Mr. MALLORY. There has been but one
attempt at trial m the State of Flondr, and that
was a Rhode Island man fi om Pi ovtdemv—a very
honorable gentleman of that town—and ht was
cleared simply by an error of the district attor-
ney; otherwise he would have been convictcd.
The evidence was abundant.
Mr. SIMMONS. If you catch any of our folks
out there in that business 1 hope you will punish
them Certainly the suggestion that has been
made here, that we have been appiopriating
$109,000 or $200,000 for what have been eaptmcd
within a few months, shows the necessity of pre-
venting this immense traffic. 1 cannot see why,
if the South really want to get rid of this trade,
and want to punish those engaged in it, it may
not be done. If you are going to return them to
Africa, 1 think it is a great deal chcapci to have
directions given, when they are taken on the coast
of Africa, to carry thorn to Liberia, if you want
them put there for purpose of civilization, and
not bring Uiem here and then pay $100 a head
for carrying them back. I think it would be more
effectual to take them there at once, in my opin-
ion, if these steamers were there the hazard of!
capture would be increased fourfold, and the risk
would be too great. I believe, under the present
laws, the owners of slave vessels, when they are
condemned, lose their ships as well as their car-
goes; but the punishment of the men, I believe,
has not been very effectual, so far as recent cases
are concerned. 1 have not heard of any of them
being condemned. It seems to me that this is a very
advantageous measure, to put vessels on the coast
of Africa. As to having coal depots, we can get
coal from the coal regions there as cheap as the
English or the Frcnch do. There is no difficulty
in that.
Mr. MALLORY. What would the Senator do
with slaves captured on the coast of Africa?
Mr. SIMMONS. Can you not carry them into
the colony where you send them when they are
captured here?
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator
knows very well that the colony to which we send
them now, under the Colonization Society's aus-
pices, excludes them, and will not allow them to
land without bond and security being given for
maintaining them one year. That is the treatment
towards them of their own color.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to know if we cannot
have thesamearrangementtodeposit these slaves,
when they arc captured on the coast of Africa, in
Liberia under the Colonization Society, that we
make after they get to Florida and we then send
them back.
Mr. MALLORY. Then the Senator is in favor
of giving $100 a head.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not said how much a
head. I know it costs less money to carry them
at once to Liberia than to bring them from Africa
to the United States and take them back again.
Mr. MALLORY. That is the same arrange-
ment. The Senator said he was in favor of making
the same arrangement, and that is $100 a head to
the Colonization Society for carrying them to
Africa.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator is very sharp
in seeing objections to every suggestion 1 make;
and he. is so earnest about it, that he catches at
them before I make them. I have not suggested
any sum to bo paid ; but 1 sayan arrangementcan
be made with the Colonization Society. If they
can make an arrangement with the colony of Li-
beria for sending them from here, they certainly
could make an arrangement to save their passage
here and back again, and carry them there as soon
as they were captured. What they have to pay
there, 1 suppose, i.s their support during a year,
and that would cost much less than the expense
of their passage and their support besides. That,
1 think, is very obvious. Tins provision, I am
told however, is, that it shall not exceed $100 a
head; and they will do it, undoubtedly,as cheap
as they can. I have never before heard the hu-
manity or fidelity of this society at all impeached.
I do not believe they have any idea of making
money by the transaction.
Mr. W1GFALL. If this proposition had come
up tlurly at a proper tinn*, and presented itself in
a proper aspect, I should have been disposed to
give it a pi oper consideration; but, sir, I am sat-
isfied that the Senator from Massachusetts, who
introduced this amendment, had no idea that it
would pass; hail no desiie that itshould pass. lie
seems to occupy himself with a pair of scissors,
during the recess, from one session of Congress
to another, in chppingout of newspapcis articles
that are editorials and that at c not editorials; and
he cannot tell, when he is catechised as to a par-
ticularoxtractjwlu thcr it isnn cditoiial ot whether
it is not: hut ho says he saw it in the Charleston
Meicury, or in some other paperquoted from the
Charleston Mercury, and he attempts to convict
the entire southern people of favormgthe reopen-
ing the Afncun slave tiade upon such testimony.
Now, I ask the Senator fiom Massachusetts has
any southern Senator or any southern member of
the otln r House introduced any pioposition here
that lookrd to repealing the prohibitory laws
against the African slave trade? None. We
have been perfectly paesive; we have taken no
action; we have done nothing; but they want
more stringent Jaws, and in getting up a motion
for more stringent laws, instead of meeting us as
brotheis and talking to lis fairly, as if they were
talking to those from whom they expected some
cooperation and with whom they desired cooper-
ation, the Senator from Massachusetts introduces
an amendment and straightway he prefers an in-
dictment, and reads extract after extract from res-
olutions introduced into southern Legislatures,
that were laid upon the table or thrown under it,
or voted down by overwhelming majorities, and
reads extracts from newspapers, and he cannot
tell whether they were communications or edito-
rials. He charges the whole South with desiring
to reopen the African slave trade, and then asks
southern men to vote §300,000 for buying steam-
boats to suppress the slave trade. The whole
thing comes in a manner which shows that the
Senator does not desire that his own proposition
should carry.
I desire to say explicitly that, from the year
1808 to the present time, I am not aware of%.ny
effort on the part of the South to reopen the Afri-
can slave trade. Within the last few years, of
which period the Senator has spoken, there has
one vessel been taken that was suspected of in-
tending to bring slaves into a southern port, and
that was the Wanderer, and she had no slaves on
board at the time, and itisaquestion whethcrshe
ever had any. The Echo and every other ves-
sel that has been captured were carrying slaves
to Cuba. The section of the country from which
theSenator from Massachusetts comes is engaged,
he says, in the slave trade, butitis the slave tiade
between Africa and Cuba. I do not propose to dis-
cuss thisquestion, norsay whether we haveanght
to interfere with the commercial affairs of Spain;
but I say that there is no evidence that any single
cargo has been introduced but one for seventy-odd
years, except those that were brought before 1808
by authority of law, and most of those were sent
by citizensfrom the States which the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Scnatorfrom Rhode Island
represent. I believe it is a historical factthat Mr.
James De Wolf was elected in 1820 to represent
Rhode Island m the Senate of the United States
to vote against the admission of Missouri, though
he had imported more Africans into the country
than all the men who ever lived in it. Rut since
1808 there is one single case of a slaver being cap-
tured attempting to bring slaves into the United
States. I know that in the State which I repre-
sent no Africans are imported. Such a thing can-
not be found as a live African imported into that
country, saving and excepting one cargo imported
by Monroe Edwards, and they are owned, it is
said, by a citizen of Texas who came fiom New
England. lie got them, I believe, as a fee for
disputing the title of the owner. That is the only
cargo ever brought into Texas.
This proposition has been brought in here,
evidently from the manner in which the Senator
has spoken, for the purpose of making a little
political capital. It is "a weak device of the
enemy." 1 would vote against an appropriation
of §300,000 to republish the Bible, because wo
have not the constitutional power. I would vote
against a great many other propositions that
might be presented. At the next session of Con-
gress, if the Senator can show that the treaty be-
tween England and the United States has not
been carried out by us, and that, by our treaty
stipulations, we are required to put more guns or
more vessels upon the coast of Africa, and that
England lias carried out her treaty stipulations in
good faith, and that we are not doing it, then a
fair question will be presented to the American
Senate for an appropriation. Until something of
that sort is charged, it seems to me that all that
can be said on the subject is mere hrutumfuhnen.
It is an attempt to get up an cxcitement here on
a question that is of no practical utility. I do not
intend to detain the Senate. I intend simply to
say, so far as I am concerned, that 1 shall vote
against this appropriation, because I believe it is
out of place, ill-timed, and intended for no good.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 could wish
that the honoiable Senator from Texas would
reconsider that resolution, for i am quite confident
from my knowledge of the habits and character,
ot the hoiiotabh,' Senator from Massachusetts,
that he has no sinister, or unfair, or illiberal design
in introducing this proposition; but that, on tho
contrary, he is actuated by a desire, in good faith,
to do something to arrest this traffic, which is on
all hands admitted here to be injurious to the rep-
utation and character and honor of the country,
if there be an3r doubt about its being adverse to
the interests of humanity. At all events, what-
ever may be the motives of others in sustaining
