THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session *
TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1860.
New Series No. 195..
this proposition, I am cctuated by no sinister pur-
pose. A year ago I introduced into the Senate a
tili containing stringent measures, (the necessity
for which was suggested to me by the discovery
that the Wanderer had been engaged in import-
ing Africans into the United States,) for the pur-
pose of arresting this trade; and I thought that it
was necessary to strike at the real slave trade
which disgraces us. This trade is nota European
or foreign slave trade, but an American slave
trade, carried on out of the ports of the United
States, acquiring slaves in Africa for sale either
in the United States or in Cuba arid Porto Rico.
When I prepared the bill, I sought to strike at
what seemed to me the root of the evil in the
place where it was planted., and that was in the
commercial cities of the North; and I will add,
frankly, chiefly in the city of New York. I sought
to incorporate into the bill provisions which
"would render the police of the United States effect-
ive in that city for the purpose of detecting and
thus preventing the fitting out of craft in that city
for this traffic, which is so repugnant to the na-
tional sentiments and judgment of the people of
the United States. I sought then to increase the
force upon the African coast^by multiplying the
number of small steam vessels which should be
engaged there, and by, at the same time, fortify-
ing the Government there with an increase of the
number of consuls who should receive induce-
ments to reside on the coast of Africa and to de-
tect those vessels and to prevent their obtaining
cargoes of slaves; and if the vessel should have
escaped from the port of New York and escaped
•with a cargo from the coast of Africa, then fol-
lowing her to the American waters, to increase
our naval force, and to increase the efficiency of
our police within the States, and of our consuls
in the Spanish colonies.
Now, I am bound to say that, when I intro-
duced that bill, 1 submitted it to the consideration
and careful examination of Senators representing
southern States, whose opinions had been declared
as hostile to the slave trade as my own. 1 specify,
if I have leave to do it, the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] the honorable
Senator from Delaware who is upon the Judiciary
Committee, [Mr. Bayard,] and the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, who is not now present, [Mr.
Pearce.] I lrad frequentconversations with them;
and I came to the conclusion, which I confessed
and avowed about the last days of the last session,
that I was satisfied the whole of the Senators from
the southern States were, in good faith, desirous
to improve this system of ours, to arrest the slave,
trade as it is carried on from American ports, and
thus to reestablish the honor of the country. 1
say the same thing now. I believe so, and 1 say
also that the difficulties which I found, and which
prevented my moving in that bill, came not so
much from resistance in the slave States, as from
commercial lesistance in the city of New York.
1 hope, therefore, I may be acquitted of any de-
sire to impute dishonorable motives to anybody.
1 know better than to do so. We need the help
of southern Senators, as of all others, and wecan
expect it only on the ground of acting fairly by
them.
Having made this preface, I wish to say that
everything i have heard here to-day in opposition
to this proposition of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, seems to me to have furnished a
strong argument in favor of it. It is said that
our treaty with Great Britain is not fully executed.
Some on our side, and all the Senators on the
other side of the House, seem to agree that it is
not fully executed on the British side. The hon-
orable Senator from Virginia—I think it was he,^
certainly some honorable Senator—said that if
Great Britain chooses to lay her hand upon Spain,
and to insist upon it that she should discontinue
the practice of receiving slaves m the islands of
Cuba and Porto IUco, the slave trade would ccase
in a day. 1 allude to this for the purpose of re-
minding the Senate that circumstances have en-
tirely changed since the treaty of Washington,
which contains this stipulation, was mads. That
195
treaty was made at a time when our Navy was at
the feeblest, and it was made at a time when the
British navy had culminated. It was made at a
time when our own independence and oui sover-
eignty were not so much respected throughout the
world, and at a time when the British prestige cov-
ered the whole earth. Perhaps Great Britain has
done all that was prudent for her to do. Slie has
paid Spain twice over to abolish the slave trade
in all lier dominions; and Spain has received the
money, and by her laws, and by the action of her
Governors, has pronounced it abolished. There
may have been a time since that period, when
Great Britain could have laid her hand on Spain,
and enforced the discontinuance of this nefarious
traffic; but that time has passed, if it ever existed.
Spain grows stronger; Great Britain relatively less
dominant. Since that time, Great Britain has
found herself rivaled by great European States—
by Russia, by France. She is now, every day
of her life, considering and debating, not whether
she is able to exercise a universal police on the
seas, to compel submission to her will and her
pleasure, and to dictate laws to European States;
but she is considering to-day, and every hour of
the day, whether she is sufficiently armed to pro-
tect and defend herself. She dare not disturb the
peace of Europe.
Underthese circumstances it has been my o\vn
opinion, agreeing with that of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, that it is unnecessary and
unavailing for us to rely on Great Britain to act
as a police for us in this case. At the time when ^
we consented that we should exercise mutual acts j
of police, we distrusted, perhaps, our own dis- !
position and our own virtue, certainly our own
strength. We have * town older since that time;
wc aie able to maintain a policc for ouiselves, and
we ought to do it; and wo ought not to depend
upon Great Britain at all to compel our merchants
of the city of New York to refiaui from fitting
out slave ships, and our vessels on the coast of
Africa to refrain from purchasing or stealing
slaves there, and to refrain from landing them in
Cuba or on our own coast. We ought to do it
ourselves. It is our slave trade, not a European
slave trade, that is to be suppressed. We are a
powerful and strong nation. We have committed
ourcharacter to the criticism of mankind, challeng-
ing their respect. It is the simple pomt of duty,
then, to apply our force and our own power to
bring this evil to an end. I am not prepared to-
day to abrogate the treaty with Great Britain. 1
have ceased to recriminate, and ceased to care for
recrimination by the British authorities against
us, because of delinquencies on our own part
which we are competent to correct, and necessi-
ties on our part which we are bound to supply.
Now, this measure is a step in the right direc-
tion, and therefore it is that I shall vote for it. I
would prefer that the bill which was submitted by
myself at the last session, or the bill of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts which lias
been submitted at this session, should be revised
and perfected; but it is a difficult thing, a very dif-
ficult thing, to perfect, all at once, a bill which
shall suppress the slave trade and not embarrass
legitimate commerce. The delays which have at-
tended the measure so far do nut discouiage me.
I hope at the next session of Congress, if no one
else will, to bring it under favorable auspices to
the consideration of the Senate; and in the mean
time, I appeal to the Senate whether this is not a
step in the right direction? Furnish §300,000 to
the Secretary of the Navy—I am quite willing to
trust lam—to buy or build vessels for the purpose
of arresting this trade. The sum is less than we
shall have to pay for sending home the cargoes
of two slavers which have uecn recently lauded on
our coast. It can do no harm; it is a demonstra-
tion in the right direction, and is entirely in con-
formity with the treaty with Great Britain.
Mi. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
New York, who has just taken his seat, argues
ill favor of this proposition because it is a stepin
the right direction. I more nearly concur with
the views of the Senator from Rhode Island. In-
deed, so far as hc'Srgued the question as-one .of
humanity, I think his proposition is demonstra-
ble that it is far better, having the Africans on
the coast of the United States, to turn them over
to Christian teachers, here to be instructed how
to labor, here to be instructed how to worship,
and at some future time to be returned to their
original homes, than to send them back among
barbarians, or to send them back to negro mas-
ters in the colony of Liberia. Not only is it true,
as was stated by the chairman of the Committee
011 Naval Affairs, that the Liberian colonists will
not receive these wild Africans among them unt-
less some one is surety for their support for a year,
but it is equally true that these poor wretchos 
who have been turned over to the tender mercies
of liberated negroes, are excluded from all parti-
cipation in the benefits which they enjoy. They
are not permitted to go into their churches; they
are not received into their schools; they are
hitched to the cart and compelled to drag burdens
like oxen; and the plea which has been made for
not using the oxen furnished to them was, that
if the oxen were, worked in the sun in that cli-
mate they would die, and therefore they killed
them and eat them before that sad catastrophe
should arrive! Far better, I say, in a human-
itarian point of view, adopt the policy of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. Asa question of pol-
icy, I would-agree with him they should not bo
turned loose in those States where, as he says_,
the people are not entirely opposed to the intro-
duction of Africans. Wc do not want them there;
but if they mustbe brought into the United States,
turn them loose among those who claim that there
is no distinction of color and no distinction of
race. Let them have them to their hearts'con-
tent. If they have public schools, if they have
public charities, and are willing to receive these
wild x\fricans and educate them, ai;d live with
them on terms of perfect equality, it is their busi-
ness, not mine. As a matter of policy, we do not
want them among us; and so far from it being
true, as was urged by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, upon authority which I have no doubt has
deceived him—1 do not at all accuse him ef a
wish to misrepresent—that there is a purpose to
inaugurate the slave trade and to revive it, he
sliouid understand that the laws of Mississippi
forbid it, apart from and above all Federal legis-
lation, and that we stand by our municipal laws,
and prefer that you should keep your hands off.
I would also tell him that when some persons,
probably instigated by hostility to the Federal
legislation, endeavored at a recent period to have
that law repealed, they met wilh no support in
the Legislature of the State. It is not our policy;
it is not the policy of any of the southern States.
Nay, more, sir, they led the van of those who
moved for the abrogation of the African slave
trade. The first difficulty between Virginia and
the Federal Government grew out of the fact that
the Federal Government authorized the slave-
traders to bring their vessels into the ports of
Virginia, when the Virginia laws forbade it. But
two of the southern States at the formation of the
Union desired to continue the trade. It was the
mercantile States that were benefited by it. They
desired to continue it for their commercial ad-
vantage. In these days, I suppose, if a body of
men were to assemble together and enact such a
fundamental law as the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, they would be styled the manufac-
tureis of a slave code; forthe Constitution of the
United States recognized this character of prop-
erty, and provided for continuing this very trade
for twenty years after its adoption. If it wore
new, and were enacted to-day, it would be de-
nounced as a slave code.
We do not admit that the Federal legislation is
sound upon the subject. We deny that the Fed-
eral Congress ever had the power to declare an
offense to be piracy. Their power " to define and
punish piracies" was given in the Constitution,
not to create a crime, not to make that piracy
which was not so before, but to define what piracy
was, and provide for its punishment. Th  act of
