1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
March 19,
on all drop letters or letters placed in any post office not for
transportation, but for delivery only, be, and the same are
hereby repealed so far as applies to drop letters delivered
within the limits of any city or town by carriers underthe
authority or the Post Office Department, on which letters
the rate of postage imposed for the support of the carrier
system in such city or town shall be collected, and no
more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the first amendment of the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I understand this amend-
ment, it is this; the bill proposes to allow pub-
lishers to put upon the envelop or 'wrapper, in
addition to the address of the person to whom the
newspaper is sent, a statement of the date when
the subscription expires; and the amendment pro-
hibits putting upon the envelop also a statement
of the amount due by him.
Mr, YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I so understood it.
Mr. YULEE. Not at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to understand
the effect of it.
Mr. YULEE. I will state precisely what itis.
By the existinglaws, publishers are permitted to
send, without charge of postage, under the wrap-
pers containing the papers directed to their sub-
scribers, their bills and receipts. It is proposed
now to allow them, instead of that privilege, to
indorse, together with the address -of the sub-
scriber, the date to which he has paid his sub-
scription. To this there is no objection. For this
purpose the bill appears to have been intended,
as seems by its title, " An act authorizing pub-
lishers to print on theirpapers the date when sub-
scriptions expire." The amendments made by
the committee are intended to extend to the pub-
lishers of newspapers the privilege desired, and
to carry out fully the purpose of the bill as de-
clared in its title, but to relieve the publishers
from the condition which the phraseology of the
bill would otherwise impose upon them, of using
a particular patent which has been recently taken
out, and no other. The effect of the bill, as passed
by the House, would be to put the publishers
under the necessity, as the only condition upon
which tliey; can avail themselves of the more lib-
eral provision of this enactment, of using a par-
ticular machine which has been invented, and
which may be substituted to-morrow by a better
one, and which some publishers may prefer to
dispense with, and save the expense of paying to
the inventor the charae which lie requires, when
they can accomplish the same purpose by other
means, and by a little labor. That is the amount
of it. The purpose is to give the publishers all
theypray for, without subjecting them to the obli-
gation of using a particular invention, which they
would have to do if wo adhered to the words of
the bill as it came from the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the second amendment of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is that ?
Mr. YULEE. I will state what the purpose
of the amendment is. Under the existing law,
there is a charge of one cent made for all drop
letters 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we passed upon the
amendments to the first section?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question now is on the
second amendment, reported by the committee,
which is, m line eleven to strike out the words
"the wrapper number."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee to in-
sert as a new section:"
Sec. 2. Jind he it further enacted, That all laws declaring
that postage at the rate of one cent each shall be charged
on all drop letters or letters placed m any post office not fur
transportation, but for delivery only, be, and the same are
hereby repealed, so far as applies to drop letters deliveied
within the limit-or anyeity or town by carriers, under tile
authority of the Post Office Department, on which lettei 5 the
rate of postage imposed for the support of the carrier system
in such eity or town shall be collected, and 110 more.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any objection in the world to the amendment
which the Senator from Florida has introduced;
but it is legislation upon another subject. This
bill now only provides for one simple thing,
which it is very.desirable should pass. The other
matter just introduced is not connected with it
at all. The only object, as I understand, of this
bill, is to obviate an inconvenience which pub-
lishers of newspapers are laboring under, and
which is also an inconvenience to the subscribers,
and merely to allow the publishers to put upon
their papers, with the address, the date when the
subscription expires. That is substantially all
there is in the bill; and it is a provision to which
I presume no one has any objection. The verbal
amendments suggested by the Senator for the pur-
pose which he indicated seemed to be very proper;
but now, to introduce a separate clause m regard
to another subject, it seems to me, will embarrass
the passage of the bill. I hope it will not be in-
sisted upon by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. I am not prepared to discuss
it at all. I do not know that I have any objection
to it by itself; but if we go into other legislation,
I think the result of it will be that it will retard
this simple matter, which I think every member
of the Senate understands and appreciates, and
would be willing to let pass by itself. I hope
that the other amendment will not be pressed.
Mr. YULEE. I presume there can be no ob-
jection to adopting this amendment upon the bill
which is now before the Senate. It is an amend-
ment to which there can be no objection from any
quarter. It is for the relief of the public from a
very great annoyance and a great injustice. It is
to enable the Department to make the carrier ser-
vice effective and useful in the large cities. No
one can object to it. My reason for proposing
it as an amendment to this bill is simply this:
objection is made in the other House to amend-
ments having reference to general legislation
upon appropriation bills. The bills which go
from the Senate are apt to lie upon their Calen-
dar, in consequence of the obstruction thrown in
the way of action in the House by their rules, in-
definitely. I would not be disposed to put upon
this bill anything that would lead to discussion or
debate, or could be objectionable at all; but here
is an amendment which is entirely unobjection-
able, and which will be useful; and as the bill has
been amended, and must necessarily go back to
the House, and no one can objcctto this any more
than to the other amendments already made, I see
no reason why we should not take advantage of
this opportunity to correct an evil and to relieve
the public, from a burden. At the same time that
we were relieving the publishers from what they
ellcged to be a burden, and extending to them a
privilege, I thought that we should also give to
the inhabitants of large cities the very important
benefit of the carrier system for their express mat-
ter, in order that they may have the responsibility
and regularity and care of the Post Office Depart-
ment, instead of being obliged to depend, in con-
sequence of the difference of charge, upon city
expresses for the conveyance of all their city mat-
ter. I can see no objection to its being adopted
as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. KING. Ishould judge that the construction
of the amendment would require that all letters
dropped in the post office should be sent through
the carriers. It may be that the party who leaves
a letter in the post office may desire that it should
be delivered from the office through his box. I
would inquire of the Senator from Florida, how
he understands that; if his attention has been
directed to that point? A great many persons in
the cities have their boxes, and they therefore do
not require the letters to be sent by the carrier.
Mr. YULEE. Of course they will not go into
the hands of the carriers. You relieve them frofn
the cost. They will be distributed, under the ex-
isting system of the Department, precisely as they
are now The only difference is, that, instead of
charging two cents, we shall charge one cent, in
the ease of the delivery of a drop letter by a car-
rier.
Mr. KING. My impression is—and that is
the point to which t desire to call the attention of
the Senator—that the construction of the amend-
ment requires them to go through the carrier, and
be charged carrier's price.
Mr. YULEE. That depends upon the option
of the party receiving. He may pay one cent
without delivery by the carrier, of course.
Mr. KING. Let the Secretary read the amend-
ment again.
Mr. YULEE. All letters for persons having
boxes are put in their boxes, whether drop letters
or otherwise.
Mr. KING. Let us see what the amendment
says.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. KING. Now I understand that section
to provide that the charge for a letter delivered by
the carrier, is to be made upon every drop letter.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. KING. I so understand the language; it
is that that shall be charged, " and no more."
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; it merely provides that
for all letters intended for delivery, and which are
delivered by carriers, the only charge shall be one
cent, which is the rate charged by city expresses.
Now we are obliged to charge two cents: one
cent for the carrier and one cent for the drop. The
section was prepared at the Department, and is
very much desired and very necessary.
Mr. MASON. I should like to learn of the
honorable chairman of the committee whether
the effect of this bill will be to diminish the reve-
nues of the Department.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. On the contrary, it
will probably increase them. It is expected at
the Department to increase the revenue by en-
abling the Post Office to do what is now done by
city expresses altogether in large cities, and to
accommodate the public better.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: An act.
authorizing publishers to print on then-papers the
date when subscriptions expire, and in relation to
the postage on drop letters.
BOUNDARY Of OREGON.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making provision
for running and marking the forty-sixth parallel of latitude,
so far as said parallel is the boundary line between the
State of Oregon and the Terutory of Washington.
CAPTAIN WALLEN'S REPORT.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to coin
munieatc to the Senate the report of Captain TI. I). Wal-
)cn of his expedition, made in 1859, fioin Dalles City to
Great Salt Lake, and back.
PREEMPTION" TO LAND.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 142) to secure the right
of preemption to certain settlers on land tempo-
rarily occupied as an Indian reserve in Oregon,
and for other purposes, to report it back, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, and to
ask that it be put on its passage. It is a bill that
ought to pass at once. It will lead to no debate
at all.
Mr. MASON. I have an earnest desue to pre-
sent a resolution and also to make a motion; and
if that bill will take any time, it had better go
over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it takes any
time, or is disputed at all, I will consent that it
shall go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would ask if that is not
a private bill ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No, sir; it is
not. The Senator will see that it is not when it
is read.
There being no objection, thcSenate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 142) to secure the right of preemption
to certain settlers on lands temporarily occupied
as an Indian reserve in Oregon, and for other pur-
poses. The Committee on Public Lands report
the bill back with an amendment to strikeout ail
after the word " whereas" in the preamble, and
insert in lieu thereof:
Hy a treaty entered into on the JOth September, 1B53, be-
tween the Government of the United States and the Rogue
River tribe of Indians, in Oregon, it was stipulated that said
tribe of Indians should be allowed to occupy, tempotarilj,
a certain tract or dtstrict of territory de^eubed in the sec-
ond article of said treaty, said tract to be deemed and con-
sidered an Indian reserve until a suitable selection should
be made, under the direction of the President of the United
States, for their permanent residence ; and whereas such
selection was made in theyear 1855, and the Indiana inhab-
