2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. WASHBXJRNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has -made an
appeal to me to pass over this bill till to-morrow
morning.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us adjourn.
• Mr. SHERMAN. I wish the House to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WASHBXJRNE, of Illinois. As the gen-
tleman from Ohio desires to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, I move to
postpone the further consideration of the steam-
boat bill till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view of taking up the consular and
diplomatic bill.
Pending that motion, however, I move to close
all debated) the bill within five minutes after the
committee shall have entered upon its considera-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on the motion to close
debate 011 the consular arid diplomatic hill, and
it was agreed to.
The question recurred 011 the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union, (Mr. John Cochrane in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Senate amendments to bill H. R. No. 4, mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th June, 18G1.
The first question was on concurring in the first
and second amendments of the Senate, as follows:
Strike out the woids "*eeretaiy of legation to China,
acting as," and insert the words " to the legation to China
so that the clause will road :
Fur salary of the mtoipreter to the legation to Cluna,
^■5,000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. T desire to submit some
views to the House on tins amendment. The
question is, whether we shall concur in the Sen-
ate amendment, or in the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means to non-concur
therein. The amendment is actually necessary,
to provide the Commissioner to China with an
inteipreter as well as with nsecretary of legation.
I suppose that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is under the impression that
this'creates a new office. Am I right in that sup-
position?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will provide on appro-
priation for an office already contemplated by
law, but not now m existence.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, further, if the
law of 1856 does not authorize the appointment
of an interpreter and the appointment of a secre-
tary t
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the law to au-
thorize tiie appointment of both; and, in case both
are appointed, to fix the salary of the interpreter
at $5,000, and of the secretary at $3,000; but
where the secretary performs the duty of inter-
preter, his salary is to be $5,000. If we make the
appropriation for both, both will be, as a matter
of course, appointed, and paid the saianes pro-
vided by law. They have got along, so far, with
the secretary discharging the duties of inter-
preter, and I think they can contiuuo to get along
very well in that way.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is true that heretofore
the Chinese legation has not had both a secretary
and an interpreter-, but Mr. Ward, the present
commissioner to China, has an interpreter as well
as a secretary; and if wo do not make the appio-
priation for him at this session, we will have to
do so at the next. If the secretary is capable of
actingas theinterprcter,then,asamatter of course,
he is allowed by the commissioner so to act, and
get a certain salary. But Mr. Ward has a sec-
retary who cannot act as interpreter. He is neces-
sarily called upon, therefore, to employ an inter-
preter under the law of 1856; and, being under
such necessity, it devolves on Congress to pro-
vide payment for him.
Under the act of 1856, there is a provision that
the compensation of the secretary of legation to
China, acting as interpreter, shall be §5,000; and
if he does not act as interpreter, then he is entitled
to $3,000. As the present secretary of legation
does not understand the Chinese language, and
as the commissioner is entitled both to a secre-
tary and an interpreter, it is the duty of Con-
gress, as this is an office authorized by law, to
provide payment therefor. Whether you do so
now, or at a future time, will not affect the em-
ployment of an interpreter, because the present
secretary of Mr. Ward cannot act as interpreter
for the legation, and the commissioner is com-
pelled to have an interpreter as well as a secretary.
The Senate amendment provides merely for the
payment of an interpreter. It is not creating a
new office; it is not making a new appointment.
The interpreter is already appointed under the
law. How would it be possible for the commis-
missioner to get along without an interpreter? He
is obliged to employ some one else other than the
secretary as interpreter; and whether we give him
the means or not, at this session of Congress, to
pay the interpreter's salary, it must be provided
for at some time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to inform
the committee of the precise condition of the ques-
tion. We have now a secretary of legation, act-
ing as interpreter, and entitled, under the law, to
a salary of $5,000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the secretary is acting as inter-
preter?
Mr. SHERMAN. He is appointed with power
to act as interpreter.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes; but he cannot do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that, under
the operation of the law, if we appropriate $5,000
for the secretary, he will employ an interpreter at
a salary of one to two thousand dollars. The
secretary's salary is very large. If we employ
an interpreter, his salary is $5,000, and that of the
secretary $3,000; so that we would be obliged to
appropriate $8,000 for the secretary and inter-
preter, while at present we merely appoint a sec-
retary, and require him to have an interpreter.
This is, therefore, substantially a proposition to
inciea.se the number of officers, by having in this
Chinese legation two officers instead of one, and
increase the appropriation from $5,000 to $8,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means thought that
£5,000 was quite sufficient for this service, and that
the secretary might readily find a Chinaman to
act as interpreter, and pay him out of his salary
of $5,000, the largest salary given to any secretary
of legation.
The question was taken on the first and second
amendments of the Senate; and they were con-
curred in.
Third amendment:
After the word u Japan," add the words " from the 1st
i day of January, 1£60,to the l*t day ot July in the same
j year, $1,^50; and tor the lineal year ending the 30th day of
i Jane, 1K>1;" su that the flange will lead :
j Foi compensation to the interpreter to the minion to
j Jap in, from the 1st day ot January, 18G0, to the l>t day of
; July in the hamc year, ,<jl.*2o0; and foi the fiscal year end-
; in : the 30th day of June, $2,500.
! Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate amendment is
■ unnecessary,as we have already provided for this
! deficiency in the deficiency bill. 1 hope, there-
! fore, that the Senate amendment will be non-con?
1 cutivd in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
In line lorty-three, insert, afen the woid" hundred,'1 the
: woids "and twenty-five ;*> so that the clause will read:
! For the lelief and protection of American seamen mfor-
! eign countiies, $2-25.000.
I Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend that
I amendment by striking out "two hundred and
\ twenty-live," and inserting "one hundred and
• fifty" in lieu thereof.
| Mr. PHELPS. That is not in order. You
! cannot strike out the "two hundred," as the
House inserted it in the original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is not m order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then, if the Chair rules
that amendment out of order, I move to add this
proviso:
Provided, That not more than $150,OOOshall be useddur-
ing the next fiscal yeai.
My reason for offering the amendment is this:
there was originally appropriated §75.000 in the
deficiency bill, to be used during the current fiscal
year; and that has already passed and become a
law. Therefore, the fifth amendment, which fol-
lows this, will be unnecessary. My purpose is
to appropriate only $150,000, to be expended dur-
ing the present fiscal year. There is a great deal
of strange expenditure in relation to this fund for
sick and disabled seamen. Under the law as it
now stands, the captain of a vessel cannot dis-
charge a seaman abroad without paying him three
months' extra pay. Two months' pay of that
amount is to be paid over to the seaman himself,
and one month's is to be paid into the hands of the
consul, for the purpose of sending home the sick
and disabled seamen. I suppose that it was ori-
ginally expected that this one month's extra pay
would be entirely sufficient for the purpose of
bringing home all sick and disabled seamen. Still,
notwithstanding that no captain of a vessel can
discharge a man abroad without paying him three
months'pay, I find that at Honolulu, the consul
there expended, for sending home sick and dis-
abled seamen, §74,000 in one year; whereas the
amount received by the consul from this one
month's extra pay was only $4,000.
I find also thatatLahaina the consul expended
$60,000; whereas he received only $6,000. 1 think,
then, that £150,000 is entirely sufficient for this
purpose. The Senate thought that it was suffi-
cient, and therefore I propose to reduce the sum
originally proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means to $150,000. 1 am satisfied that that
amount*ivill be sufficient. The number of seamen
who go to these ports in the Sandwich Islands is
nothing like that of those who go to Liverpool; and
yet there is scarcely a port on the globe to which
our seamen go, where the expenditure for this
purpose is so great as at these ports. Gentlemen
say that the whaling vessels touch at these ports
and drop their si^k seamen there; but the captain
of a whaling vessel, if we enforce the law, cannot
discharge a seaman there unless he pays three
months'extra wages, and one month's pay of that
amount is to be reserved by the consul, in order
to send home sick seamen; and yet,atHonolulu,
the consul reserved only $4,000, whilst he paid
§74,000 for sending home sick and disabled sea-
men. There is no opportunity of putting a check
upon this; it is entirely within the discretion of
the consuls, unless we adopt this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia knows all about the controversy in relation to
this matter in the Committee of Ways and Means.
The committee received the following letter from
the Secretary of State, showing that it was abso-
lutely necessary to appropriate $75,000 for the
present year:
Department of State,
Washington, February 18, 1800.
Sir: I have the honor to requc^that an appiopinoon of
j$75.000 ma) he made for the relief and piotection ot Amer-
ican seamen in foieign countnes, that sum being indispens-
ably teqimed to meet the diaft.s of the consuls of the Um -
ted States lot the service ot the present fiscal year, tiie ap -
propuatimi foi that object being now reduced to iess than
one thousand dollar^.
1 he<* leave to inform the eommiitee that the amount
asked tor for the cuirent fiscal year was$175,000, which it
was supposed would be ieduced, and only §150,000 appio-
puated toi that object—a sum totally inadequate, when the
amount ot iclief alToided to our huge and annually increas-
ing number of seamen is taken into consideiation. Tiieap-
pioprtation lor that object for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1850, was exliaus-ted as early as March of that year, and
a tiansfer fiom other funds at the disposal of this Depart-
ment was made to the amount of sixty thousand dollars,
($00,000;) and jet the fund failed befoie the expiiation of
the fiscal year, and drafts of the consuls accumulated to
the amount of some eighteen thousand dollars ($18,000)
prior to July 1, the commencement ot the present fiscal
yeai.
I have also the honor to request that the appropriation
for this object lor the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1861,
may be increased fiom $175,000, the amount a^ked for, to
$9u0,000, a-? the latter sum will, f am confidant, be re-
quned to defray the expenses incurred under that head.
The serious attention of the Depaitment has for some
time pav-t been diawn to the increasing charges on account
of destitute, sick, and disabled ceamen.
As in the main they have been incurred in the Pacific in
connection with the whale fishery, the guano and the Cal-
ifornia trade, the commissioner of the United States at the
Sandwich Islands has lepeatedly been instructed to exam-
ine and repoit upon the subject, in the hope that some
means might be devised to diminish these chaiges. Similar
instiuctions have been addressed to the ministers of the
United States at Lima and Santiago de Chile, and the Navy
Depaitment has ordered officers in the command in the
Pacific to cojperate with those functionaries. I regret to
state, however, that the result of their investigations does
not show any practicability at present of curtailing the
