1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
expenses referred to, consistently with the policy upon the
subject sanctioned by existing laws.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
LEW: CASS.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
After full consideration, we put the amount of
$75,000 into the deficiency bill. I believe that
under the existing- law this fund is abused; but
until we change the law, we cannot control the ex-
penditure. This money is paid out under a law
passed in 1803 or 1804, which authorizes consuls,
in certain cases, to relieve American seamen
abroad. Under that provision of law, the ex-
penses havegrown up from §10,000 a year to about
$200,000. It is impossible for the Committee of
Ways and Means to restrain this expenditure,
because it is provided for by law, and, therefore,
we had to £ive what was asked for by the De-
partment. Unless a change is made in the law
authorizing this money to be expended by consuls
abroad, you cannot restrain the expenditures.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to state that the
Secretary of State, and every officer connected
with this branch of the public service, seem to
be satisfied that there is something improper in
the amount of this expenditure, and that there
might be some corrective applied; and as this is
the only point at which it can be done, I hope the
committee will refuse to give any more than the
Senate agreed to give, which they can do by sus-
taining my proviso.
Mr. SHERMAN, I wilt ask the gentleman
from Georgia this question: suppose we limit the
appropriation: will they not go and expand the
whole amount under the existing law?
Mr. CRAWFORD. They will not in the next
fiscal year, if we provide that it shall not be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be done under the
existing law.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I take it for granted that
if we place a piovision in this bill that only
$150,000 shall be expended, the officers will con-
form to our requirements for the next fiscal year.
Mr SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Georgia that I apprehend the effect of his
amendment will be this: the consuls would con-
tinue to make drafts on the Secretary of State, as
they would be authorized to do under the exist-
ing law; and there being a deficiency m the ap-
propriation for that purpose, the drafts would be
protested, or else the service would be abandoned,
it seems to me that the whole appropriation had
better be made, and if a reform is needed, let the
House instruct the Committee on Commerce to
bring in a bill changing the law*.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, as amended.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, whether there is a sufficient reason
for not placing in the hands of the consuls the
whole amount pro\ided for by the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say to the gen-
tleman that the amount which we propose to
strike out is provided for in the deficiency bill,
and therefore is unnecessary.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Add, after the word " dollars,in line forty-four, page 3,
as follows: "$75,000 of which is to be used in the fiscal
year ending the30th June, I860so that the paragiaph, as
amended, would read :
For the relief and pi otection of American seamen in for-
eign countries, ,$200,000; $75,000 of which is to be used in
the fiscal yeai ending the 80th day ol June, 1860.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment, also, is
unnecessary; for the reason it is provided for in
the deficiency bill. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 3, at the end of line foity-six, insert as follows :
Foi expenses which may be incurred in acknowledging
the semees of the ma^teis and cicws offoretgn vessels in
ie«cuirig citizens of the United States fiom shipwreck,
#10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
In the paragraph providing forsalariesof consuls general
at the various foieign ciues, strike outSimoda."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment;
At the end of the following paragraph in the bill: "for
compensation of the commissioner, secretary, chief astron-
omer and surveyor, assistant astronomer and surveyor,
clerk, and for provisions, transportation, and contingencies
of the commission to run and mark the boundary line be-
tween the United States and the British possessions hound-
ing on Washington Territory, $150,000," insert as follows:
Provided, That when the boundary iine is determined
between the Pacific ocean and the liocky Mountains, any
unexpended balance of this appropriation shall be-applica-
ble to the determination of that portion of the boundary
which lies east of the liocky Mountains, and which has not
as yet been traced on the tace of the earth; and that the
United States commissioner be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, in connection with the commissioner of Great Biitain,
to determine and trace said boundary line eastward to the
liocky Mountains, as far as the Lake of the Woods*
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill as follows:
For expenses incurred, under instructions from the Sec-
rotary ot Slate, in bringing homefiom foreign countries
persons charged with crime, and expenses incident thereto.
$10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to defray the cost of a
prison-ship at Canton, in China, fiom the 1st day of Jan-
uaiy, 1854, to the 1st day of January, 1857, and for com-
pensation of the marshal of the consular eouit at Canton
fiom January 1,1851, to December 15, 1857, §4,760, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. WASHBUIIN, of Maine. I disagree with
the Committee of Ways and Means in reference
to this amendment. From the examination I have
given to the question, I am satisfied that this
amount isjustly and honestly due to Mr. Cook,
and oui^ht to be paid; and I believe the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means do not disagree with me
as to that opinion; but, if I am not mistaken, they
object to its being in this bill on the ground that
it is a private claim. I know that claims of this
character have been inserted in appropriation bills
tnne out of mind. I recollect that an appropria-
tion was inserted to pay a claim of Mr. Pendle-
ton, of Virginia; another to pay a claim of Mr.
Sehenck, of Ohio; and 1 can point you to more
than twenty appropriations of the same character
placed in general appropriation bills; arid now,
after this amendment has passed the Senate, and
when the claim is right in itself, 1 hope this House
will not, on a matter of mere technicality, reject
the amendment. In the hist Congress, the Sec-
retary of State sent the following letter to this
House on the subject:
Department of State,
Washington, May 5,1858.
Sir: I have the honor to tinnsinit herewith a copy of
two communications addressed to this Department by Mr.
J. I\ Cook, late marshal of the United States consular
coun in Canton, claiming compensation for semees while
holding the said ofhee, and al<o for furnishing prison ac-
commodations duiing the same period.
The Department is satisfied that important services were
rendered by Mr. Cook, and the compensation which he
claims is moderate in amount.
An appropriation has hcietofore been made by Congress,
at the same late of compensation, for the services of T. N.
Johnson as marshal of the United States consular court at
Shanghai, (sec; Statutes at Laige,volume ten, page 291,) and
the Department recommend?- that provision be made by
CoiiKrebs to satisfy the claim of Mr. Cook, which is of a
similar character.
A copy of dispatch No. —, received fiom Mr. Parker, the
late commissioner in China, relating to this claim, is here-
with transmitted. *
I am, sii, your obedient servant, LEW: CASS.
Thus showing that the service was rendered,
and that the amount charged for his pay is simply
the amount fixed by law, at $1,000; and the other
charge was reasonable.
Mr. Parker in his letter, dated at Macao, De-
cember 11, 1856, says:
"Sir: Referring to my letter to the Departmentof State,
under date ot 16th January, 1855, i dative to office of the Uni-
ted States marshal at the portot Canton, pernntme to intro-
duce the bearer. James P. Cook,who succeeded to thatoftice
1st January, 1853. During thepenod that has smeeelapsed,
Mi. Cook has held the offices, and discharged the duties, of
United States commercial agent and United States marshal,
for which he has received no compensation from Govern-
ment.
"Theservices he has rendered in ca<es of munity and
insubordination on board our merchant vessels, in cases of
desertion, in breaches of the public peace on tbe pfcrt of
drunken sailors, have consumed much time and involved
no little care and responsibility. He has also supplied all
the prison accommodations possessed for criminals, die
number of which has been considerable.
" From his position and intimate and extensive acquaint-
ance with the Chinese, and the confidence and influence
acquired among them, Mr. Cook has been able to render
important services, and I commend his claim for a iust re-
numeration to the favorable consideration of the Depart-
ment." r
The following is the letter of Mr. Cook to the
Secretary of State:
Washington, Jlpril 28,1858.
Sir: I beg to call your attention to the subject of my
claim on the United States Government for services ren-
dered In China, as United States marshal for the consular
court of Canton, from January 1, 1854, until my departure
from China, December 15,1H5S, a period of three years,
less fifteen days. 1 was formally sworn into office by Mr.
D. N. Spooner, acting vice consul in absence of Mr. Forbes,
some time in April, 1854, and gave the required bonds for
the fulfillment of its duties; and was informed at that time
that Government had made provision for the payment of
$1,000 per annum for the said office.
I have also furnished accommodations for the prisoners
during that period, at the request of the several ministers and
consuls, as well as providing food, medicines, irons, &c.;
but, as I have no account of expenditures on these mat-
ters', only charge the rent of the prison-ship, which was al-
ways kept and manned for that purpose, at tne price handed
in to Mr. McLane, in reply to his communication to me on
the subject.
During all this time, having carried out the instructions
of the Government, regardless of expense or trouble to my-
self, which, I think, the documentaiy evidence in the State
Department will be quite sufficient to prove, I humbly re-
quest that your excellency will give your attention to the
enclosed memorandum ot what I consider justly due me by
the Government, that I may receive remuneration.
Ti usting that this brief statement of my'case will be suf-
ficiently plain to act upon, 1 have thehonorto be, sir, very
respectfully, your obedient servant, J. P. COOK.
P. S—I beg to refer particularly to a document from Dr.
Parker on this matter, dated Macao, December 11,1856, and
now in the Department of State. J. P. C.
Hon. Secretary of State of the United States, Waslb-
ington.
There is another letter from the Secretary, go-
ing over this ground and confirmingwhathas been
stated before, but limiting the recommendation to
the amount provided in this amendment. There
was a sum charged for exchange, which the De-
partmentthinks was notjustlyallowed,and which
the Senate have not embodied in their amendment.
I have not time to read the testimony in the case.
It goes to establish, beyond a shadow of doubt,
that these services were rendered in good faith;
that the money was paid, and that it was not re-
imbursed. I am, for one, in favor of the Govern-
ment paying its just and honestdebts; and I hope
that the amendment will be agreed to.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
For compensation of the consuls at the five ports ig
China, to wit: Kwangchow, Amoy, Fuchow, Ningpo,
and Shanghac, fiom the 1st of July, 1855, to the 31st of
December, 1856, $9,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I think that the Committee
of Ways and Means have recommended a non-
concurrence m that amendment by inadvertence.
That case has been examined by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, of which committee I am a
member, and I am authorized by that committee to
say that this claim is due under existing laws, and
that it ought to be paid. It arises under the act of
1848, which gives to certain consuls in China, in
accordance with the terms of our treaty with
China, certain judicial powers. The act con-
ferred upon them this power, and it provided that
they should receive, as compensation for these
judicial services, in addition to their compensa-
tion as consuls, $1,000 each per annum. What is
known as the Perkins bill did not repeal the por-
tion of the previous act which gave them compen-
sation for judicial services. The Pennington bill,
passed eighteen months susequently, did repeal
it. This provision is to pay the consuls their
salaries of $1,000 each per annum for these judicial
duties between the passage of the Perkins bill and
the Pennington bill. When the Pennington bill
was passed, the salaries of these consuls were in-
creased, but these consuls were deprived of the
$1,000 each for the performance of judicial ser-
vices. I have in my hand a letter from the Sec-
retary of State, in which it is stated that the State
Department, through inadvertence, failed to esti-
mate for this salary at the time it ought to have
