2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
been done, and hence the necessity for the money-
being appropriated now.
I will state further, that this estimate was re-
ferred, by the suggestion of the Committee of
Ways and Means, to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The Committee on Foreign Affairs was
instructed to examine whether this money "was or
was not duo. As 1 have already stated, that com-
mittee examined the subject carefully. I exam-
ined it carefully myself. The committee were
unanimously of the opinion that this was a just
claim against the Government, and that it ought
to be paid. Under the circumstances, I put it to
the Committee of Ways and M£ans that, as the
subject was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs by their motion, and as the Committee on
Foreign Affairs have reported that it is justly due,
they ought to withdraw all opposition. The let-
ter of the Secretary of State will satisfy the com-
mittee that the money ought to be paid. If this
be passed, no fmther claim can arise under the
law; for the law of 1848 was clearly repealed by
the Pennington act. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter to which X have referred.
Mr ELIOT. Refore that letter is read, let me
ask whether it is not true that these services have
been rendered by these consuls under existing
law, and whether this is not only to pay them for
service done?
Mr. BRANCH. Yes, sir. I say that now this
committee has an opportunity, which rarely oc-
curs, to pass upon au honest and ajust claim. It
was overlooked by inadvertence in the State De-
partment, or the provision in this bill would not
have been asked for. I ask that the Secretary's
letter be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, February 23, 1860.
Sir: I linve the honor to state that, by the eighteenth
section of the u<-t of August 11, 1848, u to cany into effect
ceitam ptovi*ions in the tieaties between the United States
and China, and the Ottoman Poitc, giving certain judicial
powers to ministers and conduit ol the United Statea in
tho^e eonntiie*," it was* piovidert that " in consideration
of the duties herein imposed upon the commissioner, there
fhalt be paid to huu outot the Treasuiyot the United
Bmtes, annually, the sum of ,$1,000 in addition to his nal-
tuy; and there Miall also be paid annually to each of said
consuls,for a like reason, the sum of$l,000 in addition to
the consular fee;,." In conformity with the piovisionsol'this
statute, appropriations were annually made until 1855 " for
compensation of the consuls at the five ports m China, viz :
Kwangchow, Amoy, Fuchow, Ningpo, and Hhanghae,
$'5,OOU;5' and alno "for the additional compensation" of
the ♦'commissioner to leside m China," umiei the act
above mentioned.
The section of the act allowing this compensation was
repealed bv tne twentieth and I'urty-third •sections of the
act of August J8, 1&">6, which went into operation on the
L<t day ot Januaiy, L\7I.
Inadvertently no < -•ttmat,> wa.^ made for the compensa-
tion oi the commissioner and ronsuN in China, (oi judi-
cial services, for the period of a ycai and a half, from July
1, 1855, to December 3J, 1156, and no appropriation wad
accordingly made foi that ptu po«-e. The service*--, however,
under the provisions ot the law, the instructions of the De-
partment, and treaty stipulations, continued to be umdeied
during the above-mentioned period by the conmussionei
and consuls, and they have claimed the compensation,
which would have been paid but lor the uhsence of an
appropriation.
I respeelfully recommend, theieforc, that piovi-ion be
made for an appropriation ot %••<>,0UO, I'm tin* pmpo>e, m
the diplomatic and consular appiopiuiUon hill now beloic
the House ol Repicbeuiaiivtw,
I am, sn, jour obedient «euant, LEU* • CASS.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of the Committee of Ways
end Means, House of Re^re^cntntucs.
Air. CRAWFORD. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The Committee of Ways and Means have
had this claim under consideration during' the two
Congresses 1 have been a member of it, and its
members have twu'e decided against it.
Mi. ELIOT. Why?
Mr. CRAWFORD. Be cauKO it is contrary to
law. In my judgment, there is not the slightest
difficulty about this matter. Under the act of
1848, the consuls of the United States in China,
in addition to the powers and duties imposed upon
them by treaty, were invested with judicial au-
thority; and for those extra services they received
a compensation cach of ^1,000 per annum. They
received that compensation from 1848 up to 1855.
In the latter year the law of 1848 was repealed,
and tne present law was passed in its stead. It
was provided that, from and after the 30th of June
then next, the President of the United States shall,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
appoint consuls for the United States, to reside at
certain places; and that they shall receive, during
their continuance iu otHcej an annual compensa*1
tion not exceeding the amount specified by the
law. At China, they were entitled to |3,G00—at
Shangliae, Canton, &c. It was provided that they
should receive that sum,and no more. That law
went into operation in 1855. The Department
refused to make estimates, and Congress refused
to make appropriations for the extra compensa-
tion for extrajudicial services; for this law being
in force, prohibited that extra compensation. Ju-
dicial duties are required of consuls, and belong to
them as part of their office. The law gave them
$3,000 a year, and up to 1855 they had only fees and
§1,000 each. The $3,000 salary was presumed by
Congress to cover their entire services. There-
fore we have uniformly refused to pass this claim.
It is the second time that it has been up since I
have been a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means. It has uniformly been reported
against by that committee.
There has been added here Kwangchow, a port
which was not in the original law. There was
no consul authorized there by the taw of 1855. I
have the law before me. No consul was author-
ized to be appointed for that port who was author-
ized to exercise judicial powers. The five ports
in China were included under the old law; but
the consuls at those ports,as I have stated, were
given salaries by the law of 1855, instead of fees.
I hope that the committee will refuse to concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. I3RANCII. I know that it is not now in
order to debate this question; but if the commit-
tee will allow me to go on, I think that I can ex-
plain this matter to the entire satisfaction of the
committee.
Several Members. We will vote the amend-
ment in.
Mr. BRANCH. Very well, then.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out any one
of those parts, pro forma. I have looked into
this matter, and I differ with my friend from
North Carolina in reference to the construction
to be given to the law. Consuls, prior to the
Perkins act, as it is called, were entitled only to
fees in the necessary discharge of their duties;
and the consuls in five ports in China, for the
discharge of certain judicial duties devolved upon
them, were, m addition, allowed $1,000 cach per
annum. The Perkins act of 1855 gave consuls
salaries in lieu of fees. These five ports of China
were included, and the consuls there were pro-
vided to be paid salaries. There was a prowsion
in the act that the salaiies therein specified should
be in lieu of all compensation before received for
duties which were required to be discluugcd By
the act of 1848, the consuls in China were required
to discharge judicial duties, and it allowed them
$1,000 each for the discharge of those duties.
The object of the law of 1855 was to increase the
emoluments of consuls at many ports. At that
time it was alleged by our consuls that the emol-
uments of their office were inadequate to their
support. It was charged by those who were en-
gaged in commerce that consuls were taking ille-
gal fees. For the purpose of remedying the evils
complained of, the act of 1855 was passed,giving
salaries to consuls at these ports in iieu of fees.
These consuls were required to pay the fees that
tliey might collect from citizens of the United
States, into the Treasury, to defray the expenses
of the consular department. The Perkins bill
provides distinctly that the payments therein pre-
scribed shall be in lieu of all compensation for
those consuls whatever the service performed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. The provision of the lawgiving
this extra compensation was in force until Janu-
ary, 1857.
Mr. PHELPS. I differ with the gentleman.
Mr. BRANCH. I am of the opinion that this
is ajust claim. When the gentleman from Geor-
gia referred to the law,heread the wrong section.
He ought to have referred to the provision that
there shrill also be paid annually, to each of said
officers, the sum of $1,000 each, in addition to
consular fees. The Perkins bill repealed consu-
lar fees, and left the salaiy for the discharge of
judicial duties still standing. The Pennington bill,
which was passed eighteen months afterwards,
repealed any extra allowance, and increased the
salaries pro tanto, in order to make up for the com-
pensation given for the discharge of judicial duties.
The claim now before the committee is for the
eighteen months intervening between the passage
of the Perkins bill and the passage of the Pen-
nington bill.
Mr. SINGLETON. I understand that these
judicial duties were not a part of the lcgular du-
ties of consuls, and thpt $1,000 was given to each
of them for performing these extra duties. The
law of 1855 does not repeal that provision of the
law of 1848, and it is fairly to be presumed that
it stands.
Mr. BRANCH. Yes, sir. The law was not
repealed until 1855. This claim is for the compen-
sation during the intervening time. This claim
has been recommended unanimouslyby the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and I hope that it will
be passed.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question being on the Senate amendment,
Mr. CRAWFORD called for a division.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the gen-
tleman will not ask for a division.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I insist upon a division.
The House then divided; and the Speaker an-
nounced—fifty-nine in the affirmative.
Mr. BRANCH. I am willing to have the
amendment stricken out, rather than have the
committee broken up; for I perceive there is not
a quorum present. Let it be stricken out, and
give us a vote upon it in the House.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred m.
Twelfth amendment:
Amend the title b> adding, " and for other purposes."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. As all the amendments have
beendisposedof,Imove that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with the action of
the committee thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 339.
Mr. PHELPS. What is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the bill making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
tndmg the 30th of June, 1801.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply to make a
brief statement. There are yet three or four
appropriation bills, all of them of considerable
length. We can go through with them in a short
time, for 1 do not believe they will be substan-
tially amended, because they contain appropria-
tions only for those purposes which are provided
for by law. I think we may go through this bill
to-night, and report it to the House; and I hope
we may do so.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit to the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio whether, in consideration "that
it is now very late in the day, and we have barely
a quorum, if indeed any quorum, present, we had
not better rise ? By working faithfully six hours
to-morrow we can go through this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have got to choose be-
tween two alternatives: either we must call the
House, and in that way induce gentlemen to come
here and remain, in order that we may get along
with our business, or we must go on without a
quorum. I like to take the plainest way first.
But if gentlemen will go off, and leave us without
a quorum during business hours, there is no way
but to call the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
Clerk will be permitted to read on a little while,
for we want to get away by the middle of June.
The Clerk commented reading the bill by
clauses, for amendments.
The following clause having been read:
For one thous-and live hundred and eighty-four copleo of
. the Congressional Globe and Appendix, lor the second ses-
! sion ot the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
Mr.MAYNARD moved to strike out thesame.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee, that the Committee of Ways
and Means have greatly reduced the number.
They have reduced the cost largely, and the bulk
