1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
further restricted to the odd sections, and no pat-
ent id to he issued until it shali.be satisfactorily
shown th^t the land has been occupied and culti-
vated for five continuous years from the date of
the entry, and that the patentee is then a citizen
of the United States. It is further provided that
this act shall in nowise impair ox interfere with
existing laws on the subject of preemptions, do-
nations, or graduation,s. ' ... -
Th«ise, Mr. President, are the. general provis-
ions of the" bill.. They-indicate, with sufficient
distinctness, the nature and object of the measure,
without further reference to its details. The policy
proposed to be adopted is based upon the assump-
tion that the great leading purposes of the .Gov-
ernment, it) regard to our public domaij), are its
occupancy and cultivation, with a view to the ul-
timate formation of sovereign States. Incarrying
out this policy, it is not proposed to disturb the
existing enactments, which provide, the rules and
regulations that constitute our^present land law
system. This system has grown up and matured
in the light of many years of observation and
experience. It has proved eminently beneficial
and successful in its practical operations. Its ma-
chinery is now working well, and this measure
proposes no modification or addition that can, in
the least degree, impede its continued successful
operation.
Nor is it proposed by this measure, Mr. Presi-
dent, to repeal or interfere with any of that series
of laws which constitute the established policy of
the Government in respect to the disposition and
appropriation ofthe publiclands. The several stat-
utes which provide anil secure rights, privileges,
and benefits by means of donations, graduations,
and preemptions are, in express terms, left in full
force. Those who have already acquired inter-
ests and rights under these laws, will continue to
enjoy them as fully as they do at present. Those
who may hereafter desire to avail themselves of
the benefits and privileges of these laws, will do so
as completely as they could do now. The object
of the bill now before the Senate is in strict con-
formity with the policy of the graduation, dona-
tion, and preemption laws, and therefore does not
in nay way interfere with or disturb them.
The bill proposes no change in the established
policy of extending the no w surveys over the public
lands at a rate proportionate to the progressive
disposition thereof. On this subject the Secretary
Of the Interior, in his last report, makes the fol-
lowing remarks:
" As Congress has, for a aeries of years, sanctioned, by
its legislation, the extension of new surveys overtlic pub-
lic lands, at a rate pioportionate to the progressive di-po-i-
tion thereof, this basis lias been assumed m preparing and
submitting the estimates for the surveys to be made during
the next fiscal year.
"During the five quarters ending September 30, 3859,
16,618,183 acres of the public lands were disposed of;
4,970,500 acres were sold lor cash, yielding $-.2,107,476;
3,617,440 acres were located with bounty laud warrants;
1,713,940 acres worn approved to the several States entitled
to them, under the swamp grants ofMftrcha, 1849, and Sep-
tember 28,1850; and 6,3i8,203 acres certified to .states, as
falling to them under the grants for railroad purposes.
11 During the same period oftime, 13,817,521 acres were
surveyed and prepared for market, and 16,783,553 acres pro-
claimed and offered at public sale.
u The aggregate quantity of public land that has been sur-
veyed, butnot yet proclaimed or offered at public sale, was,
on the 30th of September, 1859, 56,970,941 acres; and the
estimated quantity which had been offered at public sale,
and remained subject to private entry at the various land
offices, was 80,000,000 acres."
It appears, from this statement, Mr. President,
that the entire area of the public lands subject to
private en try, and within which the present meas-
ure will operate, contains eighty million acres.
Of this quantity, I learn lay a letter from the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, that forty-four mil-
lion have been in market for from ten to thirty
years, and are therefore subject to entry under
the graduation law.
The statement of the Secretary of the Interior
further shows that the quantity of lands disposed
of for all purposes, during the last five quarters,
is sixteen million acres, or at the rate of twelve
million forthelastyear. Assuming that no change
should bo made in the laws, and that the opera-
tions of our land system during the past year
furnish a fair indication as to its future opera-
tions, the annual amounts of land surveyed and
disposed of would be twelve million acres. If
the present measure should become a law, these
amounts, to be annually surveyed and disposed of,
will be increased in proportion to the pxtent to
whicli they may increase settlements. We have
no data on which to estimate, with certainty, the
amount of the increased settlements. Any esti-
mate, therefore, must be conjectured. If we as-
sume that as many settlers will avail themselves
of this law as availed themselves during the past
year of the preemption law, the annual increase
of settlements will amount to about twenty thou-
sand families, requiring that number of quarter
sections, or about three million acres, for their
homesteads. Upon this estimate, which is en-
tirely conjectural, though high enough in my
judgment, it would be necessary to add about
three million acres to the annual amounts for sur-
vey and disposal; making in all the annual amount
of about fifteen and a half million acres. Upon
the same estimate this amount would be disposed
of as follows:
For cash  3,727,875 §1,580,607
For military bounties 2,713,080
For swamp lands  1,284,030
For railroads  4,738,650
For homesteads  3,200,000
Total 15,603,035 $1,580,607
I repeat, Mr. President, that this estimate is
made upon the assumption that the operations of
our system of land laws for the past year furnish
a fair guide in judging of their operations here-
after, and upon the further conjecture that, if
the present bill passes, its provisions will induce
twenty thousand heads of families, annually, to
seek its benefits. I will have occasion hereafter
tQ state more fully the reasons on which I adopt
this estimate as to the increase of settlements un-
der the influence of the pending measure. For the
present, I adopt and present it by way of illus-
trating the practical working of the policy on
which the present measure is based. It is appar-
ent that, upon the usual estimate of five individ-
uals to a family, the Government will by this bill
furnish homes annually to one hundred thousand
persons; and that, without any other change in
our land policy, we have public land sufficient to
furnish homes to a like number annually for a
hundred years to come. And this, too, contem-
plates the continuance of the grants under our do-
nation, graduation,preemption, swamp, railroad,
and military bounty laws at the same rate at which
they were made during the past year.
But, Mr. President, we are met here with the in-
terrogatory: have we the constitutional authority
to enact the provisions of this bill into a law?
Have we the right, in other words, to withdraw,
from market and sale annually three million acres
of the public domain, to bo appropriated to home-
steads for twenty thousand families, upon the sole
consideration of actual occupancy and cultivation
of their respective quarter sections during a pe-
riod of five years ? This question is entirely per-
tinent, and if it cannot be answered satisfactorily
in the affirmative the bill ought to be rejected. I
shall proceed, therefore, to state the grounds on
whicli my own mind reposes, upon the conviction
that the bill is not only in perfect harmony with
our existing land policy, but entirely consistent
with the Constitution
In discussing the powers of Congress over the
public lands, it is customary, Mr. President, to
look alone to the clause, in the Constitution which
confers upon Congress power to dispose of and
to make all needful rules and regulations in re-
spect to the territory. So far as those lands are
concerned, which had been ceded to the United
States at the time the Constitution was formed, or
whicfi were then expected to bo soon ceded, no
doubt can be entertained that this clause was in-
tended to confer on Congress its powers for their
disposition and government. But in construing
this clause, with a view of ascertaining the char-
acter and extent of the powers conferred, it is
necessary to consider the language of the Consti-
tution, in connection with the terms contained in
the deeds of cession. It is matter of history that
these cessions grew out of a serious controversy
among those States which had no waste lands
within their limits and those which had, as to the
disposition which ought to be made of them at
the close of the revolutionary war. The question
was, whether they should be the exclusive prop-
erty of the States within whose limits they were
situated, or whether they should be regarded as
common property of all the States, upon the
ground that they had been acquired in a common
cause, and by the joint toils and sacrifices and
expenditures of all the States. The fact that all
of the States were heavily burdened with the rev-
olutionary debt, gave to the controversy its chief
interest. To cpiiet the dispute, the Congress of
the Confederation, in 1780, recommended to the
States within whose geographical boundaries the
waste lands were situated to cede and relinquish
their claims to the United States, to be "disposgfi
of for the common benefit of the United States,
and be settled and formed into distinct republican
States," &c. Virginia took the lead in respond-
ing to this recommendation. As the terms em-
ployed in her deed of cession were substantially
followed by the other States in making their ces-
sions, it will answer my purpose to quote only
from the Virginia deed of cession, made in 1784.
The language of that deed was, that the lands
ceded—
" Shall be considered a common fund for the use and
benefit of such of the United States as have become, or
shall become, members of the Confederation or Federal
alliance of said States, Virginia inclusive, and shall he faith-
fully and bona fide disposed of for that purpose, and for no
other use or purpose whatever."
The necessary legal effect of this deed, as well
as of the others afterwards executed by the other
States, was to vest the title of the lands in the
United States, as a trustee for the use and benefit
of all the States. The objects of the trust are dis-
tinctly enumerated: the lands were to constitute
a common, fund; and were to be faithfully disposed
of for that purpose; that is, for raising a common
fund, and for no other use or purpose whatever;
and in due time, after settlements should be made
thereon, they were to be formed into States, and
be admitted as such into the Confederation. The
paramount consideration that gave interest to the
original controversy, was the supposed money
value of the lands, m connection with the heavy
pecuniary embarrassments under which the States
were all laboring. Hence the leading idea in the
deed of cession looks to the money value of the
lands; they were to be a common fund; they were
to be faithfully disposed of for the purpose of a
common fund—and for no other use or purpose
whatever but a commoTifund.
It was to authorize the new Government to ex-
ecute the trusts raised in the cession deeds, that
Congress was vested with power to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory; and for ascertaining the nature
and extent of the po%ver, the language of the deeds
of cession furnishes the true exposition. This
clause, construed in connection with the cession
deed, would read: "The Congress shall have
power to dispose of and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory," for the
purpose of raising a common fund for the use and
benefit of all the States. It is thus conclusively
shown, that the first great object of the deeds of
cession, and of the clause in the Constitution made
to enable C(?8gress to execute the trusts, was the
raising of revenue by selling the lands, and that
the encouragement of settlements with a view to
the early formation of States was then a second-
ary object.
In this view of the objects of the cessions and
the power of Congress under the territorial clause
of the Constitution, I am fully sustained by the
Supreme Court, in the late Dred Scott case. The
following extracts from the opinion of the Court
bear directly on the subject.
Speaking of the cession by Virginia, the Chief
Justice says:
" The only object of the State in making this cession
was to put an end to the threatening and exciting contro-
versy, and to enable the Congress of that time to dispose of
the lands, and to appropriate the proceeds aa a common
fund for the common benefit of tile States."
Again:
" The example of Virginia was soon afterwards followed
by other States.", *   *   "The main ob-
ject for which these cessions were desired and made, was
on account of their money value, and to put an end to a
dangerous controversy, as to who was entitled to the pro-
ceeds when the lands should he sold."
Speaking of the territorial clause in the Consti-
tution, he says:
" It begins its enumeration of powers by that of dispos-
ing—m other words, making sale of the lands, or raising
money from them, which, as we have already said, was the
mam object of the cession, and which is accordingly the
first thing provided for in the article."
It would be difficult, Mr. President, if not im-
possible, to reconcile much of our legislation in
regard to the public lands to this construction of
