1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
authorized to cauae to be constructed, equipped, and armed
for the Navy, as early as may be consistent with economy
and efficiency, seven screw sloops-of-war, not exceeding
fouiteeu feet in draught, to be employed in the suppression
of the slave trade.
Mr. IVERSON. I raise a point of order. Does
the Senator from Massachusetts withdraw the
original amendment?
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw the amend-
ment that I originally made, if I have the liberty
to do so, with the understanding that this is to be
adopted.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand the state of the
question to be this; the Senator from Massachu-
setts offered an amendment to the original bill
appropriating §300,000 for this purpose.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw it. If this
proposition is adopted, very well; if not, I shall
renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts can be
withdrawn by unanimous consent, the yeas and
nays having been ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I object.
Mr. IVERSON. Then the state of the casc'is
this: the Senator from Massachusetts offered his
original proposition to appropriate §300,000 for
the construction of three vessels of war, for the
purchase of steamers to be used in the suppres-
sion of the African slave trade. To that amend-
ment I understand the Senator from Florida has
offered an amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. A substitute.
Mr. IVERSON. That is in the light of an
amendment—a substitute for the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts; and now the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts presents another amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Flor-
ida. That is out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. That is my proposition, to
amend the substitute of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. I accepted it.
Mr. SEWARD. I believe that is in order.
Mr. PUGH. I objected to the withdrawal of
the proposition of the Senator from Massachu-
setts; for, if we are to engage in th is business, I pre-
fer to take the smallest dose. It has ended pre-
cisely where I expected. It began with three ships
and $300,000, under the pretense of the slave trade.
It has now gone to seven ships and $1,000,000. I
believed from the first that it all meant ships and
money. It has oo more to do with the African
slave tiade than anything else. I think we have
spent enough money on the Navy, certainly for
the service it has rendered; and for one I shall vote
against building a single ship under any pretense
at all.
Mr. BROWN. It seems to me that gentlemen
are disposed rather to pile up the agony on us.
It is bad enough to ask us to vote three ships to
suppress the African slave trade; but then, in two
hours and a half, to pile it up to seven, and seri-
ously expect us to go for it, seems to mo to be ago-
nizing. I am not going to vote forseven,northree,
nor one, nor one solitary dollar out of the na-
tional Treasury, to suppress the African slave
trade,any further than is necessary to redeem our
treaty obligations; and at the very instant when
I get an opportunity of escaping from the obliga-
tions imposed upon us by treaties, I will do it.
Gentlemen may make some political capital at
home out of this question of the African slave
trade, but it is humbug capital; it is a kind of
capital which no statesman ought be proud of.
Mr. CAMERON. Nobody wants to.
Mr. BROWN. Then why thrust it upon us
every day, and almost every hour ? There is not
a sensible member—there is not a member at all,
because we are all sensible—there is'notaRepub-
lican Senator on this floor who will lay his hand
upon his heart and say that he thinks there is any
inhumanity m bringing these Africans from then-
own country to Cuba, to Brazil, and very much
less to our own shores. Why, then, all this out-
cry against the African slave trade? I protest, as
other Senators have done, coming as I do from
one of the largest slaveholding States of this
Union, that we do not want these people mingled
with our slaves. Ours have already been civil-
ized; they have already been Christianized; they
have reached a high state of moral and social ex-
istence. We do not want to debase them by
mingling these people with them.
It~is rt mere mockery for gentlemen to pretend
that they think the southern people ars desirous
of reopening the African slave trade, and there-
fore that it is necessary to tax the national Treas-
ury to any extent for the purpose of stopping us.
We will do no such thing. Let Yankee cupidity-,
let that cupidity of which the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] spoke to-day, curb itself,
and there will be no slaves imported into our
country. _ Those in the Southern States in favor
of reopening this traffic are a mere handful com-
pared with the great mass of the people. My
own State, within the last five years, has passed
laws even more stringent than yours against the
trade, denouncingit; denouncing penalties against
those who should introduce these people into our
State. We did it in none of this feeling ot-sym-
pathy for the Africans. We knew then, as you
and I know to-day, that these people are better
off here than they are at home. It is a blessing
to them to bring them here; but I am not in favor
of having my country turn universal philanthro-
pist to take charge of the morality and the piety
of all mankind. Let the African stay in his na-
tive jungle, and Set him not be brought hereto
mingle with our slaves and demoralize and debase
them.
I am against that; but if I felt as you do, that it
was necessary to go out upon these expeditions,
hunting all over theworld for objects upon which
1 could lavish my philanthropy', I would go for
reopening the African slave trade. If I felt, as the
Senator from Massachusetts docs, that it was a
part of my mission to relieve the distresses of
these people, I would go to the Legislature of
Massachusetts, and say, "if you mean to be kind
to the Africans, let us bring them and mingle
them with onr population." Take them to Mas-
sachusetts; apprentice them to honest occupa-
tions; take them to your churches—I mean to the
best of your churches. I do not think 1 would
take them to those churches where they would
be taught that abolition was all right; because
that is all wrong, and they would relapse into
barbarism. If there are any southern churches—
any churches that teach the true faith—take them
there; learn them to know that slavery is the
proper condition of the black man; that he has
prospered m a higher degiee m that condition
than in any other; where you have three millions
pointed out to you as the highest example of ne-
gro prosperity 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi give way to the Senator
from New Hampshire?
Mr. HALE. I simply wanted to inform the
Senator that he could find good orthodox churches
in the eastern States that do not teach abolition-
ism, but go quite as strong as he docs the other
way; and he can find them at Boston, too [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BPtOWN. I dare say, a few of them.
They are Democratic preachers, are they not?
Mr. HALE. South side preachers. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BROWN. Well, Mr. President, I do not
intend to prolong this debate. I interfered more
with a view of asking Senators to vote, and be
done with this subject, than any other purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Florida to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. GREEN. I do not know, in parliament-
ary law, any such process as a substitute for an
amendment. There may be a substitute for an
original proposition, and that substitute is sus-
ceptible of amendment, and the original insuscep-
tible of amendment; but when an amendment it-
self is proposed to the oiigmal proposition, you
cannot move a substitute to that proposed amend-
ment. You must first take the vote on the pro-
posed amendment. If it is voted down, then the
other can be m order; but you cannot substitute
another proposition for an amendment which is
applied to an original proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. GREEN. State, then, the condition of
the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Florida to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. GREEN. That is in too remote a degree.
If the Senator from Massachusetts moved atf
amendment, and the Senator from Florida moved
his to the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts—if a substitute is an amendment also
—that is in the last degree, and now another
amendment to that amendment would not be re-
ceived. But the truth is, a substitute to an amend-
ment is not within the whole province of parlia-
mentary tactics.
Mr. WILSON. Is it not in order for me to
accept the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Florida in lieu of my own?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Byunanimous
consent only. The Senate having ordered the
yeas and nays upon the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, it is no longer under
his personal control.
Mr. SEWARD. I'hope we shall have the yeas
and nays on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Florida; which, in the opinion of the Chair,
is in order to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion ?
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I understand the question to
be on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Florida.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To fhe amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SEWARD. With the amendment which
I proposed to it—that they shall be employed for
the African slave trade.
Mr. PUGH. I believe I objected to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdrawing his propo-
sition and accepting this; but I would just as lief
have the whole thing disposed of; and 1 will with-
draw my objection, and let the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offer that as his proposition, and hava
one vote on it and end it.
Mr. WILSON. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment, and will offer this one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts proposes to withdraw his
amendment. It can only be done byunanimous
consent.
Mr. HARLAN. 'I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it can-
not be withdrawn.
Mr. KING. I should like to have the propo-
sition that is now to be voted on read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. IVERSON. I merely wish to say that I'
am opposed to both propositions. I shall vote
against the proposition of the Senator from Flor-
ida, and then if that is adopted, I shall vote against
it in its original shape as well as an amendment;
and if that is rejected, I shall vote against the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
make this simple statement to place myself right
on the record. Otherwise, my vole might be mis-
understood.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to make a speech,
but simply to say that I think we have increased
the Navy enough, and this is anotherdeviceto in-
crease it by seven permanent steamships. I shall
vote against it.
Mr. IIAJILAN. I wish merely to say that I
am willing'to vote $300,000 for this purpose, but I
am not willing to vote §1,000,000. Hence, 1 shall
vote against the amendment now pending, and
vote for the original proposition of the Senater
from Massachusetts.
Mr. DUIIKEE. I desire to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Georgia, [JVJr.
Toombs.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have paired off with
the Senjtor from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who
is now on a committee of conference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Foster, Grimes, King, Mallnry, Seward, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Thomson, Wade, ami Wilson—14.
3VAY>S—Messrs. Bin«liam. Biagg, P.rown, Chesnut, Crit-
tenden, Fitzpairiek, Green, Gwin, Hale, Hemphill, Hunter,
•Ivexon, Johnson ot'Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Niejiolson, Pearce, Polk, Bowell, Pugh, Rice, bebastian,
VVigfafi, and Yuiee—2o.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
