1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
for internal improvements, for the reclamation of
swamps, and for the construction of railroads and
public buildings. These grants were made with-
out compensation, or a money equivalent; the
Government received no money for them, al-
though, in the aggregate, they amount to more
than one hundred and fifty million acres. The
question arises: on what principle has the trustee
given away an amount of the trust property,
which, at the minimum price, would have brought
into the Treasury nearly two hundred million
dollars? The answer given is, that the principle
on which this policy has been inaugurated and
sanctioned is, that the United States, as proprie-
tor, receives, from the application of the grants
to the prescribed uses, a compensation in the en-
hanced value and salablencss of the remaining
lands. Upon an allegation of waste against the
trustee for having disposed of the trust property
without a money equivalent, this answer would
probably be deemed sufficient, especially if the
fact were shown that the remaining lands were
enhanced in value and salableness sufficiently to
compensate for those given away. To my mind,
however, the answer would have been greatly
strengthened, if it had proceeded to state that the
lands were acquired to be peopled and formed into
States; that so long as the trust continued, itwas
the duty of the trustee to adopt the measures ne-
cessary and proper to gather population on the
lands; that the granting of donations for schools,
for internal improvements, for the reclamation of
uninhabitable swamps, and for the construction
of railroads and public buildings, wjre obviously
necessary and proper means to induce settlements
on the public lands, and thus to execute and carry
out the leading object of the trust; and that the
results had fully demonstrated the wisdom of the
policy. Such an answer, with the additional
statement that the remaining and adjoining lands
had been enhanced in value and salablencss,
would be conclusive as to the fidelity of the trus-
tee.
The graduation and preemption laws stand with
equal firmness on the principle that they were
necessary and proper means for carrying out the
object for which the lands were acquired. If the
raising of revenue was the chief purpose to be ac-
complished in disposing of the public lands, it
would be exceedingly difficult to comprehend the
political ethics which would cxcuse a trustee for
assuming that lands that have been in market
thirty years are worth only twelve and a half
cents an acre, when the minimum price as to other
lands subject to private entry, but which have
not been in market ten years, is §1 25. I object to
the reason for the policy, and not to the policy
itself. Put it upon the ground that the great ob-
ject is to induce settlemcn ts of the public lands, and
not to raise revenue from them, and then the policy
rests on a principle which requires no apology for
adopting it. The preemption law grants peculiar
privileges to preemptors. It authorizes them to fol-
low on theheels of the surveyor,and to make selec-
tions of the choice lands, to hold, improve, and cul-
tivate them, or to assign away their preemption
claims, up to the day when thelandsare proclaimed
and offered for sale. The Secretary of the Interior,
■wisely as I think, recommends that they have two
years from the date of their entries for payment.
This policy has my cordial approval; it had my
support nineteen years ago, m this body. The
Secretary of the Interior has well said that " the
advantages and profits arising from the first set-
tlement of a new country ought to be enjoyed by
the early settlers. They have peculiar hardships
and privations to undergo, especial dangers and
labors to encounter. The law does not contem-
plate that they shall have any competition, except
from other actual settlers, in selecting the most
fertile lands and the choicest locations." This
is all well and truly said, but does it furnish a suffi-
cient reason for granting the privilege of securing,
without competition, lands worth ten or twenty
dollars an acre, at the price of $1 25, if revenue,
or a money equivalent, is the maSn object to be
looked to in disposing of the lands ? Upon the hy-
pothesis that the settlement of the lands is the main
object, and the raising of revenue merely a second-
ary consideration, the reasons of the Secretary
for granting this valuable preference to the pio-
neers, and of now proposing to enlarge it, arc
amply sufficient. They place the law on the prin-
ciple that the trustee is in the discharge of his duty
when he adopts measures so manifestly necessary
and proper in carrying outthe objects of the trust.
It remains now, Mr. President, for me to show
that the bill before the Senate stands upon the
same principle on which the entire system of laws,
constituting our present land policy, is sustained
and justified. The direct, immediate, and only
object sought to be accomplished by the bill, is
the gathering on the public lands of population,
with the view of forming new States. The Con-
stitution was formed upon the assumption that
the formation and admission of new States were
great objects, calculated to promote the prosper-
ity, happiness, and greatness of the Federal Re-
public. It was for these purposes, and these alone,
that our Federal system was endowed with the
power of expansion. This measure, like all the
others embraced in our system of land laws, looks
to the accomplishment of these cardinal constitu-
tional objects. After the preemptors have made
their selections, and after the purchasers at the
public sales have made their investments, an in-
vitation is extended to all heads of families to
make homes on the unappropriated odd sections,
subject to private entry; and, as an inducement
to do, so, a title in fee is tendered to a quarter sec-
tion, upon the condition of five years' occupancy
and cultivation. If it be objected, that the meas-
ure yields no revenue to the Government, I an-
swer, in the first place, that occupancy and culti-
vation of the soil, with a view to new States and
not revenue, are the great constitutional objects
to be accomplished. In the second place, that no
revenue is derived from the grants for railroads, in-
ternalimprovements,public buildings, and swamp
lands, though more than one hundred and fifty
million acres have been thus disposed of. In the
third place, that whilst no present revenue is de-
rived from the homestead bill, nor from the grants
for the several objects just enumerated, yet, in
all these cases, the necessary consequence is, such
an increase of population and application of labor
and industry in developing the resources of the
soil, as to enable the population to treble and quad-
ruple at an early day, their ability to use and en-
joy articles from which revenue is derived; and in
that way to constitute each one of the series of
acts a fruitful measure of revenue. In the fourth
place, that whilst neither the homestead bill nor
either of the other Pleasures produces present rev-
enue, yet they all have a direct and necessary tend-
ency to enhance the value and salablencss of the
remaining and adjacent lands. And, m the last
place, that the receipts from graduation, preemp-
tion, and private entries, and from public sales,
(these being the only sources from which land
revenues is now derived,) arc not interfered with
by the bill, except as to the odd sections subject
to private entry; its only effect being to appropri-
ate these odd sections as homesteads for a class of
settlers who would never be purchasers for cost,
and therefore producing no diminution in the pres-
ent land revenues. On the score of policy, there-
fore, no distinction can be drawn between the bill
now before the Senate and the other measures of
the land system, and, on the score of principle,
they all rest firmly together on the same consti-
tutional platform.
But, Mr. President, it does not necessarily fol-
low that the bill before the Senate should be passed
into a law, because wo have the constitutional
power to pass it. I acknowledge the necessity,
therefore, of showing that its passage will pro-
mote and advance the public interest.
I have made the conjectural estimate, that under
the provisions of this measure, twenty thousand
families would be annually induced to emigrate
from the States to the public lands to become free-
holders. Tile inducements held out are certainly
not so great as to produce any very extensive ex-
odus from the old States. These inducements
are coupled with necessary privations, sacri-
fices, dangers, and toils, in making settlements
in a new country, which will deter most of those
who now have comfortable means of subsistence
from changing their habitations. It must be kept
in mind, that the boon offered is only one hun-
dred and sixty acres of wild land, worth no more
than two hundred dollars. To make it comfort-
able as a home, much labor must be expended, to
say nothing of the hardships and sufferings to be
encoun'ered. The real enjoyments of independ-
ent freeholders can be secured only after years
of toilsome industry and close economy. Such
considerations will operate to repel the families
now in independent circumstances, as well as
those who lack the energy and enterprise to tear
themselves away from a condition of dependence
andpoverty. There are none of the attractions of
sudden wealth to be realized in this measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will suspend his remarks. It becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up at this hour the specjfd
order, which is the bill (S. No. 230) for carrying
into effect the ninth article of the treaty of 1819,
between the United States and Spain, and that
bill is now before the Senate, unless some motion
to postpone be made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope that
proposition will be waived until my colleague has
concluded his speech.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose my friend from
Tennessee will take but a short time to finish his
remarks.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I shall occupy but about
half an hour more.
Mr. TOOMBS. The bill can be passed ovet
informally until the Senator has concluded, pro-
vided it does not lose its priority. I shall not
object to that.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection to allow-
ing the special order to be passed over informally
for a few minutes, or half an hour, so that it shall
not lose its place, with a view to allow the Sen-
ator from Tennessee to conclude his speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
considered as the sense of the Senate unless ob-
jected to.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I am very much obliged
to Senators for allowing me to conclude my re-
marks.
It promises homes to those who have the cour-
age to encounter the sacrifices and dangers of a
frontier life, and who have the industry to seek
for ultimate comfort and independence in the path
of labor and privation.' Few of those who crowd
our cities, the victims of want and misery, will
ever be induced by the bill to surrender the habits
which enslave them to a life of precarious subsist-
ence in order to secure its benefits. Wherever
capital presses too heavily upon labor, some will
possess the necessary energy and courage to avail
themselves of the inducements of the measure.
In every State will be found, here and there,
families in necessitous circumstances willing to
respond to the invitation. Under the stronger
inducements held out by the preemption policy,
the number of preemptors for the last year was
about twenty thousand. Under all the circum-
stances, and inasmuch as the last year was marked
by very little of the land speculation mania, I
have ventured to take this number as a criterion
by which to estimate the operation of the home-
stead bill. Will the annual transfer of twenty
thousand families, embracing probably one hun-
dred thousand individuals from the old States,
where their labor is now producing a scanty sub-
sistence, to the public lands, where their labor
will be employed in developing their rich re-
sources, be productive of bcneficial results to the
country? Ifitbetrue—anditwillnotbedoubted—
that the ties which bind us to homes and firesides
that are our own strengthen the bonds which
attach us to our country and our Government, it
is a matter of no small moment to inaugurate a
measure which, in a single decade of years, ele-
vates two hundred thousand families, embracing
one million souls, from a condition of depend-
ent labor to a dignity and independence and love
of country which characterize the landholder.
They become better citizens in time of peace,
make better soldiers in time of war, and rear up
families with sentiments of ardent devotion to the
Government which has contributed so materially
to rescue them from their former dependent con-
dition. But to appreciate properly the public
benefits of this policy, we should be able to call
up and pass in review the results of ten years
of labor and industry by the twenty thousand
families annually availing themselves of the law.
We are all too familiar with the astonishing
results already produced by our system of en-
couraging the settlement of the public lands, to
render it necessary for me to attempt such a re-
view. It will be sufficient for my purpose to*
remark that, as these families progress in improv-
ing their homes and condition, they become con-
tributors of the revenue of the Government, by
