204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
thing is to pass over. I believe it, because I have
ever believed, and do still believe, that this con-
tinent has a great and glorious destiny. From
three million people, at the time of the Revolution,
we have risen to over thirty million, and from no !
tonnage at that time, or scarcely any, to over five
million; we have risen to $160,000,000 of com-
merce, the products pf the South alone. We have
risen from thirteen to thirty-four States, and all
our vast Territories. Such is the progress which
we have made, and with such a state of things,
with the experiment of our government fairly tried;
with the evidence before the world thatourConsti-
tution is a perfect one; with our State governments
guarantying the rights of their respective constit-
uents; with such a commerce; with such glory in
arts, science and agriculture, as well as in com-
merce and arms—why is it that in such a state
of prosperity, you cannot content yourselves?
Let this slavery question go where it belongs—to
the localities in which it exists. Let climate, soil,
. and products, settle this thing as it has settled it
in all past time.
Need I talk to you ubcait Abolitionists? All the
Abolitionists in the world cannot keep slavery
from a Territory where it belongs. Send Aboli-
tionists to a Territory where African slavery is
profitable, and the first thing those devils do is
to get slaves themselves, and they are the only
hard masters that live upon earth. We live with
the slaves, and we know their value. When they
are sick we nurse them, when they arc old we
pension them, and our children go regularly on
the Sabbath to teach them the Bible—not the anti-
slavery Bible, but God's Bible—-just as regularly
as the Sabbath comes. The slaves are united
with us in interest; and I thank Mr. Cass for say-
ing that the only relation which existed was that
of a patriarch and his family. If you do not be-
lieve that, just come and see for yourselves. But
1 would not advise you gentlemen who signed a
recommendation for the circulation of the Helper
pamphlet to come. [Laughter.] In every church
in our country, provision is made for the accom-
modation of the blacks, and there is not one of
us who own slaves who does not provide preach-
ing for them. Then why do you not let us alone'
Now, sir, what will you do with thefh when
you get them ? You do not want them. 1 do not
make any reproaches. 1 do not stand here to
bring any disgrace upon you, or to taunt you with
anything, except what you have done in indorsing
and circulating the Impending Crisis. But \ ad-
vise you to get out of this difficulty. You talk
about our slaves and about our overseers, while
you are this day under more abject control—that
of Horace Greeley—than any oV our servants are
upon any plantation; he orders, you obey; he
announces, you follow; lie dictates, you carry out.
If, then, you would get rid of rcoponsibiliiy for
the evils menaced, if you would not be consid-
ered accessories before theftet, 1 advise you to
come forward and defend yourselves.
As I said at the outset, Air. Clerk, it was not
my intention to say anything to annoy any gen-
tleman ori this door, except the telling of the truth,
which is sustained by the record. Do not the re-
corded truths I have submitted fully sustain all I
have said ? I tender my thanks to the House for the
patience with which it has listened to my remarks.
Air. COBB. I do not intend, Mr. Clerk, to oc-
cupy the door of the House except for a very
short period. The lapse of time, since this ses-
sion commenced, admonishes me not to make a
long speech; but silence seems not to have become
a virtue on this occasion.
i came here at the commencement of the ses-
sion with a paper which I intended to bring to
the attention of my brethren on the other side of
the House. I intended to ask them whether they
entertained the sentiments therein imputed to
them. But before [ could succeed in obtaining
the floor, my distinguished fiicnd from Missouri
[Air. Clark] obtained the floor, and, through a
resolution, propounded certain interrogatories.
True, 1 felt myself humiliated when I found that,
after thirteen years*service in this House, 1 could
not get the lioor. When my eye first fell upon
that article 1 did not believe it. Still, I felt it my
duty to ask my friends on the other side whether
they were willing to bestow equal rights on all
sections of the country, or whether they would
withdraw social and commercial fellowship from
us. But. I need not*now talk to them any more,
I need not talk to my people any more, about the
value of the Union or about love to our common
country. Sir, I have fought the battles of union
at home. I have fought, battled, against the wild-
estfanaticism of disunion sentiments; and, thank
God, I have triumphed. But these strong arms
of mine, and this iron will within me, now sink.
Did I believe, when I was canvassing last sum-
mer, and when I took positions that"*I had taken
before, that sixty-odd members of the House of
Representatives were recommending a book to be
circulated among my people, which would prove
destructive not only to me and my wife—1 was
going to say my children, but, unfortunately, I
cannot use tkese sweet tones—could I have said
what I did say ? I want to perpetuate this glorious
Union; not for my children, but for your children
and your children's children. How shall it be
done? Can it be done? Will it be done ? land
my people love the Union and desire its perpet-
uation; but let me tell you, Air. Clerk, and through
you the Opposition party, and through them the
country, that if they entertain the sentiments pro-
mulgated in the book from which extracts have
been read, and which is known as the Helper
book, then the Union is now dissolved. Talk to
me about a Union when we have no communion !
What would it be worth to you or me or to your
children ?
I want merely to say a few practical words. I
do not intend to make a speech. I do not intend
to allude to the questions wluch will be before the
House, if we have the good fortune to organize
before the termination of the Congtess. I do not
intend to allude to the slavery question, or to the
beneficent effect of slave labor upon our northern
biethren. I do not intend to enter into a particular
defense of that institution, though it has been as-
sailed by some from the time of our fathers down
to this hour; but I will tell you that these veiy
negroes that you are attempting to emancipate are
the producers of cotton to the value of $.161,000,000
per annum. I do intend to tell the country that
there is a large portion of the people of the North
who are dependent on the very products of slave
labor; I do intend to tell my people that, in cor-
respondence with a gentleman in Lowell, Massa-
chusetts, who wrote to ask me how many hands
were required to make a certain number of bales
of cotton, I told lnni ninety-three thousand hands
were required to make that number; and he told
me, in response, that it took that number of bales
of cotton to support the citizens of Lowell alone—
that one town in the State of Massachusetts. You,
then, my countrymen of Massachusetts, and par-
ticularly of Lowell, are living on the labor of
ninety-three thousand slaves! Will you do it
longer? Will you go on preaching abolitionism,
and subscribing money to promote it, when really
you are absolutely enabled to make such subscrip-
tion from the result of slave labor alone?
I will allude, also, to another thing, end I want
to see the distinguished candidate for the Speak-
ership on the other side of the House. He has
not fled, t am sure his valor is too great for that.
I want to tell him of the effect of the Helper book in
my immediate vicinity, and of your Harper's Ferry
insurrection. I want to tell him thatyourCheever
meetings of a few Abolitionists—for let us be as
charitable as possible, for we cannot suppose that
the large body of the northern people arc Aboli-
tionists—I want to tell him that my people have
heard all these things from the North: everything
that could be promulgated from your pulpits; unci
yet the ministers in my country bowed at the
throne of God every Sabbath day. to pray for the
perpetuation of this Union, founded upon equal
rightsand the Constitution ofourcountry. 1 want
to tell him that they have risen from that sanctified
spot; they have laid aside their robes, and are read v,
as I am informed, to take up arms for the defense
of that Constitution, which they say must be faith-
fully observed befoie they can pray for it.
Let me say, further, that these things heretofore
have had but little effect, because my people had
such abiding confidence m the conservative por-
tions of the North that they believed the day was
not far distant when the good men, the righteous
men, the honorable men, the men that love their
country more than party, would rise up and re-
buke this spirit of abolitionism. Aitnd, 1 am
against Abolitionists, and if you are Abolitionists
I am against yon. I say that all these things
passed without much excitement; but when it
was promulgated in my country that seventy-odd
members of Congress—able men, men distin-
guished at home for their worth and ability—had
signed such a book as we have heard extracts
read from here, day after day, why they said that
it was time to begin to think "what was the matter
Now, I want to talk to the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, face to face. I want him to
stand before and listen to the appeal that I shall
make to him. I do not see him here. Well, if
I cannot reach him, let me appeal to those who
stand behind him saying 44 Sherman ornobody."
Gentlemen, let me ask you what you are going
to do? Suppose you put Air. Sherman in that
chair—it is a very improbable supposition, but
suppose you put him there—what will be the
effect upon the country? Why, I have informa-
tion that it is said in my own country that they
will wait no longer for a dissolution of the Union.
Now, I am speaking for a people who have al-
ways been for the Union. In 1849, 1 introduced
the first series of resolutions in*o this House, pro-
posing to raise a joint committee on the part of
the Senate and the House to adjust the difficulties
that then existed. When I introduced those res-
olutions, Mr. Aleade, of Virginia, rose and stated
that he desired to debate them, and they accord-
ingly went over; and ten days thereafter, similar
resolutions were mtioduced in the Senate. I have
been called a compromise man; but I am address-
ing you now as one who has done with compro-
mises, excepting the compromises of the Consti-
tution. I struggled then to settle this slavery
question. I have seen it settled, and harmony
apparently restored. Shall Hive Jong enough in
public lift- to see it settled again ? I hope I shall.
T sec the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
now. Will he allow me, as an old man, to ad-
dress a few words to him ? Let me ask him: Do
you love your country? Do you assent to it? He
gives me a little nod. [Laughter.] If he had asked
me if I loved my country, I would have done
something more than to bow. I have nothing
against you personally more than I have against,
any other man of your party. I am not ready to
believe that all of you are. corrupt. Then, let me
appeal to you first, and then I will appeal to others.
You love your country; you have naif-way said
it. Shall 1 repeat it, and let it go to your friends
in ray speech, that you love your country? He
says 44 yes." Well, I love my country, and I tell
you that if I were placed in that chair by accla-
mation, I would take it as a national man. Can
you do the same > Now, it is true that you have
said you deprecate certain things contained in the
Helper book; but you have not said that you dep-
recate the whole book. If you had, then we
eouid have understood you. I am told that you
do not deprecate the sentiments generally of that,
book, and that the sentiments expressed m the
compend may be taken as an indication of the
sentiments of the whole work. Do I believe that?
If I did, so help me God, you should neverosccnd
that chair. 1 ask you, then, to get om of tlvway,
and let a conservative man be elected, [laughter, |
and let us organize the House and go to work. I
appeal to you, then, to get out of the way. You
hate, perhaps, mail contractors m your district;
we have not many in nunc; but there are some
that have not the means of going forward unless
they are enabled to i^et their pay from the Gov-
ernment. They ore having their paper shaved at
a ]?.^e dwount. Then, I say. will you standout.
as;:unsf an oigaui/.aiion of this House, and permit
these men to submit to a shave of from fifteen to
'i twentv percent.: if you love yourcountry,and
'f von Republican cvntlemen love your country,
■ will you sfaud out longer, and require these indi-
; vidrals thus longer to suffer? Then, 1 ask you
to r;et out of '\'k> way [Laughter.] But if you
;j will not, then I appeal to the Republican mem-
' beis to unite with us. [f you do not like the
distinguished champion who has borne, our flag,
but under whoso chart we hme not yet been able
to sail into the desired port, I say to you that we
have abandoned him,andareat sea again; but that
we have many charts, and we shall endeavor to
find a chart that will bring us safely into port.
Then I ask you to get out of the way. [Re-
newed laughter ]
I am no candidate for the Speakership; I want
an organization of the House, so that these men
may get their honest dues; those who are, per-
haps, now starving because of the non-action of
