2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
ported the bill with the amendment that has been
read, and unanimously recommend its passage.
Mr. HALE. What does he receive now ?
Mr. LANE. The committee fixed the salary
at §500 less than was provided for in the bill as I
introduced it, and it is a salary certainly as low
as any man can discharge the duties of that office
for.
Mr. HALE. The question that I ask the Sen-
ator is, what is the salary now ?
Mr. LANE. I did not understand the question.
The salary now, by law, is fixed at $3,500. I
will say to the Senator, however, that a bill passed
the Senate, just at the close of the last session,
fixing the salary at $3,500; but it was reduced m
the House at so late a day that we had no time to
correct it and have it passed.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Oregon
allow me to ask him what is the highest salary
paid to the judges of the supreme court of Ore-
gon ? I mean the State judges.
Mr. LANE. Under the State constitution?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. I believe §2,500.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to this increase.
We had this whole subject up a few years ago,
and the salaries were fixed. There have been
various attempts by this sort oflcgislation to make
special provisions for different judges. This sal-
ary is higher than that which is paid to many
judges on this side of the Ilocky Mountains, and
by a recent act of Congress the circuit judge has
a right to order these district judges all over the
country, and by virtue of that law the judge of
the district court of Vermont, 1 see, lias lately
been holding court in the city of New York. It
is frequently the case that the district judges of
Maine and New Hampshire are ordered to Boston
to hold courts. They are liable to travel all over
the country, and their salary is much less than
the district judge of Oregon is receiving now, who
is simply confined to his own State, and holds
his court in two places. I think that when this
subject is arranged there should be a general sys-
tem, and I am opposed to making an individual
exception, and raising the salary of a particular
judge in this way. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $3,000, and leaving the sal-
ary as it is now, $2,500.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire is entirely mistaken when he says no judge
east of the mountains gets as much as ^3,000.
Mr. 1IALE. 1 should have been mistaken if
I had safd so; but I never said so.
Mr. GREEN. I certainly so understood the
Senator. If lliey do get it, is that any reason why
the judges on the other side of the mountains
should not have it, if there is the same necessity
for it' He either denied it or he did not. If he
did not deny it, then if 1 can show thd same neces-
sity for it on the other side of the mountains, of
rourse lie will go for it.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to
state what I did say? I said it was more than
several of the judges m the eastern States received;
and that those judges were compelled by law to
travel all over the circuit; and were not confined
to then own district; in virtue of which the dis-
trict judge of Vermont, 1 think, is now holding
court ill the city of New York.
Mr. GREEN. The late judge of Vermont did
perform duty in the city oi" New York, and in
consequence of it an application was made here
to raise bis salary.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. That was Judge Ingersoll, of Connecti-
cut.
Mr. GREEN. I meant Connecticut.
Mr. COLLAMER. Judge Smalley, of Ver-
mont, is now holding court in New York.
Mr. GREEN. An application was made to
raise the salary of the judge in Connecticut, be-
cause he had to do duty outside of his district.
He died before the bill was passed; but it was
reported on favorably. In these cases we must
look to the expense of living. There is no uni-
formity in the salaries of judges throughout the
Union. In Louisiana, we pay them §5,000. In
California, my recollection is, that we pay them
$5,000. The expense of living in Oregon is about
as much as it is in California. We pay the district
judge in St. Louis §3,000. The district judge of
the western distiict of Missouri,at Jefferson City,
we pay §2,500, because the expense of living is
less. Here you multiply the terms of the courts
by this bill. Instead of holding them m one sin-
gle place, you require more terms. There is a
large amount of business to be done at Portland.
The expense of living, after being deducted from
his actual pay, does not leave him a fair,adequate
compensation, such as a common lawyer would
get. I really think it is right, and so did the
whole committee. It was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is chairman, and lie is as
stringent as anybody can possibly be in saving
the public money. He, as well as the rest of us,
tlioughtitnotlnrig but right that this salary should
beincreascd onlygSOO. I hope, therefoie, no fur-
ther objection will be made, and that the piopo-
sition of the Senator from New Hampshire will
be withdrawn, and the bill permitted to pass.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that a very
safe criterion by which to judge of the expense of
' tT^TrESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Iowa will suspend
his remarKS. It is made the imperative duty of
the Chair to call up now the special order fixed
for half past twelve o'clock, which is the bill for
the relief of Anson Dart. That is the bill now
before the Senate for consideration,and the ques-
tion is on the amendment olLred by the Senator
from Oregon.
TJSNNBSSEE KIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to make a report. I
am instructed by the Committee on Claims to
report back House bill No. 9, to liquidate the
unadjusted contracts of the Tennessee river im-
provement, with a recommendation that it pass.
As it only appropriates u small amount, and there
is no difficulty about the case, I ask that the Sen-
ate take it up now, and put it on its passage, if
there bo no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it will not give rise to
any debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that all contracts made by
the duly authouzed officers of the Government,
appointed under the act of Thirty-Second Con-
gress making an appropriation of *>50,000 for the
improvement of the Tennessee river, shall be au-
dited by the accounting officers of the Treasury,
and paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear that
bill read again, or to have the number of it, so that
I may examine it.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator desires an ex-
planation, 1 can give it in a very few words.
The PRESIDING OFFICEtt. The question
is, shall this bill be read a third timc? The read-
ing of the bill at length is again called for. It will
be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As this may give rise to
debate, I must insist on the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is too late in insisting on the special order, after
unanimous consent has been given to consider the
bill now before the Senate. The Chair put the
question, distinctly stated that it required the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to consider it at this
time, and no objection having been then interposed,
it cannot be set aside for the special order without
a vote of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that it be post-
poned, in order to take up the special order of
the day.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator from Oregon
will allow me, I will make a brief explanation
that will not require two minutes-, and then, I
think, we shall have no difficulty in passing the
bill. I will state that this bill comes from the
House of Representatives. Some years ago Con-
gress passed a law appropriating a certain amount
of money to clear out obstructions m the Tennes-
see river, and Colonel McClelland, of the topo-
graphical engineers, was appointed to superintend
that work. He had authority from the War De-
partment to employ additional engineers. He did
so; and these engineers were employed with him.
They were civil engineers taken from the country
there. Colonel McClelland died; and there was
a small amount of accounts contracted by the en-
gineers, and a small amount of salary still due to
them, the appropriation having been exhausted.
This bill proposes to authorize the accounting
officers to audit and settle those accounts. It is
recommended by the Secretory of War, because
the accounts have been contracted by Colonel
McClelland, the cnginecr-in-chief, and ought to
be paid. It is a very small amount, as I under-
stand. It is not designated in the bill.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator state about
what is the amount?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know the amount.
It is understood to be very small; a few hundred
dollars. This bill merely proposes to audit the
accounts contracted by the engineers, and of
course the Government ought to pay thorn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think a bili of this char-
acter ought never to pass the Senate. It provides
for paying what may be due upon any contracts
which officers under the Government, appointed
under a provision of the Thirty-Second Congress,
may have made. Now those contracts may have
been illegal. It involves a very important prin-
ciple—the principle whether we are to pass laws
to pay whatever amount may be claimed under
contracts made by theogent^of the Government,
whether those contracts are in pursuance of lav/
or not. Of course, this could not have been in
pursuance of law, else it would have been paid.
It proposes, too, to give an indefinite amount.
We do not know what the amount may be that
is to be paid. We should have a specific sum, at
all.events.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I must rise to a
question of order upon my honorable friend, as
well as upon the Senator from Georgia, that it is
not proper on a motion to postpone to go into a
discussion of the merits of the bill. My object in
moving to postpone was simply that we may take
up the special order. The questions involved in
it have been discussed; and let it be disposed of.
This bill necessarily involves debate, and I must
insist on the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
being raised, the Chair must rule that a motion to
postpone is not a question open to general debate.
The motion no wis on postponing the further con-
sideration of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ANSON DART.
Mr. GWIN. I&there any special order for
this time ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order fixed by the Senate for to-day at half past
twelve o'clock is now before the Senate—the bill
(IT. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson Dart; the
pending question being on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon to insert the woids:
"and also to the superintendents who served
previously or subsequently to the said Anson
Dart;" so that the bill will read, if the amend-
ment be adopted:
That the proper accounting officers of the Trea-siny De-
partment be, and they are hereby, authouzed anddnectcd
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not othmv^e
appiopuated, to Anson l)ait, late supeiintendcnt of Indian
attain. m the Territory of Oregon, and also to the snpenn-
tendents who served previously or subsequently to the said
AiibonDait, the sum of$4,000 per annum, &e.
Mr. LANE. I propose to state briefly my
views in relation to this amendment, and the rea-
son why it should be adopted. Anson Dart went
to Oregon, as I have stated here before, in 1850;
and he quit the service as superintendent of Indian
affairs in the spring of 1853. He received pay
for nearly three years, and was on duty twenty-
one months and a half. His salary during the
time he was in commission, or during the time he
was superintendent of Indian affairs, amounted to
$7,013 89. He had traveling expenses upon ono
occasion amounting to $632; and again, $1,400,
going to and coming from Oregon. Then he had
his board allowed him and his clerk furnished
him while here, making his salary and traveling
expenses altogether, $9,410 31- He received all
this, and performed twenty-one months5 service.
He was paid during the whole time that he was
superintendent of Indian affairs, as well when he
was absent as when he was at his post of duty.
He kept in his service clerks and interpreters,
during his absence as well as while on duty. The
personal expenses, therefore, of this superintend-
