1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§M9
cut, who rendered hut twenty-one months and a
half service, including the clerks and interpreters
allowed him, amounted to $17,070 31; and now
it is asked that his salary shall be increased, for
the term of nearly three years, $1,500 per annum,
although he was on duty but twenty-one months
and a half. This claim to additional pay is based
upon expenses incurred by this man, Dr. Dart,-
in traveling to and from Oregon, and for extraor-
dinary and efficient services performed by him
while on duty there.
I am well acquainted with the Doctor, with his
management of Indian affairs, and with the In-
dians of Oregon,and I am sure that I hazard noth-
ing when I say that he did not perform his duty
to better advantage than did other superintend-
ents, and that he is not more entitled to this ad-
ditional compensation than are other men who
served in the same capacity, and discharged the
same duty in a more efficient and proper manner
than he did. I hold, if the salary is to be in-
creased at this length of time after performing
the service, then it is right and proper that the
increase should be made applicable to those who
served previous and subsequent to Dr. Dart. For
over a year and a half, I had charge of Indian
affairs as superintendent in Oregon, when things
were in a very much more complex condition;
when our relations with the Indians were much
more complex than when he went there, and much
more difficult to bring about friendly relations
than it was two years after I took charge.
Before I speak of my own service, and of the
condition of Indian affairs there, I will mention
those who served subsequent to Dr. Dart. When
he left that office, General Palmar was appointed,
and during his administration of Indian affairs, a
general war sprung up with all the Indians. It.
commenced in 1855, and continued until 185G—
twelve months from the commencement of the
war. During the whole term of that war, and the
whole time Palmer had charge of Indian affairs,
he was on duty every day, at his post every hour;
and no man ever discharged his duty more faith-
fully than he. I cannot see why Dart, who was
on duty in a time of comparative peace, and who
had an easy time in the management of Indian
affairs, should have more pay than General Pal-
mer, who was a very efficient man, and who ex-
posed himself over all portions of the country,
among the various tribes of Indians, where it was
not very safe to go, for the purpose of maintain-
ing peace, and bringing about friendly relations
with the Indians.
Next to General Palmer,we had Captain Hedges,
a faithful man and an efficient agent, who dis-
charged his duty at the rate of pay fixed by law.
His health failed him, and he resigned. Then
General Nesmith was appointed, and he per-
formed the duty until the present incumbent, Mr.
Geary, was appointed. I think I can say that
there is not, in any portion of our country, a man
better qualified to discharge the duties of Indian
superintendent than Mr. Geary, our present su-
perintendent. He has given his entire time to the
discharge of the duties of the office, and is as
efficient and capable as any man on our coast.
He manages the affairs well, and observes the
strictest economy in all things. Is it right, hav-
ing jurisdiction over the same district of country
that Dart was superintendent of, thatthe present
incumbent shall not be entitled to the same com-
pensation? 1 hope the Senate will not so decide.
In looking over my own report, made previous
to Dr. Dart's appointment, I stated a fact that
may not be known to the Senate. I was differ-
ently situated fiom any other superintendent, for
then there had been no organization of Indian af-
fairs. Their were no agents or sub-agents. The
superintendent discharged the entire duties. In
my report to the Department, I said:
" Having no assistance, neither agents nor sub-agents, I
found it necessaty to visit in person many of the tribes m
then own country. In the month of Apul, 1 proceeded to
the Dalies of the Columbia, called togethei the tribes and
bands m that vicinity, including; the De Chutes River and
the Vakuna Indiatn, held a talk with them, made them
nome proent* io tho amount of near two hundred dollars,
ami had the ratification, at the request of the chief of the
Yakimas, to bring about a peace between that tribe and
the Walla-Wallas, who were at that Lime engaged, in war."
I mention these things as matters of history that
I repeat here in my place:
" Early in the month of May f leceived information of
the mui'der of Wallace, at Fort Nisqually, on Puget
Sound"—
A district of country that this superintendent
never visited—
" by the Sno-qualmoo and Skywhamfsh Indians; and that
the few Americans settlers m that country were much
alarmed for tho safety of their families, hourly expecting
to be attacked by these Indians, who had threatened to
desuoy tiie settlements. At that time there were no troops
in the country, excepting some eight men under Lieuten-
antG. W. Hawkins, of the Rifles. I at once concluded to
visit the Sound, and assist in putting the settlers in the best
possible condition to resist an attack, there being only ten
families in that section of the country."
I read from this report to show that, without
any assistance; without an agent or asub-agent—
it was my duty, and it was my pleasure to dis-
charge that duty—I visited tribes m almost every
portion of that country, then almost an unbroken
wilderness. There were very few families m the
country, and when they were attacked, and their
lives in danger, though tlnee hundred miles from
my office, I hesitated not a moment to repair to
the scene of trouble, and there place myself be-
tween the Indians and the whites, to save the
lives of our people. Then, in this report, you
will find that I also said:
" I have observed the stncte&t economy in the manage-
mpntof out Indian afihus. I have made but few present?;
and in traveling through their country on several visit*,
which I found it necessary to make, 1 have incurred but
httlc expense."
Now, sir, during the time that I had charge of
Indian affairs in Oregon, although I paid attor-
neys on two occasions to defend the Indians when
charged with murder, in order that all the tribes
might see that they had a fair trial, conducted in
the same way in which the trial of a white man
would have been, and gave $500 upon cach occa-
sion to those attorneys to defend them when the
Indians had been indicted and put upon their trial,
! the whole of the expense that 1 made, including
clerk hire and traveling expenses, with the $1,000
paid these attorneys, amounted to less than three
thousand dollais. This man for whom you pro-
pose to provide an increase of salary made a much
larger expense for the discharge of the duties for
the same term of time. He was not on duty in
Oregon as long as I was. I visited nearly all the
tribes of Indians from the forty-sccond parallel to
the forty-ninth. I held a talk with fifty of the
tribes, and, including presents, my expenses were
less than three thousand dollars, as i am able to
show; but he comes here asking for an increase
of'salary, though he had incurred an expense, in-
cluding his own salary, clerk hire, and interpret-
ers, of $17,070 31.
Now, if the Senate intend to pass this bill, I
submit that they pass it with the amendment, and
deal fairly with ail the superintendents, and place
them upon an equal footing; and if you say one
shall have $4,000, i?,ive it to all. My judgment is
that it is wrong to increase the sahuy,'and"it ought
not to be done. Tins man ought to be satisfied
with the salary he received. 1 am satisfied; I ask
no more than I got. if it were to be tendered,,1
should say as 1 said once when 1 could have
drawn mileage. 1 did not take it. But in this case
put all upon an equal footing, and allow those who
served subsequent to lum, who were on the spot
from the moment they were appointed, and never
abandoned their post one day, but faithfully dis-
charged their duty, to be placed on the same foot-
ing where you place this man, that the salary be
equal, that all may fare alike; but if it should
operate at all against any, it should against this
man who made this enormous expense to the
Government in the management of Indian affairs.
Here I will turn the Senate to his own report.
He says, in relation to these thirteen treaties that
he ma'de and brought to "Washington, not one of
which was ever considered, or acted upon, or rat-
ified:
" I have leceived, al«o, the sum of $350 87 from Gov-
ernor John 1'. Game-5, (while acting as chairman of the
'hoard of comnnssioncis to tieat with the Indian tribes
west of the Cascade mountains/) for treaty purpose*. This
sum, togethei with ^3,000 borrowed from General John
Adair, collector of the customs at Astona, was used m
negotiating the thirteen treaties with the Oregon Indians,
duiing August and September, 1851; al] of which has been
duly accounted for."
Now, sir, this man Dart, m making the treaties
with a few scattered bands along the coast, cost
the Government a great deal more than all my
expenses during the whole time I served, though
it was a longer term than his. In addition to this,
he has been allowed thousands of dollars, as is i
established by the figures I presented. I hope j
that the amendment will be adopted. 1
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER;, The' tfUMftfon
is On the amendment proposed by (lie Senator
from Oregon. "
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It my wisB'to nia&e
an explanation of the, merits of the bfll to thd Sen-
ate; but finding that it is now very nrar the txine
when the order of the day must necessarily be
called up, I move to postpone this bill, and fnalce
it the special order for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow. I intend to address the Senate upon it 5
but I do not intend to make a long explanation;
and, with that view, I shall condense my remarks
as much as possible. I have not had the pleasure
of hearing all that the Senator from Oregon has
said. At times I was not present; at other times
I could not hear what the honorable Senatorsaid.
I therefore ask, as somewhat a personal favor to
myself, that this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row morning at half past twelve o'clock,at which
time I hope to make a satisfactory explanation of
this bill, though not a very lengthy one. It is now
within three minutes of the time for the special
order.
The motion was agreed to; and the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed to and made
the special order for to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock. *
OltDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being so
near the hour of one o'clock, the Chair will call
tho consideration of the Senate to the special or-
ders. To-day having been assigned, by previous
order, for the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar, and by another order, the resolutions of the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] having
been assigned specially for this hour, it devolves
011 the Senate to decide which of those several as-
signments shall be considered at this time. Tho
Chair will suggest that a motion to postpone one
or the other will be the mode of deciding it.
Mr. IVERSON. In order to test the sense of
tho Senate, I move the postponement of the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Mississippi, so that
the Senate may go on with the Private Calendar.
Mr. MASON. I said to the honorable Sena-
tor who has charge of the Private Calendar that
if it was the pleasure of the Senate to take it up, I
certainly should not object. My convenience is
really not involved in it. I am not going to de-
tain the Senate with any long speech; but if the
subject is postponed, I should desire the Senate
to fix the time to which it is to be postponed, that
1 may know when I may be heard. 1 ask the
Senate to postpone in until Monday, under the im-
pression that then the debate upon it will end, and
that the vote will be taken.
Mr. IVERSON. I will modify my motion to
that extent, that the resolutions be postponed
until Monday, at one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. It is well known that there is
another spccial order for that day, and there is
one for next Tuesday, and one for next Wednes-
day, and one for next Thursday. These resolu-
tions have postponed a special order which was
made for three days of this week: the bill to cs-*
tablish overland service to California; a bill of
great importance to my constituents. I think we
had better go on with these resolutions to-day
and complete them at once. We have passed a
great many private bills, as the Senator from
Georgia knows. We have devoted a great deal
of time to them. We have passed no bills of pub-
lic importance, or very few; and I think we had
better go on and occupy the short time we are
going to occupy with these resolutions, and bring
them to a close at once. Certainly, so far as 1
am concerned, I think the public interests are suf-
fering; I know the interests of my constituents
are greatly suffering, for the want of legislation
on bills of public importance. I do not object to
the consideration of private bills, but I do not
think we ought to devote more time to them than
to other matters. It is well known that on Mon-
day next there is a special order; and the Senator
from Delaware, not now here, [Mr. Bayard,]
has the floor upon it—the Florida claims bill, a
bill which has been postponed time and again.
Then, wc must have an immediate consideration
of the question about the overland mails, or we
cannot have any service, and it will be entirely
useless. I should like to take that up to-day, if
these resolutions do not come up. It is infinitely
more important than the Private Calendar. I
hope the postponement will not take place.
