1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
the American Army," provided for by the ninth
article of the treaty with Spain, the judges, of
course, stopped receiving the testimony, To rem-
edy that evil, the Congress of the United States,
on the 26th of June, 1834, passed an additional
act to this effect:
"An act for the relief of certain inhabitants ofEast Flor-
ida.
" Be it enacted, <S*c., That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed to pay out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
amount awarded by the judge of the superior court of St.
Augustine, in the Territory of Florida, under the authority
of the one hundred and sixty-first chapter of the acts of the
Seventeenth Congress, approved March 3,1823, for losses
occasioned in East Florida by the troops in the service of
the United States, in the years 1812 and 1813, in all cases
where the decision of the said judge shall be deemed by
the Secretaiy of the Treasury to be just: Provided, That
no award be paid except in the case of those who, at the
time of suflering the loss, were actual subjects of the Span-
ish Government: Jltid provided also, That no award be paid
for depredations committed in East Florida previous to the
entrance into that province of the agent or troops of the
United States."
That was to pay for the existing adjudicated
claims,which wereaboutforty-three thousand dol-
lars : that it has been alleged, I think, in some of the
reports, was stated by the then Delegate of Flor-
ida to be the whole amount of the claims; which
was not true. He did not say so. It was all that
had been then adjudicated. But the second sec-
tion of the same act went on further to provide:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd beitfurther enacted, That the judge ofthe
superior court of St. Augustine be, and he hereby is, author-
ized to receive, examine, and adjudge all cases of claims for
losses occasioned by the troops aforesaid, in 1812 and 1813,
not heretofore presented to the said judge, or in which the
evidence was withheld, in consequence of the decision of
the Secretary of the Treasury, that such claims were not
provided for by the treaty of February 22,1819, between the
Governments sf the United States and Spain: Provided,
That such claims be presented to the said judge in the space
of one yearfrom the passage of tins act: Jlndprovided, also,
That the authority herein given shall be subject to the re-
strictions created by the provisoes to the preceding section."
This act overruled the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and directed the claims growing
out of the invasion of 1812 and 1813 to be ad-
judicated. It had been decided at the Treasury
Department that these claims wore not within the
treaty. Then the claimants came to Congress, and
a law was passed by the legislative and execu-
tive departments overruling the decision of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and declaring they
were within the operation of the treaty, and giv-
ing jurisdiction to the courts; and telling them to
go on; and this act has been decided by all the
judges of all the courts, and by all the Attorneys
General, by everybody whom I have seen, to be
in pari materia with the act of 1823, and expressly
upon its face to carry out the ninth article of
the treaty of 1819 with Spain. Then, I say, on
the face of the treaty itself these claims were
under it; but whether they were or not, it was a
question adjudicated twenty-six years ago by this
department" of the Government, who had a right
to decide on it, that they were within it. Con-
gress then overruled expressly, as I have read, by
the second section, the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and attempted to vindicate the
national faith by putting this class of cases under
the judicial determination of the courts ofFlorida.
Another question subsequently arose. Mr.
Eush, then Secretary of the Treasury, after the
passage of this act, when the adjudications of the
courts in Florida under it came before him, de-
cided that, according to the custom of the Depart-
ment, they did not pay interest, and therefore
they would not pay it. They claimed the right
even to review the judicial decision. It was al-
ways contended by the claimants, and contended
justly, that the Secretary of the Treasury had no
right to review the judicial decisions of the courts
in Florida; but that question has passed away; it
is not now involved. We bound ourselves by a
treaty with a foreign nation, whose subjects had
been injured, that wo would satisfy their claims
for damages, which it should be ascertained, " by
process of law," they had sustained. These are
technical terms, as old as Magna Charta, which
have been vindicated and approved for between
six and seven centuries. I believe it was in 1237
when they were first extorted from King John.
At least for six hundred years these particular
words have had a certain definite technical legal
meaning. It was by " process of law" that they
were to be determined. They were to be judi-
cially determined; they were to be determined by
the courts. Under another clause of the same
treaty with Spain, by which we were to receive
damages from her, it was provided that they
should be settled by a commission; but in re-
gard to this class of cases, where she turned over
to us her subjects who remained in Florida up to
the exchange of flags, Spain, in royal good faith
to those subjects, not only provided that they
should be redressed, but provided the mode and
manner, and said they should have a right to have
their claims determined judicially, " by process
of law," and not by a commission. The reason
for it, Senators can see, was very obvious. They
then became our citizens, except those who chose
to leave Florida—some of them did go; they went
to the Spanish islands; some of these claimants
are now foreigners—but the great number of them
are citizens ofthe United States, who did not leave
the country, and could not do it, and did not de-
sire to do it, preferring allegiance to us rather than
to Spain.
Congress, in 1823, in order to carry out this
treaty, appointed a judicial tribunal to determine
the question. They appointed the highest judi-
cial tribunal in the Territory., The Federal court
of the Territory heard and decided the claims
until Florida came into the Union, and that class
of cases then went to the United States district
judge. The clause of the act of 1823, as you will
perceive, seems to give the control to the Secretary
of the Treasury; but that we are not complaining
of, on the question of the principal. Mr. Craw-
ford andMr. Rush having decided that these claims
were not within the treaty, Congress reversed that
decision, and put them under the treaty expressly
by the act of 1834. Then they decided, as a purely
municipal rule in the Treasury, as it appears from
all the papers and from the reports of the Secre-
taries of the Treasury and Attorneys General
since—I have them alt before me—not to allow
interest, on the ground that it was a regulation of
the Treasury with reference to our domestic af-
fairs. I think it is very common with all nations
to make it their general rule, as between the Gov-
ernment and the citizen, that the Government is
not to pay interest. The reason given is, that
sovereigns are presumed always to be ready to
pay; and that is the solo reason. This sovereign
has not been ready or willing to pay since the ren-
dition of these judgments to this hour. So even
if it had been a domestic debt, the reason has
ceased, for the claimants have gone, from time to
time, to all the departments, from court to court;
and ooeof these cases, to test this question, went
to the Supreme Court of the United States. They
determined they had no jurisdiction; that Con-
gress had given this special jurisdiction to the dis-
trict court of Florida, subject to be revised by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and therefore they
dismissed it. Tlioy went to the Court of Claims.
There Judge Scarburgh declared, in strong and
emphatic language, that they had jurisdiction,
and that nothing could release us but payment;
that we were under every obligation of good faith,
of national honor, of justice, and of right, to pay
the uttermost farthing of these decrees according
to the treaty, according to the laws of nations, ac-
cording to justice; and one of the other judges
held that the claim for interest was clearly right,
and that he had no doubt about it; but two of the
judges said they had no jurisdiction to hear an
appeal from the Secretary of the Treasury. Judge
Blackford said he expressed no opinion on the
claims cither way, and only that they had no ju-
risdiction, and there stands the cause.
Where then are they to go ? Yon agreed to de-
termine their rights by judicial principles. They
went to the judicial tribunals and got their de-
crees. They were scanned, and scanned closely,
as any one will find who will look into them as I
have done. In some of the cases the Government
had counsel, who appeared and argued for the
United States. They were critically examined,
and the whole testimony then was referred to the
revising officer, the Secretary of the Treasury for
the time being. He reviewed them critically, and
paid so much as he thought was just of the prill-
cipal, and rejected the balance. Subsequently,
where one Secretary of the Treasury had refused
to pay a portion of the principal, others made
additional allowances to the whole extent. 1 be-
lieve now that probably the whole principal has
been paid, and there is nothing left but the mere
question of interest, which is the only thing m this
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator .from
Georgia allowme to ask him a question there ? .
Mr. TOOMBS. With great pleasure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is in relation to the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United State®
I read that decision some time ago; I have not
read it recently; but I understood that decision at
the time I read it to settle £hese principles: first,
that under the treaty, Congress bound itself to
establish a special tribunal for the adjudication of
these cases; and that it had done so" by enabling
the Florida judges in the first instance to investi-
tate them; second, that Congress had created the
ecretary of the Treasury an appellate tribunal
for the determination of these cases; that that was
within the constitutional power of Congress, and
was in conformity to the treaty; and thirdly, that
when the Secretary of the Treasury had exercised
this special jurisdiction, by determining finally the
amount due, that was conclusive; and it wasupon
that ground that there was no appeal cither to the
Supreme Court or the Court of Claims; that being
a final adjudication of the question as a judicata
question. I understood that to be the decision.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. The Supreme Court
of the United States decided that the Florida judges,
in examining these cases, were not judges, but
commissioners; and therefore there was no appeal
to the Supreme Court. That was the only point
that was really decided. They said that they were
commissioners, and not judges. They held that
the claimants were entitled to due process of law,
and subsequently, in a note to that decision, the
Senator will find an explanation by the judges.
They did decide at that time that Congress had a
right to make the judges commissioners, though
it was decided in 1796 that they had not. The
Supreme Court decidcd that Congress had made
them commissioners, and therefore that an appeal
to the Secretary of the Treasury was right, and
in accordance with the treaty; and hence there
could be no appeal from the district court of Flor-
ida to the Supreme Court. If it acted as a court,
the claimants had a right to appeal under the law;
if the judges acted as commissioners, they could
not appeal; but the Secretary could determine.
That was the decision; and they dismissed the
case solely on the ground that thoy had no juris-
diction.
That decision, though, which was made by the
Supreme Court, was itself modified, as the Sena-
tor will find by examining the case, by a note in
Howard's Reports. It was made upon a mistake
of the facts, too. But the treaty is explicit that
they shall have due process of law, which a com-
mission is not. They give a commission on the
other class of claims between Spain and the Uni-
ted States. Congress, in 1823, went on to carry
out the treaty; and they directed the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the allowances made by the
judges if they were equitable and just, and within
the provisions of the treaty. Under that clause
of the act, the Secretaries claimed a right to re-
view them. The propriety of that claim is doubt-
ful; but that is not objected to now; that question
has gone. After the decision of the judges of the
district of Florida, the Secretaries of the Treas-
ury examined the evidence, and frequently with-
held a portion of the amount decreed; but I know
some of them have sincc been paid in full, and X
presume all, for the principle covers all; the later
Secretaries of the Treasury considering that thoy
were bound to pay the whole principal sum of
the awards, if the claims were within the treaty
and the allowances were equitable and just.
Then, 1 say, they have gono to the courts on
the question of interest. They were entitled to a
decision of the courts by the treaty. You gave
them courts; you gave them a revisory power;
and they went to the Supreme Court when the
Secretary of the Treasury dccided against them.
The Supreme Court decided that it had no juris-
diction. They went to the Court of Claims, and
two of those judges declared that they were en-
titled to every dollar they claimed by the treaty,
by justice, by the laws of nations, and by our own
laws; though one of them declared that the court
had not jurisdiction over the case, and the third
judge expressed no opinion upon it, holding that
there was a want of jurisdiction. There stand the
judicial determinations. No judicial tribunal m
these thirty-odd years ever expressed an opinion
against the principle of this bill, or against the
debt one way or the other; notajudge, not a bee-
