1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
this House. But do you repudiate every senti-
ment of Helper's book3 Will you not say that
you do ? Are you afraid to speak, or do you not
want to speak > If you will not, then I ask gen-
tlemen on that side of the House to take up some
other man. Gentlemen on that side of the House,
have you no other man who is capable of filling
that chair? I believe we have, perhaps, twenty-
five. [Great laughter.] How many have you?
I believe you have distinguished men among you
who could fill that chair, and who never indorsed
Helper's book? Select one of them; and mark
me, that when you do, there will be no factious
opposition to his elevation to the Speaker's chair.
It matters notthatyou say you did not know what
the book contained; that you signed it 011 the rec-
ommendation of Greeley, Blair, or anybody else;
you have signed it; the book is here; you have
indorsed it; and it has had its effect. 'You cannot
escape the conclusion. Would you have me go
before my people, and uphold you, who have
announced such sentiments ? Do you suppose 1
shall vindicate you there? If I do, some other
man will be after me with a sharp stick, and will
be elected. I want, when I go into that canvass,
to be able to tell my people that you have elevated
to the Speaker's chair a conservative man. Will
you not, then, agree to take somebody else than
the gentleman from Ohio? Is not the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Couwin]
worthy of your support? You think he is not
quite a gooil Republican enough? Well, I do not
know anything about that; but I toll you that if
you elect a man who has indorsed the doctrines
or the Helper book, when we go home, our breth-
ren there, the fire-eaters, will go upon a counter
platform, before the people, and they will whip
us like dogs. [Laughter.] Mark what L tell you;
this is a weapon that will tell at the South.
We do intend to resist the election of a Black
Republican to that chair. I want to organize this
House; I want the honest and the humblest of the
creditors of this country paid; and I reckon I want
a little moncymyself. [Laughter.] But as to that,
I have sent home for money enough to keep me
through this Administration. [Laughter.] 1 have
sent for money enough to keep me along until the
4th of March, 1861;*so I can get along I see my
friend, the Sergcant-at-Arms, yonder, who has
enabled members to struggle along by advancing
some forty or fifty thousand dollars to tliem That,
1 doubt not, has delayed somewhat the organiza-
tion
The question now suggests itself to me, whether
it would be better to organize this Ilouse during
this Congress, with the prospect that it will bring
about a disruption of this Government, or to delay
the organization until this Congress has expired.
1 ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
whether it is better to yield to a Black Republican
organization, or to stand like pillars, and never
move' I -will stand here until the 4th of March,
1801, if, by so doing, 1 can avert the calamity
which might befall us by the election of a Black
Republican.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. COBB. No, sir I have got a word for
you, too. [Laughter ] The purpose for which I
rose has not been accomplished. It was to pour
oil upon the troubled waters.
I have seen this country increase from a few
States to its present number—thirty-four. I have
seen its progress from a few millions until we
have become a powerful and wonderful nation.
Then why should I be anxious to proceed with
the organization, if by delaying it I can do good
to my country, though it should sacrifice myself3
Why should I be anxious, if I could say to my
people that Cobb sacrificed himself for the goocl
of the country ? [Laughter.]
Now, then, a few words to the South Ameri-
cans. 1 want to have a little plain talk with them.
Come around me, children, and lyt us have a talk.
[Laughter.] Not a word shall fall from me to
give offense to the least one of you all. Here
comes one, [Mr. Maynard taking a seat near
Mr. Cobb.] Let me tell gentlemen, speaking from
a long intercourse with this gentleman, he is true
to the core. [Laughter ] What have we done,
that you cannot act with us? I think he will help
us organize the House. I look upon you all as
patriots, and I trust that every one of you will do
the same thing. What have you yet done to as-
sist in organizing the House? Have I not been
beseeching you for the last two weeks to come to
our party and help us organize? Gentlemen ad-
mit at. Have I not done it to-day ? You know I
have. Have I not avowed that I was for affilia-
tion? What for? I have desired to affiliate with
the South Americans to put down the Black Re-
publicans. Do that, and I believe our country
will be better governed; that this strife which pre-
vails will be allayed, and that there will be per-
petual harmony hereafter. Can I not then affil-
iate with those men? I am disposed to do it. "But
one of my papers tells me that he who affiliates
with them is recreant to principle.
Mr.ETHERlDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. COBB*. No, sir; let mo get through with
these South Americans, and when I come to pay
my attention to the anti-Lecompton Democrats,
then the gentleman may interrupt me.
Mr. ET HERIDGE. The gentleman is propos-
ing an affiliation with us.
Mr. COBB. I am not proposing it now.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Well, the gentleman is
| suggesting it; and thcdifferencebctwocnasugges-
i tion ond a proposition is not very material. 1 am
not falling out with him for proposing an affiliation
or a union of forces. I desire now to know from
him, and I presume he has made Ins estimates,
v/iioie the votes arc to come from to elect a gen-
tleman on the basis he is talking about?
Mr COBB. Well, in the first place,. I expect
we will get a goodly number of the Democratic
party proper; and ii the South Americans come
to us and aid us, 1 think we can persuade enough
of the balance to come over. [Laughter.]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to say to the gentle-
man, that if he will first do the persuading among
his own friends, and then present a candidate who
can ially the whole Democratic vote, I, for one,
will, in a contingency I will not now name, vote
for that candidate If the Democratic party can
unite their own forces on one of their own men,
so that our united vote can elect him, then we will
consider whether we will give him our united sup-
port. ( have interposed no objection, have said
nothing m debate, have used no remark calculated
to provoke discussion, but have all the time qui-
etly awaited events, hoping and trusting that after
a time, by some party persuasion or party appli-
ance, we might get the great national Democratic
party to harmonize on some national Democratic
candidate.
Mr GARNETT. Mr. Clerk-
Mr. COBB. Stay; let me deal with him. Just
sit down, [laughter,] and if I do not give him
enough, then I will give you the floor and let you
deal with linn. The gentleman asks us to show
first the Democrat who can command the entire
vote of his party. Now if wc did, will the gen-
tleman say that he will vote for him? I have con-
fidence in lus liberality and patriotism, and believe
he would; but will he say so?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman says he
believes I would come over and help him in a cer-
tain contingency. If the gentleman believes that
of me, it is wholly immaterial that he should ask
me the question. But, sir, I was not speaking
alone for myself. The gentleman was addressing
those with whom I have acted. He. desires to
know whether, if the Democratic candidate can
get these votes, we will come over and elect their
man. I say to the gentleman that he is asking a
question on an hypothesis—on a supposable state
of facts. Now I say to the gentleman very frankly,
that we have refused to entertain a proposition of j
this kind from them, unless they would first show j
that by our doing so, an election could be made.
It has been demonstrated on this floor that they
cannot unite their forces on anyone candidate.
Mr. COBB. Very well; we will show you
what we can do.
Mr. ETHERIDGE If the gentleman can show
that, there will be some substantial basis for his
importunities to rest upon. It is idle for gentle-
men to say what they will do m a contingency we
all know will never happen. 1 announce to him
a fact which he knows, and winch his party friends
know, that there is not a man on that side of the
House who can command ninety-three votes. It
has been so stated over and over again. 1 an- j
nounce another fact: that, while he is addressing |
us, it is well known, if the party press of the city j
is to be believed, that these Democratic gentle- .
men have made a solemn resolution that they will
not, in any event, come over and help to elec-tany
one of the twenty-three members with whom I
have been acting.
Mr. COBB. I, have been at all the Democratic
caucuses; and the press that promulgated such
a statement, promulgated what escaped my obser-
vation.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will not hold the gen-
tleman responsible for what the party press'may
say. I know how very unreliable it is. But, one
word more. I announced, some days ago, that
we could place Mr. Gilmer in a position where
Democrats might elect him. We have done so.
Mr. Gilmer has received thirty-six votes; and
the gentleman knows very well that there was no
movement on that side to clect him. I now make
this proposition: we can put someone of the gen-
tlemen with whom I have voted in a position where
the Democratic party can clect him; will the Dem-
ocratic party do so? We will not ask the Demo-
cratic party to come over to our aid unless we can  
first put our candidate in a position where the
votes of that party will be sufficient to elect him.
The very reason why we have not entertained
their proposition was that we have had assurances
over and over again from reliable gentlemen on
that side of the House, thatjip to this good hour
they are unable to concentrate their vote on a
single Democrat in the House. I believe what
these gentlemen tell us, and I cannot seethe utility
of meeting and consulting in regard to proposi-
tions that have no substantial basis to rest upon.'
Now, we have been repeatedly told—and I am
not inclined to disbelieve the statement—that there
is not a Democrat in this House who can concen-
trate ninety-three votes.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will let me
proceed. I &m not accustomed to speak, and the
gentk-man knows how embarrassing it is to be
interrupted.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ask the gentleman's
pardon'.
Mr. COBB. I want to ask the gentleman a
straightforward question before he sits down. If
we can get ninety-throe Democratic votes for our
candidate, will the gentlemen come and vote for
him? *
Mr. ETHERIDGE. As regards the friends
with whom I act, I have to say that that matter
has not been finally decided, for the reasons I
have stated. We have said that whenever gen-
tlemen show that they can concentrate their votes,
we will consider their proposition. We have
acted on a knowledge of the fact that they could
not concentrate the Democratic vote.
Mr. COBB. Never believe outside rumors.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Ilake inside rumors. X
put the question last week to the honorable gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. McRae ]
Mr. COBB. I cannot get an answer from the
gentleman, and therefore I will go on with my
speech.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I want to answer your
question.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman will not answer.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I do answer.
Mr. COBB. If he does, he answers in his own
way. I want to know whether we can depend
upon the South Americans; for if so, we will make
a desperate effort for ninety-throe
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman first asks
me in regard to my friends, and then he puts the
question to myself. I answer, that there are gen-
tlemen here whom I will vote for in a certain con-
tingency
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will give us
the name, and I will nominate him.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. There arc Democrats
whom, m certain contingencies, T would vote for
if my vote would decide the struggle. But I do
not intend to join the Democratic party, when I
know that I could produce no result by doing so,
and the act would be used to injure me and my
friends hereafter. The very object is aparty move
to engulf and destroy us.
Now, I will ask the gentleman this : will ho
come over and help us to elect one of our men?
Mr. COBB. 1 will—a good national man.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Does the gentleman speak
for his party? "Will they do it?
Mr. COBB. My party has done it. Twenty-
odd Democrats went over yesterday to a distin-
guished member of the gentleman's party—Mr.
