206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Boteler, and the gentleman would not vote for
his own man.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I voted forMr.BoTELER
when he was our nominee. I did not vote for him
yesterday because another gentleman had been
put in nomination. I am as ready to vote for Mr.
Boteler as any gentleman in this House. The
gentleman says that twenty-odd Democrats came
over and voted for Mr. Boteler. I ask him if
that is the strength of the Democratic party in
this House; if it has come down to that beggarly
account of numbers ? [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I would tell the gentleman that the
Democratic party here is small—it has no power
here, or we would have organized the House long
ago. Just at present, we can do nothing.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one short question. Does not the gentle-
man know that up to this hour he cannot name a
Democrat in this House who can receive ninety-
three Democratic votes?
Mr. COBB. Oh, I do not know that. We arc
* now trying our men.
jyir. ETHERIDGE. Well, I say that I know
it; and time wjII prove that I um right. In this
connection I beg to say one thing, and I know the
gentleman will pardon mo for interrupting him,
for I will pardon him hereafter anything he may
do. A week ago I stated to the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. McRae] that no Democratic
candidate could receive ninety-three votes. The
gentleman admitted it in the debate, and his po-
sition is sustained by events which have since
passed into history.
Mr. HILL. I desire to make a suggestion for
the benefit of these two gentlemen.
Mr. COBB. I will put you all right if you will
let me have the floor again.
Mr. HILL I wish merely to suggest that I
think there ijs a common ground on which our two
friends on the right and on the left might come
together, and might, perhaps, harmonize. It is,
that they should dirt an anti-Lecompton Demo-
crat. That migln be equally agreeable to them
both.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, 1 shall not shrink from
that proposition, and i u ill janswer it vei y briefly.
I say, that it will !><• the lusf tesort with me—that
the cup will be full to overflowing before I ever
give my vole for a man as speaker of this House
whowas instrument! in an v* way in foicmgupon
an unwilling people that which has since been
shown, by a majoiity of ten thousand votes, to
have been the worst despotism ever attempted to
be imposed upon a free people. [Applause m the
galleries.]
Mr. COBB Now, I hope I shall he permitted
to go on. [Cries of Go on 1"] i did not mU md
when I talked to my Opposition friends to wake
any of them up in this manner. I am aware of
the position of ihe distinguished gentleman from
Tennessee. \ am awar. that he never permits an
opportunity to escape him to give a pretty hard
dig to the Administration. But we are not dealing
with (he Administration now. 1 told the House
that I intended only to discuss the organization
of the House. My friend from-Tennessee says
he will vote for a Democrat. I would like him
to name the Democrat for whom he will vote, i
will enter his name right here and then we will
see whether the gentleman will vole for him or
not. The fart \s you want the Democracy to go
over to you. You say we cannot elect one of our
men. You show by youi action that that is what
you want. How many of you have come over to
the Democracy to help us in this difficulty? Only
one of your number, and he did not stay long
enough to be counted. Only one vote have we re-
ceived from your party fi iends since we have been
attempting to organize the House. Now, is that
fair? Can you expect us to associate with you
when that is the way you front us3 We have \oted
for one of your men. What objection have you,
my southern Opposition friends, to voting for Mr.
Boteler ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. None m the world.
Mr. COBB. Have you done it? When twenty-
odd Democrats voted for him, why did not you
come and help us'
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will tell you.
Mr COBB. Let me go on I cannot and will
not yield to further interruption
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 hope ihe gentleman will
ask no more questions if he does not want an-
swers. I state that every southern Opposition
member is ready to vote for Mr. Boteler at any
moment.
Mr. COBB. I ask why will you not comealid
help us ? Why not show a disposition to affiliate
with us? The distinguished gentleman from Ten-
nessee says that there are Democrats here for
whom he would vote, if an election could thus be
secured. I wish I could find out who one of those
men is, for I think the Democracy would have
good sense enough to vote for such a one, if he is
a true Democrat.
Mr. BOTELER. Mr. Clerk, I ask the gentle-
man to yield me the floor for a moment, and I
promise him that I will not trespass upon the
patience of the House to any large extent. The
gentleman asks when we will come to him. He
has made that request to me, and still makes it in
a somewhat pointed manner. I am ready to an-
swer now.
For myself, by the will of the votes of some of
those with whom I have been politically associ-
ated since I have been a member of this Congress,
my humble name has been before the House in
connection with the exalted position of Speaker
ever since the commencement of the session; but
not from any action of mine. Being now for the
first time a member of this House, with no pre-
tensions to parliamentary experience, with but
a limited acquaintance with the members of the
House, I had no right and no reason to anticipate
any such manifestation of confidence and regard
as 1 have received under circumstances' so over-
whelmingly flattering to myself.
1 desire just here to express, if 1 can give e>^
pression to the feelings winch struggle for utter-
ancejiny most grateful acknowledgments to those
political friends of mine who have stood by rue in
this protracted contcst, and most especially to
those with whom I have differed politically, for
the support they have given me. I desire to ex-
press my gratitude to them, not m the cold, formal
language of conventionality, but earnestly and
honestly, m the simple words which leap from the
heart to the lips. I thank you, gentlemen, for the
honor you hav<fMone me; but now, having dis-
charged that duty to my friends, S have a duty to
di.^chaige to myself
I withdraw my name from this contest, and 1
withdraw it unconditionally and finally I with-
draw it entirely; and I proceed to name a gentle-
man who, I am sure, will be acceptable to both
sides. 1 need not appeal to those who are stand-
ing hero and have been l&r now more than a fort-
night battling for the Constitution, against which
the surges of sectionalism have been beating; who
have been battling for the integrity of that Union
which js now jeopardized by the organization of
those who have taken to themselves the name of
Republicans I nominate for that high post, Gen-
eral John' S. AIii.i.sox, of tlm Commonwealth of
Virginia, who will, I trust, be elected by acclama-
tion of all those who are conservative, as well in
nature as in name. I hope that he will be made
Speaker, and that we will have a speedy organ-
ization of this House. [Applause, and cries all
over tiie House of "Voter* " Vote!"].
Mr. COBB. I have nothing more to say- I
trust that I have accomplished the purpose for
which 1 rose, and that wo shall now have an or-
ganization of the House. I have done. [Re-
newed cries of " Vote !" " Vote '"]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 wish the House
to hear me for one moment. [Cries of " Vote '"
'• Vote I would cheerfully give way for the
purpose of taking a vote, but that I know that vote
would not result in an election, i propose now
to address to the Mouse a few observations upon
the subject of its organization. While I do not
expecttobc able to show how an organization can
be effected, I think what I shall say will show how
that organization cannot be cffcctcd; and therefoie
I think the opportunity may as well be afforded
me now to say what I have to say
Mr. A DRAIN. 1 desired to ask the gentleman
to allow mo to say a few words upon a privileged
question. I will not, however, interrupt the gen-
tleman from New York; because, if he can say
anything to the House that will have the result of
an organization, which we ail so much desire, i
have no wish to consume any of his time. [Cries
of" Vote!"]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If it is the opin-
ion of the House that we had better vote, and that
my remarks will be only a waste of time, I will
desist. [Cries of "No! "Goon!"]
I have, upon several occasions since the assem-
bling of the House, felt myself called upon to
give some expression of my opinions upon ques-
tions as they were from time to time incidentally
presented for consideration; but I have hitherto
refrained—carefully, guardedly, and designedly
refrained—from speaking to the direct question of
the organization of the House. But the time has
now arrived when, in my judgment, further si-
lence upon that question would be reprehensible.
Mr. Clerk, it is generally known to the mem-
bers of the House, at least, that I am one of that
faction generally styled anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats; sometimes, by way of variety, the merce-
nary band of men whose fortunes are so politically
desperate that they have bargained away their
votes for the Speakership for the votes of other
gentlemen for the Clerkship. I refer to this slan-
der, not for the purpose of illustrating the posi-
tion of those members of the House who occupy
politically the same ground with myself, but for
the purpose of illustrating the freedom of the press,
to which wo have to submit. I will only say, in
reference to that slander upon myself and upon
my brother mercenaries, that I long ago reached
that point of political desperation when nothing
that can be said or that can be written will in the
slightest degree influence me ni reference to the
organization of the House, or in reference to any
question that may come before it for its action,
while I have tile honor to be a member of the
American Congress'
The c;iuse of our difference from the greai body
of the Democratic organization of this House is
equally well known. The political platform upon
which we proh ss to stand has been tolerably well
defined; but speculation and conjecture are still
active in the effort to ascertain when, how, and
wheic we elial! cast our weight upon the impor-
tant question of the organization of this House;
and it is to that point that 1 will now address
myself
Mr. Clerk, I feel embarrassment, because T am
perilctly well aware that our position is not m
accordance with the wishes of any considerable
number (if the members of the House. I am not
unwilling to acknowledge that we arc few m num-
bers, and that we derive importance chiefly from
the fact that, in the present condition of the great
political oigamzatious in this Hall, our votes, if
combined, might, in one contingency, determine
the r< suit
jMmdful of our place, and not unmindful, sir,
of the fact that differences of opinion exist among
ourselves touching this question of organization,
while ] claim the right to speak for myself, I ut-
terly disclaim the authority to speak for others.
But, sir, as my friends with whom 1 am still act-
ing, aie present upon the floor, i hope that they
will not hesitate to rise in their places and inter-
rupt me if I express one single sentiment to which
they do not give their assent, or if I make one
.single prediction m reference to their final action
upon tins question of organization which they are
not ready, at this moment, to verify.
Mr. Clerk, following the usages of political
parties of this country, the members of the Dem-
ocratic organization m this House assembled in
caucus, and here presented the name of a distin-
guished gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
for the place of Speaker. Of his personal quali-
fications, I think I may say, no man m the House
and no man m the country has ever entertained
a doubt. But, sir, not having participated, by
reason of our own voluntary exclusion, in the
action of that caucus, we have not considered our-
selves as in any manner bound by its result, and
have as yet cast our votes, or, to speak more
plainly, thrown them away, in such a manner that,
up to the present time, the organization of the
House remains unaffected by them. Now, Mr.
Clerk, we have been appealed to—and when I use
the royal pronoun tee, I refer exclusively to my-
self, unless those gentlemen who hold" similar
positions shall be willing to stand by my side—we
have been appealed to, by gentlemen attached to
the Democratic organization, to unite our force
with theirs, to tlm end, if I understand the propo-
sition. that we may all combine and present an
unbroken front to a common adversary. afr.
Clerk, I have not yielded my assent; and it is due
to the Democratic organization in this House; it
