1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
retary of the Treasury since the act of 1834; not
an. Attorney General. Fifteen committees of Con-
gress have reported in favor of the allowance, and
among those who made these reports may be
named some of the ablest men—Mr. Everett, of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in the other
House, and Mr. Webster in this. Fifteen com-
mittees of the two Houses have declared that it is
in conformity with the treaty, and that these peo-
ple are entitled to it. Whatare the objections to it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, as I should like to give my vote on principle,
I wish to ask a question.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand Mr. Critten-
den reported against this claim.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir.
Mt.' BENJAMIN. It is so stated, I think, in
the report; I looked at it this morning. I will
refer the Senator to the report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have the opinion of six or
seven Attorneys General before me.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The report of the commit-
tee gives the opinion of Mr. Webster in favor of
these claims; and Mr. Webster in that opinion
says, that his views " are more or less in conflict
with opinions which have been given in these
cases by recent Attorneys General of the United
States—Mr. Crittenden, Mr. Legare, andMr. Nel-
son."
Mr. TOOMBS. I have the opinions of Mr.
Legare and Mr. Crittenden before me. They gave
opinions in favor of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have the report before me.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is on another portion of
the case—the question of jurisdiction.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely called the Sena-
tor's attention to this for explanation, as he stated
there was no Attorney General against it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have them all. Attorneys
General Crittenden, Logare, and Cushing, have
all decided that the acts of 1823 and 1834 were in
pari materia, and both intended to carry into cffect
the ninth article of the treaty. That was the mam
point. The point on which the claims have been
attacked was, that the act of 1834 did not bring
them within the treaty. On the question of inter-
est, there has been some diversity. No doubt,
Mr. Webster was correct; there was diversity on
some points; and you must look to those points
to know on which he differed with those gentle-
men. These very gentlemen—Attorneys General
Crittenden, Nelson, and Legare—decided that the
Government ought not to pay interest under the
ruling of the Department, but that Congress was
the tribunal for them to romo to. I read their
opinions with great care. They decided that the
Treasury could not pay, because they would not
overrule the decisions of the Treasury Depart-
ment, commencing, in 1836 or 1837, with Mr.
Woodbury, and running down to 1851 or 1853.
They all held,however, that, after all, the claims
were just; that, in their opinion, they came within
the treaty and the act of 1834, but, at the same
time, they said they could not be paid at the De-
partment. That is the way their opinions were
given—that they ought not to overrule the pre-
vious adjudications which had been made. Mr.
Attorney General Legare said:
" The act of 1834 ascertained, in the mean time, the op-
erations referred to In the treaty, including those in 1812."
Again he said, speaking of the treaty:
" By one of its stipulations, the Government was bound
to make compensation lor injuries admitted to have been
done by the troops m 1812, and tft submit the alleged inju-
ries to examination, according to the usual course of judi-
cial authority."
That is the only point necessary to carry this
case. The parties who oppose the claim deny this.
They put their objections on the ground, first, that
the operations of the army of 1812 and 1813 were
not within the ninth article of the treaty of 1819;
and, in the second place, that the act of 1834 did
not put them there; that that was a gratuity. To-
day, as far as I am- informed, these are the only
objections to the payment of these claims. There
may be others; but I am answering those which
were hitherto made when I reported on this case
four years ago. They were put then solely on
that ground.
I recollect that some person with very little
knowledge of the subject, probably a gentleman
of some distinction in the House of Represent-
atives, four or five years ago mado a random
speech about it, and said that in looking at the tes-
timony he found that fifty cents a pound had been
charged by these people for Sea Island cotton, and
I presume two thirds of that very learned body,
although not well skilled in cotton, thought of
course that was proof of fraud. There was not
a pound of Sea Island cotton in the United States
in 1812 or 1813 that was not worth the money.
He thought he had discovered a mare's nest, and
no doubt misled many intelligent men like him-
self. But now all question as to the reasonable-
ness, as to the justice of the original claims, has
been decided even by Secretaries of the Treasury.
It has been decided that they came within the act
and should get their money, and that the Govern-
ment was bound to give a judicial decision to these
people. She attempted it, and she established the
courts. The cases were tried m her own way, in
conformity to her own rules, by her judges; and
the Secretaries of the Treasury passed on these
people's claims, and the Government has paid the
.principal; but she says i« is not the custom of
the Treasury to pay interest, and there is the dif-
ficulty of the case; and that is all this bill pro-
poses—that the interest shall follow the principal.
In this stage of the proceeding, I will merely
state some of the leading principles, familiar I
doubt not to most Senators, on that question. We
had a difficulty with England under the treaty of
1783, as I believe we have had with regard to
every treaty we have made with her about some-
thing. On the settlement of the difficulties and
the allowance of pecuniary satisfaction interest
was paid. We had a difficulty with her about
the treaty of Ghent. We referred it to the Em-
peror of Russia, and he said we should have full
satisfaction, even for our slaves that she carried
away in contravention of the treaty of peace. Sub-
sequently, she said she would not pay interest.
The question was argued before the two Govern-
ments, and she finally paid five per cent, interest
to make the indemnification perfect. It was ar-
gued by our Government: " you are paying us in
1825 or 1830 for damages done in 1815 when you
took away the property; paying now for the prop-
erty you took away then, is no indemnification;
it is no satisfaction for the wrong; but in order to
do that you must pay us damages for the loss of
its use;" and that is most usual among- all civil-
ized countries, and it is generally ascertained, if
they choose, somewhat arbitrarily, by fixing upon
some rate of interest. She paid us five per cent.
Not long ago, another case arose in our rela-
tions with England, and I have before me an ar-
gument between Mr. Stevenson, when lie was our
Minister to England, and Lord Palmerston, on
the point. The Comet and Encomium were
taken into a British island, and they agreed to
pay for them. Wo demanded interest. Lord
Palmerston admitted that it was the settled policy
of the laws of nations, whenever indemnity or
satisfaction was to be made for an injury under
treaty stipulations, that there should be interest,
and he paid five per cent, interest. Our Govern-
ment has demanded it of all nations, and has re-
ceived it of all nations. It is in conformity to our
own publicist, one of the ablestin the world—Mr.
Wheaton—and recognized by Vattel and by Gro-
tius. It is a principle founded in justice. It is the
ordinary principle of the common law. Take the
common action of trespass for a damage to prop-
erty, or trover—which is the common law action
most common to recover the possession of the
property taken—the measure of damages is the
thing taken and interest upon its value for the de-
privation of its use up to the time that satisfaction
is rendered. That is the universal rule of common
law. I believe it is the same with the civil law;
but my friend from Louisiana is bettor acquainted
with that. Of course, it would be very far short
of that measure of complete justice which the
civil law renders if they gave no more than the
value of the thing destroyed, though satisfaction
be not made for ten or fifteen years afterwards.
I say this is the general principle of the com-
mon law; it is founded in justice; it is a univer-
sal principle of the laws of nations. It lias been
demanded by ourselves from others; yielded by
ourselves to others. Our Mexican commission
allowed interest; and the Government, through
your whole diplomacy, from the first treaty of
peace and independence, from 1783 until now, in all
your commissions, in all your judicial tribunals,
everywhere, you have demanded it, and to every-
body else you have paid it; and why not, then,
to these people? Why shall they be made an
exception? The words here are, that you shall
give'1 satisfaction;" and is paying the value of the
property taken forty years ago, satisfaction?
Upon what principle do you call it satisfaction ?
It is part satisfaction, to be sure. You destroyed
a man's crops in 1812 and 1813. Is it satisfac-
tion to pay him in 1840 what their value was in
1813 ? I am arguing now on the ground that you
have agreed to pay, and of course when you paid
the principal, you admitted that. The judge
gave a. judgment for the principal and five per
cent, interest, the interest running from the time
the injury was done up to the time the judgments
were rendered. The Government of the United
States paid the principal, but refused to pay the
interest. Now, I wish to know on what princi-
ple? It was under this mistake: Mr. Woodbury
said it was notthe custom to pay interest on do-
mesticdebts. We have heard a great deal about
that. It is not for Lhe reason I have stated, though
the rule is by no means universal, butis constantly
departed from by Congress; constantly varying
with the circumstances of the ease. The rule is,as
I have shown, that Governments being always pre-
sumed to be ready to pay their acknowledged debts,
it is deemed to be the fault of the creditor if ho does
not come up and demand it; and therefore the
Government is not bound, and ought not to be
bound under those circumstances, to pay interest.
But in this case you opened your courts, and
your creditors went in upon your own limitation,
as meager as your justice was, and presented
their-claims within twelve months, ana pursued
you through the courts; went to the Secretary of
the Treasury, demanded justice there; went to
your Supreme Court, demanded it there; went to
your Court of Claims, demanded it there; came
to Congress, demanded it here day after day, and
year after year. They have stood before the tribu-
nals of the country making perpetual claim of this
right, not for a moment being in default, not for
a moment abandoning it, not for an instant dis-
continuing it; but, greatly to the grievance of my
old friend, Judge Butler, as he said, pursuing
him with a zeal very inconsistent with his comfort
Mr. President, I am driven entirely to look
to the arguments which were made against this
measure some four years ago. No argument is
made in any of the courts against it, for its justice
is admitted by all the judges who have expresed
an opinion on the subject. There is no antag-
onistic position except that of Mr. Butler, and
when the report I have before me, made by myself
and Mr. Pettit at that time, was presented to the
Senate of the United States; and we argued it, as
you will find by turning to that document, exclu-
sively on the question that interest should be
paid. Then a majority of the Judiciary Commit-
tee said it should not be paid, because " late oper-
ations " meant not the invasion of 1812 and 1813,
but the invasion of 1814 or 1818; but Congress, by
the act of 1834, as 1 have stated, settled that, and
settled it forever, and had a right to settle it; and
was the proper party to settle it. These claimants
came to them and demanded of them to correct
the decision of the Treasury Department, and the
Congress of the United States carried out their
treaty stipulations with fidelity and honor by de-
claring that to be the true meaning of the treaty,
and telling the claimants to go to the proper tri-
bunal for those damages of 1812 and 1813. That
was the decision, final and just, and in conform-
ity with the treaty itself. Therefore, I say, I dis-
miss these questions, and I will not go into them.
It was said, though, that one of the clauses of
the act of 1834 was, that nothing should be paid
unless the damage was done after troops of the
United States entered the Territory. Well, Cen-
eralMatthews entered the Territory. The judges
have decided that. The truth was, that there were
no damages before he went in there, except for
the two or three days they were marching to Fer-
nandina. They embodied themselves on the Span-
ish side of the St. Mary's, and took Fernandina.
These operations at Fernandma were excluded.
The American agent took possession, and the
American army marched under the walls of Fer-
nandma, devastating the State and destroying
property. That was one of the questions to be
decided; and it has been judicially determined.
You agreed to give a judicial determination; it has
been had; and no w wo are asked to go behind that
