1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
Monday, and to make it the special order of the
day for Monday. He withdrew that motion, and
then the Senator from New Hampshire moved
simply to postpone; and the two propositions were
not before the Senate when the question was put.
Such is my recollection; and I inquire of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire if he did not submit
the motion which was finally put to the Senate—
not the original motion which was divided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Any member
can demand a division of the Senator's motion,
and that would present precisely the question
which has just been settled—that they will not
postpone. The Chair decides the motion not in
order.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 503) making fur-
ther appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1860, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the sixth, seventh, ninth, tenth, and
eleventh amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 4) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861; and had
disagreed to the first, second, third, fourth, fifth
eighth, and twelfth amendments of the Senate to
the said bill.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the first, fifth, sixth, seventh, and
ninth amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 499) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1860; disagreed to the fourth,
and eighth amendments of the Senate; and agreed
to the second and third amendments of the Senate
with amendments.
HOUSE BILL KEFERREB.
The bill (No. 503) making further appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30tli June, 1860,
was, on motion of Mr. Gwin, read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 4) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expanses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives; anil, on motion of Mr. Gwin, it was
Ordered, That the bill and the amendments be refined
to the Committee on Finance, and that they be printed.
MSfflCIEXCY BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. II. No. 499) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18G0, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, and
the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill; and, on motion of
Mr. Gwin, it was
Ordered, That the bill and amendments be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
RELATIONS OF STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st of
March, relative to the rights of the States, the
institution of slavery, the power of the Federal
Government over the Territories, the right of the
citizens of each State to emigrate to the Territo-
ries with any property recognized by the States,
and the duty to protect such rights of property.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the Senator from
Virginia proceeds, will he permit me to make a
motion fixing some time to take the vote on these
resolutions ?
Several Senators. That cannot be done.
Mr. BENJAMIN. When the Senator has fin-
ished I shall propose it.
The PRESi DING OFFICER. The Chair will
take this occasion to suggest, that it is not in the
power of the Senate to enforce such an ord^r; and
therefore it would not be in order to be enter-
tained. It could only be by common consent, and
general understanding, as to the fixing of any
hour. There is no previous question recognized
in the Senate, and debate cannot be closed at a
given hour; so that no given hour can be fixed
for taking the vote on any question.
Mr. MASON addressed the Senate for two
hours. [His speech will be published in the Ap-
pendixj
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way for
a motion for an executive session.'
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject untilMonday at one
o 'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. Any time that suits the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 addressed the Chair be-
fore the motion was put. I make no objection to
the postponement, but I desire to suggest that we
have a common understanding that when this
matter is taken up on Monday, we finish it. I
had proposed, this morning, to make a motion
that we should take the vote at a particular hour
on Monday. It is suggested that we cannot do
that; that if gentlemen choose to speak later than
the hour designated,it will be impossible to take
a vote at that hour. I shall, therefore, not make
that motion; but I trust no gentleman will find it
discourteous on Monday, if, after we begin the
debate on this subject, the Senate should refuse
to adjourn to enable him to make a set speech the
next day; but that those who desire to speak will
come here prepared to speak, and when the debate
is through as a debate,and no longer in the char-
acter of set speeches, let us take a vote. If wo
do not adopt that course, wo shall certainly be
unable to do any business this session.
Mr, TOOMBS. I concur with my friend from
Louisiana. If the Senate desires to have a vote
on the resolutions, it will afford me a great deal
of pleasure to say what I have to say now. [" Oh,
no!"] J desire to be heard; but if it suits the
Senate, 1 would as soon go on now.
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask a short executive session,
if it meets the approbation of the Senate. There
are .some matters which ouj ht to be attended to.
Mr. HALE and Mr. WILSON. Oh, no; let
us go on.
Mr. BROWN. It is too late now.
Mr. GREEN. The subject has already been
postponed; and I move un executive session.
Mr. HALE. I move to reconsider the -vote
postponing the subject until Monday. I under-
stand the Senator from Georgia is as ready to go
on now as Monday. ["No!"]
Mr. TOOMBS. I soy, if the Senate desires to
conclude the question, I will go on now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We cannot take a vote
to-day, because it is not expected; but if it is
announced in advance that we shall go on upon
Monday, and, as soon as the debate is through,
take a vote, it will interfere with nothing else.
Mr. HALE. I think that comcs a little un-
graciously from the Senator from Louisiana. The
whole talking1 has been on the other side of the.
House. Some of us may want to say a word or
tWO.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from New
Hampshire does not understand me surely, or he
would not have made the remark. I propose that
on Monday next, after the Senator from Georgia
has spoken, we go on with the debate, and hear
every gentleman that desires to be heard, but have
no more adjournments for the purpose of having
set speeches. I propose to continue the debate
until wo are ready to vote.
Mr. HALE ™ "
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GREEN. Now, I beg of the Senate to
give me a short executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors,were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 18, I860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was readandapproved.
JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr HICKMAN, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report .the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a minority of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary be, and are hereby, authorized to take testimony of
all witnesses in the matter of the petitions heretofore re-
terredtosaid committee, praying the impeachment of Hon.
John C. W.urous, ajudgo, of tUe United States for the east-
ern district of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, the necessity for that resolution.
arises from the difficulty which exists in keeping
present continuously a quorum of the Committee
on the Judiciary. It is necessary, in order to get
through with the matter we have before us, to sit
during the sessions of the House, and, in order
that we may do so with a practical result, I am
directed to offer the resolution before the House.
There was no objection to the introduction of
the resolution; and it was adopted.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on the Judiciary on several bills in
reference to the Court of Claims.
I move that the substitute I report, and the
bills I report back, be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and, with the accom-
panying written report, ordered to be printed.
The title of the bill I report is as follows: " A bill
to repeal an act entitled * An act establishing a
court for the investigation of claims against the
United States,'approved February 24,1855, and
the several acts amendatory thereof and relative
thereto, and to provide for the determination of
claims against the United States in the district
and circuit courts of the United States." I am
instructed to report adversely on the following
papers, and to move, also, that they may be
printed, in order that the House may have before
it all the propositions that have been made on the
subject. There is one bill introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] one by
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] and
one by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow.]
Mr. COBB. I certainly object to an adverse
report upon my bill. I think that the proposition
I have offered ought to be adopted by the House.
M r. REYNOLDS. If the gentleman is desirous,
I will withhold his bill.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to the com-
mittee retaining it, if they want to reconsider their
action on it.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand that these bills
are only reported for the purpose of having them
printed.
Mr. REYNOLDS. Yes, sir. The papers I am
instructed to report on adversely are these:
Senate bill No. 53, to amend an act to estab-
lish a court for the investigationof claims against
the United States, approved February 24, 1855;
House bill No. 46, to repeal an act to estab-
lish a Court of Claims;
House bill No. 25, to amend an act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States, so as to permit the creditors of
the Government to sue in the district courts of the
United States;
House bill No. 98, to amend an act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States, approved February 24, 1855;
and
A remonstrance of members of the Philadelphia ,
bar agamst the proposed amendment of the act
establishing a court to investigate claims against
the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON. If my colleague on the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary will permit me, I will put
a question. There seem to be three or four bills
reported back, all of which propose a repeal, in
one form or another, of the act establishinga Court
of Claims. I was not present when there was
action in the committee on these cases. I would
ask what it is proposed to do ?
Mr. REYNOLDS. I report a substitute for
all the propositions referred to us, and I move that
it be printed with the accompanying report; and,
in order that the whole subject may be before the
House, I move that the bills reported on adversely
also be printed. To keep the subject before the
House, I move that the subject be recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON, it is hardly worth while to
have the bills reported on adversely, printed. I
presume that the better course would be to h-Tve
