1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
is due to my professed political faith; it is due to
the exigency of the country, and to the honest
Democracy, whose votes, in some degree, contrib-
uted to my election, that I should give the reasons
which have prevailed with me. As to the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] I
have already said there are no objections of a per-
sonal character. I may say of him, as I can say
with equal justice of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who is the nominee of the
Republican party, that lie possesses the great es-
sential requisites for the place; tliey are gentle-
men. I beg to be understood that I have never
heard one single personal objection urged against
either of them, even in this hour of excitement
and peril.
I have called myself a Democrat. Some two
weeks ago, in the course of a few observations
which I had the honor to address to this House,
in response to some remarks of my honorable
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Millsov,] I called
myself a Democrat, in good and regular standing.
When 1 referred to my standing in the Democratic
party, I of course spoke in irony, because I am
well aware that, in the present condition of polit-
ical parties in this country, no man who has
made the large departures from the practice of the
party which I have already made, and wlucli, if
essential to t he discharge of my duty to the country,
I am ready to make again, can be called an ortho-
dox Democrat. 1 do not claim to bo in full com-
munion. When I use the term Democrat, I refer
not to mere organization: I have reference to the
principles and policy of the Democratic party, as
I understand those principles and that policy, and
as I desire that they shall prevail. The terms
Democrat and Democracy are used familiarly
upon all sides of the House. To my surprise, no
man has yet defined the meaning of the words. I
shall occupy a single moment m the attempt to
define what I mean by the term Democrat. If it
designates the man who always votes the printed
ticket—to use the language of an honorable mem-
ber of this House, whose name has escaped me—
I am not a Democrat. 1 call myself a State-
rights Democrat; but if that term designates the
man who asserts the right of a State to dissolve
the Union whenever its people are disaffected orin
passion or alarm, I am not a State-rights Dem-
ocrat. If the term Democrat still signifies the
man who, inspiied by those principles of civil lib-
erty, for the maintenance of which the Constitu-
tion was formed, seeks by his political action
to hold this Confederation of States m the place
in which that Constitution was designed to hold
them, and who, as essential to that end, desires
an honest and frugal and economical administra-
tion of the Federal Government, and a just, strict,
and faithful observance of all the giants and lim-
itations of power conferred by the States and by
the people, 1 am a Democrat. Cut I will say, once
for all, that whenever the term Democrat shah
lose its ancient and its honored significance, for
one, 1 am ready to throw it aside, as I would a
cast-off garment. I call myself a Democrat, be-
cause, under that name, I came into the Thirty-
Fifth Congress. 1 call myself a Democrat, because,
under the same name, 1 again, with principles un-
changed and unchangeable, bear the commission
of my constituency.
i\lr. Clerk, I came into the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress a friend, as I supposed, to the administra-
tion of Mr. Buchanan.
And, sir, in my humble way, and within the
range of my limited political experience, I gave
my aid to that Administration so far as the higher
allegiance which I bear to my country would al-
low. I differed from that Administration in regard
to its whole teiritonal policy; I dissented from its
recommendations touching tin: admission of new
States. And, sir, unconsciously, as^ it were, I
found myself, before the close of the first session
of Congress, voting on most important measures
in concert with an organization which 1 sincerely
believed to be dangerous to the peace and security
of my country.
Mr. Clerk, no man gains anything for himself
by asserting the parity of his motives. The merit
or dement of his public acts must be deteimmed
by their influence upon the destinies of his coun-
tiy. 'I will, however, take the liberty to say, that
in ev-'ry measure that was presented to me for my
consideration, m the Thirty-Fifth Congress, I
yielded to the strength of my judgment and the
force of my convictions. I believed, and still
believe, that I was right.
At the close of the first session of the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, I returned to my home, tired and
disgusted with the pains and pleasures of public
life. It may have, charms for others; it had none
for me. I contemplated a return to those pursuits
congenial to my tastes; and I should not have
been diverted from my purpose, but that I felt, as
I thought, the hand of the Administration press-
ing hard upon the popular liberty of the people
of my district. I ascertained that the Federal
office-holders, in the city of Now York, had de-
termined that I should not be returned to Con-
gress, because, while here, I had failed to uphold
the hand that fed them. A convention, in nom-
inal accordance with the usages of the Democratic
party, was called in mydistrict; but it was stuffed
with Federal and municipal office-holders, intenton
my political destruction. Sir, those office-holders
supposed (I do not pretend to say how truly) that
they were acting in obedience to the requirements
of the Administration, and, utterly regardless of
the wishes of the Democracy of my district, ut-
terly regardless of the wishes of as intelligent a
constituency as saw the light of this morning's
sun, they determined that I should not be returned
to Congress. No alternative was left mc but to
break down that organization, or to surrender the
independence of my constituency.
Mr. Clerk, as an American citizen, recognizing
our peculiar form of Government, and not satis-
fied that it is as yet converted, even in our north-
ern cities, into a despotism of office-holders, and
determined that no invasion of the great right of
representation should, by my consent, be permit-
ted, at the hands of this or any other Adminis-
tration, I acceptcd the nomination of two gentle-
men of that convention, and, upon their invitation,
offered myself to the electors of my distiiet as a
candi late for Congress, upon the Democratic plat-
form, as I construed it then, and as, sir, I con-
strue it now. The result is, that 1 am here, re-
turned by a constituency as conservative as any
in the country, and that in defiance of the Dem-
ocratic organization.
I acknowledge no allegiance to man or to polit-
ical organization; and I am to-day as free from
the chains-of mere organization as the air that
waves the flag that floats above us. But, sir, to
this question of the Speakership.
I tlunk that gentlemen on all sides of the House
attribute an undue degree of importance to this
question of the Speakership. Perhaps I do not
understand the responsibilities and the powers of
that place. But, sir, it has seemed to mc, and I
cannot restrain the expression of my belief, that
ill the earlier and better days of our history, ere
party spirit had fastened its fangs on the vitals
of this Republic, no such scenes as we have wit-
nessed here would have transpired. It has been
reserved for a day when two great sectional par-
tics (for each side charges the other with section-
alism) struggle with each other for the power and
place and patronage of the Government. Gentle-
men, I think it is time that the American people
awake to the dangeis which environ them. If it
was possible, I would raise my voice till it should
reach the remotest settlement upon the border. I
would say to my countrymen that the Consti-
tution, the foundations of which were cemented
with the blood of their fathers and mine, is in
danger of being overthrown amid the conflicts of
political parties, shorn of all political principles,
except such as appertain to the question of slavery
—slavery, gentlemen, which, whether right or
wrong, whether a blessing or a curse, whether
the highest or the lowest type of civilization, has,
in my judgment, no just, proper, and appropriate
place in American politics. And yet, sir, we have
no politics bui slavery. It was said that the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia was the candi-
date of the Administration party in this House.
Now, sir, if there is an Administration paity m
this House I do not know precisely where to lo-
cate it. If there was an Administration party in
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, I was unable to locate
it. But, sii, this is immaterial.
Mr. ADRA1N. With the permission of my
friend from New York, I would remind him that
upon a certain occasion in the last Congress, Mr.
Letcher, now Governor of Virginia, said that it
was perfectly evident to the whole House that
there was no Administration party in it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. True, sir; but
the matter is immaterial. The objection that the
honorable gentleman from Virginia was the can-
didate of the Administration party in this House,
was not, of itself alone, the reason why I did not
give him my support, although I will say, and I
desire it to be distinctly understood, that one clear
and well-defined element in my last canvass for
Congress, was opposition to the Administration.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. With pleasure,
sir.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from New York, and to the House, and,
as the stereotyped phrase is, "to the country,"
that I never yet knew that Mr. Bocock was the
candidate of the Administration. I, sir, am a
Democrat, but I do not know that I owe any par-
ticular allegiance to the Administration. The
gentleman may have his particular views about
the Administration. So far as the President is
concerned, while he undertakes to carry out the
laws of the land, and to maintain the Constitu-
tion which lie lias sworn to support, I am willing
to give him aid and comfort. But I desire to say
to the gentleman from New York, that if we have
heart-burnings they are with us. He may think
that officers of the Administration have fought
against him.
Mr. CLARK, ofNew York. I have no heart-
burnings about'it. I care nothing about it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. While I spurn all this tallc
concerning the Administration and Administration
men, I am here to do my duty. I supported Mr.
Bocock consistently, without reference to what
may have been his feelings in regard to the Ad-
ministration. All I wanted to know was, if ho
was for the Constitution and the Union and the
laws; was he willing to carry out the mission of
the Democratic party; was he willing to stand by
the Constitution and its compromises.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I did not yield
for a speech; I yielded for a suggestion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If heal t-burnings on ac-
count of the interference of public officers against
any man would authorize him to go against the
Administration and its candidate, I am the man
who would be justified in doing it. But I did not
consider Mr. Bocock as the candidate of the Ad-
ministration, and I hope the gentleman from New
York will not so consider him.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Clerk, the
honorable gentleman from Louisiana has misun-
derstood me. 1 said that the fact, if fact it be,
that the honorable gentleman from Virginia was
the candidate of the Administration party in this
House, if such a party there he, was not of itself
the only reason why that honorable gentleman
did not receive my support. But, sir, I will now,
after the interruption of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, say a few words touching this question of
my relations to the Administration.
Sir, I have no personal quarrel with the Ad-
ministration or with any of its members, and I
never had. I have no animosities to indulge, and
never had. 1 have no injuries to redress or
wiongs to revenge. I do notremember that I have
ever made anyrequost of the President which
request was not granted, or for sufficient cause
declined. I recognize among the gentlemen con-
nected with Mr. Buchanan's administration some
of the best and purest men whom it has been my
fortune to meet in public life. From almost all
ofthem, I believe, I have accepted of those hospi-
talities which, m accordance with the usages of
civilized life, one gentleman may tender and an-
other accept without the giver or the recipient
being placed under the slightest personal obliga-
tion. Mr. Clerk, I accord to them and to each of
them all the respe«t which is due to official sta-
tion; I yield the reverence which the American
citizen naturally pays to advancing years and
lengthened labors in the service of his country. I
claim, utterly disclaim, that I am now, ever have
been, or that I ever can be governed in my po-
litical action in respect of this question of the
Speakership, or any other public question, by
any such depraved motive as personal animosity.
Sir, my antagonism to the Administration—if
such it may be called—is purely political, and not
personal; and I think, sir, that I express the
opinion of all those gentlemen who are denomi-
i nated anti-Lecompton Democrats when I say that
