208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
they would regard the indulgence of private griefs
in the discharge of their public duty as beneath
the dignity of the Representative of the American
people, 1 have, sir, no relations with the Ad-
ministration, or any of them, which would subject
me to embarrassment in dealing with them in re-
spect of their public acts as they have dealt with
tnemselves.
Mr. Clerk, I ask the attention of the House now
for a few minutes while I state the real and con-
trolling reasons which prevented me from giving
my support to the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia. No one can have failed to remark—I al-
lude to it merely in passing—that the support
which that honorable gentleman received came
for the most part from Representatives of south-
ern constituencies. Sir, that were immaterial; for
I .disclaim that I am either a scctional man, or
that I have any sympathy with such; but no gen-
tleman can have failed to observe that appeals
have been made to southern Representatives in
this House, by honorable and distinguished gen-
tlemen, (Representatives of the South,) to rally
to the support of the honorable gentleman from
Virginia upon .sectional grounds.
Mr. Clerk, while I mourn that such appeals arc
made, I am, in view of them, at liberty to say
that, as a northern man, I must never forget that
if—which may Heaven prevent—the final catas-
trophe, of which we hear predictions, is to come
upon us; if m truth it be (which I will not be-
lieve) that the Union of these States must indeed
be severed, whether ia violence or in peace, my
fortunes and my fate are with the North.
Mr. Clerk, I cannot omit to notice in this con-
nection the declarations which have fullun from
distinguished gentlemen to the etflect that if the
people of the northern States shall, in the year
ensuing, elcct a President in conformity with the
provisions of the Constitution, and the issue of
such election shall be unacceptable us to platform
and candidate to the people of the southern States,
the result will work a severance of the tie that
binds these States.
Mr. Clerk, these are no idle decollations. They
are not the unguarded utterances of debate. They
are the solemn asseverations of eminent and mtelh-
gentmen, m view o fan event which they assert they
nave reason to anticipate, and m respect of which
they assume to speak the sentiments of their con-
stituencies. Who can have forgotten that the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Curry J
broke his silence, and told us of the determination
of this people; and who could doubt his sincerity as
he listened to his calm and statesmanlike declara-
, tions? I have not forgotten that the distinguished
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. CiiAwronp,] speak-
ing in behalf of the delegation of his State, pro-
fessing to speak the sentiments of the people of
his State, and of her Representatives in this House
and in the other branch of Congress, declared, if
my recollection be accurate, that his people and
himself were for independence of the Union now.
Mr. CRAWFORD. What did the gentleman
say in reference to a Senator's remark? J thought
T understood him to allude to some remark which
fell from a Senator from Georgia.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. No, sir; I was
alluding to a remark which fell from the honor-
able gentleman himself.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say to the honor-
able gentleman that [ spoke for the delegation
front my State in this House; -and I will take this
occasion to say—if it be any gratification to the
gentleman—that I might have included both the
distinguished Senators from that State in the other
end of the Capitol.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, it is no gratifica-
tion to me to hear the declaration.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a correction? The gentleman
from New York correctly understood the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] to state that
' he spoke the sentiments of the delegation from
that State, in declaring that, in the event of the
election of William H. Slvvard as President of
the United States, upon the scctional platform
which ho has announced-, they would advise the
people of Georgia to resist his inauguration, and
prepare for independence; but the gentleman only
spoke for himself when he said he was for inde-
pendence now.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I beg pardon of
the honorable gentleman from Georgia. It was
not my intention to misrepresent him in the slight-
est degree. I will only stop here to remind the
gentleman that it has been said that Russia is a
despotism, tempered by assassination, and that
it may be well that the Constitution of the United
States, which he insists that the people of the
North shall respect, provides itself the machinery,
by means of which, without re volution or assassin-
ation or violence, it is impossible that any Pres-
ident of the United States, elected by the Repub-
lican party or otherwise, can ever safely trample
upon the rights of even the feeblest of the States
which now share its protection. [Applause in
the galleries.]
Mr. Clerk, I will make no further comments
upon these bold expressions. I but refer to them,
and, without intending to dwell, will simply ask
you gentlemen, how can a man born and educated
at the North, with the traditions of whose child-
hood is inseparably interwoven that reverence for
the Union of these States which would cause such
utterances to palsy his tongue, have political sym-
pathy in respect of the mere question of organiza-
tion, for the sake of organization, with honorable
gentlemen who thus express the real sentiments
of their constituents?
1 am free to say that such opinions afford no
cause why one dissenting from them should aban-
don his political faith, or change his political ac-
tion; but I have the right to refer to the fact of
then* expression, and to call upon honorable gen-
tiemen on the other side of the House, the Repre-
sentatives of Stales, other than those to which I
have referred, to inform gentlemen occupying the
position of myself and my colleagues, the extent
to which those opinions an: entertained. I see
before me the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] who has been placed in nomina-
tion by the honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Botei.kr) whose name has been before us
for several days in connection with the Speaker-
ship. From that gentleman 1 have never heard
fall one, single word which would indicate to my
mind that the sons of Virginia were ready to tear
into tatters the Constitution which their fathers
gave to mine and to mankind. I desire to hear from
him, and from other Representatives of that hon-
ored Commonwealth, and to be informed whether,
in that great State winch was the birthplace, the
homo, and the grave, of the Father of his Country,
and winch, to this hour, has Ins sacred remains m
her holy keeping, those words of affection and
reverence for the Union which have characterized
all her great names to the present hour, are now
lost to the language which Washington spoke.
Mr. Clerk, I am aware that the honorable gen-
tlemen from Virginia, who was the candidate of
the Democratic organization m this House for the
place of Speaker, has not thus spoken; nor do I
believe that he would thus speak; but the ques-
tion has more than once presented itself to my
mind: could that distinguished gentleman, patri-
otic as 1 know him to be, if placed in that chair
by the votes of large numbers of gentlemen en-
tertaining such sentiments of disunion, wholly
disregard the influences which placed him in
power? If any man could) he could; but, sir,
could any man? Mr. Clerk, the great control-
ling objection in the way of my support of that
honoiable gentleman arises from his record in
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, And, sir, I make this
further reference to the subject, because there has
now been placed in nomination before this House,
for the place of Speaker, the honorable gentleman
[Mr. IVLm.son] to whom I have expressly re-
ferred; and, of the gentlemen whom it has been
my fortune to have met in Congress, I think I
may say there is none to whom, circumstances
not prohibiting, 1 would more cheerfully giw
my support. 1 refer to the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Mti.i.son.] I watched that
gentleman's course in the last Congress. I hud
heard of him before, and I came here honoring
him, and to this hour 1 honor him for his inde-
pendent and manly resistance, in the Thirty-Third
Congress, to the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise line. But, sir, the observations which it is
my privilege to make, for the purpose of explain-
ing to such of my Democratic constituents as
gave me their confidence the reasons of my dec-
imation to give my support to the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] are equally
applicable to the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson.] Each of those honorable
gentlemen gave their votes, in the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, in aid of the Kansas policy of the
Administration.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia, who
was the original candidate of the Democratic or-
ganization, [Mr. Bocock,] gave his vote for the
admission of Minnesota with an unequal repre-
sentation—a representation, in my opinion, un-
just to my State and to my constituency. He
voted for the admission of Oregon—Oregon, the
youngest of the States, welcome now, welcome
always, but unwelcome when she came, because,
in my judgment, not then entitled to admission.
He gave that vote regardless of the fact that he
thus placed her slender numbers upon a footing
with that great Commonwealth of which he is an
honored Representative, and with that greater
State which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent. He thus, by his vote and by his influence,
sanctioned the territorial policy of the Adminis-
tration. By his support of this policy of bringing
into the Union as States these half-grown com-
munities, he gave his assent to a system of pol-
icy which, in my judgment, overthrows the whole
equilibrium of our Federal system. Can I now give
my support to cither of those honorable gentle-
men without impliedly yielding my acquiescence
to a policy which I believe to be almost as danger-
ous to the peace and harmony of this Republic
as 1 regard this interminable wrangle about the
question of slavery ?
Mr. Clerk, a few words more, and I have done.
When canvassing for my election to the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, I placed before my constituency
the issue which arose m the last Congress touch-
ing the question of the admission of Kansas into
the Union. I submitted the question fairly, and
upon its merits. I appealed to Democrats, to
Whigs, to Republicans, to Americans, and to
men independent of the several party organiza-
tions, to determine, by the event of my election or
defeat, whether that policy was right or wrong.
By their determination of that issue, they decided
that Kansas ought not to have been admitted
! under the constitution which was here proffered
in the name of her people. They decided, sir,
that those people who went to Kansas—your
j countrymen and mine—to lay the foundations of
the State in which they and their children were
to live—who went there to find homes and graves
—were entitled to his protection and to mine
against the assaults of strangers, and against the
frauds, of which the Lecompton constitution is
now almost universally acknowledged to have
been the success. They decided that that feeble
people, humble and inconsiderable as they were,
whom we, during the scenes of the first session
of the last Congress, saw struggling there to keep
alive the torch of civil liberty which they had
carried with them there, were entitled to his pro-
tection and mine. They condemned the policy
of the bill providing for the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union, which required the submis-
sion of the people of Kansas to that constitution,
as a condition of present admission. They con-
demned the application of the rule of population,
a rule just in itself which ought to have been at
first applied to Kansas, and which my honorable
friend from Virginia refused to apply to Oregon,
after it had been applied to Kansas. And they
thus condemned the whole territorial policy of the
j Administration, so far as that policy related to
• that Territory. I feel myself bound by this judg-
! ment of my constituents, for it is in all respects in
] accord wjtli my own.
; Now, the honorable gentleman from Virginia
! [Mr. Bocock] who was first brought forward as
! a candidate for the Speakership, and my friend
[Mr. Millsokt] who receives the strong support
j of the Democratic organization since the with-
| drawalofthe former, are, asl understand, by their
, record and by their opinions and by their rela-
i tion to the Democratic organization in this House,
committed to sustain that policy, while I, sir,
am irrevocably committed against it. How can
i, sir,give my supportfor the Speakership to any
gentleman who is committed to sustain a course
of public policy which I am committed to oppose?
I feel, sir, that if I had given my vote for that
honorable gentleman, gratifying as it might have
been to me personally, I should have failed to
observe those obligations which result from the
issues of my canvass. I feel that I should be
recreant to the trust with which my constituents
