1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whether they are authorized to make reports at
any time on matters outside of those referred to
them.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon laying
the appeal upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair have the
resolution of the 5th of March, organizing this
committee, read ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and others,
objected.
The SPEAKER. That resolution is not here.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, under
the demand for the yeas and nays on the motion
to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. BRANCH stated that he had been re-
quested to announce that Mr. Landrum had
paired off with Mr. Hale until Saturday next,
at twelve o'clock.
Before the Clerk had concluded the call of the
roll,
Mr. BURNETT said: Since the Clerk com-
menced calling the roll, I have seen the resolution
under which the committee was? appointed. I am
satisfied that the Chair has decided correctly, and
T will therefore ask leave to withdraw the appeal.
The resolution confers larger powers on the com-
mittee than I had supposed that it did. I think
the House ought never to have given such powers
to the committee.
There being no objection, the appeal was with-
drawn .
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a branch of that
resolution that I did not know was in it. I un-
derstand that it proposes to authorize the com-
mittee to have their testimony printed, from time
to time, as they please. I do not know what is
meant by that—whether it is to be printed merely
for the private use of the committee. If the com-
mittee intend to keep it in their own possession,
then 1 have no objection to it; but if the report is
to go to the publicby piecemeal, every gentleman
wilt see at once that it would be wrong, and might
do injustice to parties who might be implicated by
the testimony.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the same
privilege has been extended to a dozen commit-
tees since I have been a member of the House;
and has been extended, during this session, to
the Judiciary Committee, of which the gentleman
from Alabama is a member.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that it has
been extended to the Judiciary Committee. It
was extended to them at the last session on my
motion; but 1 expressly stated that the testimony
so printed would be under the control of the com-
mittee, and would not be allowed to be made
public.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask if this debate is in
order ?
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. Asa member of
the select committee, I desire to say a word. There
seems to be some dispute among some of the mem-
bers of the committee.
Mr. EDWARDS. I object to debate. The
previous question has been demanded.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I am a member
of this committee, and I desire to make a state-
ment personal to myself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
colleague will be heard.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. One of the mem-
bers of the committee has stated that this resolu- I
tion was not ordered to be reported, as he under- j
stood. I only rise for the purpose of saying that i
I have no recollection of being piesent at an^
meeting of the committee when authority was j
given to report this resolution. I do not say that j
it was not done: but I was not present wlien such ;
authority was conferred. !
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw the demand for :
a division of the question, with the understanding i
that this evidence is to be used confidentially, and i
to be kept m the hands of the committee. j
Mr. WINSLOW. I beg leave to say, in jus-
tice to myself and to my colleague on the com- '
mittec, [Mi. Robinson,] that we were not present
when this resolution was agreed to, as the min-
utes of the committee show. I was taken by
surprise when the resolution was offered. I had
previously informed the chairman of the commit-
tee that I would not consent to the resolution; and
I did not suppose it possible that the discourtesy
would be done me to take up the resolution when
I was not present. There is no doubt that it
would be a great convenience to have the testi-
mony printed; but as to making it, when printed,
confidential, and keeping it from the public eye,
you, Mr. Speaker, with all your power, in that
chair, and this House, cannot do that.
Mr. HOUSTON". I know that, during the last
Congress, the Committee on the judiciary had a
large amount of ^evidence printed for the use of
the members of the committee, but no particle of
that evidence went out to the public.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr upon the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL. «
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the House this morn-
ing to take up the motion to reconsidcr the vote
upon the Military Academy bill. It will give rise
to no debate, and we are very anxious to dispose
of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand the
regular order of business—the special order, the
steamboat passenger bill.
Mr. TAPPAN. Is it in order to move to post-
pone the special order?
The SPEAKER. It is
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I move to postpone the
special order until Tuesday next, with a view of
taking up the Private Calendar to-day.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that the motion to
reconsidcr is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
cannot take precedence of the special order.
Mr. TAPPAN. I have moved to postpone the
special order until Tuesday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The motion
to postpone is debatable, and I propose to say a
word upon it. I trust the gentleman from New
Hampshire will not press his motion. I trust
that he will permit this matter to come up and be
disposed of at once. It will take but a short
time.
Mr. HUGHES. I trust the gentleman will
press his motion.
Mr. TAPPAN. I suppose it will consume the
entire sitting of the House to-day. I think it is
due to the private claimants of the Government
that we shuiild have one day in a fortnight for
the consideration of private bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe I
have the floor. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire understands perfectly well that this is not
objection day. It is a day upon which general
discussion is allowed; and no progress can be
made ill Committee of the Whole if we go there.
I therefore hope the gentleman will not press his
motion. I will state fuitlicr, that this special or-
der stands on the motion to commit, presumed by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,]
upon which 1 intend to demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BARR. I object to all debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man can object as long as he pleases. I am in
order m speaking on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STANTON. Is that motion debatable?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of couise
the motion to postpone is debatable. But, Mr.
Speaker, there is a question of order which 1 wish
to present m this connection. As I understand
it, a special order cannot be postponed unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. TAPPAN. I understand that a special
order can be postponed by a majority vote.
The SPEAKER. The than-so understands it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
I hope the House will not consent to postpone
this bill.
Mr. TAPPAN. I call the previous question
011 the motion to postpone.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man has not the floor for that purpose.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment? .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir; I
will hear what the gentleman from Iowa has to
say.
Mr. BARR. I o,bjept?, unless the
from Illinois yields fhe floor altogether.' * .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of 'Illinois- Then I will
proceed. The gentleman from Georgia lias movejd
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Com-
merce. Now, I win make this proposjtipn to kiro:
if he will, and the House will, consent that tjiis
bill may be recommitted, with leave to the c,QOi-
mittee to report at any time—if they will do that,
I will consent to have the bill recommitted.
Mr CLARK, of New York. That capnot be
done without unanimous consent, and I will ob-
ject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
does the gentleman from Georgia object to that
arrangement ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to the
Committee on Commerce having leave to report
at any time, if the bill can Do recommitted. If the
bill is to be passed, I want it made as perfect as
possible.
The SPEAKER. The question is on post-
poning the special order.
Mr. CURTIS. Iam opposed to tljat. J am
satisfied that it will do no good to go into q. Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
This is not objection day. If it would, I would
be in favor of going into committee, and going on
with the Private Calendar; but it is evident that
we should accomplish nothing; and I hope, there-
fore, that \ye shall go on and finish our action on
this bill, and that on Tuesday next wc shall take
up the Pacific railroad question and dispose pf
that.
Mr. CAMPRELL. I wish to give notice that
as soon as this matter is disposed of, either by
postponement or m any other way, I shall call
up the Nebraska contested-election case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There seems
to be objection to the proposition I made—to com-
mit, with leave to report at any time. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania says that if this bill
is postponed, he will call up the Nebraska con-
tested-election case. That will certainly take pre-
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from New
Hampshire. I hope, therefore, he will withdraw
the motion to postpone.
Mr. TAPPAN. If that case comes up, wc will
postpone that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be no objection to the proposition to recom-
mit, with leave to report at any time
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope there will
be no objection. Thatisevidently the bestcourse.
Mr. CURTIS. I shall object to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I de-
mand the previous question on the motion to
•recommit.
Mr. TAPPAN. The question is on the motion
to postpone; and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. TAPPAN called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers weic ordered; and Messrs. Branch and
Tafpan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 55, noes 68.
Mr. BRANCH called for the yeas and nays on
,the motion.
The yeas and nays were not oidered.
So the House refused to postpone the special
order.
The question then recurred on the motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before de-
manding the previous question on the motion to^
recommit, I uesire to make a brief statement ol
the condition of this bill. I say, I propose to de-
mand the previousquestion on the pending motion
to recommitmaile by the gentleman from Georgia.
This will bring the House fust to vote upon the
motion to recommit; that,l trust, will be voted
down. Then the House will be brought to a vote
upon the engrossment and third reading of the
bill. I hope the friends of the bill will vote for
the engrossment and third leading, and that it will
be engrossed and read a third time. Then the
previous question will have exhausted itself. I
propose, then, to move to reconsider the vote by
which it was engrossed; and if that motion shall
be carried, I will offer my substitute, which will
include such amendments to the first section as
were odopted by the House when the bill was last
