3118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
has been examined in this office, and its validity certified
by me."
That is his business; that is what we have an
Attorney General for. We are not lawyers; or
we might differ anyhow, even if we were the best
lawyers, because there arc political reasons; but
here is the Attorney General of the United States,
who certifies to the validity of this title; and al-
though I do not say that that is conclusive, I say
it is enough for us, unless you can prove that it
is not valid. The onus, then, rests upon those
who are opposed to this scheme in the Senate, to
prove that the title is a bad title.
Now, you say that the United States cannot
own exclusive jurisdiction over the soil of a for-
eign nation. I grant it. But the United States,
as the United States, do not pretend or undertake
to own any exclusive jurisdiction. The United
States come in as any mercantile firm or any in-
dividual might, to buy a certain piece ofland;and
it is the policy of the Government of New Gran-
ada to allow the United States to do it; and 1 will
read the proof of that from the report made to the
House of Representatives on this subject:
" This is evidenced by the action of the Granadian Sen-
ate, when the Oass-IIerran treaty was under consideration.
It was then declared that,' if the United States wanted
depots for their Navy or merchant vessels, the isthmus or
its island* were an free to them as the ocean. Our lawa do
not oppose, but encourage it—that foreign citizens have, in
the whole of the Granadian territory, the right to purchase
or lease, and possess any kind of real estate whatever''
Now, if that is not so, let it bo disputed. If
that is the law in New Granada, cannot the Uni-
ted States acquire a perfect title by purchase from
this company, whose title our Attorney General,
our highest authority, tells us is perfect? I do
not see how you can get over that.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow rac to interrupt him, what he has just
read says that it is the policy of the New Granad lan
Government to allow foreign citizens to acquiie
the title, but not a foreign Government. That is
a very different affair. Allowing an individual,
a citizen of n foreign country, to come in and pur-
chase real estate is one thing; but allowing a for-
eign Government to come within the jurisdiction
of another and purchase the soil, is a very differ-
ent thing, 1 apprehend.
Mr. HAMMOND. It is a great mistake to
suppose there is any diffeience, unless the foreign
Government intends to set up a jurisdiction. Our
Government docs not intend to set up any juris-
diction It purchases as individuals do. All Gov-
ernments have done it. We have done it our-
selves. It is not nn uncommon custom.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Well, I submit that we
purchase it by treaty; by arrangement with the
Government of which we make the purchase.
Mr. HAMMOND. Not always. This com-
pany, according to the laws of New Granada,
as I understand them, have as much right to sell
to us, and we have as much right to buy from
them a thousand or five hundred acres of land,
on which to put our naval stores, an any individ-
ual. If we were to send officers there, and at-
tempt to establish anything like an exclusive Gov-
emmentunder the forms of our Constitution, that
would be a different thing. But the United States
goes there in the shape of merchants, as individ-
uals, as a firm, to buy; and why should we be ex-
cluded, or any nation excluded, from buying a
depot, there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I submit to the honorable
Senator, by the treaty with New Granada we have
provided that we may purchase a naval depot not
to exceed one hundred acres; but does not the
very fact that we have to do it by treaty neces-
sarily exclude the idea that we can purchase five
thousand acres on the soil of New Granada of an
individual and own it as the Government of the
United States?
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not think it does.
Mr. GRIMES. Can the Senator point out an
instance in Europe where this Go\ornmentorany
other has purchased a naval depot, without pui-
chasmg it through the Government, or of the Gov-
ernment that owned the jurisdiction?
Mr, HAMMOND. "Well, I am not familiar
with the actual transactions, but I know this: all
naval Governments have naval depots, more or
less, all over the world.
Mr. GRIMES. By treaty stipulations between
the Governments.
Mr. HAMMOND, Wherever there is a ces-
sion of exclusive jurisdiction, there is a treaty;
but where there is no cession of that sort, that is
not always requisite.
Mr. SEWARD. I will suggest what occurs
to me on this subject in regard to the question
put by the Senator from Iowa. Many European
Governments have houses for their ministers in
the capitals of other States. In Rome, especially,
some of them have very expensive and magnifi-
cent palace—the French and the Neapolitans,
and so on—in which their ministers reside.
Mr. GRIMES. The title, however, is held in
the name of some man as trustee.
Mr. SEWARD. No; the title is held by the
foreign Government, with the will and consent
of the domestic Government, and subject to the
general laws of the State. They are simply oc-
cupied ashouseholders, with the privilege of dom-
icile, and are subject to the general law.
Mr. HAMMOND, There is a clem- statement
made in the Granadian Senate referring to that
exact point, which I readjust now:
" If the United States wanted depots for their Navy or
merchant vessels, the isthmus or its islands were as free to
them as the ocean."
The distinction between the purchase of a piece
of land for a specific purpose—not pretending to
take it out from under the jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment at all—and the cession of a territory under
its exclusive jurisdiction, is perfectly clear, easy,
and well understood by every one. In this ease,
what this contract provides for, and what the
United States expects, is simply to be put upon the
footing of a mercantile firm in the transaction—no
more. Every Government hns an undoubted right
to forbid this, and many do; as some of our own
States allow foreigners to hold real estate, and
others do not. It seems that New Granada not
only does not forbid, but encourages it.
Mr, GREEN. Allow me to give an illustra-
tion. It is this; the Constitution says the Con-
gress shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all places
purchased for the use of the United States in any
of the States, with the consent of the States; but
it does not have exclusive jurisdiction. That is
the point; and we do not claim any exclusive
jurisdiction.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the Senator from
South Carolina leaves this point, I should like to
draw his attention to a certain fact, because it has
a good deal to do with mv eouise in the establish-
ment of a naval depot. We shall ha\e, of course,
a large piece of land, with spm sheds, sail lofts,
n ship-house, and dry dock, and something of this
kind—at all events, an area of public buildings,
over which we must exercise exclusive jurisdic-
tion. Wc would not purchase a site for that pur-
pose to-morrow in any State of this Union that
would not give jurisdiction; and 1 presume if we
could not exercise exclusive jurisdiction, there
might be an objection to that.
Mr. HAMMOND. In answer to that, I will
just state this: wc would exercise that exclusive
jurisdiction which a man cxerciscs in his own
[ family. If you buy a house with a yard and
j garden, you ha\e, under the laws of the country
j in which you live,exclusive jurisdiction; butwhat
' is understood as exclusive jurisdiction by a for-
eign Power is where you have a tractof land upon
which the local Power has no right at all, and that
your laws are binding there. That 1 do not un-
derstand to he expected here at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is prohibited by this
veiy amendment.
Mi'. HAMMOND. The distinction, it seems
to me, though drawn very fine, is perfectly ap-
parent between exclusive foreign jurisdiction and
simple ownership. Ownership is what we are
after.
Now, my friend from Florida has intimated
that the stock of this company has been divided
olfamong a great many persons, who are press-
ing here to carry it through. 1 do not know why
he makes that charge, or whether he has any
knowledge of any fact upon which it can be based.
Mr. MALL011Y. If my friend will allow me,
I will explain that. I was informed, and hap-
pened to see one certificate, that the stock had
been divided up m that way. Since I made the
remark, I understand that is the only certificate
that has been issued for anything less than the
fair price of the certificate, I am told the only
certificate is the one 1 saw that was issued for
that sum.
Mr. HAMMOND. I suppose I am as well
informed, perhaps, about that matter as any other
person, and I know of but two. There are two
certificates that have been issued; and the stock
has been sold at a diminution of some fifteen or
twenty per cent. I think that is not much of a
loss. *1 think the discount on almost any stock,
where the object was to raise money, would be
that much. Two certificates have been issued,
one for $20,000 and one for $35,000; so $55,000
have been advanced on this operation upon the
faith of the Government. I do not know but
what they will come back. I think that there
is but little outside influence in this matter. I
never, until within five or six days, became ac-
quainted with anybody that I* knew to be inter-
ested in it. 1 have had no one to urge me at all;
and I have seen but these two that are interested
to this extent. I think that no contract, no claim,
has ever been brought before this Government
with less of that outside pressure; because it was
supposed that the Government itself would take
it up, so advantageous was it to it. Judge Black
further says, in this letter:
" The Executive made this purchase in thf conviction
that it was extremely advantageous, if not absolutely ne-
cessary, for the Government to have it. i have no reason
to doubt that Congress will concur in this opinion, and
make the appropriation to pay for it at an early day.''
Now, upon that letter these $55,000 were in-
vested; and I do not think there has been any
lobby influence used.
Now, there is a doubt as to the quantity and
quality of the coal. I presume there can be no
doubt as to the value of these harbors on both
sides, because they have been reported upon by
foreign nations, as well as our own people. Of
cotuse 1 do not know about them, and of course
none of us could know: but here I will read a few
words from the report of an engineer of very con-
siderahledistinction,an Englishman, who has had
some celebrity as ^geologist. He may be bought
up; I do not know. I do not certify that he is
not bought up; but I understand him to be a sci-
entific gentleman of reputation, and he says this:
c< But, take it as it is, you will find quite Mifttciont coal
to meet ihe requirements of five million inhabitants for the
next tour luimhcd year--; foi as near as 1 can connate,
there must be at least three hundred square miles, or one
hundred and ninety-two thousand acie-  of suiface under-
laid by coal, and cacb acre, at the very lowest computation,
will pioducc ten thousand tonO5
That is his testimony as to the quantity.
Mr. MALLORY. Whose is it >
Mr. HAMMOND. Richardson's. Now, as
to the quality, speaking of some of the specimens,
he says this:
'•These aie the lichcfct f-pcclnien*, and fully decide the
cbaiacter of the coal That will be found in the iowei t-eainsi
ofthc«c moa<-uio«; and I have nohesltjuion in living they
will very nearly, if not quite, equal the Welch tteam
coal."
Which is the best in the world. Now, 1 could
bring up a great many more such proofs m re-
gard to this matter; but they are all liable to the
same remark: that these men are subsidized, and
we know nothing about them. That is the way
we go into all these things. But here are almost
certainly two fine harbors, and probably abuntl •
ant coal, and all conceded to us for such a trifle,
that, if we lost it, it would be nothing. 1 am not
for acquiring political power in any of the south-
ern colonies, from Mexico clear on. It is well
known in the Senate that I have uniformly op-
posed it, and do oppose all entangling alliances.
It is our duty, and our very great interest, to cul-
tivate commercial iclations; and although our
purchase here would not prevent any navy in the
world, mercantile or otherwise, from going into
the Chiriqui lagoon, it would give us, in some sort,
a preference. "It is on that ground I am willing to
pay these $300,000; and it does seem to me a very
small matter in this Government it they cannot,
considering all the reasons for it, risk that much.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, 1 conceive, as 1
said before, and readily admit the desirableness
of having a harbor upon the Pacific side of the
isthmus, and one to conespond with it on the At-
lantic side. 1 agree that the hai bor at Aspinwall
is not such as we should have, nor is it on the
other side such a one as should be desired; but of
what use will it be to us to have the two harbors that
we now propose to acquire, if we can have no
proper communication between them? I under-
stand that the report made to the House sets forth
the great advantages of acquiring these two liar-
