2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
under consideration, together with a few amend-
ments which have been deemed important to the
bill before the House; and 1 will state to the
House very briefly what those amendments are.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question. The Committee on Com-
merce have had before them a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Evansville, in my State, asking
for the appointment of a local board of inspectors
at that place. That memorial was presented sev-
eral weeks since. The gentleman from Illinois,
as chairman of the Committee on Commerce, sub-
mitted an adverse report upon the memorial; the
report stating, amongst other things, as a reason
why they should not authorize the appointment
of a board of inspectors at that point, that no
board of inspectors was needed on the lower Ohio,
below Louisville ; yet I understand that this bill
authorizes a local board of inspectors at Paducah,
in the State of Kentucky. Now, I want to know
why, if such a board was to be appointed on the
lower Ohio, it could not have been made at Evans-
ville?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will give
the gentleman from Indiana full credit for ably
representing his constituents. The gentleman did
present his memorial, and advocated it in an elo-
quent speech before the Committee on Commerce.
The subject of the memorial was presented to the
board of supervisory inspectors and to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and both gave it as then-
opinion that no local board of inspectors was
necessary at Evansville. The committee, there-
fore, determined not to put m the bill such apro-
vision.
Now, sir, I propose to state a few points which
I have incorporated into my substitute, which are
not in the piinted bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the report contains a true
statement of the wants of commerce on the lower
Ohio river, 1 submit whether, if it is not neces-
sary to have a local inspector at Evansvillr, it is
necessary to have a local inspector at Paducah,
in the State of Kentucky ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For the rea-
son that Paducah is at the mouth of the Cumber-
land river; and there is a large number of boats
owned and built there, which makes it necessary
to have a board of local inspectors there. Now,
the third section of the hill makes a very import-
ant amendment, to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of western men. That is an amendment pro-
viding against the cairying of hay on the decks
■ of passenger steamboats. Gcntlnnen will recol-
lect that there have been two steamboats burned
within the last three months, fiom that very cause.
—a steamboat on the Ohio river, where several
lives were lost; and another, some days ago—
the A. D. Lacy—on the lower Mississippi, where
thirty lives were lost. Both these boats caught
fire fiom a bale of hay on their decks. The com-
mittee have had many letters on the subject, and
consider it of the utmost importance to provide
restrictions against oairymg hay on the decks of
passenger steamers.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Does that
apply to ferry-boats ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We except
ferry-boats.
Mr. STANTON. Does it authorize the car-*
rymg of hay under such circumstances as the
inspectors may permit >
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; it
prohibits the carrying of hay on dudes of passen-
ger steamers entirely.
Mr. STANTON. But you permit it elsuwhcrc
under the direction of the sup< rvisors.
Mr. WASIIBU RNE, of Illinois. No, sir; no
permission to carry hay at all. The next amend-
ment is a modification of the ninth section in re-
spect to the carrying of lights.
Air. HOARD. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question in regard to the seventh section.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. The seventh
section is amended by striking out the words " in
addition to the fusible alloys now required by
Jaw upon high-pressure boilers of passenger
steamers;5'so that it will read:
Snc. 7. And be \t further enaded. That fusible plugs or
rivets of puie tin Miail be mtioduced into such paits of the
boiler as are most liable to become over-heated when the
warei i^> allowed to tall too low in tin: boiler, the s-ame to
be of such dimensions. and inserted in such positions, as>
shall be pttsenbed by the inspectors.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois answer me whether it is his
proposition to move the previous question so as to
preclude the consideration of those provisions of
the bill that are applicable to ocean steamers? I
desire to say that there was an understanding,
to which the honorable gentleman from Illinois
was a party, that this bill should be considered
by sections; and I ask that that understanding be
enforced.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from New York knows very well
what the understanding was. When this bill first
came up, a proposition was made by the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] to commit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. That proposition was with-
drawn on the understanding to which I referred
the other day. The House went on to consider
the bill by sections. Duiing its sittings it has
only completed one section. The gentleman from
Georgia, seeing that that arrangement could not
be carried out, moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Commerce. The understand-
ing—if there was any understanding—was, that
the bill should be taken up and considered at that
time without a motion to commit, and without
any dilatory motion whatever. That understand-
ing of the House has been done away with, as
the gentleman from Georgia, feeling that it could
not be carried out, moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Commerce. I now intend to
move the previous question.
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoik. The understand-
ing is in the following language of the gentleman
himself, [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,] in the
report of the proceedings of the House of 27th
of March:
u The undeistandingis,that the bill shall come up then for
the purpose of being considered scction by section, with-
out any motion to lefer, and without any dilatory motion."
It came before the House the other day. The
first section was considered, and the remainder of
the bill has not been considered. The motion of
the gentleman from Georgia to recommit willget
rid of the agreement that the bill should be con-
sidered section by section.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York if any friend of the bill
has made any motion to commit?
Mr. CLARK of New York. The gentleman
from Georgia must judge for himself whether this
motion to commit is m violation of the under-
standing. But I claim that it is right, in a bill of this
magnitude, that those sections applicable to ocean
steamers should be brought to the consideration
of the House; and if thoy arc brought to the notice
of the House, I do not believe that any fair-minded
man in the House will give them his support.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois. I think that
the matter of ocean-going steamers is pretty well
understood by the House.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Only one section
of the bill has been discussed. There has been
no discussion of the other sections of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall de-
mand the prewous question, and it will be for the
majority of the House to decide what course it
will take in regard to the matter. All imputa-
tions of bad faith on the gentleman from Georgia
and myself are repelled.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It is a question
of order, however, whether we are not entitled to
have this bill considered section by section, in
virtue of the agreement made. .
Mr. HOARD. I desire to say a word to this j
House m regard to the seventh section. It is, j
probably, one of the most important provisions in !
the bill, with regard to the safety of passengers.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Jf gentlemen have
nothing more to say now, I would like to submit
a few words on this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will go
through with these amendments, because the
House wants to know the difference between the
substitute which I present, and the bili before the
House. On the ninth page the following words ;
are struck out: ;
" Neither of which, in vc«sels having two peimanent i
decks, bha'l be under the lower deck."
So as to make the provision less onerous.
The thirteenth section, as amended, will be:
Sec. 13. And be it finthcr enacted, That no passenger
steamer, einbiurcd within the eleventh .section of this act,
in :m> ocean-going, foreign built steamer, siiall be permitted
to carry into or out of any port of the United States more
than one person, exclusive of officers and crew, to every
three and one half tons of lawful tonnage measurement.
And I add further, that any offense against this
provision shall be punished in the manner pre-
scribed in the tenth and thirty-fifth sections of the
act approved 30th August, 1852.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Read the whole
section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have read
the whole of it. I will read it again:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That no passenger
steamer, embraced within the eleventh section of this
act—
That applies to ocean-going steamers—
in any ocean-going, foreign-budt steamer—
That is put in so that there shall be no discrim-
ination in favor of foreign-built steamers—
shall be permitted to carry more than one person, exclusive
of officers and crew, to every three and one half tons of
lawlul tonnage measurement.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Is there any pro-
vision in the law by which the masters of foreign
steamers are compelled to make returns of the
number of passengers, so that they can be pro-
ceeded against for violations of the law?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is pro-
vided for in existing laws.
Section fifteen is amended so as to make the
bill less onerous on steamboat owners in icgard
to the examination of the hulls. The original
section requires at least two outside and two ceil-
ing planks to be removed from each side of the
vessel, the whole length thereof, in such places as
they shall designate. The amendment provides
that before the planks are removed they shall be
bored, in order to ascertain, by a preliminary ex-
amination, whether they are so rotten as to re-
quire them to be taken off; and if not, they shall
not be removed. If the preliminary examination
shows that the planks are rotten, they ran be
taken off by the supei visors.
The twenty-eighth section is stricken out. It
is as follows:
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That this net shall
not be construed to apply to vessels of oth^r countnes, nor
to any ciaft employed exclusively in the interna] commerce
or tiade of any single State, except when the same ib em-
ployed upon waters which aie navigable from the ocean by
vessels registered, or enrolled and licensed, by the United
Stales, or upon a lake or river whose waiters aie navigable
by vessels registered, or enrolled and licensed, n* aforesaid,
and foim the boundary or wash the shoies of two or rnoie
States or Terutoiies, or of one or moie States or Territo-
ries and a foieign countiy.
My substitute strikes that section out, and
the twenty-ninth section is amended, so as to con-
form to the amendments which have been made to
the first section. I propose a modification to the
amendment adopted by the House; and that isan
exception, in the application of the law, for foreign-
built steamers, so far as to carrying passengers,
and adding,in regard to ferry-boats,&c., that they
shall not be brought under the provisions of the
law upon any lake or river whose waters wash
the boundaries of any foreign State. 1 have made
this alteration:
Provided, further, That thi« section shall not be con-
sti ued to apply to vessels of other countries, except as pro-
vided in the thiiteentli section of this act, which limits the
it umber of passewgei s on occan -going steamers coming into
or going out of om ports, except where they aie employed
upon any lake or rivei winch washes the boundaries of a
foreign State.
These arc the amendments.
Mr. STANTON. What is the motionpending?
The SPEAKER. To recommit.
Mr. STANTON. Is that debatable ?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that a motion
to commit is not debatable to the extent indulged
m by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoik. I understand
that the proposition was to throw the debute open
to both sides
Mr. STANTON". T must object to the floor
being monopolized by the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope that the
gentleman will yield to me a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 will yield
to the gentleman, provided he will renew the call
for the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will. I do not
mean to detain the House with any exposition of
the details of this bill.
Mr. STANTON. Unless the debate is thrown
