I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
of the United States, in consequence of their vessels and
cargoes having been taken by the subjects of his Catholic
Majesty during the late war between Spain and France, it
is agreed that all such cases shall be referred to the final
decision of commissioners, to be appointed in the following
manner,' &c., &c. The commissioners were to be chosen,
one by the United States, one by Spain, and the two were
to choose a third, and the award of the commissioners, or
any two of them, was to be final, and the Spanish Govern-
ment to pay the amount in specie.
" This commission awarded interest as part of the dam-
ages. (Vide American State Papers, vol. 2, Foreign Rela-
tions, p. 283.) So in the case of claims of American citi-
zens against Brazil, settled by Mr. Tudor, United States
Minister, interest was claimed and allowed. (Vide Exec-
utive Document, first session, Twenty-Fifth Congress,
House of Representatives, Doc. 32, p. 249.)
" Again: in the convention with Mexico of the 11th of
April, J839, by which provision was made by Mexico for
the payment of claims of American citizens for injuries to
persons and property by the Mexican authorities, a mixed
commission was provided for, and this commission allowed
interest m all cases. (See communication of the Presi-
dent to the House of Representatives, including the report
of the commissioners, under date of the 25th August, 1842.
Executive Document, House of Representatives, second
session of Twenty-Seventh Congress, vol. 5, Doc. 291.)
u So, also, under the late treaty with Mexico of 2d Feb-
ruary, 1848. The boaid of commissioners for the adjust-
ment of claims under that treaty, which lately sat at Wash-
ington, allowed interest, in all cases, for property lost, from
the origin of the claim until the day when the commission
expired.
u Other cases might be shown in which the Unted States,
or their authorized diplomatic agents, have claimed interest
in such cases, or where it has been paid in whole or in
part. (See Mr. Russell's letter to the Count De Engstien,
of 5th October, 1818; Am. State Papers, vol. 4, Foreign
Relations, p. 639, and proceedings under the convention
with the Two Sicilies, of October, 1832; Elliott's Dip. Code,
p. 625.) But I think it can hardly be necessary to pursue
this subject further in order to show the piactice of our
Government with toieign nations, or with claimants under
treaties."
Judge Bronson then goes on to give the common
law rule upon the subject.
" The rule of tho common law on this point is the same
as that already laid down as the rule of the public or na-
tional law.
"in the case ofConard against the Pacific Insurance
Company, it was stated by Judge Baldwin that, in actions
of tiespass, or lor torts,(the general lule of damage is the
value of the propeity taken, with inteicst from the time
of taking down to the time of trial. This is generally con-
sidered as legal compensation, which referfe solely to the
injury done to the property taken, and notto any collateial
or consequential damages resulting to the owner by the
trespass. These are taken into consideration only in a ease
moieor less aggravated."—(See6 Peters,273, and also282,
where the Supreme Court affirm the correctness of this
rule.)
" Sedgwick on the Measure of Damages, pp. 549 and 550
says ,*
"1 When trespass is brought for personal property, and no
circumstances of aggravation aie shown, the value of the
property, with furnishes the measure of damages.*
" In all cases of injury to property, whatever may be the
form ot the action, the rule that ' the value of the property
at the time of the injury, with, interest thereon from that
time, in the measure of damages,' is of universal applica-
tion, and in various eases of trespass, tiovcr, case, replevin,
&c., tins rule is abundantlysupported by the following au-
thorities:—Wilson vs. Conine, 2 Johnson's Rep., p 280.
2d Greenleaf Evidcncc, p. 282, and cases theie cited
Particularly 34 Pickering, pp. 35ft and 361. 14 Johns. 213 ;
15 do., 198, 206. Sedgwick on Damages, 517. 17 Picker-
ing, p. 1; 21 do., p. 559. 7 Monroe, 209. I Metcalf, 172.
2 Hill, 132; 3 Bibb, 92. 7 Metcalf, 3o4; 3 Little, 25. Also,
United States Digest, p. 510, and Brannm vs. Johnson, 19
Maine Rep 361. Bjssell rs Hopkins, 4 Cowen, 5*5. Hyde
vs. Stone, 7 Wendell, 354. Dellenbuch vs. Jerome, 7 Cow-
en, 294. Also, 7 Porter's Alabama Rep., 481. 15 Connec-
ticut Rep., 303.
" intact, this ptinciple must be so familiar to every com-
mon lawiawyer,that it is perhaps hardly necessary to cite
any authorities, much less to accumulate them, which
might easily be done almost ad infinitum. I will only add
two more citations, drawn fiom the civil law, to show* that
'fruits or profits were awarded in eases of wrongful taking
or detention of pioperty,' as pari of the damages, by Jus-
tinian >'—(See lib. 9*5, di rei vind.; lib. 17; Cod. lib. 3, c.
de condit. ex leg. Also, Domett., vol. 1, lib. 3, tit. 5.)
Pie says further:
In the course of the argument my attention was called
to the well-known letter fiom Mr. Jefferson to Mr. Ham-
mond, the ButL-h Minister, of 29th May, 1792. (American
State Papers, vol. l,Foicign Relations, vol. l,pp. 201,213,
214.) That very able disquisition on the subject of interest
is confined entirely to the question oi interest on debts, or
money demands, and when and under what chcumstances
it may or ought to be allowed or disallowed in such cases :
hence it furnishes no clear iiile m respect to the allowance
of mtesestas a measure of damages in cases of tort, or in ic-
dress of injuries; or as a compensation for the loss of the
use, or of ti)e profits of tiie propertyillegally taken. At all
events, there is nothing in the reasoning or arguments of
that papei which m any iespect militates against the posi-
tion 5 above taken.
"'Phis controversy between Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Ham-
mond was finally settled by the sixth aiticle of the treaty of
1791, will be seen by a reference to that article, in which
this Government certainly does not deny the propriety of
the interest.
" But it is said, < the Government never pays interest
It will leadily be admitted that there is no statute law to
sustain this position. The idea has grown up fiom the cus-
tom and usage of the accounting officers and Departments
refusing to allow interest generally in their accounts with
disbursing officers, and in the settlement of unliquidated
domestic claims arising out of dealings and transactions with
the Government- It can hardly be pretended, however, that
this usage or custom is sufficiently' reasonable,' well known
and ' certain,' to give it the force and effect of law, and to
override and trample under foot the law of nations, the mu-
nicipal law of the country, and also the well-settled prac-
tice of the Government itself in its intercourse with other
nations. This would, indeed, be giving most potent effect
to departmental usage.
" That the usage or practice of any particular Executive
Department of a Government cannot be sustained (however
ancient it may be) when against the well-settled princi-
ples of law, see 3 Burrows's Report, 1767. When the law
is clear, usage cannot control it.'5—2d Cowen, 707, New
York Firemen's Insurance Company vs. Ely ; and 16 John-
son} 374.
Mr. President, in conclusion, I will say that no
serious argument can be framed upon the suppo-
sition that these claims did not come within the
ninth article of the treaty of 1819. They are clearly
within it. All the claims outstanding between
Spain and ourselves, from 1795 to 1802, anddown
to 1819, were embraced in this identical ninth ar-
ticle; and I futhermore say that the promise was
made by the United States to indemnify the citi-
zens of Spain for the spoliations of 1812 and 1813
before the spoliations of 1818 had been committed
at all, and that is conclusive of the entire argu-
ment.
I have argued this question very hastily indeed.
I believe I am somewhat familiar with the points,
and I have attempted to argue it on various occa-
sions before; but it has never been argued in this
body. Never, until the Senator from Georgia has
now addressed the Senate, has there been, since I
have been here, or for ten or twelve years back,
anything deserving the name of argument. They
have been regarded as Florida claims. So far as
the citizens of my State are concerned, 1 can say
with truth, that I do not know a single man in my
State who lias any interest in these claims. I have
never received more than one or two letters, at the
most, from any individuals in Florida who arc in-
terested; many of the recipients arc in Cuba;
many of them arc in Spain; some few are in Geor-
gia and in South Carolina. 1 know they arc in
Spain, because I have in mv possession copies of
two letters addressed to the American Government
by Calderon de la Barca, complaining of a want of
faith on the part of our country in not carrying
out its treaty stipulations; and these letters ad-
dressed to us also furnish a copy of the complaints
of citizens in Cuba of our want of faith.
Now, I would suggest briefly that perhaps it is
as important for us to give this matter a full and
fair investigation, and to meet promptly this in-
debtedness, if indeed it be so, and of that I have
no doubt, as regards Spain, much more than it
would with a more powerful nation. She is con-
fessedly in no condition to enforce the claims of
her subjects against us; and as a great, growing,
and powerful country, we should not forget that
when we were weak as she now is, she was one
of the very first to step forward, and in the most
generous manner offer us her aid and assistance,
which were very desirable at the time. She has
reminded us of it repeatedly since, and she still
looks with a great deal of jealousy at our refusal
to compensate claims of tins kind; and I will say
further, that if they be founded upon a treaty
stipulation, and the faith of this Government be
indeed pledged for the redemption, it would be
perfect folly for us to delay it from year to year.
Interest is accumulating very rapidly indeed.
I will not trouble the Senate longer. I have
rather presented topics for discussion than at-
tempted to discuss them myself.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way to
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BRAGu. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
^he motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 19, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill for the purpose of
reference only.
Mr. GROW. I must object, and call for the
•regular order of business.
Mr. STOUT. Let this bill come in,
Mr. GROW. The new rule is imperative,.and
I l^ope we shall begin, and follow H strictly. : .
The SPEAKER. Under the amended rules,
the Chair will commence the call of committees *
for reports for reference only. Before the com-'
mittees are called, the Chair will have the new
rule, under which we are now acting, read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" As soon as the Journal is read, and tlft unfinished busi-
ness m which the Hou^e was engaged at the last preced-
ing adjournment has been disposed of, reports from com-
mittees shall be called ior and disposed of—in doing which,
the Speaker shall call upon caw standing committee in
their regular order, and then upon select committees; and
if the Speaker shall not get through the call upon the com-
mittees before the House passes to other business,he shall
resume the next call where he left off, giving preference to
the report last under consideration: Provided, That when-
ever any committee shall have occupied the morning hour
on two days, it shall not be in order for such committee to
report further until the other committees shall have been
called m their turn. On the call for reports from commit- '
tees on each alternate Monday, which shall commence as
soon as the Journals read, all bilks reported during the first
hour after the Journal is read shall be committed^ without
debate, to the Committee of the Whole, and, togetherwith '
their accompanying reports, printed; and if'dunng the hour
all the committees are not called, then, on the next alters
nate Monday, the Speaker shall commence where such call
was suspended: Provided, That no bill reported under the
call on alternate Mondays and committed shall be again
brought before the House by a motion to reconsider."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask consent to
offer a resolution, which will consume but a mo-
ment.
Mr. GROW. I object to everything out of
order. The rule is imperative. 4
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Well, when the
morning hour lias expired, I will ask consent.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill for the
payment of the outstanding Treasury notes, to
authorize a loan, and to regulate and fix the duties
upon imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. REAGAN. I would inquire what com-
mittee that bill comes from?
Mr. McQ.UEEN. I object to the introduction
of that bill at present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right,
under the new rule, to report it and move its ref-
erence to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. For the information of gentle-
men who do not understand the matter, allow me
to state that the new ruie under which we are
now acting provides that bills may be reported
for reference only, without debate, and that such
bills cannot be brought back upon a motion to
reconsider.
The bill was then read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I move a resolution that one
thousand extra copies of that bill and report bo
printed.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing, under the rule.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1861; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee
also reported back, with the Senate amendment,
a bill (H. II. No. 216) making appiopriations for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Ponca In-
dians and with certain bands of Indians in the
State of Oregon and Territory of Washington,
for the year ending 30th June, 1863; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and the bill and amendment
ordered to be printed.
CIIAllLES JAMES LANMAN.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Charles Jam®8 Lan-
