1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bors, and having a railroad between them as a great
highway for commerce. I understand it now to
be yielded by the Senator from Maine, that this
grant does not confer upon any company any
power to build a railroad. It is simply a power
to finish an old road which was begun fourteen
years ago for wheeled carriages. It certainly will
be seen and conceded by everybody that such a
highway cannot be useful for the great purposes
of commerce. It cannot furnish the channel or
the avenue by which the trade shall come from
Asia across this isthmus to our own country or
to Europe. I will say to the Senator from South
Carolina, without any reference to party, without
any reference to sections, I desire that the coun-
try should acquire and should have a harbor on
this side and a harbor on that side of the isthmus,
and should have a highway there. I am not ono
of those who believe in the feasibility of a Pacific
railroad for the great purposes of transporting
heavy merchandise. I yield tho necessity of a
railroad for political purposes and for the transit
of passengers and valuable articles of merchan-
dise; but still I believe that, for a long time, perhaps
for all time, the ocean, with the transit across
the isthmus, will furnish the passage for the
great articles of merchandise and commerce. It
is desirable to preserve a channel there, if we
have a Pacific railroad. I would desire to have
these two harbors; hut if we can have no commu-
nication between the harbors which would be
feasible for commerce, why should we pay this
money to secure them, unless the harbors in them-
selves are of sufficient value ?
Now, sir, if the railroad by Panama is the only
railroad that can be built, you will have to use the
harbors at the end of that raihoad, poor as they
may be, tho.ugh you may have the harbors in
this lake and the one opposite. ' The harbors will
be at the ends of the railroad, wherever it is; and
until you make a railroad from tins side across to
the other side, your harbors will not be frequented
by shipping. They may necessarily enter it as
a naval depot. You may go there to get coal, if
you can find it; you may build docks and store-
houses for naval purposes, if you have the power
and choose so to do; but still you have to preserve
your harborsat theendof the Panama road. Then
the question becomes an importantone—whether
you can have a railroad between these two points?
Every one will see that. There is no survey here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes.
Mr. CLARK. \ have seen no authentic sur-
vey. A statement may be made. It is very easy
to make a statement. Why, sir, some persons
made application to my Legislature, and said they
could build a railroad to the top of the White
Mountains. They said they could do it. This
company may say they can build a railroad across
this isthmus, but I do not sec any survey that
authorizes us to act upon it. It may be so. I
shall be happy to know that it is so; ayd if I were
sure that it was so, and the road would be built
there, and these people were going to build a road
across there, without reference to the coal, then I
would vote these $300,000; but I do not see it so.
While upon this subject, Mr. President, if Sen-
ators will bear with me one moment, I want to
call the attention of the Senate to this fact: that
whatever may be the title in Thompson and com-
pany to this property, by the very provisions of ,
this eontiact with him, he has no power to grant
it to any Government. It was said by the Sena-
tor that he could not grant the jurisdiction. It
is one of the articles of the contract that he shall
not grant his property or interest to a foreign
Government. This is it:
"Thompson is authorized to transfer his interests, prop-
erties, and puvileges, but not to any foreign Government.
It is not a transfer of jurisdiction. He cannot
even transfer the property and privileges which
he has by this very Ueaty. Then what are we
buying? If he has a right to construct docks
and storehouses on that lake himself, and cannot
transfer it to our Government, what do we get?
I ask the attention of the Senator from Maine to
that point, that Thompson cannot transfer the
privileges which he has; he cannot transfer the
property which he has. He has land, acres of
land, but he cannot transfer a single acre of it
by this contract which he has made with that
Government. Why, then, should we buy u, if
we cannot use it?
But it may be said, we are not to pay until the
title is ascertained. Very true, sir. It may be
that we are not to pay until the title is ascertained,
until the transfer is made; but even if he could
transfer, what use to us would these two harbors
be, one opposite to another, unless we connect
them by some communication ? Now, if you find
an abundance of coal on the Atlantic side, the
report of the engineer is that, by the road which
they construct, you cannot transfer the coal to
the other side, and cannot use it until you have
a railroad built. They tell us what is the price
of coal on the Pacific side; they tell us at what
price we could get it if we had this communica-
tion; and yet their own report shows that until a
railroad is built it is of no use.
Now, Mr. President, I do not want to prolong
this discussion. It is growing late, and Senators
arc inattentive to the matter. Probably every one
has made up his own judgment about it; but I
want to advert to the manner in which this case
comes here. Here is a report from the commit-
tee of the House. There is a minority report
accompanying the report of the majority, and
theie is a bill. They are divided in the riousc.
Without referring it to any committee of this
body, without its being reported by any commit-
tee of the Senate, a Senator moves an amendment
to this appropriation bill, to carry through the
Senate and through the House a bill on the ap-
propriation bill which it is doubtful, by their own
report and their own bill, they can carry as a sep-
arate measure in the House; because, if they were
sure of carrying it in the House as o separate bill,
why move it here upou/m appropriation bill, to
ride through, as they propose to have it? Why
not let it comc of itself? It is a matter of sufficient
magnitude. These two harbors and this commu-
nication across the isthmus are of such magnitude
as should arrest not only the attention of the Sen-
ate and of the Congress, but has already, as the
gentleman says, arrested the attention of England;
and England will have it, if we do not. Why, Mr.
President, I am not much fiightened at England
about that. I remember when you proposi d to
annex Texas, it was said, if we did not do it Eng-
land would; when it was proposed to take some
privileges in Mexico, if we did not do it England
would; when we proposed to make a treaty with
Nicaragua, Englnnd had done it or would do it.
It is exactly so here; and it has ever been held
out to us, as in this case, that if we do not do it
England will. They may do it. Arc we not able
to have a depot side by side with them there?
Must it necessarily follow, in all these harbois,
that if England gets a place to put a ship, we can-
not have a place too? Does that follow? Let
England come and have her joint commerce with
ours on both sides, and let it be a great highway,
if it is to become a highway, for the world, and
not an exclusive one for us.
!n my judgment, we had better wait; we had
better take this bill through the House, if the
House choose to pass it, or bring it up here and
discuss it in another manner than on the appro-
priation bill, when we have more time, and not
at the heel of the session, when all are anxious
to go away, and when we do not bestow such
attention upon it as we ought to do. I will ven-
ture to say, if this bill had been voted upon an
hour ago, there would not have been five Sena-
tors in this Chamber who would have known
they were not getting the light foi a railroad, or
that these people had not a right for the railroad.
It seems to be conceded they have not any such
right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to correct the
Senator just there. On looking at the privileges
granted, I find this:
<k An exclusive privilege, for sixty years, is hereby con-
ceded to Ambiose W. Thompson, lor improving, m a r-olid
/n.umer, fit lor the transit of wheeled vehicles, and main-
taining in good condition the piovmeial load, opened more
than tourtecu yeais ago, between this city and Cocas del
Toro."
Now, is not that a railroad ?
Mr. CLARK. I will tell the Senator, it is an
exclusive privilege of improving and conducting
that road which was begun fourteen yeais ago.
It was not a railroad begun fourteen years ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have they not a right to
finish it in the same way?
Mr. CLARK. But that is making an entirely
different road.
Mr. KING. I will state that our own Attor-
ney General expressed his opinion on that.
Mr. CLARK. I do not care anything about
the Attorney General on that point. It is plain
enough.
Mr. KING. That in the grant they have no
right.
^ Mr. CLARK. I dare say he has, if he is asen-
siblc man. There cannot be a question about it*
It is upon the face of it. If you are gtnng to com-
mence, and have the privilege of commencing- or
finishing an old provincial road, is that the grant
of a railroad ? I do not so understand it, I think-,
the Senator does not so pretend.
Mr. FESSENDEN". /What?
Mr. CLARK. That it is a grantof a rail road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is tantamount
to that.
Mr. CLARK. That it is broad enough to cover
it. I must say I am in frivor of specific grants-
very mucli more specific than that—before I pay
§300,000 for it; and if that is the loose way in which
we are to grant this money, I say, let us stop here.
If all the other privileges conceded are upon so
loose a basis as that grant of what the gentleman
contends may be a railroad, let us stop until we
become more satisfied, and have an opportunity
of examining the matter further.
Mr. GREEN. 1 shall not prolong the debate.
I believe this subject is fully understood. I will
merely say that representations or charges not
predicated upon the proof in the case do not
amount to much. We have as much evidence of
the ability of the company to convoy what they
purport to sell to the United States, as wo have in
any contract ever made by the Governmentin any
case whatever. Now I make this remark on the
subject of the coal, on the subject of the title, not
one single dollar is to be paid until further test,
further examination, and satisfactory proof is
made. If you are not satisfied, nothing can be
lost. If you lose this opportunity to secure all
these advantages to the United States, it may be
I an object of regret m all time to come. Other Gov-
ernments arc not so niggardly as this. Other
Governments will take more expanded views of
the commercial advantages-and the political ad-
vantages likely to result from an opportunity like
it, and they will avail themselves of it. I believe
that the judgment of the country, the judgment
of the Senate, when they come to look into it prop-
eily, will see that this is so.
ftow, sir, I will not enter upon it, for I believe
the representations—telegraphic dispatches gotten
up here in the city of Washington purporting to
come from Panama, that were falsehoods—have
been used to prejudice the minds of honorable
gentlemen and destroy confidence in the case, and
these are the things that are doing their work
upon their minds lather than the facts; but as I
before remarked, I will submit to a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to say a word
more. At the suggestion of the Senator from
Missouri, I consented to modify the amendment
I offered in strikingout certain words on the third
page, "after the construction of a road across the
Isthmus of Chiriqui." I think, sir, with the con-
sent of the Senator, I will restore those words,
and leave him to strike them out as he pleases.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot make the motion; but
I will remark that the amendment does not seem
to be practicable with any such provision in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN* I will restore those words,
and then the Senator can offer any amendment he
pleases. I think that will be the better course.
Let my amendment stand, by unanimous consent,
as I originally offered it, and then the Senator
can move to strike out as he pleases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ciiesnut
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe it can be done
by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified. The question now is
on the amendment as originally offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. HAMMOND. I understood that the
amendment of the Senator from Maine was ac-
cepted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggested that I would
move my amendment in that way, by striking
out a few words, which I now wish to restore, and
if anybody wants to strike them out, he can move
that amendment. They are the words at the end
of the third section.
