1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2175
open to all, 1 must insist that the gentleman shall
be confined to the motion to recommit.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will do that. I
premise by stating that I am in favor of the re-
commitment of the bill. lam in favor of it for the
purpose of saving the bill, and the object which
the bill has in view. X am not in favor of the en-
tire details of the bill; there aie,however, many-
valuable changes contained in it, and proposed to
the country, which I think ought to be saved, for
the purpose of accomplishing what we all, I trust,
have in view. The object, as I understand it, that
we profess, is the preservation and safety of hu-
man life. We have only to look to the loss of
life that has afflicted the social circles of the coun-
try, to be satisfied that this measure is one of
great importance, and that a burden is imposed
upon the House to secure means for the safety of
the lives and property of citizens on boats pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam. I believe
that the House is prepared to vote for a bill prop-
erly matured; and it is with a view that this bill
may be thus matured, that I wish to have the
whole subject referred back to the Committee on
Commerce.
I propose to submit only a few remarks in
reference to the details of the bill, and bearing
directly on the question of recommitment. It is
true that, with respect to boats engaged in the
interior coastwise trade of the United States, the
details of this bill have been carefully prepared.
But, sir, we ought to have another object in view
when framing a measure like this. We ought to
have a regard for the interests of the commerce
and the safety of the lives of passengers upon the
great external oceans that wrap the continent.
Mr. STANTON". I rise to a question of order.
I make the point of order, that the gentleman's
remarks are not relevant to the question of re-
commitment. If there is to be general debate,
then all who wish to speak ought to have a chance.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On a mo-
tion to recommit, the widest latitude of discussion
is allowed.
Mr. STANTON". I begthegentleman'spardon
for differing from him. If the Chair will refer to
a precedent in the last Congress, he will find that
debate on a motion to recommit must be confined
to that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that general debate is in order on the motion to
recommit. At all events, the Chair does not feel
at liberty to restrain the gentleman from New
York in the remarks that he is now submitting.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I bow with defer-
ence to the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Ohio. I intend to confine my remarks strictly
to the question of recommitment. I intend to show
that the bill is objectionable to me, and to those
who look from the same point of view which I
occupy, and that to save the bill it ought to be re-
committed. I hope that the House will unani-
mously send the bill back to the Committee on
Commerce, in order that it may be perfected in
many of its details.
Mr. GROW. Let me say a word. I do not
desire that the rules of the House shall be per-
verted in the practice under them. A motion to
recommit opens the whole merits of the bill for
debate; but on a motion to postpone, the debate
must be confined to the question of postponement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is just
what I have stated, and what the Speaker lias de-
cided.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My remarks will
be confined strictly to the motion to recommit. I
am at a loss, however, to perceive why the merits
of the bill should not be open for discussion on a
motion to recommit, the only object of which is,
that the bill may be matured. The views I wish
to present are intended for the safety of the bill.
I will not detain the House long.
Mr. Speaker, let me then at once refer to that
part of the bill which relates to signals. Section
nine pertains to vessels navigating the ocean;not
only steamers, but sailing vessels. It prescribes
what shall be signals for steamers, and what shall
be signals for sailing vessels. It has been repre-
sented to me by nautical men that the provision
in this section is not the proper one respecting
sailing vessels. Whether that be so or not, should
be a subject of careful scrutiny; that is, whether
a light placed at the masthead can be visible from
all points of the compass to two points abaft the
beam, is a question for the determination of those
who are familiar with the subject. I do not pre-
tend to pronounce upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the gen-
tleman from New York seen the amendments in
my substitute ?
Mr. BARR. How can we know what they are,
when they have not been printed or read to the
House?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. A system of sig-
nals now prevails in the British Channel, and
upon the English coast. Our own vessels navi-
gate those waters, and whenever they offend that
system, they are liable to severe penalties. Any
system, therefore, which we may adopt, should,
I think, in a wise expediency, be addressed, as
far as it can possibly be, to the system which
prevails in those waters.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Ihmois. I will say to
the gentleman from New York that the section
of the bill which he is now considering is materi-
ally altered in my substitute. I did not know
that this portion of the bill was to be challenged;
otherwise, when I was upon the floor I would
have explained more fully my substitute in that
respect. I will say, also, that the alterations were
made after consultation with some New York
mercantile men, well known to the gentleman;
and I understand that the alterations I have made
in the substitute will meet the entire concurrence
of the gentleman from New York.
I will state further, that the committee con-
sulted with experts in reference to this matter of
lights, and we have agreed upon a system which
they say is the best that can possibly bo adopted.
A gentleman of this House, the gentleman from
the Bath district in Maine, a most perfect sailor,
has gone over the section with great care, and he
suggested some amendments which I have intro-
duced into my substitute; and he thinks the sub-
stitute is now nearly perfect.
Mr. MORSE. I never intimated to any one
that I approved all the provisions of this bill; but,
on the contrary, that there arc still several objec-
tionable provisions in it, although the substitute
to be offered has been considerably modified, at
my suggestion. The requirements of the bill in
reference to signals, as at first reported, could not
possibly be complied with when the vessel was
underway. The light is placed against the mast,
over the fore-yard, and can only be seen in the
opening over the yard and the lower edge of the
fore-topsail; and yet the bill requires a light so
placed as to throw an "unobstructed light right
ahead and through twenty points of the compass."
This could not be done without keeping the fore-
sail Jibs, and fore-staysail furled, and the fore-top-
sail clewed up, which would be a law, substan-
tially, to prevent vessels from sailing in the night,
or from going to sea at all. But I understand the
gentleman from Illinois intends to strike out the
clause requiring this fore-top light to throw " an
unobstructed light through twenty points of the
compass and two points abaft the beam on each
side." It is thought the view of the light from
the unobstructed space, and its reflection from the
head sails, will be sufficiently clear; and although
I think that under the jib-boom and against the
bowsprit cap is the right place for all vessels over
three hundred tons to carry a signal light, I am
willing to try the plan adopted in the substitute;
and if experience does not commend it, it can
easily be rectified.
I also objected to requiring every vessel to
carry a stern as well as a mast-head light. If
it be necessary to secure vessels on Long Island^
Sound against injury from the numerous steam-
ers continually running there, I see no good rea-
son for requiring the same exhibition of double
lights whenever a vessel may be on the ocean,
especially from the hundreds of fishing schooners
catching cod on the Grand Banks. It would
often be injurious, and always an unnecessary
expense. One prominent light is certainly enough
for sail vessels on the ocean, and nearly all other
navigable waters; and I hope the substitute will
be modified in this paiticular also.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Do I understand
the gentleman from Maine to express his ap-
proval of other sections of the bill ?
Mr. MORSE. There are several other sections
which I think objectionable. 1 have not exam-
ined with much care the sections relating to the
appointment of steamboat inspectors; but every-
thing which relates to sailing vessels and sea-
going steamers I have examined with care. . The
section authorizing the inspectors to have re-
moved two streaks of outside and ceiling plank
clean round all sea steamers every five years, has
been entirely changed, at my suggestion, in the
substitute which the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce proposes to offer. If adopted, it
will provide for an examination into the sound-
ness of sea-going steamers in a manner, I think,
entirely free from the objections to which the bill
now before the House is liable.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have been much
pleased with the remarks of the gentleman from
Maine, for they follow very much in the channel
which my own thoughts dictate for the discus-
sion of the bill in a sense of fairness and propri-
ety in connection with the objects which it pro-
poses; that is,topresenttothemindof the.House
what objections there are to the bill, and the
method of meeting and obviating them. I would
leave upon the mind of the House the impression
that the bill ought to be perfected, and that the
Committee on Commerce is the proper body to
accomplish that object; and that it should be re-
ferred oack to them with leave to report at any
time.
I proceed now to the consideration of two or
three other sections, having exhausted the sec-
tion in reference to signal-lights. I come to that
section which refers to compartments in vessels.
It is generally understood that air-tight and water-
tight compartments in a vessel are a consider-
able addition to its safety upon the ocean. Their
use has been adopted to a great extent. But these
compartments are not the perfection of safety.
Wo have known of repeated instances of the loss
of steamers and sailing vessels built with water-
tightcompartments, and in which instances every
life on board would have probably been lost had
it not been for other conservative arrangements.
I have the evidence now in my hand, showing
clearly that water-tight compartments are not all
that is necessary, and that such compartments
may be dispensed with if other means of saving
life are provided. It is perfectly understood that
the exterior wave, when admitted into these com-
partments, may, in case of increasing pressure,
break up the upper deck. Sailors tell me this,
and philosophy discloses that it may be so; and
when the upper deck is thus broken, all consid-
erations of safety to life must be dismissed. So
much in reference to this section of the bill.
Then, again, in reference to the proposed life-
boats, 1 suggest that it may be possible that the
decks of vessels may be so incumbered with life-
boats as to render the vessel useless, for the pur-
pose either of safety to passengers or to cargoes.
In order to save all the passengers on a vessel,
sometimes it may require so many boats that their
stowage upon the deck would render the vessel
useless for general purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will refer to the fourteenth section of the
bill, he will see that it provides for life-boats for
only one half of the maximum number of pas-
sengers.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not attack the
bill in that respect, though I do not think it has
been judiciously prepared in regard to the char-
acter of the life-boats. In my mind there is a bet-
ter preservative still—one which, when proposed,
will evidence to the House, I think, that it would
be better that the bill should be recommitted to
the consideration of the committee by which it
was reported.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At this point
I wish to make a suggestion to ray colleague upon
the Committee on Commerce. He well under-
stands that there is very great difficulty in getting
the action of the House upon all these bills. He
has only to refer to the action of the House in
reference to his revenue bill. He may not agree
to all the provisions in this bill; but 1 submit to
him whether it is not best to act upon it here and
pass it; and if there are any modifications which
are nccessary, let them be made ill the Senate?
There would be 110 difficulty about the matter in
the Committee on Commerce; but] suggest that
we had better pass the bill as it is, and if his con-
stituents suggest important and necessary modifi-
cations, let them be made in the Senate, and we
can concur in them when the bill comes back to
the House.
