2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must state in all
frankness that it is my desire to see the objects
of this bill accomplished, and that 1 desire to save
the bill, and whatever course may be proposed in
regard to it, I will cordially give my assent to that
which will accomplish the object 1 have in view.
I have before referred to suggestions of amend-
ments made to me by my constituents at home;
and if I do not now lay them before the House, I
would be guilty of an inexcusable, if not a cen-
surable dereliction of duty. I propose, therefore,
to develop my information. I believe it to be
trustworthy and reliable, and therefore I shall
continue to do my duty in that regard with a view
constantly, however, to the favorable fate of the
bill before us.
Then, sir, in continuance of what I had to sub-
mit in regard to life-boats, I wish further to say-
that the providing of a large number of life-boats
is not all the duty that devolves on Congress, if
we arc to have due regard to the safety of the
lives of passengers who are commiteed to the
dangers of the deep. We all know that, in mo-
ments of peril, the greatest danger to be encoun-
tered is that of panic. Then sensible and cour-
ageous men become wild with fright, and many,
in pursuit of safety, fling themselves into the
waters and perish. It is important that disci-
pline should prevail, that all means of safety
should bo ready organized, so as to inspire with
hope and to assure with confidence the affrighted
passenger. It is necessary that he should not
only have the means of safety at hand, but that
he should have directions how to avail himself of
them, in terms so plain that they cannot be either
forgotten or misunderstood. Discipline should
be observed, the simplest methods of safety be
adopted, and a multiplicity of methods m all cases
be avoided. Therefore I think that, in this con-
nection, instead of resorting to life-boats of the
description proposed, we should resort to a method
which has been already successfully employed on
board many of the English West India and East
India steamers, and which has proved to be most
efficient in the saving of lives. 1 refer to the plan
of constructing wheel-houses in the shape of boats.
If you do this, you avoid all the difficulty- chaiged
because of incumbering the decks. Every one
who has seen a steamer, either upon the. ocean or
on our inland waters, will have perceived that
the covering-house, which is used for closing m
the wheel, may be easily and profitably converted
into a boat, if constructed for such a purpose.
The dimensions of such a boat, it must be appar-
ent, would be such that two of lhem, one over
each wheel, would be sufficient to contain and
save ali the passengers of the largest-sized steamer.
It is obvious that no extia space would be occu-
pied by them, while the simplicity of the appa-
ratus by which tliey are capable of being launched
insures speed and ceitainty of process.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The Arctic
wheel-house, us it was, saved passengers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1W were
the Central America's passengers saved ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE/ They were lost.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes; they
were swamped by a miserable old hull.
Mr.MORSE, ifthceentlemanfromNewYork
will permit me, 1 will unect Ins attention to that
provision of the twelfth section inquiring all pas-
senger steamers to carry lumber for the construc-
tion of rafts, ill sufficient quantities, to the satis-
faction of the inspectors, to carry such of the
passengers as cannot be taken in the life-boats.
This is an arbitrary legal requirement, and does
not leave the vessel at liberty to adopt any of the
recent improved modes of constructing rafts for
the safety of passengers. There is no discretion
left the owners. They must freight fiom ten to
twenty thousand feet of lumber back and forth
on every voyage, to build these rafts of in case of
accident; when, if left at liberty to adopt the mod-
ern inflated boat-raft, made of rubber cloth, cov-
ered inside and out with heavy canvas, and well
strapped, but little space would be taken up,
They could be pocked m a couple of casks, and
kept secure and always ready for use,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.' There i?: a
discretion left with the supervisors for the very
purpose of adopting all these improvements for
the uao of \ e^els, i
Mr. MORSE. I do not so read. The bill re- I
quire? lumbei foi rafts, and gives no discretion ;
to use anything else. I will also call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois to the fact that
lus bill requires lights to be placed on allk< flat-
boats, keel-boats, barges, rafts, and other river
craft, exceeding the burden of twenty tons." This
is the first time I ever heard a raft called a craft
or vessel of any description, large or small. I
do not know by what rule they ton a raft of logs,
spars, or other lumber, on the western waters,
whether it be by carpenter's or custom-house
measurement. We have plenty of rafts on our
eastern waters, but have, thus far, discovered no
method of tonning them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a very
important provision, so far as regards western
waters, that rafts should be compelled to carry
lights and show them, so that they should not be
lun into by steamers.
Mr. MORSE. I do not object to requiring
lights on rafts running in navigable waters in the
night, or when moored in channels fiequented by
steamers or vessels. My objection is that we,
by this bill, if passed, call a raft a craft, or vessel
that may be tonned. Putting such a thing m a
bill looks as though we did not know the differ-
ence between a i alt of logs and a craft with breadth
of beam and depth of hold. It would certainly
show great ignorance of the subject on our part.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to have an oppor-
tunity of offering, as an amendment to this bill, a
proviso, that the provisions of this act, and of the
several acts to which it is an addition, shall not
be held and taken to apply to any of the craft
navigating the watmsof the river Tennessee and
its branches, above Muscle shoals. These streams
are so narrow that the dangers and evils intended
to be obviated do not apply to the vessels navi-
gating them. The act of 1852 has been a source
of great annoyance to the owneis of snictll boats
that navigate these streams, and they have been
prosecuU d in the Federal courts for notcomplymg
with its provisions.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see to include the Coosa river, m my distuct.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly. 1 have no ob-
jection.
Mr. COBB. I can wade over any of the rivers
time.
Mr. JOIIN COC1IRANE. If I yield for the
interest of one, I do not see how I inn lefuse to
yield lb) the interest of all the rivers in the district
of my friend from Alabama.
Mi. COBB The gentleman is wry kind. I
never knew him to refuse me anything for my
constituents.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My interest for the
gentleman and his constituents is as deep as their
deepest waters mn. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from New York
ought to feel an interest in me, for I have sent a
thousand copies of his speech to my constituents,
and they think, out there, that he is a great man.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Perhaps the gen-
tleman's constituents are as much mistaken in
thinking me a great man as they are if they think
their Representative an ordinary one. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. So long as 1 associate with the
gentleman fiomNVw York i am satisfied. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will now pro-
ceed with what little 1 have to say on the question
before the House
Mr. COBB. You are not against my amend-
ment, of course.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, no; I favor it.
The objection raised by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Morse] to rafts being included in the pro-
usion of the bill to which he referred, had also
occurred to me, and the same suggestion was pre-
sented to my nund that actuated his, namely: that
rafts consisting of India rubber or hollow metal
might be used in preference to those to be con-
structed of rough lumber, and this mainly for the
very reason that I have before urged, and which
is to be found in the necessity of readiness, prompt-
n^-ss, and accuracy.
in regard to the wheel-houses, I had had it in my
mind to offer, as an amendment to the appropri-
ate section of the bill, when it came up for con-
sideration, that all steumejvi shall have wheel-
houses, from then* guards up, built jn the lorni of
bojits, suitably provided with davits and oilier
apparatus for nnmrib'im launching
I have here a statement upon this subject, from
a naval officer, the substance of which 1 will give
to the House. He informs me that two English
steamers were lost by striking on sunken rocks;
one on the coast of Spain and the other on the Yu-
catan coast. Roth were provided with compart-
ments, which, in neither case, prevailed to the
safety of the vessel; and it is probable that in both
cases every life on board would have been lost had
it not been that both vessels were furnished with
wheel-houses constructed in the form of boats, and,
prepared for immediate launching. They were
launched in thirty seconds, with ease, accuracy,
and composure; and thus was every life saved, all
of which had, in the opinion of the officers, other-
wise been lost.
This statement needs no commentary. It is
pregnant with a meaning which should enlighten
our counsels.
I have no doubt, sir, that the bill, should we
have an opportunity to offer proper amendments,
can be perfected and be made efficacious to ac-
complish the object that the House has in view.
It is evidently unexceptionable to those gentle-
men who represent the interests that extend along
our western waters, and doubtless to many others.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman's
allusion to the western waters reminds me that
on looking over this bill, I find that it provides
equitably for all the rivers in the Union except
one, and that happens to be a good deal the largest
river in the Union, and to have a longer stretch
of steamboat navigation probably than any other
two rivers in the Union, if you except one. It is a
fact, that the absence of railroads m the neighbor-
hood of that river makes it necessary to trans-
port an immense amount of property and an im-
mense number of passenger's upon it. There is
not provided in this bill one inspection district on
that river with over three thousand miles of steam-
boat navigation. A provision has been incorpo-
rated into the bill that no one shall be required to
go moie than three hundred miles to an inspec-
tion office, and by that provision wo are left with-
out the benefits of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman if he made application before the
Committee on Commerce to have a board of in-
spectors there?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I did not know that
new'inspection distiicts were about to be estab-
lished; and whilst 1 intend to do all I can to pass
this bill at the proper time, I shall be obliged,
under the circumstances, to vote for the recom-
mittal, with a vjow of having the river on which
I live provided for.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have nothing
moie to submit upon the merits of the bill, or upon
the question of recommitment. The bill, I believe,
is worthy of being saved, and ought not to be lost;
and I will lend my assistance, feeble as it is, to
prevent this last result. I hope that the bill will
be recommitted; and if there is any objection to
giving the committee the power to report at any
! time, on Monday next we can suspend the rules
by a two-thirds vote, so as to give it that power.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from New York in what essential
particulars this bill differs from the one of the last
Congiess which he supported in a very able
speech of one hour's length?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not know that
there have been any very material alterations. I
must say frankly, in justice to the gentleman and
to myself, that this bill resembles very materially,
if not entirely, that bill. I should, however, ex-
cept a few particulars in which it has been amend-
ed, and, I think, for the better. But I may say
also, in justice to myself, that, since then, I have
considered the bill under additional information
received from gentlemen familiar with the subject,
and who feel a deep and abiding interest in it.
Therefore it is that I have submitted these views,
with no intention to retard or impede the progress
of the bill, but with the hope that we may be able
| to perfect it, and enact it into a law during this
Congress.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. As I have
already stated, if the House will allow the com-
! niittee to report at any time, I have no objection
' to the recommittal of the bill.
| ^ Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope there will
| be no objection. Humanity requires that we
| should perfect the bill and pa.-^s it.
