THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19.
man; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
MOSES MEEKER.
Mr.WALTON, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Hoses Meeker;
which, was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the
bill and report ordered to be printed.
JAMES PHELAN.
Mr. WALTON,from the same committee, also
reported abillfor the relief of JamesPhelan; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed.
Mr.WALTON. 1 now ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the case
of 
Rlr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I must ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, it is
not in order.
GEORGE HALL.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back the memorial of George
Hall; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
JAMES MONROE.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also reported back the memorial of James Mon-
roe; w.hich was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
• Mr. HUTCHINS. I am instructed by the
Committee of Claims to make several adverse
reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to the
reception, during this hour, of any reports which
are not to be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, or to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The objection is well taken
EDWARD JAKVIS.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Edward
Jarvis; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
SYLVESTER DAY.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (C. C. No. 91) for the
relief of the le^al representatives of Sylvester Day,
late surgeon m the United States Army; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
THOMAS FILLEBROWN.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Fine-
brown; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of David Myerle; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed.
OLIVER HARRIS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Oliver Harris;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
HANNIBAL GRAHAM.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Hannibal Graham;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
P. P. HALL.
Mr TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of P. P. Hall, deceased; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and the bill and report ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.  I am directed
by the Committee on Commerce to make several
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have already
objected to receiving any adverse reports during
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Adverse reports are not in
order. The rule only contemplates the reception
of bills.
PETER ROGERSON & SONS.
Mr .WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill for the relief
of Peter Rogerson & Sons, of St. Johns, New-
foundland, owners of the British brig Jessie;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making appropriations for light-
houses, life-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for
the erection and establishment of the same, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
TENCH TILGHMAN.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill (S. No. 79) for the
relief of Tench Tilghman; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
FRANCIS HUTTMANN.  
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back a bill (S. No. 78) for
the relief of Francis Huttmann; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ARTHUR EDWARDS AND OTHERS.
Mr. HELMICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 221) for the relief of Arthur Edwards
and others; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
ALLEN L. PORTER.
Mr. HELMICK, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of Allen L. Por-
ter; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JOIIN SCOTT AND OTHERS.
Mr. COLFAX, from the same committee, re-
ported back an act (S. No. 22) for the relief of
John Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel O.
House; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
JAMES. HOOTEN.
Mr. WOODRUFF, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of James Hooten;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
THOMAS R. LIVINGSTON.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas R.
Livingston; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
J. C. TERRY.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of J. C. Ferry, for carrying
the mail for one quarter from Pittsburg to Frank-
lin; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ST. JOHN 0. GIBBS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of St. John
0. Gibbs; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JOHN KELLY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the same
committee, also reported a bill for the relief of
John Kelly; which was read a first and second
time,referred to aCommittee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ALEXANDER ALBERTSON.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
Alexander Albertson, of Platte county, in the
Territory of Nebraska; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM H. DE GROTE.
Mr. BURNETT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of William H. De Grote; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
MICHAEL NASH.
Mr. BURNETT, from the same committee,
also reported back an act (S. No. 63) for the re-
lief of Michael Nash, of the District of Columbia;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
DANIEL B. VONDERSMITn.
Mr. HINDMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of the cred-
itors of Daniel B. Vondersmith; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the.Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN MOSHER.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of John Mosher; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HARRIET DE LA PALM BAKER.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee,also
reported a bill for the relief of the children of Mrs.
Harriet de la Palm Baker, wido.w, deceased, daugh-
ter and legal heir of the late Lieutenant Colonel
Frederick W. Wiesenfels, of the army of the Rev-
olution; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
REPRESENTATIVES Of SAMUEL JONES.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Captain Samuel Jones, of the Virginia
continental line during the revolutionary war;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CHILDREN OP ISRAEL FISHER.
Mr. DUELL, from the same committee, re-
ported abill forthe relief of the surviving children
of Israel Fisher, a revolutionary soldier; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF CAPTAIN HOPPER.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain
John A. Hopper; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
WILLETT'S POINT FORTIFICATION.
Mr. HASKIN, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, reported a bill to repeal an act for
fortifications opposite Fort Schuyler, at Willett's
or Wilkin's Point, New York; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JOSIAH ATKINS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill
