1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■gig
in theirpresent positions, as theirlemoval,and theappoint-
ment of inexperienced persons*, might cause serious incon-
venience to the Senate, by the derangement of tlie entire
apparatus. ,
Whatever directions may be given by the Senate, as to
the steps to be taken to carry out its views ol* this matter,
will bo cheerfully complied with, and all possible informa-
tion a* to the annual expense of the maintenance ot the
apparatus, will be given to the officer whose duty it is to
take charge of it
1 am, very lespectfully, your obedient servant.
W.B.FRANKLIN,
Captain of Topographical Engineers
in charge Capitol Extension.
IIox. John C. Breckinridge, Vice President of the Uni-
ted States and President of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the communica-
tion was referred to tlie Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
'petitions and memorials.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Catharine
L. McLeod, only surviving child of Ebcnozer
Markham, a Canadian refugee, praying relief on
account of the losses and sufferings of her father
in aiding the cause of the American Revolution;
which, with her petition and papers, on the files
of the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WADE presented (he petition of John Ii.
Wickizer, praying for additional compensation for
taking the census of the counties of Monterey and
Santa Cruz, in the Stat? of California; which was
referred to the Committee oh Claims.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of David
H. Burr, late surveyor general of the Territory of
Utah, praying to he" allowed the salary appertain-
ing to that office, until he was relieved of the care
and responsibility thereof by the tiansfer of Gov-
ernor Cumming ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories. *
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
Thomas Crown, praying l'orrelirf, m consequence
of the arbitrary abrogation of a contioet made by
him with the Uiul"cl States to furnish bricks for
the fortifications at Oak Island, in the State oi
North Carolina, m the year 1826; which, with the
papers on the files of the Senate, relating to the
same subject, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. EIGLER presented the petition of Haym
M. Salomon, praying indemnity for money ad-
vanced and losses sustained by his father, Haym
Salomon, during the war of the Revolution; which,
with the papers on the files of the Senate relating
to the same subject, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HAUN presented the petition of McFar-
land & Downey, praying that the amount due
them for rent of their house in Los Angeles, Cal-
ifornia, occupied by the United States court from
the 27th of October, 1854, to the 5th of August,
1856, under contracts with the United States mar-
shal of that district, be paid; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Richard Che-
nery, of San Francisco, California, praying pay-
ment for the construction of the granite pavement
in front, of the United States cusiorn-liouse at, Han
Francisco, California; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of Charles Mmturn, of San Fran-
cisco, California, president of the Contra-Costa
Steam Navigation Company, for compensation
for transpontng the jfiails from San Francisco to
Oakland and Petaluma; which, with his petition
on the files of the Senate, were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of F. S. Stevens,
vice president of the California Stage Company,
praying an allowance for extraservic.es in carry-
ing the mail m California; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented the. memorial of A. E.
Childs, widow of Brigadier General Thomas
Childs, of the United States Army, praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of L. W.
Boggs, praying an appropriation for his salary as
alcalde and judge of the first instance under the
"military government of California; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. MALLORY presented the preamble and
resolution of the Legislature of Florida, in rela-
tion to the claims of Isaac Welch and other cit-
izens of Florida to reimbursement of expenses
incurred as witnesses in behalf of the United States,
under summons of the. United States marshal;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
.Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Eliz-
abeth Lansdale and Maria M. Fox, sole heirs of
General Stephen Moylan, of the army of the Rev-
olution, praying that his accounts may be settled
on the basis indicated as just by the late Mr.
Hagner, the Third Auditor; which, with the pe-
tition and papers lelating to the claim, on the files
of the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.-
Mr. SL1DELL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Louisiana, in favor of the erection
of a light-house at the mouth of the Calcasieu
river, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana, in favor of the establishment
of a stage line between Harrisonburg and Winns-
boro', ill that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of the
officers and executive committee of the American
Pharmaceutical Association of the United States,
praying for an act of incorporation; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial
of Sweeney, Rittenhouse, Fant&Company, pray-
ing indemnity for losses sustained, in conscqucnce
of the Secretary of the Treasury not adhering to
the terms of the proposals for the ten million loan
under the act of June 14,1858; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
TAPERS WTTIIDTtAWN AND REFERRED.
■On motion of Mi. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition of Thomas Brown, ptayms
payment ofabaUnce clue bunas Societal}- of the Semite ol
the Tcmtoiy ot Florida.picseutedlJcccmberS,be rclcncd
to the Committee on Chums.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of II. 8. Davis and othen,
piaying foi a chnrlci to authoiizc them to construct gas
\vorks"and lay down pipe*, in the city of Washington, for
the purpose of tmmsh ins tlie Government and citizens with
gas, presented Deeembci 8, be referred to the Committee
on tli£ Dlsttict of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That tlie three petitions of citizen* of Wash-
ington, proving lor the incorporation ofiliu Washington and
Geoigetown Pu-^enger ltaihvay Company, presented De-
cember Jo, bo lefencd to the Committee on the District ol
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the claim of John
Sample. pie*cnted December 15, bo lcfeu-edto the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Ilail Neilson,
now on the table of the Senate, be reierred to tlie Com-
mittee on Chnm^.
1 On motion of Ml-. BROWN, it was
! Ordcncd, That the petition and papers of Adolphm Glao-
I vcckf an't 3'. Stiles, now on the table of the Senate,
I be icftnicd to Uk' Committee on Claims.
j On motion of Mr. FITZPA i RICK, it was
Ordered, Thar the petition of A. W. MelUi^rson, praying
compensation 1'ui fittinc up and iiinnMiin^ room-5 tor the
United State,- di-^met court, at Sail Francisco, on the files
of the Senate, be lclcrred to the Committee on Claims.
On moiion of Mr. F1TZPATRICJ1, it was
Ordeied, That the paper,-, in relation to the claims of
Bloekei & Gutlev, and James F. Da\i->, for compensation
as counsel lor Lieutenant Anderson and his detachmcnt,
on the tile? of tlie Hena*e, be lefencd to the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affairs and MiUtia.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, on behalf of Mr.
Brown, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Michael Nash,
on the files, of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Ericsson, praying
compensation for seiviees m the conduction of the ma-
chinery and piopellcr ot the United States steamer Prince-
ton, and the report of the Couit of Claims thereon, on the
files oi the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Brown, adminis-
trator of George Fishci, deceased, on the files ot the Sen-
ate, he referred to the. Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That tho petition of RichaidFitzpatrick,onthe
files of the Senate, he lefetred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr: YULEE, it was ■ 11 r
Ordered, That the petition and papers In the case Q? Johh
Scott, Hill House, and Samuel O. Hotfseyon thelites of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post Qffie&aad
Post Roads. . . '• -, -t.
On motion of Mr, GrWIN, it-was , . ;
Ordered. That tlie petition and papers in; the case of
WiliioipXJ. Pease, on the files of the Senate; be referred to
the Committee on Claims". ^ _
On motion of Mr. GrWIN. it was
0) dered. That the report of the Court of Claims in the
case of Samuel J. Hensiey, on the files" of the Senate, be
referred to tlie Committee on Indian Affairs, ' ( ,
On motion of Mr,. P15ARCE, H,was t i
Ordered, That the petition and papers, in the case of Hiram
McCullough, on the file* of the Senate, be referred t& the
Pnmmiltmn. nn Nntfrtl Affairrf. '
Committee on Naval Affaira.
On motion of Mr. DITRKEE? it was
0) Acred. That the petition and papers in the ease of
Piudence Conch, on tho files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of a committee of tlie direct-
ors of the Metropolitan Railroad Company, praying author-
ity to lay a railroad track from Georgetown through Penn-
sylvania Avenue to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad depot,
presented December 8, be referred to the Committee on tlie
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles F. Anderson, pray-
ing remuneration for his plan of the Capitol extension, pre-
sented December 15, be leferred, with his petition, on the
tiles of the Senate, to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Giounds.
On motion of Mr. BINGITAM, it-was
Ordered, That the petition of Allen Gaylo'rd ant* others,
citizens of Ohio, praying that land,may be granted to the
heirs of those who served in the Indian wars, and that of
1812 with Great Britain, presented December 13, be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.'
On motion of Mr. PUOH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Hiram JI. Robinson, late
United States marshal for the southern district of Ohio,
praying indemnification for expends incurred and losses
suffered in the discharge of the duties of his office, on tho
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, Thafthe petition of Daniel F. .Tiemann and
others, citizens of New York, praying Congress to pass a
law to prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly of, the
public lands of the United States, and that they be laid out
in farms and lots of limited size for the free and exclusive
use of actual settlers, presented December 13, be Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the American Board of
Commissioners for Foreign Missions, praying to be released
from the fouith article of the Cherokee ti eaty, made at New
Echota, on the 29th of December, 1835, on the files of tlie
Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the petition ofTilroan Leak, praying that
money paid by him for ceitain land, which had been pre-
viously sold and patented by the United States to another
person, may be lefunded, with interest, on the flips of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition oi officers of the Washihgton
navy-yard, and citizens of Washington, praying for an ap-
propriation for giaveling Eighth street East, or Garrison
street, from its intersection with Pennsylvania avenue to
th« navy-yaul gate, presented December 12, be leferred to
the Committee on the Distiiet of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis of Mis. MaryWal-
back, widow of the late Brevet Bngadier GencralJ.B. Wal-
back, United States Army, piaying to be allowed a pension,
on the files of tho Senate, be refeired to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MASON. I ask that the papers in tlie
case of William K. Jennings and others, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate. Their appli-
cation is for payment for certain slaves who were
carried away during the war of 1812, and pay-
ment for which was provided under the contention
with Great Britain. A bill for their relief has
passed the Senate more than twice, and therefore
my motion is not objectionable to the rule.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
papers were referred to tlie Committee oil Foreign
Relations: The petition of Mary Martin, formerly
widow of Robert Lindsay, praying remuneration
for a slave captured by the enemy during the -war
with Great Britain; the petition of Ann Robinson,
praying compensation out of the fund pro-odea
by the treaty of Ghent, for negroes carried off by
the British troops in the war of 1812; the jxsttooii
of William K. and Alphia W. Jerinings, legal
representatives of William Bean, praying com-
pensation out of the fiuid provided by the treaty
