THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1860.
New Series No. 196.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is according to a law
we passed at this session.
Mr. FOSTER. It is to carry out a law which
was approved on the 14th of June; but, by inad-
vertence, the amount was not appropriated in that
bill. It is necessary to carry out that law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] who had to leave, asked me to offer
an amendment for him, which he supposed was
in pursuance of estimate. It is, as I find, in pur-
suance of an estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury, but there is nc^particular recommend-
ation of it. It relates to an experiment ordered by
Congress upon the plan of Dr. Barclay, for pre-
venting the counterfeiting and clipping of coin.
It wasrefeired to Professor Rogers and Professor
Vethake, of Philadelphia, who have made a re-
port in which they recommend the scheme most
highly, and ask for enough to make a die for the
purpose of striking off a specimen coin, and the
Secretary makes an estimate of what it will cost.
The amendment is for such a sum as will provide
that die to make one specimen coin. Thefimend-
ment is:
J2nd be \t further enacted, That the sum of $3,000 be, and
the bHme hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended uuder
the joint re.-olution passed the 2Gth of February, 1857, to
prevent the eounterlciting of the coins of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have before me the Secretary's
estimate for navy-yards, and I desire to move to
amend the appropriation for the navj'-yard at
Mare Island, so as to increase the .sum to$403,350,
according to the estimate of the Department. I
know the Senate are not disposed to make any
large appropriations for navy-yards at this session,
but I think I can with some degree of propriety
make an appeal to the Senate in favor of the navy-
yard at Mare Island. The construction of that
yard was commenced only five years ago, and its
further deiay will be very injurious, not only to the
ubhcservice there,but will cause considerable loss
y the depreciation of property that ought to be
completed. There are foundations whiclfoughtat
least to be coveied in. The work is of the greatest
possible importance to the public service. I hope,
therefore, that the rule which was adopted at the
last session of Congress, against making appro-
priations for navy-yards generally, will not apply
to the navy-yard at Mare Island. It is only re-
cently commenced. It is not like the other navy-
yards of the United States, and it is a matter of
the greatest consequence that the work there
should progress.
Mr. HUNTER. Was that estimate sent in
this year ?
Mr. GWIN. I sent to the Secretary of the
Navy and asked him for an estimate, and he sent
a letter in which he referred to this estimate for-
merly made by the Department. I send the letter
to the desk to be read.
Mr. HUNTER. It is very strange that he es-
timated for this one yard only, and not for the
rest.
Mr. GWIN. I called for an estimate, and he
referred to the estimate formerly made. I send
the letter up to be read. *
The Secretary read, as follows:
Navy Dfpartment, June 56, I860.
Gfvtt.rmf.v • i have the honoi to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your letter of thii date, requesting the Department
to send to the Committee on Finance or N.ival Affairs an
estimate for the navy-yard at Maie Island
The Department is unable to furnish to-day any other
estimate than that which was submitted with the estimates
for 18j8-o9, and which Congress struck out at its last ses-
sion.
I am, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
I. TOUCEY.
Hons. William M. Gwin and M. S. Latham, United
States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is no estimate at all
for this year.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of#order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
motion of the Senator from California?
Mr. GWIN. To strike out the appropriation
196
for the navy-yard at Marc Island, and insert the
amount which I sent to the Secretary—the amount
of the estimate of last year.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question whether
that is an estimate such as to sanction an addi-
tional appropriation now.
Mr. G w IN. I give the exact amount of the
estimate referred to by the Secretary of the Navy,
which is in the printed estimates at the last ses-
sion. Four hundred and three thousand three
hundred and fifty dollars was the estimate at the
last session.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit whether that is good
for this session. There was such an estimate for
all the navy-yards at the last session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
In line one hundred and thirty-eight, to strike out
" $20,000/' and insert   $403,350.''
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Chair decide that
that amendment comes under the rule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not in possession of any specific sum stated by
the Department; but a motion has been made by
the Senator from California stating the amount,
and the Secretary of the Navy has referred to an
estimate offered two years ago, but the Chair is
not in possession of the estimate as stated by the
Department; and upon that point, unless some
further information is given, the Chair will rule
it out of order.
Mr. GWIN. The Senatoi from Floiida has
the estimate before him. He gave me the amount
that is named in the amendment, which is the
exact estimate of the Department.
Mr.MALLORY. The estimatefurnished there
was the estimate presented at the last session of
Congress. I was about, to propose as an amend-
ment to this proposition, if it were ruled to be in
order, the estimates which were made also for the
other yards where works have been suspended
and are only partially completed, and are really
suffering and deteriorating for the want of an ap-
propriation. Tiie estimates that were made at the
last session of Congress are before me for all the
other navy-yards, as well as for this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
understanding that the amount stated by the Sen-
ator from California is the amount estimated by
the Department, rules the amendment to be in
order. That being the fact, the Chair decides the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. HALE. For the purpose of submitting a
single remark, I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair; and I wish to state that I think, if
the Chair had apprehended precisely the nature
of the case, he would have made a different de-
cision. The state of the case is this: the Senators
from California send to the Secretary of the Navy
and ask him for an estimate, and he replies to
them declining to give any estimate, but saying
that he can make no other than the one he made j
two years ago, which the Senate voted down, j
That is all he has done; and if the Chair rules that |
an estimate made to a former Congress and then 1
voted down, the Secretary now refusing to send any |
other, brings the case within the rule, I must most '
respectfully dissent from the ruling of the Chair, i
I think the Chair would not have so decided if he !
had apprehended the question as I do.
Mr. GWIN. The Secretary did not refuse to ;
make an estimate, but he said he referred to the
former estimate. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question j
is on the appeal, which is not debatable. j
Mr. HALE. Oh, yes it is. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the letter of the De- j
partment be read again. i
The Secretary again read the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that, inasmuch as the Department has re- !
ferred to the estimate sent to Congress at the last |
session as the only estimate he wishes to make, j
this is an estimate made by the Department, and j
therefore the amendment is in order. The Son- |
ator from New Hampshire appeals fcom the de-
cision of the Chair; and the question is: "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the Senate?"
Mr.IVERSON, The question is not under-
stood in this part of the House. We'should be
happy to understand what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A question is
raised by the Senator from NewHampsnire upon
an amendment moved by the Senator from Cali-
fornia. The Senator from California moves an
amendment to the bill now before the Senate, to
stiike out a certain appropriation in the bill for a'
navy-yard, and to insert an additional amount,
upon the ground of an estimate sent to him from
the Department, which estimate was made a year
a^o, and which is now stated by the Secretary of
the Navy to be the only estimate he can make oh
the subject. The Chair decides that that comes
within the rule as an estimate from the Depart-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to inquire whether
there has been any estimate sent to this Congress
from the Department?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That the Chair
cannot say.
Mr. IVERSON. Didthe Chatrrule theiamcod-
ment of the Senator from California to be in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
ruled it to be in order upon the ground that the
Secretary of the Navy referied to the estimate
which he had made at the last Congress as the
oniy estimate ho had to make onthesubject. From
the decision of the Chair nn appeal is taken; and
the question, therefore, is: "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate r"
Mr. DAVIS. I think the question is compli-
cated by the peculiar manner in which the Secre-
tary of the Navy has replied to the Senators from
California. I do not see what fair construction
can be put upon his letter other than this: "I
made an estimate last year, and I stand by it; if
I were to make it over again, I would make it in
exactly the words and figures then employed."
If that be so—and I cannot see any other construc-
tion to t)c given to the letter—I think the ruling of
the Chair is correct.
Mr. HALE. I want to suggest, in answer to
that—though I do not pretend to be versed much
in questions of order—that this is not a commu-
nication made to the Congress, nor to the Senate,
nor to any committee of the Senate; it is simply
an answer to a private letter sent to the Secretary
of the Navy by a couple of members, asking him
to make out an estimate. He says:
a 1 cannot do anything more than refer to one that I
made before, which Congress voted down."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me that the
last objection is a conclusive one, and I meant to
suggest it myself, when the Senator from New
Hampshire did so. If this is an estimate, and
estimates are to be obtained in this way, there
would be no amondmentmovedhereforany such
expenditure that might not have the sanction of
an estimate. If a private correspondence between
two members of this House and a Secretary con-
stitutes such an estimate as the rules of the Sen-
ate require, it is giving a new extension altogether
to the rules. The estimate alluded to in the rules
of the Senate is an act performed officially by a
Secretary and communicated to this body or to an
official organ of this body. That is an estimate,
and nothing else is an cstimate;and our expenses
would be subject toa very erring and a very wan-
dering standard, indeed, if gentlemen, by getting
up a correspondence with a Secretary; and obtain-
ing such private answers as this to private letters,
can come here and apply the official sanction of
an estimate to any demand they please to make
upon the Treasury. It is not m the nature or the
character of an estimate such as is contemplated
by the rule. It is a private correspondence, in
which the Secretary informs a Senator of what he
haw heretofore done and states that he thinks he
can make no other estimate if he was now required
