8122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
to, mafceGine; but there is no official authority re-
quiring him, to make one—no demand for one by
any official authority whatever. It-is unofficial
throughout, and, under the rule, affords 110 sanc-
tion for increasing the appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS. The point which is made by the
Senator from Kentucky, of its being unofficial,
has caused me to learn what I did not know be-
fore. I admit that I was mistaken in one point
of the case. I supposed that the Senator from
California was a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and that he made the inquiry as
such, which would have made it an officiaj cor-
respondence. If, as stated, this is an estimate
which was presented at a former session, and re-
jected by Congress, then it was dead; and if this
was a correspondence notofficial—such as officials
hold with this Secretary of the Navy—I think
these are facts which were not before the Chair
when it made its decision.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am not very familiar with tho
rules, for I have never paid much attention to them;
but I should like to know if it is not in order,
when there is an estimate, to move an increase of
the appropriation beyond that estimate ?
Mr. HUNTER. The words of the rule are,
"no amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions. " That is the language of the rule.
Mr. GWIN. The estimate was sent here last
year. The Secretary made out the estimates of
this year, and, on account of Congress refusing
last year to pass his estimates, he did not send
them in this year.
The question being put, tho decision of the
Chair was overruled; and the amendment was not
received.
Mr. MALLORY. I have one little amend-
ment. It is, after line two hundred and nine, to
insert:
Tor the removal of the naval monument from the west
front of the Capitol to the grounds of the Naval Academy
at Annapolis, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to" the Senate, asamended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. Shall the question be
taken on the amendments together or separately?
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to except one, that m
relation to the Nautical Almanac.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. Then, if no
Other exception is made, the Chair will put the
question on concurring in ail the amendments,
save the one referred to by the Senator from
Maryland.
The remaining amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment which
has been made by striking out" twenty-iive,"and
inserting " fifteenin line two hundred and eight,
so as to make the clause read:
For preparing for publication the American Nautical Al-
manac, ,$15,H80.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to state that, since this
question was up in Committee of the Whole, 1
have looked at the estimates, and I find a state-
ment from Captain Ine;raham, Chief of the Bu-
reau of Ordnance and Hydrography, in which he
gives the items of this appropriation:
For salaries of computers $16,250
For puicliabc of paper, printing, &c.,in order to pub-
lish in the year 1861 the Nautical Almanac re-
quired for the year 1864, and lor occasional pilot-
ing, stationery, books, binding, &e  3,630
For the new planets discovered since 1849  3,000
For new planetary tables  1,000
For extra editions of volumes already published... 800
Clerk hire  •j00
Contingencies  '00
I have received also a communication from the
officer in charge of the Nautical Almanac, who re-
minds me—what I find to be the factalso from the
remarks on that subject in the Secretary's report—
that last year, by some clerical error or other, the
appropriation for the Nautical Almanac was not
inserted in the bill. It was lost in some way or
other—not voted down, but lost by some inad-
vertence or mistake; so that there was no appro-
priation last year at all for this most valuable and
necessary thing. I say it is valuable, and I be-
lieve no one who knows anything about it can
deny it. I think it is also necessary, because, if
we do not publish a Nautical Almanac of our own,
we must depend altogether on the British. There
being no appropriation last year, an appropri-
ation is asked for this year. The Senator from
Florida may reply that the year before last$26,000
were appropriated. The officer m charge of this
work tells me that the appropriation for the Brit-
ish Nautical Almanac is over twenty-one thou-
sand dollars. That is their ordinary appropri-
aaion; and they do not accomplish so much as is
done in the American Nautical Almanac; and
there is, I understand, a very valuable ephemeris
attached to it. There can be no question of the
importance, of the necessity indeed, of the Nau-
tical Almanac; and I think none question the pro-
priety of our having an almanac of our own. I
do not understand exactly why this is opposed.
The Senator from New Hampshire wishes to
destroy it altogether, and depend, I suppose, on
the British Nautical Almanac.
Mr. HALE. Where is this done?
Mr. PEARCE. At Cambridge. Is the objec-
tion, then, to the locality? There is no better place
than Cambridge, where they have an observatory,
where they have gentlemen of learning in mathe-
matics and astronomical science. But the com-
puters are not stationed at Cambridge. They are
employed where high abilities in tiiat line can be
got, and are scattered all over the country; and
that would be the case if you were to transfer it
to the observatory here. You would save nothing
by that; for you would have to increase the corps
of officers, you would have to employ additional
computers. I take it for granted that the gentle-
men who are at the NationalObservatory are fully
employed. If they-are not, the service of that
branch of our public business ought to be reduced,
and very greatly reduced. Nobody expects that
establishment to do any more than it is now doing,
I presume, unless you expend more money. Em-
ploy these computers, purchase this paper, have
this printing done, make these tables, reprint the
volumes which have been exhausted—not the old
volumes, but the volumes are out up to 1863—
and these have been already purchased up, I pre-
sume, or we should not have been asked to appro- i
propriate $801) to reprint some of these volumes.
Mr. HALE. I do not know thatthis Nautical
Almanac is an exception to the manner in which
this Government does its business generally. We
keep a tolerably good-sized standing Army; but
when we want to kill an Indian, we aie called
upon to have an extra regiment of volunteers, and
the regular Army is always employed somewhere
else. We have considerable of a Navy—I think
about thirty-six steamers, of various draughts; but
the moment there is any occupation for a .steamer,
somebody comes in with a proposition for three
or four hundred thousand or a million dollars to
build some new steamers to go on this special ser-
vice. We have got the country full of scientific
calculators. We have a Naval Academy at An-
napolis, and we have a Coast Survey here, and an
Observatory here, full of the most scientific talent
in the countiy; but the moment there is an alma-
nac to make, we want £>25,000 in addition, and
somebody outside to do it. Now, I have as much
feeling for Cambridge and Cambridge college, and
the attainments there, as anybody else has; but,
sir, I am opposed to appropriating §25,000 a year
to make a sort of lying-in hospital for literary val-
etudinarians til Cambridge; and I think we had
better use our own skill- and science, at least to
the extent to which the bill stands amended, at
$15,000. It seems we got along last year without
anything. Let us see if we cannot get along this
year with the §15,000 at which the bill stands.
Mr. MALLORY. I stated to the Senate, when
I moved to reduce the amount to §15,000, that the
Nautical Almanac commenced at §13,000. I will
give the Senate the appropriations which we hove,
from year to year, made for this work. It began
m 1850, and we appropriated $12,850. We ap-
propriated all they asked from year to year, and
no attempt at reduction has ever been made until
now. In 1851 they asked $10,400, and we'appro-
priated it; in 1852, $,19,400; in 1853, the same; m
1854, $20,880; in 1855, §20,880; in 1856, ^25,725;
in 1857, $26,880; and in 1858, §26,880. It has
been steadily accumulating in amount, and here
is the Almanac, [exhibiting it.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Have the contents been
increased ?
Mr. MALLORY. In this hurried manner, I
will not attempt to show—which I might very
easily show—that, for nautical purposes, the
amount in controversy here is amply sufficient;
but I venture to say that any man, whose opinion
is worth entertaining at all, will not deny the fact
thata Nautical Almanac, for the purposes of nav-
igation on the high seas, may be published for
$15,000.
Mr, POLK. This matter was discussed in
Committee of the Whole,and was very well con-
sidered, and I think we may vote on it without
any further discussion. I hope we shall have the
vote on it. It is getting late.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was .concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
PETITION.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of John
Reeves, a citizen of the United States, and naval
architect, praying the passage of a joint resolu-
tion directing the American minister residing at
Constantinople to present his claim to the Sultan
of Turkey, and demand a just and legal settle-
ment of his claim for services rendered to that
Government; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message fi om the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(11. It. No. 407) granting an invalid pension to
Ezekie! Jones; and it was signed by the Vice
President.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. YULEE. I ask that the Senate take up
the bill of the House No. 503, which relates to
appropriations for the year 1860 for the Post
Office Department, called usually the Post Office
deficiency bill. My purpose is to adjourn on that
bill.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is necessary to have a
short executive session. I therefore make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 18, 1860.
The TTouse met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H.
Stockton*.
The Journal of Saturday w;as read and approved.
COURTS TNT LOUISIANA.
Mr. LANDRUM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill changing the terms of the United
States district court for the western district Gf
Louisiana; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
OKDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. VALLAN DIGH AM. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This being Monday, under the
new rules adopted on the 16th of March last, I
submit that the business first 111 order is the call of
States for bills and resqjutions for reference only.
The SPEAKER. The contested-election ease
from Kentucky takes precedence.
Mr. STRATTON. That was the general un-
derstanding yesterday. Unanimous consent was
given to resume the consideration fit" that subject
I Ins morning, with the understanding that the
previous question should be called on it at half
past one o'clock.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives requesting
him to communicate any information in his pos
session relative to the operations of thejrecipro
city treaty with Canada; which was refeired to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
