2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
within the United States or on the high seas, or on the wa-
ters of the northern or northwestern lakes and rivers, to
comply with the following regulations in respect to carry-
ing lights in the night season, viz: All vessels which have
a square-ngged foremast shall carry a stationary, bright
white light against the foward side of said mast, immedi-
ately under the sling of the fore-yard, but so high as to be
seen over the said yard,.whether the foresail be furled or
otherwise 5 this lantern to be consti ucted so as to show its
light all round, except in that part which comes against the
mast. AH vessels having a fore-and-aft rig upon the fore-
mast, shall hoist a bright white light to the end of the fore-
mast cross-trees; this provision shall also apply to vessels
having a single mast. Fore-and-aft-rigged vessels having no
cross-trees shall carry ashottiionout-riggerfrom the mast-
head, to which the lantern shall be hoisted ; this lantern to
• be so constructed as to show its light on all sides. All sail
vessels of seventy tons and over shall also carry a station-
ary white light over the stern in a central position, the lan-
tern to be so constructed and placed as to show an unbroken
light through at least sixteen points of the compass, viz:
from deau aft to the beam on either side of the vessel, it
shall also be the duty of all sail vessels, when steameis arc
meeting or neaung them, whether by night or day, to con-
  tinue, it practicable, upon the eouise they may be steering
until the steamer shall have passed them; but it shall be
unlawful for any sail vessel having the wind free to cross a
channel when an approaching steainei is so near that col-
lision might ensue therefrom, if it be possible for such sail
vessel to stand along the channel until the steamer shall
have passed. Such sail vessels shall afso, whether under
way or otherwise, unless moored out of the channel or at
a proper landing, during a fog, snow storm, or thick weather,
sound a suitable bell or horn, at intel vals not exceeding two
minutes, as a warning to approaching vessels*; and when
such sail vessels, whether under way or othei wise, shall
hear the steam whistle of an apptoaclnng steamer, duung
such tog, snow storm, or thick weather, they shall, 111 an-
swer to the same, unless mooied as above set forth, sound
such bell or hoin continuously until the steamer shall have
passed them; and when at anchor in the night season, one
bright white light shall be placed in the starboard lore-
shrouds, not moie than ten teet above the rail ot the vessel,
in a position to be seen by other vessels from whatever di-
rection approaching. And it shall be the duty of the owner
or master of evety fiat-boat, keel-boat,barge, lalt, or othei
river craft, exceeding the buiden of twenty tons, when un-
der way or being towed, or moored, or at anchor during the
night season, on any navigable stream, river, or waters
within the United States, to exhibit a lire or bnght white
light in such manner as to show the position of such flat-
boat, keel-boat, barge, iaft, or othei nvci ciaft, exceeding
the buiden of twenty tons; and it shall be the duty of the
owner or master of every such Hat-boat, keel-boat, barge,
raft, or other river craft. exceeding the burden of twenty
tons, whpn prosecuting a voyage irom port to poit, whether
underway or at anchor, or if moored at a general steam-
boat landing place, during such voyage on any of the navi-
gable waters of the United States, duung a fog, snow storm,
or thick weather, when an approaching vessel or steamer
cannot be seen at a disrance of four hundred yards, to
cause to be sounded, at intervals of not exceeding two min-
utes, a suitable bell or horn, as a warning to approaching
vessels or steamers; and it shall be the duty of the master
or owner of any steamer, when under way, upon any navi-
gable waters of the United States, or on the high seas, dur-
ing such fog, snow storm, or thick weather, to s.ound a
proper steam whistle, at iritei vals of not exceeding two
minutes, as a warning to other vessels, steamers, and cralt;
and when at anchor or moored, except in pott, or at a gen-
eral landing place or anchorage out ot the channel. 011 any
of the navigable waters, as aforesaid, to sound a suitable
bell, at intervals of not exceeding two minutes, as such
warning; and if the owner or matter of any such ve«tel or
other craft, as afoiesaid, shall neglect to comply with any
of the regulation* contained ni tins section, he or they shall
forfeit and pay for eveiy such otlciise a penalty of fifty dol-
laiss; and if, by reason of «uch negligence, Joss or damage
shall occur, he or they shall be liable to the injured party
for all such loss or damage, and either penalty or damages,
or both, may bo recoveied by action ol debt in any court of
competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all passenger
steamers hcieafter built navigating tin: ocean onaioute
exceeding four hundred miles in total length, -shall be fur-
nished and fitted with at leastthice water-tighteiossbulk-
heads, securely and substantially built, lonmng sepaiate
compartments, two of which bulkheads shall inclose the
boilers and machinery, to he made ot 11 on, or covered with
iron on the lace prevented to the engine eompaumerit, and
the third hulknead shall be placed at a distance from the
stem of from one sixth to one eighth of the whole length
of the vessel; tiuougli each ol said bulkheads there may
he not exceeding two opening-* for pa-sing fiom one eom-
paitment to another, such opening- to be placed as highas
the general auangemenis oi the ve-srl w ill pennit, and each
opening to have in the clear not exceeding fouiteen super-
ficial feet; each ot said openings shali be titted with a tight
shutter or valve > the lunger, bolt-', tautening-, and all othei
mountings 01 such shutters o; valves, shall be constructed
of metal not liable to cono-ion ; and all otherslcainers, (ex-
cept tugs, tow-boats, fj eight-boat1-, ami fei rj-bnats, and ex-
cept tlio-^e employed exclusively in the navigation ot uver-,)
which shall be hereafter huilt,Vhail have at least one such
watei-ught bulkhead; said bulkhead to have no opening
for communication through it fiom one eomparlinent to
anoihei, and to be placed at a distance fiom Lhe stem of
not less than one tenth, and not more than one sixth, the
whole length of the vessel, Each of the aforesaid bulk-
heads shall have one or uioio suitable opening forthe pas
sage of bilge water, which openings shall be fitted -with
pioper valve? madeot metal not subject to corio^ion, and
conveniently auanged for opening and ''losing fiom the
deck.
Sec. 11. And be it further cnacted, That on all passenger
steameis now ouilf, or hereafter built, navigating the ocean
011 a route exceeding four hundred miles m total length, 111
addition to the pumps requneu by the said act of the 30th
day of August, 1852, each compartment shall be furnished
and fitted with two ordinary lilting pumps, each to be of a
capacity at least equal to five inches diameter and ten inches
length ot stiokc, airanged in a proper manner for being
worked by manual labor upon the mam deck. The pumps
and their pipe^ in each compartment shall be inclosed in a
pump-well of sufficient dimensions to admit the passage of
a man, for the purpose of cleanngand lepairing them; and
in all such steamers which maybe hereafter builtfill valves
to openings in the bottom and sides of the vessel, below
deep -water line, with their connections, shall be inclosed
in such a manner as to admit the passage of a person to
examine them, and shall be so arranged that they may be
opeued and closed from a point at least six feet above the
top oi the floor ceiling.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all passenger
steamers shall be piovided with good and sufficient cables
anchors, hawseis, and other cordage; and all steamers em-
braced in the preceding section shall, in addition, be also
furnished with all necessary carpenters' tools and materials,
storm sails, spare spars, and lumber for the constiuction of
rafts, in such number and quantity as may be certified by
the proper inspector or inspectors to be sufficient, when
added to the lite-boats, for the preservation of the lives of
the maximum number of passengers, as specified by the in-
spector's certificate, together with the officeis and crew;
and in addition to the tire buckets required by said act of
the 30tli day of August, 1832, ocean-going steamers of not
less than the burden of onethousandtons shall be provided
with fifty buckets; and larger steamers, ten additional
buckets for each additional five hundred tons burden; said
buckets to be constructed ot wood, leather, or other suit-
ble inateual, and to be kept ready for service m case of fire
or leakage.
Sfo. 13. And be it further enacted, That no passenger
steamer, embraced within the eleventh section of this act,
nor any ocean-going,foreign-builtsteainershall be permitted
to carry into or out of any port of the United States more
than one peison, exclusive of officers and ciew, to every
three and one half tons of lawful tonnage measurement.
Any offense against this piovtsion shall be punished in the
manner prescribed in the tenth and tluity-fifth sections of
the aforesaid act, appioved the 30th day of August, 1852.
Sec. L4. And be it further enacted, That all passenger
steameis, described m the eleventh section of this act, shall
can y, in addition to the materials for making 1 at'ts, described
in the twelfth section, hie-boats sufficient in number and
capacity for cairymg at least one half of the maximum
number of passengers as specified in the inspector's cer-
tificate, together with one half of the officers and crew of
the steamer; said boats to be numbered and so distributed
and arranged as to be immediately serviceable in ease of
danger; and all boats earned 011 passenger steamers shall
be of such form, material, construction, and capacity as
shall be appioved by the inspectors; and all boats of steam-
ers, described in the eleventh section as aiotc-aid, shall
also be numbered arid provided each with a mast, yard, a
lug-sail, compass, rudder, full set of oars, boat hooks, two
small buckets for bailing, painter, two painted canvas or
India-rubber bags, and two breakers orsmall'casks, propor-
tioned iu size to the number of pei.sons each boat is de-
signed to carry—the bags to contain biscuit, and the break-
ers fresh water. Each boat shall also be piovided with a
small canvas bag containing a hatchet, gimlet, nails, sole
leathei, or sheet lead, to repair the boat, spun yarn, and
other materials which may be necessary for the use and
safety of the boat and passenger*.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the inspectors, forthe purposes of inspection, within
the pciiod of five jcars fiom the time of constitution of
eveiy steamer dc&eiibed in the eleventh section of fins act,
if built of wood, to bore the hull of the same m such man-
ner as shall satisfy them as to its soundness and sea-woithy
condition ; and it* the lesult of such prcltmtnaiy examina-
tion shall, 111 their opinions, justify sucii a piocedure, they
niay require one or more planks to be removed lioin the
vessel, 111 such places as they shall designate ; and every
such steamer now built, the age of which exceeds five years,
shall undeigo a like examination as soon as practicable
afterthis act shall take effect.
Snc. JG. And be it f tathcr enacted, That 110 supervising
oi local inspector shall be permitted to act as master, pilot,
01 other officer, on board any vessel propelled iu whole 01
in part by steam; nor shall any such inspector or inspect-
ors giant any ceititieate of inspection to any steamer in
which he or they may be interested, directly or indirectly,
a- owner, pait ownci, manager, superintending engineer,
01 agent; and if any sin h ceiufieate be gianted contrary to
th" loiegoing pmvision, if shall hi' void and of 110 eflect;
and any mspectoi who shall so grant a ceuifieate shall for-
feit and pay lor each offense the sum of $1,1100; and should
any inspector or im peetors giant any ecitificatc of inspec-
tion ni which ho or they may he interested as aforesaid,
such inspector 01 inspectors -hall foileithis or their ofhee,
and shall be foievei afierwaids incapable of holding the
same.
Sr:c. 17. An I he it fiat her enacted, That in addition to
the nine supervising inspeetois, the appointment of which
is unthouzxd by the eighteenth section ol the act of the 30th
day of August. 1852, one othei. ot'like qualifications, shall
he appointed In the l\esiden{, bv and With the advice and
consent of the Scmue, foi the i'aciric coast of the United
j States* Provided,That tin.- additional t-upcrvifinginspector
shall not be requited to attend the meetings oi the board of
supeivisitig iii-pcctois, or take any pait >n their pioeeed-
ings, but shall ouinmuuitaie with the said board 01 the ofli-
j eeis thoieor m wutiog, and shall make an annual lepoit to
said boaul us requited of the other supeivHing inspeetois,
and in all his official acts and pioeeetfing? shall be governed
by -uch tulej and regulations as may be from time to time
established by said boaid; and a certified copy ot such rules
and regulations, and all their proceedings, shall be foi-
warded to him b'\ the secietary ot the said board. The com-
pensation of such supei vising inspector forthe Pacific coast
shall be §2,QUO per annum, with traveling and other ex-
penses as heretofore allowed to such inspeetois.
Sec. 18. Andbc it jut the r enacted, That m addition to the
local inspeetois for the collection districts named in the
ninth section of the act of the 30th day of August, 1852,
there shall be a board of local inspectors at Galena, Illinois ;
at Oregon City, Oregon; at Paducah, Kentucky; and at
Memphis, Tennessee; to be appointed in the same manner,
and to have sucli character, qualifications, and powers, and
to discharge the same duties as are requiied of the local in-
spectors now holding appointment under that act.
Sec. 19. Andbeit further enacted, That there shall bean
assistant inspector of hulls, and an assistant inspector of
boilers and machinery, for the district of New Yoik. Such
assistantinspectors shall be appointed in like manner with
tl?e local inspectors, and with like powers, subject, how-
ever, in the performance of their duties, to the control and
direction of the local inspeetois of the district of New
Yoik. Such assistant inspectors shall also be governed by
the instructions which may be given them from time to
time by the supervising inspectoi of the district, in the same
manner as lequired of the local inspectors already appointed
by the act of the 30th day of August, J 852.
Sec. Q0. And be it fuither enacted, That in case of one
of the members of any local board becoming incapacitated
foi the performance of his duties by sickness, during the
absence ot the supervising inspector from the port where
saieh boaid is located, also in case a vacancy m a local
board shall occur in consequence of death, resignation, or
lernoval, the remaining inspector may, with the approval
of the collector, call in pioper and competent aid to assist
111 making inspections; and certificates of such inspections
made by the remaining member of the board and such as-
sistant shall be valid, and of full force and effect, and shall
warrant the collector, or other chief officer of customs, in
issuing enrollments and licenses; and licenses issued to
pilots and engineers, under the same circumstances and
conditions, and having the signature of but one of the in-
speetois and assistant as aforesaid, shall be considered a
valid license and of full foice and effect. Any assistant
so called m, as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a per diem of
four dollars lor his services whilst so acting, to be paid by
the collector or chief officer of the customs, out of the rev-
enue heiem provided.
Sec. 21. And be it fuither enacted, That th~fe salaries of
the local inspectors in the several districts of the United
States shall hereafter be as follows, namely: in New York
and New Orleans, $2,000 each ; m San Fiancisco, §1,800
each; in Pittsbmg, Louisville, Cincinnati, St. Louis, and
Philadelphia, $1,600 each; in Detroit, Buffalo, Baltimore,
and Oregon City, $1,200 each; in Boston and Mobile,
$1,000 each ; in Cleveland, $800 each; in Chicago, New
London, Wheeling,and Charleston,$700 each; in Galena,
Paducah, Memphis, and Nashville, $G00 each; in Portland,
Noifolk, Galveston, Oswego, Builmgton, and Savannah,
$500 each ; in New Yoik, the assistant inspeetois, $l,2o0
each. And said inspeetois shall not be allowed any other
or fuither traveling expenses or charges than those here-
tofore allowed; and each collector or chief officer of the
customs shall be entitled to receive $1 50 for every set of
inspection certificates prepared and issued under the pro-
visions of law; the whole to be paid under the directior
of the Secietary of the Treasuiy.
Sec. 22. And be it Jurthcr enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the collector or other chief officcr of customs in
each collection district to administer all necessary official
oaths to the inspeetois; also, in distiicts where there is no
local boaid, to pilots or engineers, in case of a renewal of
license, when requested by the supervising or local inspect-
ors so to do. Inspeetois are hereby authorized and em-
powered to administer all oaths necessary in the perform-
ance of their official duties.
Sec. 23. And be it fuither enacted, That the reports of
the local inspectors, specified 111 the fourteenth clause of
the ninth section, and in the thitty-sccond section of said
actot the 30th day of August, 1852, shall hereafter be made
to the supervising inspector of the distuct instead of the
chief officcr of the customs ; and the icporta required in
said thirty-second section shall be made annually at such
time as the boaid of supei vising inspectors may dnect; and
instead of the leports to be made by the collectois or other
chief officers of the customs to each other, piovided for by
the twenty-third section of said act, such reports shall
heieattei be made without delay by each boaid of local in-
speetois to the other boauls, 111 such manner as may be pre-
set ibed by the supei vising boaid.
See. 2-i. And he it further enacted, That whenever any
accident shall happen to any passenger steamer, by which
theie is a loss ot life on boaid of the same, or on boaid of
any other vessel, by such accident, it shall be the duty of
the master, or, m case of his death or absence, it shall be
the duty of the licensed ofluers of such steamer, to leport
the same at the first poi tot entry or dehveiy at winch such
steamei shall arrive, and within twenty-lour hours after
such arrival, to the collector or eurvc\oi of customs, or
other officer performing the functions o: .-uch collector or
suiveyor: or if such amval be at a foreign poit, such re-
port shall be made to the consul or \ice-con-ul of the
United States ; and such consul or vice-consul shall im-
mediately toi ward a copy ot such repoit to the collector,
or other pioper officei of the customs, of the port fiom
which such steamer last cleaied iu the United States; and
the collector or other officei of customs shall refer all re-
poits of such accidents to the supervising inspector of the
distuct. Said repoit shall be made m writing, and under
oath, and shall contain the name of the steamer, and the
names of the master and all licensed officers on board at
the time of such accident; also, full paiticulais of time and
place, and all the cncuiristauces attending such accident;
1 and 11 an v master or licensed officer as aforesaid shall will-
i fully lefuso or neglect to make such report and statement
! a* afoiesaid,he shall be liable to a fine of $100, which may
I be sued lor and recovered in any court of competent juris-
| diction.
1 Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
; the tluity-fifth section of the said act of the 30ih day of
August, 1852, shall not apply to passenger steamers the route
of which shall not exceed a distance of thiity miles; but it
shall be the duty of the masters of ail passenger steamers
(exeept feiry-boats) to keep a correct account of the nura-
bei of passengers cained, and to furnish a correct copy of
the same when so required by the inspectors; and any
