1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
srn
Also, a communication from the Secretary" of
the Treasury, in response to a resolution of the
House of the 20th of March last, in reference to
the removal of Morritz Schweffier, late collector
of customs at Milwaukee, Wisconsin; which waa/
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. /
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION. \
Mr. CHRISMAN", (contestant.) Mr. Speaker,
I hold in my hand a carefully prepared table of
the state of the vote as it was returned to the
gitate board, and as it was after the correction of
all clerical errors:
Total vote for sitting member, as returned to the State board,
before amended certificates 7,204
To which add errors in l3oyle and Adair counties.... 5
Total vote of sitting member after correction by
amended certificate 7,209
Add clerical ertors.as follows ;
Vote of Frank Harrison  1
George Vaught       ■ 1
Peter Phips  1
A.J. York  1
W. R. Bowman  1
Horacc Withers, lecuidcd for Ohmman, but
voted for Anderson, making a change of... 2
James Hmt, same way  2
Total vote for Anderson, after corrections -7,218
Total vote for mc before theamended certificates were ic-
  7,201
Add eiror in Cumberland county  1*1
Total vote for mc after reception of amended cer-
tificate 7,215
Add following corrections admitted by Mr. Ander-
son :
Virgil Moore, who voted for me, recorded for Ander-
son, making a change of  2
N. Pendcrgratt, same way  2
E. B. llice, same way  2
William Davis, whose vote was not extended  1
Error in addition of vote in first precinct, Adair
county: Anderson receiving one moie vote than
he ih entitled to  1
Error in addition of vote of second piecmct of Lin-
coln comity Andeison being repoited as hav ng
received 181, which .should he 18J; and myself as
receiving 108, when it should be 10U  2
7.225
Thus, it will be seen, giving me a majority,
after correcting all errors, of 7 votes, and electing
me clearly to the seat now held by him.
Now, Mr. Speakei, L eoim: to examine the re-
port of the committee, and I wish attention to it
from every gentleman on this side of the House
as well i\s upon that; and I think 1 can satisfy the
House that the Committee of Elections has not
given this case that careful examination which
they should have given it. I insist—and I shall
attempt to show it—that they have not examined
this case as thoroughlyas they should have done;
that in their report they have done rue great in-
justice. I call the attention of tin; House to the
act of Congress of February 19, 1851. Section
two provides that the member upon whom notice
of contest is served shall within thirty days an-
swer such notice, admitting or denying the facts
alleged, " and stating specifically any other
grounds upon which lie rests the validity of his
election," and shall serve a copy of his answer
upon the contestant. And by section nine it is
enacted " that the testimony taken by the parties
to the contest, or either of them, shall be confined i
to the proof or disproof of the facts alleged or
denied in the notice and answer mentioned m the
fiiStand second section of this act."
I contend, Mr. Speaker, that under this act the
sitting member way precluded from going outside
of the specification contained m this notice, and
impeaching votes which he did not assail in his
response to my notice of contest. \et, in con-
tempt of the piopneties of this law, the majority
of the committee has stricken four votes from my
Eoil with reference to which he took testimony,
ut which he did not chat go to be illegal m the j
response alluded to. j
By the nineteenth section of the act of 1851, |
the party at whose instance such subpena shall be j
issui (1 shall, at least ten days before the day ap-
pointed for the examination of witnesses, give
notice, in writing, to the opposite party, of his
intention of examining witnesses; which notice
shall contain a statement of the time and place of
the ptopofced examination, the name of the officer
who shall conduct the same, and the names of the
witnesses to be examined, and their places of rt?§-
iuence.
In the teeth of this law, the majority of the
committee struck six voters from my poll upon
the testimony of witnesses of whose examination
1 had no notice, and to which I excepted at the
time, as is shown by the proof. The attention
of the committee was called by me to this fact.
Mr. Speaker, I invite your attention to the case
E. Jones, whose vote 1 challenged on account
of his being an idiot, for that reason incapable of
voting. I want to show the House that I sus-
tained that challenge, and yet the Committee of
Elections have not given me the benefit of it:
" Milton J. Durham states that he knows voter, who re-
sides in precinct No. X of Boyle county. lie knows of no
other Edward Jones in said county. Some yeais ago voter
was pronounccd an idiot by a jury in the Boyle circuit
court, and again in J.855 or 18o6. Witness wrote' the report
of his committee at the las>t August term of eouit, winch
was since the election. His vote is lccorded for Anderson.
Witness consideis him an idiot.
" M. T. (Jhrismau states that he is clerk of Boyle circuit
court and keeper oftbe lecord-- of said court. Knows offi-
cially that voter lias been legularly found to be an idiot for
the last eight vears; has been supported out of the public
trea*>u y, and is legularl) reported as an idiot by the auditor
of Kentucky. He voted for Anderson for Congress, oi his
name is so recorded."
Now,-1 have established beyond all controversy
that this man was an idiot, supported out of the
public treasury of Kentucky as such; that he was
pronounced an idiot a long time prior to the Au-
gust election; and yet the committee have failed
to sustain that challenge, but have allowed his
vote to the silting member.
I desire to call the attention of the House to the
case of Henry White. lie is challenged by the
honorable gentleman as voting for mc in the third
voting precinct in the county of Boyle. His vote
is challenged for want of residence in that district.
I have examined the poll-books, and I challenge
the honorable member from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stratton,] who has this case m charge, when he
conies to answer my remarks, to show where
Hemy White ever voted for me in Boyle county.
I say his name is not to be found on the poll-
books, and I lni\e examined them carefully; and
yet the committee have given the sitting member
the benefit of that challenge.
I wil! call the attention of the House to another
vote which, from the profession of the voter, a
negro trader, 1 should have supposed the Repub-
licans on ihe committee would have been careful
to have critically dissected. It is the vote of
James Elder,'cast for the sitting member, and
challenged by me on the ground of non-residence:
<f A. W. Walker, R. II. Givcris, John Shanks, and John
Ca>h, totily that voter has been icMdmg m Misids.-ippi foi
the lust five or my year-, and returned a few days before
the election; ho voted lor Andeison m the Tutnersville
pi comet; at the time of voting, he stated that he had voted
in Mi5.Mbf.ippi la-t lall, and at all pievious election1-; lie is
uimmtried, and a neirro Under; he --aid he f-t.ud m Aber-
deen, win-re he had administered upon an estate, had pur-
chased land^. and was running a steamboat; when lie did
come to Kentucky j it was to pm chase negroes ; he was not
sworn ; after the election he went South : witness (Walket)
was cletk at the Tuinei vllle precinct,and Given* was one
of the judges.
<kJ. II. Owsley states that, by an order of the Lincoln
cucuu eomt.he was appointed attorney to correspond with
and defend voter as a nou-rc^ident defendant in the suit ot
Hooker's c.vcutoi.s against him. Witness addressed him
at Ins po-,t oflice, in Mississippi, m lelation to the suit,and
when he returned to Kentucky he paid him for it."
Thus I have proved that this man had voted in
Mississippi the fail before the election, which
alone, under the law of Kentucky, disqualifies
him from voting; there, lie came into Kentucky
a few days before the election for the purpose of
purchasing negroes, and voted for tin; sitting
member. I challenged him for want of qualifica-
tion: and the committee decided that he was a
qualified voter, and have refused to strike his
name fiom the poll of the sitting member.
Before 1 enter further upon this branch of the
case, 1 will read the eighth section of our consti-
tution, and the law, that you may know what are
the qualifications of voters in Kentucky.
From the constitution of Kentucky:
" Sec. 8. Every free white male fin/.cn, of the ope of
twcntv-orie yeai--, who lui«* lcsided in tin* State two yeai*,
or in the countv, town, or city, in which he otic is to vote,
one yeat next piecediiig the election, «diall be a votei ; hut
such* voter shall have Lc-cn, for sixty ditj" next preceding
the election, a resident of the precinct m which he ofteis
to vote, and he shall vote in said precinct, and not else-
wheie."
Fro.m the revised statutes of Kentucky:
<S Sec. 7. If a person oifenng to vote is not personally
known to one of the judges or the sheriff as n qualified
voter, he shall he intcnogated, under oath admniisteied by
one of the judges or the. clerk, as to his qwalitkiukm.. lf^
from his bt&temeut so made, he appears to be quaHhed, he
shall be admitted to vote, unless his right te disputed by one
of the judges or theshen ff, oi by some other person present.
If so disputed, the judges shall hear witnesses, not exceed-
ing two in number on each side, as to his qualifications,
and decide as may appear right from the proof and the
statements of the party. The word' sworn' shaH be written
opposite the name of eveiy one so voting.
" Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt a
foreigner from producing his certificate of naturalization)
unless his qualification is known to one of the judges or
the sheriff*.
" Sisc. 8. The following rules ebaU be observed in determ-
ining the residence of a person offering to vote:
"1. That shall be deemed his residence where his habit-
ation is, and to which, when absent, he has the intention
of returning.
"2. lie shall not lose his residence by absence for tem-
porary pu«posts merely; norshall he obtain a residenceby
being in a county or precinct for such temporary purposes^
without the intention of making the county or precinct his
home.
" 3. By removal to another State or county, with the in-
tention to make his permanent residence there, he loses
his lormer icsidencc.
"4. So, also, he loses his residence here by removal to
and residence in another State, with intention to reside
there an indefinite time, or by voting there, even though he
may have had the intention to return here at some luture
period.
"5. The place where the family of a married man resides
shall, geneially, be considered his*residence, unless the fam-
ily so resides for a temporary purpose. If his family is per-
manently in one place, and he transacts his business in
another, tlie former shall be his residence."
Now, I desire to invite theattentionofthe House
to the vote of H. L. Carpenter, of the county of
Lincoln, challenged by me on the ground of non-
residence. Here is the testimony upon which I
insist that I have sustained this challenge:
" G. H. McKenney states he is clerk of Lincoln circuit
court, and was such at Match and September terms, 1859,
at both ot which votei (Caipentcr) attended as a witness,
and claimed mileage for loity miles. If he resides in llar-
rodsburq, his claim tor mileage is correct; if near Iluston-
villc, in thi* county, it is incorrect; as it is twenty miles
to the louner, and onl> ten to the latter place.
£l R. Oaison states he n eleik of Lincoln county court,
and keeper of the cotmmssioneis' books of said county for
18o9. The name of Logan Carpenter does not appear upon
^-aicl hooks.
**11. Ij.'Caipenter states he voted for Anderson in the
Ilustonviile district. His family reside sometimes in Lin-
coln county and sometimes in Mercer. lie purchased a
house and other piopeity in Mcrccr, with a view to edu-
cating bis children ; he moved to i-aid property m March,
18o8, and voted in Mereci at the last May election."
The committcc refuse to recognize my challenge,
and give the sitting member the benefit of this
clearly illegal vote.
Again: 1 will take the case of A. J. Reynolds,
challenged by me as a non-resident. Here is the
testimony:
" llugh Caldwell states that voter told him ho voted for
Anderson in ihe Wavnesburg precinct. He had been re-
siding at the house of witness for a month or two before
the election, until about ten days before the election, when
ho icrnovcd to Eddy Camett's, in Casey county, where he
is living now. lie is a mechanic by trade, and dependent
on his labor for support; he is not a housekeeper; when
he left my house, he said he was going to Barnett's to live,
and took with him ail he had."
Again: take the case of Thomas Lumpkin. The
guardian of the young mail voting, introduced as
a witness by the gentleman himself, states that
he has seen the family Bible, and the. voter is not
twenty-one years old; and yet the committee re-
fuse to give me the benefit of this challenge, and
allow the sitting member the benefit of a vote cast
by a hoy who lias a guardian. There is no other
testimony in reference to this case. I defy the
committee to show me any other than that which
1 have read.
I have 50 votes of the character I have men-
tioned here; and 1 ask any member of this House,
1 ask any member upon the Republican side of
the House, to take the names given in my mem-
oranda, lead the testimony to which I refer them,
and say if my challenges are not supported .in
every instance. Of course, in the brief time al-
lowed me, it is impossible, in these remarks, for
me to go into an examination of the testimony in
relation to cach of these fifty voters; but I ask,
as a matter of justice to myself, that the House
will refer to my memoianda and to the testimo-
ny, and see whether my allegations are not sus-
tained by legitimate and competent proof in every
instance.
Again: I call the attention of the House to the
case of William Walkup, of Adair county, a
voter who voted for me. The committee have
found evidence on which they have determined to
strike his vote from pay poll. I y-ead
testimony in reference to this, yote:
"P, '.Taylor states l(e lias ajways understood that
