1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
master refusing to furnish such copy shall forfeit and pay
$100, which penalty shall be a lien upon the vessel.
Sec. 26. Jliid be it Jurther cnactcd, That every captain,
engineer, pilot, oi other persons employed on board ot any
steamboat or vessel propelled in whole or in part by steam,
by whose misconduct, negligence, or inattention to his or
their respective duties, the life or lives of any person or
persons may be destroyed, shall be deemed guilty of man-
slaughter, and, upon conviction thereof belore any circuit
court of the United States, shall be sentenced to confine-
ment at hard labor for a period of not less than three months
and not more than ten years.
Sec. 27. Jliid be xt further enacted, That the board of su-
pervising in&pectoib shall keep a record of all their official
acts, orders, and regulations, and shall transmit to the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury a certified copy of all proceedings at
their annual and special meetings, and make to him their
annual report on or before the 15th day of November in
each year, and report to him ail such other facts, inform-
ation, or opinions, as may be deemed useful for the faith-
ful adminisuation of the law.
Sec. 28. Jindbext further enacted, That so much of the
act of July 7,18U8,as relates to the appointment of steam-
boat inspectors is hereby repealed, except so far as relates
to tug-boats, tow-boats and fieight-boata j and all laws or
parts of laws heretofore made, which are suspended by or
inconsistent with the provisions of this act, are hereby
repealed.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That all such partsof
this act as authorize the appointment of inspectors, shall
take effect upon the passage thereof; and all other parts of
this act shall take effect on the Pacific coast six months
after the passage thereof, and in all other portions of the
United States lour months after the passage thereof.
I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Louisiana, to Qffer his substitute.
Mr. TAYLOR. [ submit the following as a
substitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois:
That no insurance upon any vessel propelled wholly or in
part by steam, and carrying passengers out of any poit of
the United States to any port of a lorcign nation, or be-
tween two or more of the several States, oi between a State
and Terntoiy of the United States, or in the Territories of
the United States, or upon the freight to be earned by said
vessel, shall be effected by any owner of such vessel, oi by
any pci son lor the benefit or advantage of any owner of the
same, until all the provisions of law in relation to the build,
machinery, and equipments oi vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, and cauymg passengers, and intended
to guard against lo.<s or danger irom fne or the explosive
foree of steam, to pi event accidents tending to the injury
or loss of passengers, and to aid their escape upon the oc-
currence of accidents, have been fully complied with; and
that if any insurance shall at any time be effected ui viola-
tion of this prohibition upon any -mcli vessel so carrying
passengers, and such vessel be lost or suffer injury upon
the voyage fiom any cause whatever, that I hen and in that
case, if the said provisions of law had not in point of fact
been complied with, and the said vessel was notin the con-
dition prescribed by law as to build, machinery and equip-
ments, at the time of leaving poit when the voyage began,
the said contract of in«inance shall be, and the same is
hereby, declaied absolutely null and void, and no right of
action of any kind whatsoever shall be had theieon.
Sec. Q. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no person who
was, after the passage of this act, as engineer, in charge of
an engine on any vessel piopelled m whole or in pait by
steam, and cat lying pas>Mjn ci& a* a(ore>aid, at the time
when an explosion of the boiler or boilers on the said ves-
sel took place which caused loss of lite to any of the pas-
sengers; that no person wiio wa«<, alter the passage of this
act, as pilot, in charge of any vessel piopelled m whole or
in part by steam, and cariying passengers a  ak.ie^aid, at
the time when a collision between the said vc-.se! and any
other vessel took place which caused loss of hie to any ot
the passengers on said vessel, or which caused loss of life
to any person on the ves.se! come in collision with; and that
no person who, as master or captain, was, after tin; passage
of this act, m charge of a vesael propelled in whole or in
part by steam, and cariying passengers! as aforesaid, at a
time when a fire broke out on the said vessel winch con-
sumed the same wholly or m part, and caused the los- of
lile to any of the passengers on said vessel, shall be cm-
ployed in any capacity whatever on any vessel piopelled in
whole or in part by steam, and carrying passengers as afoie-
said, by the owne. or ovvneis ol the same, or by their agent
or agents, until the said person or persons shall have been
tried, according to law, upon acharge ol manslaughter, and
shall have been found not guilty, and, in addition theieto,
been declared, by a special verdict of the jury, to have been
entirely free of all censure for misconduct, negligence, or
inattention in l elation to any matter or thing leading to said
loss of life : Provided always, That the said prohibition shall
not attach to any person in any ease in which a grand jury
may investigate the facts connected with any loss of hie as
aforesaid, and shall refuse to find any bill of indictment
against such person, and declare, by a wiiuen repoit accom-
panying their finding, that the said person was free of any
misconduct, negligence, or inattention in the premises.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be xt further enacted, That if any person
shall be knowingly employed on board of any vessel pro
pelled m whole or m part by steam, and carrying passen-
gers as aforesaid, by the owner or owners of the same, or
by their agent or agents, to discharge the duties of engi-
neer, pilot, or master, or captain, and the said vessel should
be lost or suffer injury while any one was actually em-
ployed thereon in violation ot said prohibition as aforesaid,
then and in that ca^e any policy of insurance on the said
vessel taken out bv or for the benefit and advantage of the
owners of the said vessel shall be, and the same is hereby,
declared absolutely null and void, and no right of action of
any kind whatsoever shall be had thereon.
Sec.-1. Jnd be itfurther enacted, That the master or the
owner or owners of any vessel piopelled in whole or m
part by'steam, and cariying passengers as aforesaid, shall,
prior to the departure of such vessel on any voyage from
any port of the United States where there is a collector or
any officer performing the dimes of a collector, make and
deposit in the office of the said collector or other officer
performing-the functions of collector at said port a state-
ment in writing, and under oath, of the names of the per-
sons employed on the said vessel as engineers, pilots, mas-
ters, or captains, and mates, for the &aid voyage; and that
for every faiiuie to make and deposit such statement in
writing and under oath as aforesaid, the master or the
owner or owners of the said vessel shall be liable to pay a
penalty of $500, to be recovered in any court of-competent
jurisdiction from the said master, or, if the payment of the
same cannot be enforced against him, then to be recovered
in like manner from the owner or owners of said vessel.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That whenever any
accident shall happen to any vessel propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and carrying passengers as aforesaid, by
winch theie is loss of life to any passenger on board of the
same, oi to any person on board of any othervessei, it shall
be the duty of the master of the said vessel to report the
same at the first port at which the haul master of the said
vessel shall land or arrive after the said accident, within
twenty-four hours after his said landing or arrival; and the
said report shall be made to the collector of the customs,
or other officer performing the functions of collector, if the
same be a port of the United States or its Tenirories, or to
the consul or vice-consul of the United States, if it be a
foreign poit. And the said report shall be made in writing
and under oath, and shall contain a statement of the name
of the vessel; the port fiom which she cleaied or took her
departure, and the port she was hound to; thenamesofthe
officers of said vessel, and, as near as may be, the number
and names of the passengers on boaid of the same; the
nature and cause ot the accident; the place and time when
the said accident occurred; the number of passengers lost
or injured, and their names, as far as may be, and the extent
of the injuiy done to the vessel. And any master who shall
willfully tail or neglect to make a lepoit and statement as
aforesaid, shall be liable to a fine of not more than $500, and
to be imprisoned notlnore than three months, at the discre-
tion of the couit. ^
Sec. C. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That if an accident
should occur to any vessel as aforesaid, and no report of
the same should be made, as icqutred by the preceding
section, to the collector or consul of the poit at which the
passengers and ciew fir'-it land and arrive, as aforesaid,
either because of the loss, physical (Usability, or willtul
default ot the master of the same, then it shall be the duty
of the collector or consul of or at the port alorcsaid to as-
certain the facts connected with the said accident fiom the
survivois, all or a part of whom shall be called betoie the
said collector or consul and examined on oath; and the said
collector or consul shall, from the facts ascertained by
them, make out a statement ui relation to the same, as
neaily as may be, in eontornnty with the one piovided for
in the piccedlng section.
Si:c. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said collectors
and consuls shall file all original statements made to them
in relation to accidents as aforesaid by the master of any
vessel as afoies.iid, as prescribed in the fifth section ; and
all statements prepaied by themselves, as prescribed in the
sixth section, in their respective offices, where they shall
leinain of reeoid.
Snc. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said consuls
shall, immediately after filing any statemeut as aforesaid,
make out two copies of the same, one of which shall be
transmitted at once to the Secretuiy of the Treasury, and
the oilier shall be transmitted to the collector of the port
fiom winch the said vessel, the subject of said accident,
was cleared ; that the said collector, or other officers per-
founing the function* of collectors, nt the ports of the
United States or in the Teiritories of the United States,
shall, immediately after filing any statement as aforesaid,
make out two copies of the same, one of which shall be at
once placed in the hands of the distnct attorney of the
United States loi the district, and tin' othei shall be foitlt-
with tianimated to the Secretaiy oi the Tieasury ; and that
the said collectors thall, in the like mannei, make one copy
of any statement sent to them by any consul ot the United
States, and place the same at once m the hands of the dis-
trict attornev of the United States torlhe distnct.
Sec. 9 And he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury -hall lile the said statements transmitted to
him by the &aid collectors and consuls, as afore.-aid, in his
office, and that he shall, tiom time to time, as they arc re-
ceived,cause the same to be punted, and printed copies of
the same to be sent oi tiansmitted to all the collectors or
nthei ulhcer> performing the functions <jf collectors, one of
which shall lvmam in then respective offices for leferenee
to b\ the owneis or masters of vessels, consignees, insur-
ance companies, or undei wnteis. and others having an m-
teiest in the matters set foith m the same.
Stc. JO. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the eollcctoi, or other peison performing the func-
tion* of collector, at any poit of the United States, or m i
the Ten (tones of the (Tinted State*, in which a statement j
was filed a* provided for in the fection, prior to the
departuie of the vessel subject to the accident described m
any statement transmitted to him by the Secretary of the
Treasuiv, on thevojage during winch the said accident
occun ed, to coinpaie the name* ot the officers ot said ves-
sel, as set foith in the two statements; and m tne event
of any di^eiepaucy between the two statement*, to give
inclination of the same, and wherein it consists, to the
Secretary of the Treasury forthwith, who will, if m his
judgment it nmv be necessary, give public notice of the
same by a circular lettei to all whom it may concern.
Sec. 11. *ind he xt further enacted, That every ease aris-
ing undet the provision^ of the second section ot this act,
where there has been a pi o-'ecution accoiding to law, which
has been terminated by a special verdict of a jury, or a re-
poit of a grand jurv, declaring the person proceeded against
to have been entirely free oi all censure for misconduct,
negligence, or inattention, as <et foith in said section.snail j
be immediately communicated to the Secretary ot the j
Treasury by the clerk of the eouitm which the said pro- j
ceedmg'was had, by tiansmitung to him a copy of the in-
dictment therein and of the verdict .of thejury on the same ;
or, when the grand jury refused to.- find an indictment, by
transmitting a copy of the charge preferred ami of the report
of the grand jury thereupon. And it Is hereby made the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the same to
be printed, and to send copies thereof to all the collectors
of the United States, or other officers performing the du-
ties of collectors, who are hereby directed and required to
file the same and keep them of record in their respective
offices for the inspection of all having an interest in the
same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. BARR. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
to allow me to offer my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield. I insist on my demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The question being first on the substitute offered
by Mr. Taylor,
Mr. TAYLOR called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
substitute offered by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read the third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered toT)c put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in -
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Allen, Alley,
Avery, Babbitt, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Brayton, Bufiinton,
Burch, Burnett, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Colfax,
Conkhng, Covodc, Cox, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, John G.
Davis, Duell, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Fcriy, Florence, frank, Grow. J. Morrison Harris, Ilel-
tniek, Hickman, Hill, Ilolman, William A. Howard, Ilutcli-
ins,Junkni, Keitt, Lanabec, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lo-
gan, Longnccker, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy, Mallory, Mars-
ton, Charles 1). Martin, McKnight, Mcl'hcrson, McQueen,
Millson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Isaac N. Moiris, Pendleton, Perry, PetM, Porter,
Pugh, Quarles, Rice, Christopher Robinson, James C. Rob-
inson, Royec, Schwaitz, Scott, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Sickle*, Stevenson, Stout, Tappan, Wade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Webster,
Windom, and Woodruff—88.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ashmore, Barr, Barrett, Bingham, Bo-
cock, Biabson, Briggs, Bristow, Carter, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
JDe Jarnctte, Etheridge, Foster, Garticll, Gilmer, Graham,
Ilaideman, John T. Hams. Hawkins, Board, Houston,
Hughe-;, Irvine, Jackson, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon,
Lamar, James M. Leach> Maclay, Msynard, McRae, Syd-
enham Moore, Mor.-e, Nelson.Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Pottle, Pryor, Riggs, RulTm, Ru&t, Scronton,
William Smith, William "N. H Smith, Spmner, Stalhvorth,
Stanton, Stokes, Taylor, Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins,
Tjam, Tumble, Underwood, Vance, Van Wyck, Weils,
Wniflow, and Wright—72.
So the bill was passed.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BARR, when his name was called, said:
I wish to say a word in reference to the vote 1
shall give upon this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. BARR. I know debate is not m ordei>,
but I ask the permission of the House to make
one or two remarks, I have been cut off very un-
fairly, as I think, from offering my amendment.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hale, had paired off with Mr. Landrum.
Also that his colleague, Mr. Stevens, had paired
with Mr. Jones.
Mr. WOODSON stated that he had paired with
Mr. Farnsworth.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the voce by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
