1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 22, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. Hamilton.
The J ournal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated that the question recurred
upon the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Hickman,] to amend the Journal of
Friday, the Mi instant; and that on that question
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH took the floor.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Will thegen-
tleman from Illinois yield to me one moment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will, for explana-
tion.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I am under
obligation to my distinguished friend for the floor,
and I promise net to detain the House but a few
moments. I would not now trespass upon the
time of the House cxcept for the fact that my
worthy colleague from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
yesterdaypropoundedsome questions to me which
I desire to answer. I have been a silent spectator
of what has been going on in this House; first,
because I did not desire, as a young member, to
intrude my opinions upon the House; and sec-
ondly, because I thought it the first duty of the
House to organize. *
Mr. Clerk, I am just informed by a gentleman
near me, that my colleague [Mr. Burnett] is not
present; a fact laid not before know, and of course
I will not proceed in his absence. I resign the
floor to the gentleman from Illinois, to whom I
am indebted for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH resumed the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will give
way to a motion that the House proceed to a
ballot.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will cheerfully give
way, if it is the disposition of the House to vote
for Speaker, but not for any other purpose.
Mr. CURTIS. I then move that there be a
call of the House, with a view to proceed subse-
quently to a vote for Speaker.
Mr. RUFFIN. Let gentlemen upon that side
of the House speak, for wc have not heard from
them for soma,time.
Mr. CURTIS. I think it is my duty to insist
upon the motion. It appears to me that this is
the last day before the holidays in which wc can
conclude this question of organization; and al-
though I should like very much to hear the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois, yet it seems to
mo that we should devote the whole day to an
effort to organize this House. The whole coun-
try is looking and hoping that wc will organize
this very day. I was told myself, in a private
conversation with the President this morning,
that there was due to contractors $4,000,000, and
it is very neccssary that an appropriation should
be passed for the payment to them of that sum.
A good many of these contractors are here now,
and I understand they are imploring members to
make a proper appropriation for their benefit.
A call of the House was ordered.
The roll was accordingly called; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ashley Brown, Clark B. Cochrane,
Dimmick, Ferry, Florence,Hawkins, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, Lamar, Landrusi,
Edward Joy Morris, Sickles, Stallworth,
and Van Wyck.
During the call of the roll—
Mr. CLEMENS stated that his pair with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] would not
expire until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WOODRUFF stated that Mr. Ferry had
paired off with Mr. Landrum.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that Mr. Van Wyck had
been called home, and that he had paired off with
him for the day.
Mr. WINSLOW. A large number of members
are absent, and in order to give them time to get
here, I move, pro forma, that the House adjourn,
and upon that motion call the yeas and nays. If
any gentleman desires to address the House I will
yield to him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest that the
gentleman from Illinois proceed with his remarks.
That is the best way.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
to allow me a few momentsifor the purpose of
correcting a speech. I yielded the floor yesterday
when my speech was half through', and I rise to
offer an apology to the country and to this. House
for a speech half made. I believed at that time
that wc hac^rrived at a point when we might
probably effect an organization of this House,
and I was willing to yield to the pressure around
me to desist from further discussion; but another
gentleman took the floor and followed me with an
argument for an hour or an hour and a half. My
speech was not concluded, but inasmuch as Iliad
exhausted nearly all the oil I had in my cruse
with which to pour conciliation andharmony upon
gentlemen here, I yielded, and I believe to-day
that the remaining pittance that remains m that
cruse, and which I kept back then, should be
kept for another occasion, and the speech shall
now be closed.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from Illinois allow mo a moment for
explanation ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. As I said
before, I do not intend to detain the House long,
and I do not intend to make a speech upon any
of the great questions of the day. I rose for the
purpose of responding to some interrogatories
propounded by my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett] yesterday. I remarked to the House
yesterday that I desired to be a silent member of
this body, and I have not, smCo the commence-
ment of this session of Congress, opened' my
mouth upon the subject of politics except when
my name has been called to vote. Olio reason, as
I said yesterday, was that I held a contested scat;
another reason was, that I desired an organiza-
tion of this House at the earliest practicable mo-
ment. I thought it a duty resting upon all of us
to organize the House in the first place, and then
that gentlemen could, if they desired, discuss the
question of slavery or any other question they
may please. And I say now, that I regret that
there has been discussion upon this floor of the
question of slavery. So far as my own views arc
concerned, I am opposed to the agitation of this
question. I am in favor of the enforcement of all
laws upon the subject, and I want the question to
rest.
I say that, prior to the organization of this
House, it seems to mc to be improper—juid I do
not intend to impugn the motives of any gentle-
man—to discuss the question. I desire an organ-
ization now, and would not trespass upon the
patience of the House except for the fact that the
question has been propounded to me, why I did
not take the opportunity to vote for the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] for Speaker of this
House. With all respect to my worthycollcaguc,
I will respond that I have not voted for a Demo-
crat since I came into this House, and I never ex-
pect to vote for a Democrat except upon the issue
1 stated yesterday, and that issue T hope will never
come. I do not desire a united South, as my col-
league [Mr. Burnett] said yesterday, and 1 do
not desire a united North. If wc of the South
should go for a united South, what would be the
result? Wc are at present overwhelmed in num-
bers. The North has the majority now; and after
the census of 1860, where will ws stand ? Why,
if we look at the matter in the light of dollars and
cents, as a mere question of southern interest,
where arc we ? As I said, we arc now over-
whelmed with numbers, and what will result after
the census of I860? I leave-that to my worthy
colleague to figure out.
Well, I say, I stand on this floor as a Whig. I
have been a Whig; I am a Whig; and I always
expect to be a Whig in principle. My colleague
asked mo yesterday why I did not vote for the
gentleman, from Virginia [Mr. Millson] for
Speaker. 1 gave him one reason why I did not
do so—that was because he voted against the
Kansas-Nebraska bill.
In speaking of this matter, I wanted to show
two things. FirstI wantedtoshowmycolleague's
own inconsistency, because in 1854 the support
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill was made a test of
Democracy in this House; and when Mr. Mill-
son was proposed for Speaker in 1855, my friend
[Mr. Burmitt] and every other Dcraocrat on this
floor, voted against him. So far.as I am person-
ally concerned, when I -was on the Fillmore elee-
toral ticket in 1856,1 did say thatif l had beeiiia
Congress I would have voted for the repe&lof tfae
Missouri compromise line.
Now, I did vote, certainly foe Mr. Etheridge,
who, like Mr. Millson', voted against the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. I do not say no w whether both
were right or both were wrong". Atallevents, it is
abalance of the books. I voted for Mr. EtjibrS-
idg-e in preference to Mr, Millson, because eki
every other question I agree with Mr. Ethjihidge
to the fullest extent, so far as, I hare 6vet Heard
him express his opinions. I am a Whiff. I do
not regard the nigger question as' the only ques-
tion before the country. I have -been brought
up in the South; I residie in the South, and ! am,
perhaps, as much interested in the South as any
man on this floor. I have a personal interest in
the institution of slavery; for I am a slaveholder
myself, and do not think that I am anything the
worse for that. But the nigger question is notthe
onlyquestisn before the country; and'I should be
very sorry to gee this country divided on the ques-
tion of niggers or no niggers. I am a Whig. I
am for a tariff. I am for the protection of Amer-
ican labor. Is the gentleman from Vlrginia [Mr:
Millson] in favor of it? I do not know whether
he is or not; but if I understand properly his po-
sition, he is for free trade'. That is another rea-
son why 1 am opposed to him. My friend -on my
right [Mr. Etiieridge] agrees with me on.the sub*
ject of the tariff; he is for the Union of the States:
he is a Whig; he is an American in principle. So
am I. Then, if Mr. Etheridge and Mr. Mill-
son are equal on the subject of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, these are reasons why I should cast
my vote for Mr. Etheridge in preference to Mr.
Millson.
Enough on that subject. I do not know why
my colleague catechised pic. I do not know
whether he did so on liis own responsibility, as
the organ of the Democratic party, or as the or-
gan of an outside pressure from the gentleman
who is contesting my seat on this floor. I do not
know, nor do 1 care.
Mr. BURNETT. If my colleague will permit
me, I will tell him why I spoke.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Very well,
sir.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague has a paper
in his district called the Danville Tribune. In
that Danville Tribune is a letter written by my
colleague, in which he attempts to fasten the re-
sponsibility of a failure to organize the House on
the national and conservative men of the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Thatis true.
Mr. BURNETT. Well; that is the reason
why I spoke.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Well; With
all due respcct to my colleague I will say, that I
did write that letter, and that in' that letter I did
fix the responsibility of non-organization" on the
Democratic party; and I say so yet, and cxpect
to show it. Now, here are one hundred and four-
teen Republicans, eiglity-eight Democrats, and
twenty-three of that little Spartan band of glorious
men who are bound in opposition to the Admin-
istration. I am one of those twenty-three. We
cannot elect with the combined vote of the Democ-
racy . We can elect with the combined vote of
the Republicans; but we have not seen proper to
vote for a Republican. Where then does the re-
sponsibility rest? If every one of us had voted
yesterday for Mr. Millson, he would still have
been defeated. We have presented a gentleman
from the Harper's Ferry distiict, where old John •
Brown made his foray. If you were for a united
South we have presented to you o^truc a mart as
there is in the South. Why did you not vote for
him? I understand that even the gentleman who
is now the Democratic candidate for Speaker
[Mr. Millson] did not vote for him, although
he is his colleague.
Well, we have also presented the gejitleriian
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] He. is a
slaveholder—the owner of eighty-six slaves—a
man as much interested in slave property as my
colleague, or any man on this floor. He deceived
thirty-six votes; and, if he had got the Demo-
cratic vote, he could have been elected Speaker
of the House. What Democrat voted for him ?
