2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr- LOGAN. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 call up the Nebraska
contested-election case.
Mr. LOGAN. I trust there will be no objec-
tion to the explanation I wish to make. It will
occupy but a minute. On reading the proceed-
ings of yesterday, as published in'the Globe this
morning, I find that in the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending .Tune 30, 1861, the account
rendered by the Postmaster of the House of sta-
tionery furnished to committees was read, in
which it appears that stationery to the amount of
$25 56 was charged to the Committee on Revisal
andXJnfinished Business. During the considera-
tion of the bill, I find the following remarks 
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to know whether
tliu Chair has not several times decided that the
explanation of newspaper statements was not a
privileged question ? •
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided over
and over again during the present session, that the
correction of what appears in a newspaper is not
a privileged question. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, however, obtained the permission of the
House to makeapersonal explanation, andhaving
obtained that permission, cannot be interrupted.
Mr. LOGAiNr. If the gentleman had not in-
terrupted me, I should have been through in a
great deal loss time than it has taken to decide the
question of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair—lam notgoing to object to the gen-
tleman 's going on. I wish to know whether, when
a gentleman rises to what he states to be a priv-
ileged question, and proceeds until he discloses
tile fact that his purpose is merely to correct some-
thing in a newspaper, it is then too late to make
a question of order?
Mr. LOGAN. I am not rising to correct any-
thing m a newspaper. [ am rising to correct what
was saijJ m this House, and has gone before the
country in thf* official report.
Mr, CONKLING. t understand the gentle-
man's purpose, and I do not object to his making
his explanation, butl wish the point to be settled.
The JSPKAICISU. The Chau-would not say it
was too late to raise the question of order; ho only
decides that the gentleman having obtained the
permission of the llouso to make a personal
explanation, he cannot he interii'ivd with.
Mr. LOfJAN. 1 find one of (he members of
the committee, after the ciuuge of §i25 20 against
the committee was read, to have used the follow-
ing language:
'•Mr. Fostkk. The Committee on KevNal and Unfin-
ished Business W tin: only Democratic eomimtieu ni the
Houvc. \ hnvc the honor to be u member ot that commit-
lew, ;uul I have never been invited to a meeting, and have
ttevei u->ed u sheet of p.iper belonging 10 it."
I have been appointed chairman of the Com-
mittee on Revisal and Unfinished Business, which
never has met, and which, C presume, never will
meet; and I propose, very brieily, to disclose to
the House tile facts in reference to the stntionery
that it is charged has been furnished to that com-
mittor. There never has been any stationery
furnished to that committee. There never has
been any meeting of that committee. The charge
made against the committee, however, by the Post-
master of tiie House, has not been made with any
intention whatever of defrauding the country, or of
easting unjust and improper reflection on the com-
mittee. There has been an error committed, which
has been corrected, and which occurred in this
way: after I was appointed chairman of the Com-
mittee on Revisal and Unfinished Business—a com-
mittee that has never done anything, and which,
it is assumed, never will—at the request of the
gentleman from California, who had the interests
of the Pacific railroad in care, 1 went to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, or one of the doorkeepers, and
asked him to furnish the committee a room. The
gentlemen wanted to use the room that I could ob-
tain for the purpose of exhibiting map3 and plats
and papers concerning the Pacific railroad. I
secured a room near the Senate, which could not
be used as a committee-room. It was not suit-
able for the accommodation of any committee of
this House. I gave it up to those gentlemen. I
have been in that room but once or twice once
when I handed the key to the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Scoi*r,] and this morning, when I
went to investigate this charge about stationery
furnished to the committee. Those gentlemen
took possession of that room, and have remained
in possession of it ever since. The committee has
never met there. The stationery that was fur-
nished was for the use of the gentlemen from Cal-
ifornia—Messrs. Burch and Scott—and it was
intended that it should be charged to them, and
not to the committee. It being understood in the
Postmaster's office that the stationery was fur-
nished to that room, it was charged to the commit-
tee. The gentleman from California [Mr. Burch]
went with me this morning to the Postmaster of
the House, and it was explained how the error
occurred, and the stationery was charged to him.
I make this statement to satisfy the House.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
sorry that my colleague has felt it to be his duty
to make any statement about this small matter.
He is chairman of one of the committees of this
House, and was furnished with a room for that
committee. If he saw fit to order stationery for
some of the members who went there, anu for
their convenience, then I respect him for it.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to make a re-
mark on this subject.
Mr. CONKLIrfG. I rise to a question of or-
der. I make the point upon the gentleman from
North Carolina with as much reluctance as I
would make it upon any member in this House.
The explanation of the gentleman from Illinois
was ngt in order. I insist on the point of order
that this discussion is out of order. I consider
the whole subject utterly unworthy of the atten-
tion of this Plouse. It is with great reluctance
that I make the point of ordar upon the gentleman
from North Carolina, for I have great respect for
him.
Mr. BRANCH. I know that the discussion
is not in order, and I yield the floor.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 call up the Nebraska
contested-election case, and I ask that the resolu-
tions reported by the committee be read.
Mr. TAPPAN. I "submit a privileged motion.
I move that the House go into a Committee of
the Whole on the Private" Calendar.
Mr. CAMPBELL, My motion is of a higher
privilege.
Mr. IIICKMAN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the Nebraska contested-
election case foi the purpose of taking up the
resolution reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary in reference to the President's protest.
Mr. C A MP BELL. I have the floor.
Mr. TAPPAN. i have submitted the motion
to go into committee, and I insist that on this
day it takes piecedenee.
'The SPEAKER. When the question is called
up, whether the House will consuleracontested-
election ease, the Chair is bound to put it to the
House-.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, on his own motion, cannot call up a
contested-election case as a question of privilege,
but he can ask that tin1 question shall be put to
the House whether it shall be taken up or not,
Mr. CAMPBELL. The uniform course pur-
sued in this House has been to call up these con-
tested-election eases as eases of privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to the case being now
taken up.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not object to the ques-
tion bcinrj submitted to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. My recollection is that these
case1? have been called up, and that the Chair has
submitted the question, whether they shall or
shall not be considered.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"5. When any motion or proposition is made, the ques-
tion, ' Will the House now consider it?' ^uvtinotbe put
unless it is demanded by some member, or is deemed ne-
cessary by the Speaker.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to considering this
question at this time.
The SPEAKER. Half a dozen members have
demanded that the question shall be considered.
Mr. HICKMAN. Has the motion I have sub-
mitted been entertained ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman's motion is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
will the House consider the Nebraska contested-
election case ?
Mr. TAPPAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House de-
cided to take up the Nebraska contested-election
case.
The resolutions reported by the committee were
read, as follows:
Resolved, That Experience Estabrook is not entitled to
the seat as Delegate trom the Territory of Nebraska to the
Thirty-Sixth Congress ot'the United States.
Resolved, That Samuel G. Daily is entitled to the seat as
Delegate iiom the Territory of Nebraska to the Thirty-
Sixth Congress of the United States.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I rise to make a motion
in this case which, if it prevails, will supersede
those resolutions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will have
the floor presently. I propose to occupy the at-
tention of the House but for a short space of
-time. I will premise my remarks by stating, that
if gentlemen will send to the document-rooin they
will find the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions, in this case, in House document No. 446.
That report is very full, and I think very con-
clusive upon the facts and law of the case. As
I do not propose to detain the House in the re-
marks which I shall submit, I Itope gentlemen
will refer to the report of the committee.
I will state here that there is no minority report
in this case. The vote of the committee, so far
as members voted, was unanimous in favor of the
right of the contestant to his seat upon this floor
as Delegate from the Territory of Nebraska; and
I will say that a more plain case, in my judg-
ment, and a more overwhelming one against a sit-
ting member, was never broughtbefore this body.
And it is not necessary that I should go fully into
an argument to prove that fact.
Tli.e election, out of which this contest has
arisen, took place on the 11th day of October,
1859, and the records on file in the office of the
secretary of the Territory show that Mr. Esta-
brook received 3,100 votes, and that Mr. Daily
received 2,800 votes. Aecoiding to those returns,
there was a majority in favor of the sitting mem-
ber of 300 votes. But an examination of the case
—and there was a very full and elaborate investi-
gation before the committee—disclosed the fact
that 292 votes were counted from the county of
Buffalo, as having been cast for the sitting Dele-
gate, Mr. Estabrook. It will l«e noted here by
the House that in that county Estabrook received
the entire vote, the contestant, Daily,.not having
received, according to the returns, a single vote in
the county of Buffalo.
In the iirst place, the committee rejected the
entire vote cast in Buffalo county, for three rea-
sons: first, the county of Buffalo was never organ-
ized, there never having been an election for the
necessary county officers of that county, in order
to perfect an organization, which the statute of
Nebraska required. It was totally without organ-
ization so far as compliance with all the laws of
the Territory made it necessary previous to an
organization. For the facts, I refer gentlemen to
the report. They are clearly set out there in con-
nection with the law.
In the next place, out of 292 votes said to have
j been polled in Buffalo county, 238 were cast in
Kearny City. It appears that Kearny City was
not in the county of Buffalo. It was upon the
south side of the Platte river, and the southern
boundary of Buffalo county is the Platte river.
So that the 238 votes cast outside of the county of
Buffalo could not be received upon any fair or
just ground whatever.
In addition to the reasons already assigned,
there was no population in the county of Buffalo,
from which this number of votes, or anything like
it, could be cast. The testimony discloses the
fact that there were not over eight houses, not
over fifteen residents, and not one acre of culti-
vated land, or afarm-house in the neighborhood of
Kearny City. It also shows that at Nebraska
Center, the place named as the county seat, there
was butone dwelling-house, one store-house,and
one warehouse.
Mr. ESTABROOK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not at this time. I re-
ferred to the evidence, which shows that Kearny
