1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
City was outside of the county of Buffalo. The
returns are from Kearny City, and there was ho
other Kearny; City in the Territory of Nebraska.
The evidence is full and complete upon that point.
For the reasons which I have stated, then—
first, that Buffalo county was not organized; in
the next place, that almost all the votes were cast
at Kearny City, which was without the county
of Buffalo; and in the third place, that there was
no population to justify the belief that anything
like such a vote as was returned from that county
could have been fairly polled—the entire vote was
rejected as illegal ana spurious.
Then I^ome to the consideration of the vote
of Calhoun county. The committee deducted
twenty-eight votes from the vote of the sitting
Delegate, and four votes from the vote of the con-
testant, upon the ground that Calhoun county,
for voting purposes, was attached to the county
of Platte, and it was required by the law of Ne-
braskaTerritory that the vote of Calhoun county
sjiould be returned to the clerk of the county of
Platte, and certified by the proper authority of
Platte county to the Governor of the Territory of
Nebraska. But the vote was certified dircctly
from the county of Calhoun to the secretary of
the Territory, and they were received by his pri-
vate secretary, who opened and examined them,
and then sent them to the clerk of Platte county.
They were afterwards returned from that quarter
back again to the secretary of the Territory of
Nebraska. Thus it is shown that these votes
were returned without authority of law to the
Governor of Nebraska or to his secretary, where
they were opened by a private citizen, (for the
secretary had no authority to receive and open
them;) that they were closed up and sent to the
clerk of Platte county, and from Platte county
back to the secretary of the Territory.
The law places strict guard around the returns
and certificates of elections. They should be
opened by the proper authority; and they cannot
be opened and reopened, and sent from one post
office to another, in contravention of all law. This
of itself would be sufficient ground to reject the
entire vote of Calhoun.
But we find from the evidence, that the contest-
ant showed by competent witnesses that the en-
tire settlement in the county of Calhoun consisted
of two families in the northwest, and four families
in the southeast part of the county; and that the
whole voting population of the county did not ex-
ceed 6. And yet there were 32 votes returned
from that county. The proof is, that it was a
wild frontier county, in which there were but G
legally qualified voters, and therefore all the votes
above that number must have been spurious. I
will refer to some of the cvidcnce upon which
these facts are founded. On the twenty-fifth page
of the evidence will be found the testimony of
E. Ii. Rogers upon this subject. I will read it:
" Thirteenth question. State, if you know,at what point
in said county the election was purported to have been
held?
"Answer. In Calhoun precinct; but I couklhear of no
such placc.
cc Fourteenth question. Might there not be settlements in
said county which yon know nothing about?
" Answer. It is possible there might, but i think there is ho
probability there is.
"Fifteenth question. IIow far do you live from the furthest
line of Calhoun county?
" Answer. I live about twenty-seven miles north of the
soutliei'n boundary of Calhoun county.
"Sixteenth, question. How far hom the furthest corner of
Calhoun county do you live ?
"jlnswcr. f live about twenty-seven miles north,and about
twenty miles east, or about thirty-two miles in a direct line
from the fuithcst corner.
" Seventeenth question. Might not Calhoun precinct be in
that corner of the county and you know nothing about it, or
hear nothing about it ?
u Answer. It might possibly, but there is no probability that
itcouid." * * ** * * * *
"Second question. State how often you have been in the
county of Calhoun.
u Answer. I judge about half a dozen times, probably
more."
Here was a witness who had been in Calhoun
county half a dozen times, who lived in the ad-
joining county, and he could not even find the
election precinct, and knew nothing of the place
where the election purported to have bee$ held.
In reference to the same county, another wit-
ness testifies as follows:
" Eleventh question. State whether you made an effort to
ascertain whether the persons who by the return appeared
to be the officers of the election, resided in Calhoun county,
or any of the other persons whose names are upon the
memorandum taken from the poll-took; and, if so, what
was the result of that effort?
" Answer. I could hear of no such persons whose names
I had copied from that poll-book, to the number of seven,
exclusive of those purporting to be officers, and the person
at whose house the election purported to be held, although
I made diligent inquiry in ail places where I supposed I
should be likely to hear of them. I also made inquiries
respecting the persons named as officers, with the same
result."
And when the names of officers were shown to
the witness who resided in that county, he swore
that he never heard of those election officers in
the county of Calhoun.
Your committee camc to the conclusion that all
these votes were spurious; that no such election
officers resided in Calhoun county; and that no
such election officers ever held such an election
there.
Now the sitting Delegate had full and ample
notice that his seat would be contested, and con-
tested upon the ground that there was no voting
population in the county of Calhoun, and that the
votes purporting to have been returned were spu-
rious and of a fraudulent character. And yet,
although the contestant brought ample proof to
sustain these allegations, the sitting Delegate did
not examine a single witness to show that these
election officers either lived in that county, or that
such a precinct was there; that such citizens re-
sided there, or that any such vote was cast in the
county. This was conclusive with the commit-
tee, and we were therefore bound to reject the
vote.
As to the vote of Izard county, the committee
rejected the twenty-one votes cast for the sitting
Delegate and the throe cast for the contestant, on
the ground that the entire vote purporting to have
been polled in that county was a fraud, and that
no such vote was ever polled. One witness tes-
tifies, on page 14 of tile report, that he never
saw a settler in Izard county, and never heard
there was a settler there. Another witness, who
visited the county last July, swears lie saw no
evidence of settlements, no roads, and no persons
residing there; he traveled through the county,
and never saw or heard of settlers 111 it. A third
swears that he has no knowledge of any settlers
in the county, and that lie had ample opportuni-
ties of knowing of settlements if there had been
any in the county.
1 here make the point which I referred to in the
case of Calhoun county. If there had been any
settlers there; if there had been one acre of culti-
vated land; if there had been a single voter in the
county; much more, if there had been an election
precinct, and if there had been officers who held
an election there, how easy would it have been
for the sitting Delegate, after full notice, to have
brought one of these twenty-four voters, one of
these election officers, one of these settlers, to
show that there was a settlement, and that an
election had been held, and that there were votes
cast in the county of Izard.
All this led us to the inevitable conclusion that
the returnsfrom Izard county were entirely^raud-
ulent; and therefore we excluded the whole vote
of that county.
As to the vote inL'EauQ.ui Court county, apor-
tion of it was also rejected on the same ground.
The whole vote of that county—one hundred and
twenty-eight votes—was returned for the sitting
Delegate. My friend, Mr. Daily, was so unfor-
tunate, or so unpopular, as not to receive a single
vote out of the whole one hundred and twenty-
eight. I suppose the idea was, that there was 110
use in dividing the votes—that, if a fraudulent vote
was to be returned, they might as well give the
full benefit of it to the sitting Delegate. A gen-
tleman, who represented that county in the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, swears that there are only
from thirty to thirty-five votes in the county. He
swears that there are only two settlements in it.
The only witness whose testimony was taken for
the sitting Delegate makes a statement contra-
dicting this, to some extent. -He speaks of five
settlements in different parts of the county. But,
from all the evidence in regard to settlements ill
that county, it was plain that no more than sixty
votes could possibly have been polled in the county
of L'Eau Qui Court. That was the maximum al-
lowance. Tomymind,itwasplain thatnotmore
than from forty-five to fifty votes had been cast in
that county.
Mr. ESTABROOK. One witness swears that
he saw fifteen wagons going there at one time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There was one witness
called by the sitting Delegate who made a state- -
ment of that kind; but all the witnesses examined
to the contrary—threcorfour-—made a statement"'
of facts totally different. The cominiit ee ^*ere
obliged to go by the weight of evidence, not- scan- -
ning it too closely, and allowing sixty votes-for"
that county, deducting sixty-eight.
Mr. ESTABROOK. Was there any contro-
versy in relation to the settlement of L*Eau Gtui
Court county?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman -who rep-
resented it in the Legislature swore that there
might be from thirty to thirty-five voters in it.
Ho was well acquainted with the whole county.
Mr. ESTABROOK. Did he not say that he
lived a hundred miles from it?
Mr. CAMPBELL. He said he lived on the
borders of the county, and professed to have a
knowledge of it.
Mr. ESTABROOK. He stated he lived one hun-
dred miles from it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. ThaJ there had been fraud
in that county is abundantly shown by the facts
that took place afterwards, and which have not •
been contradicted on the part of the sitting Dele-
gate. Two of the witnesses who were examined
111 the case went to the county for the purpose of
procuring a copy of the poll-book. They suc-
ceeded in obtaining it from the clerk, but it was
taken away from them by a mob. A mob way-'
laid the parties who went out for the purpose of
getting a copy of the poll-book, took the wheels
off their buggy, stole the horse, and stated that
as tlieyha*; been participants in the fraud,a copy
of the poll-book should never be allowed to leave
the county. See testimony in the cause.
It is shown by a witness who examined the list
of names on the poll-book, that it was a spuri-
ous list from beginning to end. It had on it the
name of Howeil Cobb, who, I suppose, never
saw the county. It had on it the name of Aaron
V. Blown, and ten names of McRea in consecu-
tive order, while there never was a family of that
name in the county, as appears from the evidence.
If Mr. Cobb or Mr. Brown are residents there,
why did not the sitting Delegate bring proof to
show that there are persons of that name resi-
dent of the county ? The whole thing Was bogus
from beginning to end. The list was manufac-
tured for the purpose. . A copy of the poll-book
was taken away from the messenger byibrce; the
mob declaring that, as they were parties to the
fraud, they would never suffer any evidence of it
to leave the county in which it was perpetrated.
These spurious and illegal votes were deducted
from the vote cast for the sitting Delegate; and
your committee, after a faithful investigation,
have come to the conclusion that every one of
them should bo deducted. That will leave a ma-
jority to the contestant of one hundred and nine-
teen votes.
The report of the Committee of Elections may
be, as I stated in the first instance, regarded as a
unanimous one. The learned and able members
of the committee who are friends to the sitting
Delegate—and, I trust, all the members of the
committee were disposed to do that which was
simply right—could not find in the case evidence
enough to found a minority report on. The sit-
ting Delegate himself, after an abundant oppor-
tunity to confront these facts, was not able to
contradict them.
Now there is positive proof of wholesale fraud
in all the evidence that was brought to bear on
the case. The defense of the sitting Delegate is
founded on a technicality of the baldest descrip-
tion. If the House indulge me, and if it be neces-
sary to show the fact, I will show that the entire
defense is based on the merest technicality. I
humbly conceive that it has no merit in it, no
equity; and my only surprise about it is, that a
gentleman of the integrity of the sitting Delegate
would claim a seat on this floor on such a record
as this is shown to be.
I thank the House for its indulgence, and will
not, in a case of this kind, trespass further upon
its time.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I rise for the purpose
of submitting a motion, which I endeavored to get
before the House at the beginning of the case.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to any motion be-
ing made.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I will not discuss the
