1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ask that the evidence may be fairly considered;
and, if I am not sustained by that evidence, I
will not ask any man in this House to vote for
my remaining in my scat. And 1 will say further,
that my colleague, who undertook to prejudge my
case, is to be one of the triers of that ease.- He
is to be a juror; he is to be a judge; perhaps he
may be on the committee that is to take it into
consideration and make the required investiga-
tion. Yet, the gentleman has, in advance, ex-
pressed the opinion to the House that I am not
entitled to my scat. Why, sir, I hold the same
certificate with himself. I received the certificate
of the Governor of the State of Kentucky, coun-
tersigned by the attorney general of that State,
that 1 was electcd by a majority of the qualified
voters of my district. My friend has cxactly the
same thing, and nothing more. Why, then,
should he announce upon this floor, in advance,
that I do not hold my seat by a majority of xhe
voters of my district ? Under these circumstances,
is he a competent juror to sit on my case under
Kentucky law ? My colleague is a Kentucky
lawyer, and knows that if a man has formed and
expressed an opinion upon a case, he is not qual-
ified, as a juror, upon that case. Now, I do not
want exactly to sneer my friend ofS> the jury. If,
under the circumstances, having announced that
he has prejudged my case, if he is willing to sit
upon it as a juror, 1 shall not object. It is true
that I was elected by a very small majority. Three
votes out of fifteen thousand voters is a very
small number; but, sir, that majority of three
votes is just as effectual as a majority of ten thou-
sand.
Wow, sir, I do not desire to allude to this mat-
ter further at the present time. It has nothing to
do with the organization of this House. After
the House has "been organized, even, it must first
undergo the investigation of the Committee of j
Elections. There are some two hundred depo- i
sitions, making a volume of some two thousand 1
five hundred or three thousand pages, and it will
take the committee some six months to read the j
testimony before they can decide whether I am ;
entitled to my seat. [Laughter.] _ i
But my colleague remarked, 1 think, that he
would vote forjudge Douglas if nominated by
thc Charleston convention. It is known to gen-
tlemen of the House that at the Union meeting,
held some two or three days since, in New York,
General Scott was put in nomination for the Pres-
idency. Now, sir, if General Scott is the candi-
date of the great national party, if .Tudge Doug-
las is the candidate, of the Charleston convention,
and a Black Republican is put in nomination, I
confess that I shall vote for the hero of Lundy's
Lane, because I am for a Union conservative man.
Let me say further, upon this subjcct, that, in
my opinion, it is highly probable that the next
election for President may be thrown into the
House. 1 ask, then, whether the contested elec-
tions in this House have anything to do with that
contingency? There arc four States at the South
who, as tli« House is now organized, will not
vote for a Democrat for President. I have alluded
to my own State. In Maryland, too, two seats
are contested. I say nothing in reference to the
merits of the contest, because 1 know nothing:
but I will say that I believe these contests are a
political movement, having reference to the next
presidential contest. I may be wrong; but I
know Democratic tactics pretty well. They have
fought me in and out; I have fought them, and I
expect to continue to do it. I want my friends of
the Democratic party to do cxactly as they please,
and I intend to do exactly as I please. 1 am not
responsible to tliem, nor amT responsible to any
except my own people.
Now, sir, I am for the preservation of this
Union. That is the paramount, consideration
with me. I do not know whether your candidate
is a Union man or not. If I -understood my col-
league, he said that if William H. Seward was
clected President of the United States he would
be ready to go out of the Union; and that is what
nearly all of these gentlemen who have : poken
on that side have announced. 1 do not believe
the election of any man as President is sufficient
ground to go out of the Union, until he shall
have committed some overt act—until he shall
have performed some act trespassing upon the
vio-hts of the South.*1 am for the Union first, last,
and all the time. The language of Daniel Web-
ster, "Liberty and Union, one and inseparable,
now and forever," is my motto.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Clerk, it is not my pur-
pose, nor has it been my purpose, to unneces-
sarily bringany gentleman before the House, orto
make any assault upon any gentleman upon this
floor when I believe I am not warranted in doing
so by the course of any such gentleman. Now,
the history of this discussion is this: The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] yester-
day morning attempted, by qucstionsprppounded
to the gentleman from Alabama* [Mr. Cobb,] to
fix the responsibility of the non-organization of
the House upon the Democratic party. My col-
league admitted that lie wrote the letter to the
newspaper in Kentucky to which I have alluded,
which also charges the failure to organize the
House upon a national conservative man, upon
the Democratic party here. Now, sir, I deemed
it rightand proper to know the reason, if! could,
why there was no union among those who claim
to be opposed to a Black Republican organiza-
tion, and hence I pursued the course which I did
last evening.
I will not detain the House, sir, but a moment.
First, I will notice my colleague's charge, that I
referred to his contested seat upon this floor.
Why, sir, my colleague's recollection is short.
He brought the matter before the House himself,
and he will remember another fact: that I ex-
pressed no opinion as to the merits of his contest.
The only statement I made was, as gentlemen of
the other side will bear me witness, to appeal to
the House to suspend its judgment until they
should hear the facts. My opinion in reference
to the merit#of the case was not expressed, ex-
cept to the extent of the remark, that upon the
returns being sent in one county was not counted,
which, if it had been, would have electcd the con-
testant by a few votes. To that extent only has
my judgment gone in this case.
Now, let me say another word. When my
colleague undertakes to make it appear that his con-
test is a political movement,, and not one personal
to himself, I say that it is a political movement,
I trust originating in higher motives than the
meie vote of any mail upon this floor upo-n any
question.
But my colleague says he is a Union man. He
also says that is the paramount consideration with
him. I say that I do not indorse that sentiment.
1 am a Union man, burl am for a constitutional
Union. A Union without the Constitution is not
worth one cent. This is a Government of equals,
my colleague. It was made by our fathers, and
the States were recognized as sovereign and co-
equal: and any man who destroys that equality,
when the constitutional rights of one section are
disregarded, when that Constitution is trampled
under foot, then this Union can never be a para-
mount consideration with me.
Now, Mr. Clerk, my colleague says he does
not desire a united South. I do desire a united
South in the sense in which I used the expres-
sion. What is the spectacle presented here? Let
us look at it for one moment. Hep1 aic a band
of northern men and true, willing and ready to
stand by thi Constitution of the country, and to
prevent"going into that Speaker's chair a gentle-
man who has indorsed the doctrine of the Helper
' book and stands upon the platform of the Repub-
lican party which makes war upon the South.
My object for aunited South is this, not that we
may stand as a sectional South upon a sectional
platform, but that we may stand here presenting
a solid and bold front m opposition to a party
which desires to put the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] in the Speaker's chair
Now, sir, my colleague told you that he in-
dorsed the sentiment uttered by Mr. Fillmore,
that, the repeal of the Missouri restriction was
like Pandora's box. I ask my colleague whether
he will take issue with the Supreme Court of the
United States, which has solemnly declared that
the Missouri compromise of J830 was unconsti-
tutional ! Does he stand upon the higher law
doctrine? Will he, m his zeal to defeat the Dem-
ocratic party and to expose the alleged corrup-
tions of this Administration, lend himself to the
doctrine of William H. >r.v:i;'i. llie; there is
a higher law than the Constitution ' He tells this
House that the repeal of the Missouri compro-
1 mise was like Pandora's box He is a southern
i man, representing a southern and slaveholdmg
constituency he stiys, and yet takes direct ,issu&
with the Supreme Court of the United Skates. So
much for that.
Now, sir, the gentleman asks me a question/in
reference to his nominee, [Mr. Boteler.] I sajr
to him frankly that in the gentleman from "Vir-
ginia [Mr. Boteler] I recognize a' man of naf
tional and conservative views; I recognize a man
who, when he went into that' chair, would or-
ganize the committees of this House upon prin-
ciples of justice and fairness, and Dot with a view
to carry out the particular views of this section
or that; a man who would be governed by a
sense of what would be-best for the public ser-
vice, and what was in "itself best and proper.
The gentleman asks mo why I did not give my
vote to that gentleman ? I will tell him: it is be-
cause he cannot unite his own party. That is
the reason.
He also asks me why I did not vole for the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr, Gilmer,]
and tells me that we can elect him. The gentle-
man will pardon mo- if I do not go into the reasons
which will prevent my voting for him, and he will
at once understand the reasons why I did not go
into it, because my reasons are wholly personal
to that gentleman himself But I will say .this in
regard to that matter. He says that Mr. Gilmer
is the owner of eighty-six slaves, _ Cassitis M.
Clay is the owner of slaves; Blair is the owper
of slaves; and you can find any number of such
men who are making war upon the institution of
slavery and upon the rights of that portion of
my constituents who are the owners of slaves.
It does not follow as a matter of course that be-
cause a man is the owner of slaves that he reflects
my views.
Another thing: I have heard the charge of cor-
ruption and fraud agamst this Administration.
The clinige was mad'' upon every slump in my
State that this Administration was corrupt, and
thai gross frauds had been perpetrated by it since
it came into power. And not only that; the Ad-
ministiation was denounce^ in the grossest lan-
guage. But I tell gentlemen that during the last
Congress committees were appointed to inquire
into these various charges of corruption, and that
every one of those committees signally failed to
sustain a single one of those charges. This Ad-
ministration has been, in myjudgment, eminently
conservative, and, for that reason, it commends
itself to my support and to my admiration. 1
tell gentlemen who get up here, and deal in round
and'bold declarations ah,out eoiruption and fraud
m this Administration, that if they organize this
House, they may appoint committees and make
their investigations as thorough as they please,
and that they will meet with as signal a defeat as
they did in the last Congress.
I beg pardon of the House for having detained
them so long; and in conclusion, I say this: that
I have been satisfied, itnd am now, that, this House
will not be organized by the Democratic party;
and I have not thought so sinfee I came here. But,
while talking upon this subject, I want to say
what the Democratic party has done for the pur-
pose of bringing about, an organization; and, at
the same time, 1 desire to say that, as a member
of that party, I was opposed to the movement
which was made. The Democratic party metal
caucus and nominated a gentleman recognized by
the Opposition of this House not only as emi-
nently qualified for that pof '.tion, but a gentleman
against whose fitness and qualifications I have not
heard any charge cxccpt upon political grounds.
We voted for him persistently for days; and not
only that, we endeavored to avoid giving offense
to gentlemen belonging to the southern Opposi-
tion, by presenting the very best man we had.
We passed no resolutions, nothing offensive; and
yet, we could get no southern support. But it
was rumored and whispered around that they did
not like the nominee of the party. The Demo-
cratic party refused to takedown their candidate;
and yet, in the face of that, our candidate, being
anxious and desirous to organize by the election
of a man who could command the support of a
majority of this House, voluntarily withdrewfrom
the contest. We then scattered—no man on our
side leceivmg a concentrated vote. The^outhcrn
Opposition divided; the Democracy divided. We
waited to see whether the southern Opposition
could take any of our men, or whether those who
had voted for'Mr. Bocock could find any accept-
