1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
view of holding a seat to which he never was
elected, lie votes to disfranchise one hundred thou-
sand people of the State of Michigan, and to eject
their chosen Representation from this Hall. And
yet this young and gifted statesman and champion
of southern- rights, expectcd "so to act as to meet
with the confidence and respect of his constitu-
ents."
But the unkinclest cut of all was the imbruing
of his hands in the political blood of Hon. Dick
Barret,ofMissouri,oneof hisown relations. Six
hundred and seven majority was no protection to
Kim; and again he votes to disfranchise one hun-
dred thousand of the people of Missouri, by strik-
ing down their selected and chosen Representa-
tive, and placing in his stead a member of the
party he came here to battle. Yet this cham-
pion of protection to slave property expected " so
to act as to meet with the confidence and respect
of his constituents." And finally, he stood up in
this Hall, at an early day of the session, and held
out the hope to the Republican party, that, should
he be retained in the scat that he now holds in
violation of the recorded will of those whom ho
assumed to represent, he would, in the event of
the presidential election coming to the House, not
vote for the Democratic candidate, notwithstand-
ing he represents a Democratic constituency. He
would thus conspire to elect a Republican Pres-
ident, by withholding his vote from the choice of
his own State, and thus negative the wishes of
her people.
I say to you, Mr. Speaker, and through you
to the Republican party, lay not the flattering
unction to your souls—judging from the course
of the gentleman upon this floor—that Republican-
ism has taken root in the fourth congressional
district of Kentucky. I tell you, there are not
to be found in all the South truer or more sub-
stantial friends to the rights of the South than
they arc in my district. They are not disumou-
ists—far from it. They are Union men; they
stand up for the rights of the people of the South,
as they stand up for the rights of the people of
the North, and for the Constitution. But when
that Constitution ceases to be a bond of union,
and when they are called upon to take their place,
in the event of n dissolution of the Confederacy,
they will go where their interests and the God of
nature has assigned them.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not
persuade myself that anything which could be
said by anybody could change the fixed determ-
ination of the majority of this House, already
agreed upon, I fear, as a party measure, to sup-
port the resolution reported by the majority of
the Committee of Elections. If it was a mere
contest between the contestant and the sitting
member, I do not know that I would have said a
word. But as the sitting member has chosen to
impugn somewhat the motives of the minority
of the committee, and as I constituted one of that
minority, I desire to enter my protest against
some of the legal propositions that will become
established precedents, should this majority 1 eport
be sustained. I speak on the behalf of the people
of the fourth congressional district of Kentucky.
I speak on behalf of every freeman in every State
of this Union, who are vitally interested in this
issue. If the doctrines of the majority, as an-
nounced ill their report, be indorsed by this
House, the elective franchise of every district in
the Union will be frittered away by technicalities,
and the popular voice, as reflected 'at the ballot-
box, be placed at the mere disposal of the few
man who shall be called upon to conduct an elec-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, an election was held on the 2d
August, 1859, in the fourth congressional district
of Kentucky. That district is composed of eleven
counties and sixty-four voting precincts. These
counties are Boy Ie, Li ncoln, Pulaski, Casey Cum-
berland, Wayne, Adair; Greene, Taylor, Clinton,
and Russell. The election was viva voce. On
the summing up of the returns, the result, as re-
ported by the judges in the various precincts of the
several counties named, was as follows: Ander-
son, 7,204; Chrisman, 7,201; giving to the sitting
member three of a majority. This summing up
was reported to the State board by the several
ministerial boards in the several counties, but in
some particulars, were afterwards attempted to be
corrected. On the first statement, Mr. Anderson
received his certificate from the State board. Now
the first question to be considered is, was he en-
titled to it> The solution of this question would
seom to depend on the inspection of the poll-
books. If he received the larger number of all
the votes cast, he would be entitled to his certifi-
cate. But was that so ? Will any gentleman of
the majority say it was so? No, sir, it cannot
be said, because it is not true in point of fact.
The contestant received a majority of seven votes,
prima, facie, on the inspection of the poll-books.
The sitting member; admits it. Why, then, did
he get his certificate? Our laws require the judges,
at the close of the election, to sum up the result,
take an alistr.net of the vote as shown 0*11 an in-
spection, seal up the poll-books and deliver them
to the sheriff, each judge retaining a memorandum
of the result. On the third day after this election,
the county board met and inspected those poll-
books. Letme read the law under which an elec-
tion is conducted in Kentucky:
" The presiding judge of the county court, the clerk
thereof, and the shciiff, orotlier officer acting for iliitt atan
election, shall constitute a hoard tor examining the poll-
books ot each county, and giving certificates of election.
Any two ot them may constitute a board."—Revised btal-
utcs of Kentucky, chap, xxxiL, art. v.,pcc. 1, p. 288.
" Within two days aftei an election the sheiiff shall de-
posit with the clerk of the county couit the poll-books of
the dill'eient precincts, and on the next day the board &hall
meet in the clerk's office between ten and twelve o'clock
in ihe morning, compare the polls, ascertain the conectness
of the summing up of the votes, and give triplicate ormore
written certificates of election, over their signatures, of
those who have received the highest number ot votes for
any office exclusively within the gut of the voters of the
county—one copy of the certificate to be retained m the
clerk's office, another deliveied to each of the persons
elected, and the other forwarded to the secretary of State,
at Fiankfoit. For offices not within such gift, they shall
give duplicate or more wiitten certificates, over their sig-
natures, of the number of votes given in the county to each
person voted for, patticulanzing theiem the precinct at
which the votes were given—one copy to be retained m the
cloik'f. office, and the othei doliveied to the sheriff,'*—Id.,
sec. *3, pp. 283, 2c9.
" After an election for Oovemoi, lieutenant governor, or
othei oilieeis elected by the vote* of the whole St.ite*orfor
judge-. of the court ot appeal*, eleik ot that couit. ciicuit
judge, Commonwealth's attorney, Representative in Con-
gie>s, &c., it shall bo the duty o! the boaid of exammeis
lor each county, immediately after the examination of the
poll-books, to make out three or more certificates in writ-
ing, over then signatuies, of (he number of votes given in
the county tor each of the e.uididatet.foranj of haul offices.
One of the ceitificutex shall he letained in the clerk's office,
anotherthe eleik shall send by the next mail, under cover,
to the secretary ol t>tate, atFianktort, and the other he
shall transmit to the secretary, by any private conveyance
the clerk may select, free of cost.''—Id., sec. 5, p. 289.
This board is directed, by the language of the
statute, to examine these poll-books. For what
purpose ? Undoubtedly to ascertain who has re-
ceived the largest vote, by an inspection of these
poll-books; and if the judges, in their summary,
have made a mistake, this board is to correct it.
The language of the statute is, " to compare the
poll-books." They are not confined, in the exer-
cise of their duty, to any particular day. On the
contrary, the State boaid, composed of the attor-
ney general, the secretary of State, and the Gov-
ernor of the State, meet on the fourth Monday
after the election, to receive the result of their
examination, and issue certificates to those who
have received the largest vote. Why place the
meeting of the State board four weeks after the
election ? The clear intent of this provision was,
that the ministerial county board might thoi-
oughly purge and examine the poll-books, to see
who had received, upon the face of the poll-books,
the largest number of votes.
Now, then, I come back to this pertinent ques-
tion: if Chrisman received seven majority upon
the face of those poll-books, why was he not en-
titled to, and why did he not receive, this certifi-
cate ?
Mr. STRATTON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that, by the lows of Kentucky, the
board of State canvassers cannot meet for four
weeks after the election?
Mr. STEVENSON. I say that that is the in-
tendment of the statute.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says that, by
the face of the poll-books of the fourth congres-
sional district of Kentucky, it appears that the
contestant was elected by seven majority. He
says that the sitting member admits it, and that
everybody admits it. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that whatever the sitting member may admit, the
majority of the committee do notadmit it. Their
position is just this, sir: there was a single mis-
take upon the poll-books, which attracted the at-
tention of the friends of the contestant earlyafter
the day of the election,. That mistalcfe corrected
wouldleavethe contestahtwithamajorityofseven
votes. But a further exaniinatidn.p'f the face bf'
the poll-books, and a correction of all the mis-
takes upon the poll-books, and giving every8 man
who offered to vote at the polls just exactly such
a vote and such a count as he desired, \vouM, in-
stead of giving the contestant seven majority, give"
the sitting mpmber seven majority". ' • ^
Mr. STEVENSbN. I am just coming to that
proposition, and will show that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is in error;
but before I go on, I will answer the gentleman
from New Jersey. He asked me what the law
of Kentucky is. Here is the law:,
"The Governor, attorney general, and secretary of .State,
and in the absence of cither, the auditor, or any two of
them, shall be a board for examining the returns of elec-
tions lor any of tho officers named in the-last section.
" It shall bo the duty of said board, when the returns are
all in, or on the fouith Monday after ail election, whether
they aic in or out, to make out in the secretary's office,
fiom the returns made, duplicate certificates m writing,
over their signatures, of the election of those having tho
higher numboi of votes.'1 (Id., sec. C, p. 290.)
If all the returns are in before the fourth Mon-
day after an election, the State board may proceed
to canvass them,so soon as.theyare all received.
If the returns are not all received from the respect*
ive counties, the State board cannot procecd to
canvass them until the fourth Monday after the
election. In the present case, the State board, as
appears from their certificate to the sitting mem-
ber, did not proceed to a discharge of theirduties
until the fourth Monday after the election.
Now, I come to the point of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I join issue with
him, and with the majority of this committee,
upon the legal authority of the county board and
State board to correct returns. No matter how
a majority intend to decide this case, I appeal to
the legal and impartial judgment of the House to
say whether tho majority or minority of the com-
mittee are right in their construction of this stat-
ute. It is a .question of vital import to the sanc-
tity and purity of popular elections everywhere.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
undertakes to argue that the ministerial boards
have a right to correct the poll-books, by count-
ing persons who offered to vote for the sitting
member, but were refused by the judges, I deny
toto ccelo any such power to either ministerial or
State board. I do not understand that the latter
ever claimed it. These ministerial county boards '
are confined by law to a simple examination of
the poll-books. "iTheir duty is to ascertain, by a
thorough and faithful scrutiny, the exact .number
of votes exhibited on the face of the poll^books
to have been cast in their several counties for the
respective candidates. They arc limited to a
truthful certificate of this result to the State board
at Fi.uikfort, who issue certificates to those who,
by the verity of the poll-books, as thus certified,
have received the largest number of votes in the
entire congressional district. The Federal Con-
stitution makes this House the exclusive judge
of the election, qualifications, and returns of its
members. No State possesses the constitutional
right to confer any power upon a State board to
coirect, alter, or change the name of any voter
appearing on tho poll-books, or to add to or sub-
tiact from any candidate any vote shown on the
poll-books to have been cast for him. A recorded
vote, on the failure of judges to receive a vote for
a Representative in Congress, is an error beyond
the power of any State authority to correct. This
House alone affords the remedy. If the power
existed in any State board to correct the errors of
judges of a congressional election in admitting or
refusing votes, the same right to j^idge of the qual-
ifications of candidates, by a parity of reasoning,
would inure to them. The action of our State
board, at our late electiori,is indirect antagonism
to such a proposition. This board, composed ot
Governor Morehead, Attorney General Harlan,
and Judge Mason Brown, issued a certificate to
my young and gifted colleague, [John- Young
Brown,] who was alleged to have been then inel-
igible, and who has not yet t>een sworn in as a
member of this House. If they possessed tho
power to pass on qualification, why did they issue
it? Surely they possessed as much power tore-
fuse it on this ground as to refuse a certificate to
one who, on a faithful scrutiny of ihe poll-books,
