1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1237
Mr. COX-. I wish to ask a question of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order.
No debate is in order.
Mr. COX. I should have been through while
the gentleman was making his question of order.
I merely desire to ask whether this matter of
contract is not all regulated by law >
Mr. STANTON. I understand that this rule
proposes to give the Committee on Printing the
power to contract.
Mr. BURNETT.- The gentleman is mistaken.
The amendment gives no new power. It simply
transfers the power now existing in the Commit-
tee on Engraving- to the Committee on Printing.
Mr, STANTON. I understand the Committee
on Engraving has already been abolished by an-
other rule.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is simply a
matter of form. Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to
make a single remark to this House.
Mr. STANTON. If there is to be debate upon
this question, let us have a chance upon both
sides. I call for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs* Buffinton
and Barr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 78, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following is the next amendment, on which
a separate vote was asked:
Strike out of rule 79 the words "for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government; for the Army; for the
Navy; and for the Indian department and Indian annui-
ties," apd insert in lieu thereof: "for legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses; for sundry civil expenses; for
consular and diplomatic expenses; for the Army; for the
Navy; for the expenses of the Indian departm ent; for the
payment of invalid and other pensions; for the support of
the Military Academy; for fortifications; for the scrvicc of
the Post Office Department; and for mail transportation by
occan steamers; and said committee shall have leave tore-
poit such bills, for reference only, at any tuneso that it
will read: „,
It shall also be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means, within thirty days after their appointment, at any
session of Congress, commencing on the first Monday of
December, to repoit the general appropriation bills—for le-
gislative, executive, and judicial expenses; for sundry civil
expenses; for consular and diplomatic expenses; for the
Army; fortheNavy; forthe expenses of the Indian depart-
ment ; for the payment of invalid and other pensions; for
the support of the Military Academy; for fortifications ; lor
the service of tho Post Office Department; and for inail
transportation by ocean steamers ; and said committee shall
have leave to report such bills, for reference only, at any
time, or in failute thereof the reasons of such failuie.
The amendment was concurred in.
The following is the next amendment on which
a separate vote was asked:
Amend rule 29 by striking out at the end of the rule the
words " per mile," and inserting in lieu thereof, " for each
mile necessarily and actually traveled by such omcei or
other person in the execution of such piecept oi sum-
mons so that it will read:
The fees of the Seigeant-at-Arms shall be, for every ar-
rest, the sum of two dollars; for each day's custody and
releasement, onedollar; andfortravelingexpensesfoi him-
self or a special messenger, going and returning, one tenth
of a dollar for each mile necessarily and actually traveled
by such officer or other person in the execution of such
precept or summons.
The amendment was concurred in.
The following is the next amendment upon
which a separate vote was asked!
Add as a new rule: . ,
All elections of officers of the House, including the
Speaker, shall be conducted in accordance with these rules
so far as the same are applicable ; and pending the election
of Speaker, the Clerk shall preserve order and decorum,
and he shall decide all questions of order that may arise,
subject to appeal to the House.
These rules shall be the rules of the Hou«e of Represent-
atives of the present and succeeding Congresses, unless
otherwise ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the following amendment:
Add as a new rule:
The House shall meet at two o'clock, p- m., until other-
wise ordered; but this rule may be suspended at any time
during the last ten days of the session, by a maionty or tlie
members present, who may then fix upon a different hour
of meeting for the rest of the session.
Mr. STANTON. I want the House to know
that that is not an amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union;
but that it is an amendment moved in the House
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.]
The SPEAKER. That is so.
The question was taken; and the amendment
Was rejected. ,
- Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the votes by which the amendments were
severally adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONDUCT OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call up the motion made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Flor-
ence] to reconsider the vote by which, on the 16th
of February last, the following resolutions were
referred to the Committee on the Expenditures in
the Navy Department, and I move that it be laid
upon the table.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy has, with the
sanction of the President, abused liis discretionary power
in the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase of fuel
for the Government.
Resolved, That the contraetmade by the Secretary of the
Navy, under date of September 23,1858, with William C.
N. Swift, for the delivery of live-oak timber, was made in
violation of law, and in a manner unusual, improper, and
injurious to the public service.
Resolved, That the distribution, by the Secretary of the
Navy, of the patronage in the navy-yards among members
of Congress, was destructive of discipline, corrupting in its
influence, and highly injurious to the public service.
Resolved, That the President and Secretary of the Navy,
by receiving and considering the party relations of bidders
for contracts with the United States, and the effect of
awarding contracts, upon pending elections, have set an
example dangerous to the public safety, and deserving the
reproof of this House.
Resolved, That the appointment,by the Secretary of the
Navy, ofDaniel B. Martin, chief engineer, as a member ot
a board of engineers to report upon proposals for construct-
ing machinery for the United States, the said Martin, at the
time, beingpecuniariiy interested in some of said proposals,
is hereby censured by this House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am willing that that
course shall be pursued.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the
question in reference to the Military Academy bill
be now disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of the report from tho Committee of
Elections, in tho case of Williamson against
Sickles. .
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. What becomes
of my motion, that the rules be suspended in order
that a resolution 1 have had read at the Clerk s
desk may be introduced ? It is a resolution for a
recess in April.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion^
when made was not in order, and it wa« not en-
tertained. The reference of the Military Acad-
emy bill is the first question now in order.
Mr. DAWES. I believe that my motion has
PTTho SPEAKER. The Chair believes that the
question of reference of the Military Academy
bill is the first to be considered.
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that any motion made here is of higher
privilege than tho motion I now make in respect
to the right of a member to his seat ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
Military Academy bill, having come in by unam-
mous conscnt, must be first disposed of, and that
it is not in order to interrupt it by other business.
A motion was submitted that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means; after
which it was moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho motion first made was
that the bill be referred to the Committee ofWays
and Means. The motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was submitted subse-
qUThe^PEAKER. The motion to refer to the
Committee on Military Affairs was made as an
amendment to the motion to refer to the Commit-
tee ofWays and Means, and the question must
first be taken upon that amendment, buch has
been the practice under the rules of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not wish to debate the
proposition at this time, but merely to make a
statement which I deem it proper should be in 1
possession of this House betore it decides this
question of reference. I regret, sir, of course, that
the question should be embarrassed by any ditter
ence between the chairmen of the respective com-
mittees. The amendment of the Senate concerns
the military department of this Government, I. he
subject of that amendment has already been un-
der consideration by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and that committee will be better able,
from the information it possesses, to report on the
amendment, and to report sooner than probably
any other committee of this House. I trust sin-
cerely that the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; for that committee, I
repeat, have already had the subject under con-
sideration.
Mr. WINSLOW. What is the amendment
of the Senate ?
Mr. REAGAN. The Senate attached to the
Military Academy appropriation bill an amend-
ment making an appropriation to enable the Pres-
ident to call into the service of the United States
a regiment of mounted Texas volunteers for the
defense of the Texas frontier, if in his discretion
their service is required.
Mr. WINSLOW. The whole question, then,
is as to the propriety of adding a new regiment"
to the force for the defense of the Texas frontier.
Mr. REAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then, sir, I think it is a
matter appropriate tfo the Committee on Military
Affairs—one pertinent to the duties that com-
mittee is required under the rules to discharge.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire merely to correct a
statement made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] when this question was before the
House before. It will be recollected that he stated
upon that occasion that the Senate had referred
the Military Academy bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I see, by glancing at the pro-
cecdings of the Senate, that, although that was
the fact, it was a mere inadvertence; and the action
was reconsidered, and the bill was referred unan-
imously to the Committee on Finance.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I -was surprised
that the gentleman from Ohio should make a sec-
ond onslaught upon this subject. So far as my
experience goes, I am perfectly willing that he
should have a second overhauling of this question.
I believe the action of the House will be to adhere
to its previous action.
In reference to this matter particularly, there
is no especial haste, as I see by a telegraphic re-
port in the Government newspaper, the Consti-
tution, that the war upon the Texan frontier is
already settled.
Mr. REAGAN. Thegentleman from Vermont
will allow me to say a word just -here. It is a
fact that there is such an urgent necessity for
speedy action as makes us solicitous that this
matter should go to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I will state to the gentleman from Ver-
mont that the dispatch to which he refers dc>es
not have reference to the Indian hostilities which
have been pending over usforanumber of years;
but it has reference to the movements of Cortinas,
who, the officer sending this dispatch seems to
think, has suspended his hostilities.
But in reference to that I would state that Cor-
tinas commenced his operations by committing a
number of murders in the city of Brownsville,
upon this side of the Rio Grande. He then col-
lected his forces upon this side of that river, and
retained them there until a battle ensued, in which
he lost sixty men. He then withdrew his forces
to the other side of the Rio Grande, on Mcx1ca.11
territory. His troops were Mexicans, and his
banner was Mexican, not American. From that
side he attacked an American steamer, passing up
the Rio Grande, and some Texan rangers cameto
the rescue, and fought him upon the opposite side
of the river. They then returned to this side of the
river upon United States soil. Cortinas continued
his depredations by smaller bands, driving the
inhabitants from their homes and destroying thei£
property. Recently a State Senator, after the ad-
journment of the State Legislature, returned to
his home upon the Rio Orandc, and found his
plantation destroyed, his houses burned, and his
property all gone. I refer to Senator Hoard.
Mr. Dougherty, one of the representatives from
Hidalgo county, also returned home to find all
his property gone, and his possessions burned
down. This thing has gone on until the country
on the Rio Grande has become almost depopu-
lated. No planting will be done this spring upon
the Rio Grande. There are occasional cessations
of hostilities, and I doubt, even in reference to this
matter, whether wo may regard the Mexican dep-
redations at an end. They are temporarily sus-
pended, and may be renewed at any time.
I could answer the gentleman's reference to that
