218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
able man among the souther at Opposition. We
found none; until a day or two since the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Boteler] withdrew his
Own .name, with a grace and eloquence which I
never before saw or heard in my life, and with
an expression of patriotic sentiments which com-
mends him to the- people of the whole country.
He, sir, put in nomination a gentleman of worth
as a man; a gentleman of whom I heard it said
that he was thfe least objectionable man in this
House. The Democrats came up in a solid col-
umn and voted for him, with one exception.
Mr. HARMS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky how many Democrats voted
for Mr. Millson ? *
Mr. BURNETT. There were but two excep-
tions, Mr. Pugij, of Alabama, and Mr. Mont-
gomery, of Pennsylvania, who did not vote for
him.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will allow me to say that Mr. Millson received
ninety-six votes, twelve of which were from the
southern Opposition.
Mr. BURNETT. The number of votes wa#
reduced very much yesterday. If the gentleman
will examine it he will see that I am right.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man tell me whether any one of the outstanding
anti-Lecompton Democrats threw their votes for
Mr. Mills on?
Mr. BURNETT. Not one, that I know. But
I am speaking of the Democratic party, and I
have reference to the Democrats who recognize
the organization of the party. Yet, Mr. Clerk,
with these facts before them, and represented to
them, the South Americans were unwilling to take
the nominee of their own nominee. They were
unwilling to vote for him. They could not sus-
tain him at all; and hence I was satisfied that 
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my colleague, just
there, how many Democratic votes were cast the
other day for Mr. Bqteler?
Mr. BURNETT. Twenty-odd; and the gen-
tleman may account for the failure of the Demo-
crats to vote for him from the simple fact that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Boteleii] could
uot unite his own party. Now, this singular
state of facts was presented here; and yet the
Democratic party are charged hero with being
responsibje for not organizing the House. Now,
I appeal to the fairness and candor of gentlemen
whether the twenty-three South Americans can
ask us for more than we have done.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am perfectly
satisfied that, in this grave question of responsi-
bility, the gentleman from Kentucky does not
design to say anything that would put the South
Americans in a false position.
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I want to ask
him tliis simple question: Suppose* that, in addi-
tion to the twelve votes which the South Amer-
icans gave yesterday for Mr. Millson, the other
eleven votes of that party had been also given to
him, by what process of addition could the gen-
tleman have figured up a majority of the House?
I desire to say further that, as it cannot be shown
by any process of figures, that the whole southern
vote, combine^ with the Democratic vote which
was thrown for Mr. Millson, could have put him
in the chair, it is idle and unfair to charge on the
South Americans who did not go for Mr. Mill-
son* any responsibility in connection with a result
which they could not have attained if they had
gone for him.
I desire again to call (he attention of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to this fact, which in the
hmging fact of the whole difficulty: I say, that
so long as the Democratic vote of the House can-
not be concentrated on a Democratic candidate, it
certainly is neither wise nor fair nor profitable to
throw on South American votes any responsibility
in connection with the failure to organize.
Mr. BURNETT. Here is the point that I make
on the South Americans. If the twenty-three-
South Americans had voted for General Millson,
it would, in my judgment, have resulted m the
organization of the House. How? It would have
placed General Millson in a position where he
would have1 commanded a majority of votes. Not
only that; it would have become necessary for the
gentlemen who are called unti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrats to have decided this conttst, and the re-
sponsibility would have been upon them. I spoke
yesterday of aunited southern front. What would
have been the spectacle presented in such a case?
Here would have been those from the North who
are acting with us, and here would have been the
South in all its elements acting in concert against
an organization to which we a re all opposed.
Then the anti-Lecompton Democrats must have
taken the responsibility either of putting into that
chair the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
or a gentleman of the Republican party. In their
hands would have rested the decision of that ques-
tion. Th'cn thej'e would have been this in addi-
tion. We have presented to the country the spec-
tacle of a great national party, sacrificing, for the
time being, their own peculiar views on political
questions that are agitating and exciting the coun-
try, in striking contrast with a party based upon
purely sectional grounds and asking support on a
purely sectional platform—a platform aggressive
and hostile in its character, and calculated to un-
dermine and destroy the institutions of the slave
States.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. As I voted for
the Democratic candidate yesterday, I suppose
the gentleman will concede to me the right of ask-
ing him some questions.
Mr. BURNETT. One at a time.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Well, I will ask
one at? a time. He says that if the whole south-
ern Opposition party had voted for General Mill-
son yesterday, it would have resulted in the or-
ganization of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. In my opinion.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Well, it is your
opinion that I want. General Millson received
ninety-six votes. Those of the South Americans
who failed to vote for him were eleven. If he
had got them all, that would have made one hun-
dred and seven votes. PleaSe tell me where the
residue would come from to make up a majority
of the House?
Mr. BURNETT. If all the South Americans
had voted for General Millson, then the votes of
five anti-Lecompton members would have elected
General Millson [Laughter.]
I desire again, this morning, to repeat what I
said last evening, in regard to the imputation on
the Know Nothing party. When my attention
was called to it, I withdrew it. It certainly is not
my purpose, and never has been, to stigmatize
offensively any gentleman on this floor. My col-
league had been speaking of the fact that he was
a member of that party, which had risen on the
rums of both the Whig and Democratic parties;
and I merely desired to call attention to the fact
that those who claimed to be the friends of Henry
Clay, while living, deserted the principles of that
great statesman. That was all. When I used the
language imputed to me, about the " miserable
Know Nothing concern," my intention was to
characterize the party as insignificant 111 numbers,
and as a party which could never, in my judg-
ment, be elevated into a great national conserva-
tive party. And I will say now, that I hope 1 may
never again use any language which may be per-
sonally offensive to any gentleman. That is all
I have to say upon that point.
Now, one more word to my colleague, and I am
through. So far as the principles of the Ameri-
can party are concerned, he knows where I stand;
and so far as the policy of the Democratic party
is concerned, I know where he stands. There is
an impassable gulf between us upon these ques-
tions; but, upon the election of a Speaker of this
House m opposition to the Republican party, I
repeat now—and I wish to be understood as re-
peating it with emphasis—that I am forclectinga
Speaker to fill that chair, who stands out here m
bold relief in opposition to the principles, the pol-
icy, and the views of the Republican party.
Mr. FARNSWORTH resumed the floor.
Mr. TAPPAN. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield the floor to enable me to move that the
House proceed to vote for Speaker*
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire, with
the permission'of the gentleman from Illinois, to
ask the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
a question
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understood the
gentleman from Kentucky to say that he had a
peculiar reason for not voting for Mr. Gilmer* of
North Carolina, upon the ballot on which that gen-
tleman received thirty-six votes; which, added to
the votes thrown by the Democratic party, would
then have organized the House, by the election of
Mr. Gilmer. I also understood the gentleman to
intimate that the reason why he could not vote for
Mr. Gilmer, was because he considered Mr. Gil-
mer, although a large slave-owner, in' the- same
category with Mr. Blair and other gentlemen,
whose peculiar political 
Mr.BURNETT. Oh,no; I said no such thing.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I simply desire
the gentleman to relieve my friend [Mr. Gilmer]
from that imputation.
Mr. BURNETT. I did not mean to say any-
thing of that sort. But the gentleman from North
Carolina gave gentlemen upon this side of the
House no opportunity to vote for him, if we had
desired to do it. Why? Becausc he immedi-
ately withdrew his name. And I confcss, very
frankly, that when I saw the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
others vote for him, 1 believed then and 1 believe
now, thatif the Democrats had gone over and voted
for him, they would have immediately changed
their votes. But the gentleman from North Car-
olina immediately withdrew his name.
Now, I do not mean to place the gentleman
from North Carolina in the same category with
Mr. Clay, Mr. Blair, and other gentlemen "whose
names I mentioned, but I do mean to say this—
and I do not mean to be drawn into a discussion
in reference to it—that my objections to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina applied to him per-
sonally—not as a man, but to his political rec-
ord, which I was not prepared to indorse by voting
for him. There are other reasons; but I do not
propose to be drawninto a discussion of the merits
of any gentleman here for the position of Speaker,
based on his political record.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that I, as a Pennsylva-
nian, voted for the honorable gentleman from
North Carolina for Speaker of this House. I voted
for that gentleman on hits record as a national,
conservative man, standing on the resolutions of
1850, and I would not have changed my vote under
any circumstances. [Applause.]
Mr. BURNETT. Can the gentleman speak
for all who voted with him on that occasion?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I speak for myself alone.
Mr. HALE. I speak for another of those gen-
tlemen. I voted for Mr. Gilmer on the same
ground as my colleague, and I would not have
changed my vote.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I will say to i
the gentleman from Kentucky that whenever the
Democratic party agree to unite on Mr. Gilmer,
1 will unite with them to place him in the chair.
[Applause.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Now, Mr. Clerk,
the great anxiety of our Democratic friends for
an organization of this House by the election of
a national and conservative man is about to be
realized, if they arc honest in the expression of
that desire. I wish to say to the gentleman from
Kentucky that when that vote of northern gentle-
men was cast the other day for my friend, Mr.
Gilmer, I had previously assured myself, by con-
versation with the gentlemen who voted for him,
that they did it in perfect and entire good faith,
and I knew that they intended, let the result be
what it might, to adhere to that position. I am
rel'cvcd, sir, almost from the necessity of saying
anything about that, because spontaneously, in
reply to the interrogatory of the gentleman from*
Kentucky, these frank, national, fair northern
men, who really desire to organize this House,
got up in their places and say they voted for Mr.
Gilmer honestly then, and will do it again.
Mr. NIXON. Will the gentleman from Mary-
land allow me a moment? I desire to say, as one
of the Representatives from New Jersey, who
cast their votes for Mr. Gilmer, that I voted for
him in good faith, and am ready to do it again in
order to place that gentleman in the chair.
Mr. MXLLWARD. As one of the delegation
from Pennsylvania, who voted for Mr. Gilmer,
let mo assure the gentleman from Kentucky and
the House that I did so in pcrfect good faith, and
that I will do so again if the other side will come
to his support.
Mr. SCRANTON. Mr. Clerk, I wish to state
that, being anxious for an organization of this
