3126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
received the largest number of votes. Yet, sir, the
majority report justifies the State, rendering void,
as 1 think, that provision of the Federal Consti-
tution which makes this House the judge of the
election, returns, and qualifications of its own
members. 1 therefore confidently repeat that all
a State board can do is to count the ballots or to
examine the poll-books, and to certify who has
the largest number of votes. A vote received and
recorded by the judges, or one refused by them
in a congressional election, is beyond the correc-
tion by State authority.
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Kentucky will
permit me to say that that is precisely my own
position, and precisely the position which I de-
sire to stand in before this House—that the whole
of the duty of the State board is to count the votes
as they have been returned to them, according to
law; but that this House, and this House alone,
is called upon to go behind that return, and give
to every legal voter his right to vote for and to
be counted for the man of his choice, independ-
ent of any return from the State board. That is
my position,
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, I am very glad to
hear it; but I clearly understood the gentleman
distinctly to maintain that the sitting member
would have had a majority of seven on the face
of- the poll-books, if a correction of all mistakes
upon the poll-books had been made, and, giving
every man who offered to vote at the polls just
exactly such a vote as he desired. This implied
a power to correct the errors of judges, which I do-
med. But 1 come back to the pertinent question
first propounded by me, why the contestant did
not get the certificate instead of the sitting mem-
ber? No man disputes that the poll-books, upon
their face,and as certified by the amended returns
of the county boards, show that the contestant
got a majority of seven votes. Mr. Anderson
himself admits that there was a numerical mis-
take in the majority of the contestant in one
county. The majority of the committee admit it;
but they deny that the county board or the State
board had a right to correct any error made by
the respective county boards as to the true and
exact number of votes shown on the face of the
poll-books to have been cast for the respective
candidates.
Sir, it was the duty of every county board to
inspect and canvass the face of every poll-book.
They did so; but, in consequence of a numerical
mistake of fourteen votes against the contestant,
in Cumberland county, which escaped their ob-
servation in their first scrutiny, Mr. Anderson
received a majority of three. A few days after-
wards this mistake was discovered. It was dis-
covered before the State board had met. It was
discovered before the State board had canvassed
any of the congressional returns, and before any
certificate had been issued. The county board of
Cumberland county discovered a numerical mis-
take of 14 votes, giving the contestant seven ma-
jority over the sitting member; and they cor-
rected that mistake by an amended return. Why
did not the State board acquiesce m, and act in
accordance with, thatcorrected return? They un-
dertook to assume—and the majority of the com-
mittee sustain their action and agree with them—
that this ministerial county board Lad no author-
ity, after the day on which the law requires them
to meet, to correct this return. That is the mon-
strous proposition in political ethics and against
popular right that the majority of this House are
called ""upon now to sustain; that when, on an ex-
amination of the poll-books, the county board,
who are not authorized to give any certificate,
whose only legal function is simply to certify tho
exact vote as shown upon the face of the poll-
books to have been cast in their respective coun-
ties for the several candidates, have innocently or
designedly, accidentally or improperly, made a
false return, it is beyond their power to correct it.
Can this startling legal proposition be true? Is
there any provision in any statute of Kentucky
which tolerates the assumption that any certifi-
cate of the returns of an election by any county
board of examiners is conclusive upon the Stale
board, although it state a falsehood or a fraud?
If so, I demand its production. The verity of the
lecordcd vote upon the poll-books, and a certifi-
cate of that result, is the unquestioned duty im-
posed by the statute of Kentucky on the county
board. It is undoubtedly a mimstcral duty. The
correctness of the true vote as cast becomes the
test of fidelity with which this duty is discharged.
Howdoessuch aboard become functus officio from
merely entering upon the discharge of its duties,
until the responsibility confided to it has been dis-
charged by a certificate of the result as exhibited
upon the face of the poll-pooks? I have always
believed that wherever the law imposed upon an
officer a ministerial duty, to be performed within
a certain time for a public purpose, it has always
been construed as directory only, and though it
were not performed within the prescribed time,
yet if afterwards performed, third parties or the
public could not suffer from the delay.
Is it possible that gentlemen will cavil at a prin-
ciple of law so plain and so well established ? Did
our State board do right in repudiating it ? Are
they sustained by well-established legal precedent
and authority ? I think not. The sitting mem-
ber and the majority seem to think that the high
character of the board should induce us to acqui-
esce in the legalty and propriety of their decis-
ion. 1 cannot concur in this position. The bright-
est and purest judicial luminaries have been
reversed in their decisions. I deny it. I have as
much respect personally for the gentlemen consti-
tuting that board, and as much confidence gener-
ally in their legal abilities, as the sitting member
himself. I know them all personally, and I know
them well. I bear testimony to their high char-
acter, as men and as lawyers. I am equally well
persuaded that their ruling in this case was wrong,
and that their judgments in this matter have been
eclipsed by paify bias. The best lawyers are but
human, ana often err. They ai^ creatures of
human frailty and party impulse. Attorney Gen-
eral Hai lan, a distinguished member of this board,
gave a written opinion, upon the eve of an excit-
ing election, a few years since, when officially
called upon, that a foreigner could not vote in our
State until afk>ra year's residence subsequent to
the time when his naturalization papers had been
issued. That opinion was promulgcd throughout
the State, with the broad impress of the attorney
general's justly earned, official, and professional
reputation; buta case involving this principle was
earned to our appellate court, and the gentleman
knows that the opinion of the attorney general
was repudiated. Yet that did notdetract from the
ability of the attorney general.
But I maintain that this State board themselves
are estopped from denying the position 1 main-
tain, by their former action. 1 say that such was
not their opinion in regard to the election of Wheat
and Bullitt, two years ago In order that I may
not do injustice to these gentlemen,! will read to
the House what their opinion was then. An elec-
tion was held for one of the judges of the appellate
court of Kentucky, and this same board icceived
the several returns from the county board, but
there were several mistakes in these returns, and
the intimation then was by this board that such
amendments could be made. The returns first
sent by the clerk from Hart county stated the
vote to be, for Wheat, 122 votes. It turned out, by
an amended certificate, that a mistake of just 100
votes was made, and that it should have been 222
votes; yet this board received the amended re-
turns, and corrected the mistake accordingly.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I able my col-
league to state whether, in thisinstancc, there were
not two copies made by tho clerk, one sent by
mail and the other by private conveyance; and
whether one did not contain the vote as 322, and
the other as 222; and whether the hoard, ascer-
taining that the latter was correct, did not so cer-
tify it?
Mr. STEVENSON. That makes no difference
whatever, so far as the point under discussion is
concerned. If the county board was functus
officio, they had no athority to change the return
first sent. But a mistake was discovered which
the examiners corrected, and sent Hon to the State
board, which received and allowed the larger in-
stead of the smaller number.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. They did not cor-
rect it at all. Both copies were made out at the
same time, and were, to all intents and purposes,
the same returns. One contained a mistake which
they corrected by the other.
Mr. STEVENSON. My colleague is mistaken.
This is their retold madc'in that case:
" In the copy of the letums first sent by the clerk flom
Ilart county the vote wa<s Mated U> be, tor Wheat 122 votes,
and for Bullitt 39j? vodfe. The corrected copy by the clerk,
and also the certificate by the examiners, shows the vote
to be as above cast, namely, for Wheat 222 votes, and for
Bullitt 396. The first certificate sent from the county of
Nelson stated that the vote was for Wheat 457 votes, and
for Bullitt 621 votes. An amended certificate was sent by
the examiners, which states that there was an error in the
first In omitting to includc the vote in Bloomfield precinct,
No. 3, which7 when given, made the vote as above, namely,
525 votes for Wheat, and 694 votes for Bullitt. A note was
also received from the clerk ot Meade, stating that a mis-
take of twelve votes was made by the examiners against
Mr. Bullitt,in not adding that number to his vote, and that
he would reassemble the examiners and have the correc-
tion made. But sufficient time having clupsed to have the
mistake corrected, if it existed, and as it could in nowise
change the result, the board did not think it expedient to
make longer delay for that purpose."
The first returns from Nelson contained an
error in omitting one entire precinct. The county
board corrected this error by an amended certifi-
cate. How could they do this, if they were func-
tus officio ? Why did the State board receive it?
Was not the reception by this State board of that
amended certificate from the county of Nelson in
direct antagonism with their action m this case?
How does the majority justify this inconsistency ?
I appeal to this House to say, if the Nelson
county board had the right in that case to correct
their count by an amended certificate, why the
county boards had not the same right m this in-
stance? Again, the State board expressly admit
they had waited some time for an amended return
from Meade. Why, if the county board was
functus officio ? Why did the State board wait
for a return that the county board of Meade had
no power to make ? Can any one doubt it would
then have been received? I pause for a reply.
I do not speak to you, gentlemen, as partisans; I
•speak to you as lawyers, as upright men. Here
I have given you one instance where this same
State board very properly, as I think, allowed
amended certificates of the corrected result of the
poll-books to be sent in after the third day after
the election, in the case of an election of appellate
judge. If the principle of functus officio is good
law now, why was it not asserted then? The
elective franchise is a bauble if the action of the
State board is to become an established prece-
dent. Such a rule of decision would disfranchise
every man in every congressional district in Ken-
tucky. I say it cannot be sustained in law. I
say it cannot be sustained in equity. What is
the basis on which they rest their decision? I
quote their decision:
llMcm—The above certificate is based on returns regu-
larly made out and certified by the respective boaids of ex-
aminers on the day fixed by law, and duly returned to the
secretary of State. An amended return was forwarded
from Boyle county certifying that theie was a mistake of
lour votes ngamt-f W. C. Anderson, as appealed by a re-
examination and scrutiny of the poll-books. Appended to
this corrccted return is a statement by the clerk, that after
the examiners had given the certificate of the vote of the
county, he, the clerk, had loaned the poll-books from ills
olfice to some gentlemen, who discovered the error which
is attempted to be corrected, and reported it to the exam-
iners, who, on reexamination, found it was so. After thu,
and after all the returns for the district were in, letteis were
filed with the secretary, stating that the examines of Oum-
beiland county had made a mistake in their ceiuficate of
the vote of that county, and time was n*ked to have it cor-
rected. Thi<J was granted in order that all questions might
be fairly made, and a decision had upon the facts as they
existed. An amended certificate from Cumbeiland county
was accoidmgly foi warded to the secretary, stating that the
vote of W. C. Anderson m that county was 650, and that
of J. S. Chrisman 380. A certificate was also filed fiotn
the county of Adair, stating that there was a clerical mis-
take of one vote against Anderson.
" We have felt constrained, in the exercise of our best
judgment on the proper construction of the law, to reject
all those amended returns, and to issue the certificate ac-
cording to the original returns made to the secietary of
State.
u The law in relation to elections provides that the judges
shall attend to the summing up of the votes, ccrtify the
poll books, and deliver them in a sealed envelope to the
ihcnjf. The same law requnes that each judge shall retain
a duplicate statement of the summing up of his precinct,
which, m a contingency named, may be used as evidence
of the vote, it also requires that the poll books ot the dif-
ferent precincts shall, within two days alter the election,
be deposited by the sheuff with the clerk ot the county
court, and on the next da\ thereafter the hoard of exam-
iners shall compare them, ascertain the correeine^s of the
summing up, and make out three wiitten certificates in the
case of a Representative m Congress, certifying the number
of votes given in the county for each' ot the candidates, one
of which ( ortificates is to be letained in the cJcrk'n office,
another forwarded by mail to the seeretaiy of State, and
the third sent to the secretary by any private conveyance.
We, as a State board, are to act on {he returns thus made,
and make out tupUcate ceitificates of tho^e having tne
highest number of votes; and our functions as examiners
do not more clearly cease when we have made our certifi-
cate of election, than, in our opinion, do those of the county
examiners after they liave certified the full vote of the
