1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House, 1 voted last week, with great pleasure, for
Mr. Gilmer, of North Carolina. I recognized in
him a good protective tariff man. I will cheer-
fully vote for him agam if the gentlemen upon the
other side will come to his support.
Mr. HARRIS-, ofMarylana. These gentlemen
who cast their votes for Mr. Gilmer the other
day comc up frankly and state to the House their
intention and their readiness to do it again.
Mr. BURNETT. Only nine.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Well, sir, nine
will elect; but I am authorized to say to the Dem-
ocratic side of the House that, if nine are not
enough, we can have just as many more as are
necessary to achieve the result. [Applause.]
Mr. GARNETT. I am one of the Democrats
who voted, and voted with pleasure, for a gentle-
man whom I believed to be conservative as to the
Union,^nd (rue to the South—I moan my col-
league, the honorable member from the Harper's
Ferry district of Virginia. I will do so again.
But when I am called upon to select from among
my political opponents a man for whom I will
vote as true to the South, I shall not be guided by
the nomination of the Black Republican party,
headed by Thaddeus Stkiens. [Applause from
the Democratic benches.]
Mr. HASICIN. I was one of the gentlemen
from the North who voted for John A. Gilmer
the other day. Ranked as I have been with the
anti-Lecompton Democracy, I east my vote for
Mr. Gilmer because, during the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, he was persistent in his opposition to
the Lecompton policy of the Administration , and
did all in Ins power to expose its corruptions.
And I say upon this floor, as an anti-Lecompton
Democrat, agreeing with him upon his course
heretofore in Congress, that, if be is presented by
the conservative party of tins House as a candi-
date for Speaker, I will cheerfully vote for him
again. [Applause.]
Mr. BURNETT. I have but one thing to say
in conclusion, and I dessred to say it before the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr Garnett] rose, it
is this: that if thert* were no other reasons that
would prevent mo from giving my support to the
gentleman from North Carolina, there is enough
presented to me, as a man representing the sec-
tion that I do, to prevent me from doing so, in
the fact that the gentleman is sustained by some
of the most prominent loaders of the Republican
party. [Applause from the Democratic benches,
and laughter from the Republicans.]
Mr. HARRIS, ofMarylnnd. Now, Mr. Clerk,
so far as my friend from Virginia is concerned, I
fully admit that he is at liberty to exercise his
good pleasure in the selection of the man he would
vote for. Not only he, but every gentleman has
that right; but the Democratic side of the House
have been continually telling us that the southern
Opposition isbound.by ahi«h national duty,and
not by mere personal gratification or preference.
Nowi I am willing to leave it to the judgment of
the people outside of the House, whether the
reason assigned by my friends from Kentucky
and Virginia for not organizing the House upon
a national man the next ballot, is a sufficient rea-
son.
I say now, in conclusion, that it is an ascer-
tained fact, that with the Democratic vote enough
votes may be thrown upon the next ballot to or-
ganize the House m the person of John A. Gil-
mer, of North Carolina; and I now nominate lum
for Speaker of this House.
Mr. RUST. Will the South Americans, or the
^Americans, agree with the anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrats to furnish a sufficient number of votes rn
addition to the votes of the Democratic party
proper in the House to elect such a man from the
American party as the Democrats shall place in
nomination ?
Mr. '"HARRIS, of Maryland. I cannot, of
course, answer for the anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats.
Mr. RUST. I believe I am perfectly willing
that the gentleman's party shall select any man
on this side of the House for whom they will
bring votes enough to elect, or that they shall
permit us to selcct a man from their party. 1
have not consulted a single moil of the Democratic
party, and om not authorized to speak for any
man but myself. I am willing to vote for any
man of the Democratic party proper that you
will select. If the Democrats nominate a mem-
ber of your party, will you vote for him? Or
will you select a candidate from our party? ,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I fully appre-
ciate the kindness of my friend from Arkansas.
Mr. RUST. It is a fair proposition.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. There is one
thing necessary to make it a fair proposition.
That is, that some of these anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrats should get up and pledge themselves to
furnish the number of votes necessary to elect.
And even then it would not be a fairer proposi-
tion than the one I submit to the House. The
one proposition is dependent on the caprice of
certain gentlemen, who are called anti-Lecompton
Democrats. The other proposition is a fair, open
Freposition, certain of immediate success; and
now put that proposition practically to the test,
by nominating John A. Gilmer for Speaker of
this House.
Mr. RUST. I make this objection to the gen-
tleman's proposition. I will vote for the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Boteler;] but I cannot
vote for the.gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Gilmer,] because he was nominated by the Re-
publican party, with which party I cannot unite.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No, sir; not
nominated by them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH resumed the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. TAPPAN, who moved that the House
vote for Speaker.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved that there be
a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following gentle-
men failed to answer to their names: Messrs.
Asiilkv, Brown, Clark B. Cochrane, Ferry,
Hawkins, Jenkins, Land rum, Stallwortii,
William Stewart, Taylor, and Van Wyck.
Mr. Taiwan's motion, that the House proceed
to another vote for Speaker, was agreed to.
Mr. M1LLSON. Having been put in nomina-
tion for the place of Speaker of this House under
circumstances which I feel to be highly compli-
mentary to me, but without any agency of my
own, I do not know that I can, in any proper
sense, be regarded as a candidate. It may not,
therefore, be either my duty or my privilege to
withdraw my name from the consideration of the
House, or even to offer any suggestions to the
gentlemen who have supported tiie nomination,
and given so flattering a mark of their confidence
m me; but, while I tender to them my warm and
grateful acknowledgments, 1 trust I may be allowed
to express the hope that, in their future efforts to
effect a choice of Speaks, they will consult only
their own sense of public duty, uninfluenced, m
any degree, by any suppose d obligations? of cour-
tesy to me, resulting i'mm that nomination.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have not partici-
pated in this discussion or m anything else that
lias transpired in this House, except to sit and
give my vote. My object is now not to detain
the House a moment but to place in nomination
for Speaker, Joiin G. Davis, of Indiana.
Air. Ckaio, of Missoun, subsequently stated
that he had nominated Mr. Davis, understanding
the geutloman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] to
decline the nomination. Finding thauhe had mis-
undei stood him, he withdrew the nomination of
Mr. DAvib.
EIGHTEENTH BALX.OT 1-OR SPEAKER.
The House pioceeded to an eighteenth ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 223; necessary to a choice,
112; of which—
Mr. Sherman, received 9.5
Mr. Million -9
Mr. Gilmer 
Mr. John G. Davis  4
Mr. Ad ram  3
Mr Briag>  1
Mr. St'jvenaon  1
M.. PhrJp* :  1
Mr. McQueen  1
Mr. Houston    1
Mr Mnclay  J
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam«, Aldrich.
Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bmgham, Blair, Blake, 131 ay ton,
Bufunlon, Burhngame, Burnham, Burroughs BnltcitieUl,
Caicy, Caiter, Case, Coltax, Conklintj, Corwm, Cum*,
Daw'ex. Delano, Dwell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edward*, Eliot,
V.lv, Faor'wouh, Fenton, Fo-'ter, Frank, French, G-ooch.
Giaham,G-row,(i-uriey, Hall, Hehmek, Hoard, Humphrey,
Hutehms, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
•Kenyon, KUgore, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee.Long-
neeker, Loomte, Lovejoy, Marston, MeKeap, McPherson,
Moorhoad, Morrill, Ohn, Palmer, Perry, Pettit,Porter, Pot-
tle, Riee. Christopher Robinson, Royee, Sedgwick, Somes,
Spauldin'g, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayet, Thcaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadvvalader
C. Wa^iibutn, Ellilm B. Wa«hburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Winclom, Wood, and WoodiuftV
For Mr. Millson—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
A&bmoro, Avery, Barksdaie, Bair, Barrett, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Boyce, Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B. Cbik, Clop-
ton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox. Jam^Craig, Bur-
ton Ciaige, Crawford, Cuiry, Davidson, Reuben Davis, De
Jarnette, Dimnnck, Ednmndson, English, Florence, Fouke,
Garnett, Gartreli, Hanuttpn, John T. Harris, Htndman,
llolman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson,t Jones,
Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Love,
MacJav, Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, McQueen, MeRae,
Mile-5, Sydenham Mooie, Niblackj Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Piyor, Reagan, Ruflm, Rust, Scott, Sickles^
Simnis, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenbon, James A.
Stewait, Stout, Thomas, Underwood, Wlutcley, Wirr-Iow,
Woodson, and Wnght. v-
For Mr. Gtimer—Mcs.v.s. Green Adams, William C. An-
dci-on, Botrler, Bouligny,Brab<on, Bnggs, Bristow, Camp-
bell, Covode, H. Winter Davis, Dtheridse, Hale, iWdeman,
J. Morrison Hums, Ilas-kin, Ilatton, Hill, Junkin, James
M. Leach, Mailory, Ma.\ nard, McKnight, Millward, La ban
y.\ Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Nixon, Pennington,
Quartos, Schwartz, Sac ranton, William N. II. Smith, Stokes,
Stratton, Vance, ana Webster.
For Mr: John G. Davis—Messrs. Adrain, Montgomery,
Isaac N. Morris, and Uiggs.
For Mr. Jldtain—Messis. Horace F. Clark, John G.
Davis, and Reynolds. s.
For Mr. Briggs—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr. Stevcneon—Mr. Charles D. Martin.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Millson,
For Mr. McQueen—Mr. Pugh.
For Mr. Houston—Mr. James C. Robinson.
For Mr. Maclay—Mr. Valiandigham.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HARDEMAN said: It is known that I
have during this organization voted against Mr.
Gilmer, because he is not my choice for Speaker
of this House, but believing, from assurances
given me, that he can be elected, and wishing
an organization of this House with a good con-
stitutional man, I vote now for John A. Gil-
mer.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to make a few remarks,
not more than five minutes in length.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois is
untitled to the floor when discussion is renewed,
Mr. KEITT. Then I hope that the House will
proceed to another vote.
Mr. PAIUNSWORTH. I will give way for a
ballot, but for nothing else.
Mr. MORRIS, ofPennsylvama. "Withthe per-
mission of the gentleman from Illinois, who has
yielded for that pkurpot'.e, I move that the House
proceed to another vote for Speaker.
Mr. KEITT. "I will make that motion after
'some five minutes' remarks.
The CLERK. The motion is pending that the
House proceed to a vote.
Mr. KEITT. I will say what I have to say
upon that motion. I am quite as ready as any
member upon this floor to hasten the organization
of this House, and the remarks I shall now sub-
mit will be submitted m good faith. The gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Clark,] yesterday,
said that lie would not tell the House how it could
organize, but he would tell it how it could not
organize. I have no such negative work to per-
form. I wish in good faith to state to the House
how I believe it can be organized, and organized
speedily.
There are now two great parties in this House
—the Republican party, and the Opposition party
Sir, I am hound by strong ties to no party organ-
ization. I go into no caucuses, and J am bound
by no party decisions. 1 act with every man, with
wcry party, upon any measure which 1 believe
will promote the interests of the Republic. I say,
therefore, putting in abeyance for the moment all
minor and subordinate questions, that there are
two great parties upon this floor—the Republican
party, and the party opposed to the Republican
party. The Republican party boldly, defiantly
threw down its gage for the Speakership, and has
come within three votes of an election. The Op-
position to that party has defeated their success.
The Republican party has, I believe, one hundred
and fourteen votes out of two hundred and thirty-
five in this House. I should say one hundred and
fifteen, as the nominee of that party [Mr. Sul.ii-
man] does not vote on the election of Speaker,
though he does vote upon all other questions.
