1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
term—Vittoria, her first President, and Herrera,
at the close of our war with Mexico. But these
happy exceptions can hardly be called such, when
we remember their perils and troubles, their an-
tagonists with pronunciamentos, and their wars
to put down insurgents.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is surely not
in order in discussing the whole Mexican ques-
tion on this motion to refer.
Mr. COX. If my colleague will hear me through,
hG may see the application I intend to make to the
question before us. I do not intend to obtrude
my views. I was advised by the best parliament-
arians here that such a discussion was in order.
I proceed.
The history of this era is but the placement
and displacement of presidents—the march and
countermarch of generals. A President who is
absent from the capital is compelled to fight his
way back to the palacs; when once in the palace,
he has no rest till he marches forth again against
his enemies out of the city. The civilian has con-
tinually a sword in his hand and a foot in the
stirrup. A junta meets in Puebla or Ayutla; and
lo! a new constitution and a new Executive! One
day it is "Meura le General! " the next, if he is
not killed, it is "Viva le General.!" These vicis-
situdes continue for more than a quarter of a cen-
tury— nay, for a half century: from the first
struggle, in 1809—with not five consecutive years
of repose. The fields of Mexico have been fer-
tilized with the blood, bone, and muscle of her
children. Intestine feuds, more infuriate than for-
eign invasions, have disturbed her prosperity and
broken her hopes. During this period, she was
twice attacked by Spain, once by Prance, and
once conquered by the United States. Yet, with
her marauding Indians, her thieving leperos, her
internal feuds, and her foreign invasions, hci en-
ergy has been wonderfully recuperative, and her
resources seem inexhaustibly bountiful. What
might she not become, under a liberal protection
given to her industry, her commerce, and her
property!
Our third epoch opens on the 5th of February,
1857, when, at an extraordinary Congress called
for that purpose—and nemine conlradicente—the
present constitution was adopted. Comonfort be-
came its Executive. His policy, which was that
of a trimmer between the two parties, led to his
vacating the post on the 11 th of January, 1858.
By the seventy-ninth article of the constitution,
the president of the supreme court of justice be-
came the President of the Republic, fomto Jua-
rez then held the presidency of the supreme bench,
and became de jure chief Executive of the nation.
Before Juarez could assume his functions at the
capital, Felix Zuloaga, under the "plan of Tacu-
baya," proclaimed liy a body of soldiers who had
the venality, without the dignity of the Roman
Pretorians, usurped the office of President. Force
drove Juarez from State to State, until he found
himself compelled to fly for his life around the
Isthmus of Panama to Vera Cruz, where he now
administers his office with a cabinet of unsurpassed
intelligence and patriotism. He demanded the
allegiance of the various States, and he received
it from all, except a few in the valley and neigh-
borhood of Mexico. I shall show that he still
retains that allegiance; aijd that notwithstanding
all the changes of the contest since the summer of
1858, ho is President in fact as well as in form.
In November, 1858, Zuloaga was deposed by
the same power which had set him np—a usurp-
ation aided by mercenary troops, mercenary
merchants and mercenary ministers. One of his
Generals, Miguel Miramon, young, impetuous,
successful, and more pliant to the p.urposes of
the masters of the capital, supersedes Robles,
who had for two days usurped the usurping Zulo-
aga's power.
For the past year these parties have not changcd
their i-elative strength a great deal, either with re-
spect to the various States or their military occu-
pation. We have bulletin after bulletin announc-
ing the Liberals defeated here, the Centralists
there. Miramon defeats Degollada atQ.ueretaro,
but he loses as he leaves this and that city behind
him, in his forward march. When Miramon
leaves Mexico to threaten Vera Cruz, a half doz~>
cn generals move toward Mexico to threaten it.
I said, a year ago, that Juarez had a majority of
the States and nine tenths of the people. He had
more, and he has retained all that he had. Let me
try and give a clear picture of this Mexican " sit-
uation" by figures and facts, corrected by close
observation. From it, will be seen that Miramon
is confined mainly to three central States—Q,ue-
retaro, Puebla, and Mexico—with a temporary
and violent occupation of a few places outside. All
the coast and frontier, with the custom-houses and
ports, are held by Juarez. From these are the
revenues. Thereare eight of these custom-houses
on the Gulf, five on the Pacific, and eight on the
frontier. No merchandise, silver, or bullion can
enter or depart from the country, unless by smug-
gling or by consent of the Juarez government.
Miramon is hemmed into a small area, and is
supported, willingly, but by a very inconsidA-a-
ble population. Let me present the condition of
things, as they now are, in a tabular form:
• States.
Aguasoalicntcs.
Coaliulla 
Chiapas 
Chihuahua....
I) u ran go 
Guanajuato....
Guerrero 
Jalisco 
Mexico 
Michoacan....
Nuevo Leon...
Oajaco 
Puebla 
Q-ucrrtaro....
San Luis Potosi
Sinaloa 
Sonoia 
Tabasco 
Tamaulipas.
Vera Cruz 
Yucatan 
Zacatocas 
L'r California..
Cohma 
Isle of Carmen.
Sierra Goida...
Teliuantepec...
Tlaxcala 
Population.
Miramon. Juarez.
800,000
820,000
1,520,000
680,000
170,000
3,990,000
90,000
70,000
180,000
160,000
140,000
270,000
600,000
150,000
550,000
400,000
160,000
140,000
70,000
100,000
380,000
450,000
320,000
12,000
70,000
12,000
50,000
90,000
100,000
4,504,000
Square leagues.
Miramon. Juarez
1,545
S,324
3,271
1,733
869
15,742
381
7.947
2,598
11,015
6,744
4,451
3,453
4,216
3,288
3,914
4,690
13,940
1,719
4,219
3,501
6,801
3,86*2
276
607
8,437
1,743
364
435
99,200
It will be seen that I have given Miramon five
States of small area, but of comparatively dense
population. I have given Miramon Guanajuato
and Jalisco, because he holds their capitals, now
threatened by his enemies. I have given Miramon
Puebla and Gtueretaro, although Juarez holds
some of the towns in each. It would be fair
(especially as even one town of Mexico, Toluca,
is held bv Juarez, and as some towns in Vera
Cruz are held by Miramon, and as he is beleag-
uering its capital by his forces) to divide these
first four States between the parties.
This would leave in the hands of Juarez, States
having 5,235,000 population, and 1,044.35 square
leagues; against Miramon, 2,705,000 population,
and 105.07 square leagues; leaving 2,530,000 of
population, and 939.28 of square leagues in favor
of Juarez, on a fair computation.
But this geographical and popular element in
his favor is utterly useless for government in a
country where rapine is the rule and order the
exception, unless Juarez is aided by extraneous
force and means. I am assured of the fact that
he is able to hold his own, including Vera Cruz;
while Miramon, since he has left the capital, holds
it, if at all now, by a precarious tenure. The
rumoris, thatMarquez and Woll have pronounced
against him, and for Santa Anna.
We are apt to draw our analogies from France,
and argue that as Paris is held so is France; that
the revolution of the capital is that of the empire.
But the analogy does not hold. France is a cen-
tralized Power; Mexicoa federative Government.
Our own nation will serve as a better illustration.
It would hardly follow that a usurper holding
Washington city and parts of Maryland and Vir-
ginia and Delaware, with no sea-ports, no custom-
houses, no revenues, nothing but the regular sol-
diers of the District, could be called the Govern-
ment de facto, while all the rest of the country
preserved the form, spirit, and functions of the
Federal Government at Cincinnati or New Or-
leans. Nor would the recognition of such a Gov-
ernment, by France or England, make it, de facto,
the Government. In Mexico, France and Eng-
land have hitherto held the Central junta to fee
the Government dp. facto. Their ostensible reason
is, that it is at the capital. England, however, is
about to withdraw such recognition, inasmuch as
she has found it utterly irresponsible, cruel, ra-
pacious, tyrannical, ana barbarous towards her
Jqwn citizens, even as it has been towards Amer-
ican citizens.
But it may be asked, "if the Juarez Govern-
ment is so strong in area of territory, population,
sea-coast and frontier, why "does it not vindicate
its superiority by taking the capital and stop-
ping these depredations on foreign and domes-
tic interests, lives, and liberty?" This question
deserves a fair answer. One answer.is, that the
minority are richer than the majority. * ltvcan
buy the Pretorians. The spurious government is
enabled to raise money, because it has intrigued
with the French Minister, Gabriac, and with the
former English Minister, Otway, who were the
tools of speculators and bankers. Consequently
avarice and greed have beaten patriotism and
honesty. The national securities of Juarez go
unguarantied into the market, and bring only a
nominal per cent; while the Central securities,
guarantied b^ foreign conventions, enable that fac-
tion to borrow at a fair per cent. Thus have the
Centralists kept up their army, corrupted lead-
ers and generals, and swept over the land, leav-
ing behind them nothing but insecurity, anarchy,
and devastation. What towns or cities they hold
is by force and fear; not fealty and respect. With
all these advantages to the Central government,
the nation is not with them. The Constitutional
party has been defeated at several important pointsv
it is true—in April last, before the city of Mex-
ico, and in November last, near Glueretaro.
they now hold all of the northern half of Mex-*
ico, and more than half of the southern portion.
They have made themselves masters of the entire
Pacific coast, including San Bias, which Miramon
held for a while. They have successfully re-
sisted Miramon's attack on Vera Cruz; and will
resist successfully his present attack, if they do
not also wrest the capital from him, while he is
attempting to take VeraCruz. This rightful gov-
ernment will maintain itself in the field, as it can
in the forum of the lex gentium, against the inciv-
ism and outrages of its opponents. *
Which government is the one for our recogni-
tion and support? That is easily determined from
what I have said. Mr. McLane, in April last,
thus determined. He has given it a practical so-
lution by the treaty now before the Senate.
TJic present Administration displays a wise,
cautious, and just statesmanship, in urging the
ratification of the treaty. It has been made with
great care and anxiety. The President is reported
to have said that the salvation of Mexico depends
upon its ratification. I believe it, with all the
earnestness of studious conviction.
That treaty concedes to us a safe transit and
right of way across Mexico on three lines; one
across the Isthmus of Tehuantepee, and the other
two from our boundary to Guaymas and Mazat-
lan. It authorizes us to lend the naval and mili-
tary forces of this Government to the Constitu-
tional authorities, at-their expense, in order to
execute the treaty. Thus we are, in the language
of international law, " souverains par indivis,"
with the Juarez government, and with power to
execute the right. This power, if executed, will
end these convulsions of Mexico. By a territo-
rial abnegation, Mexico has given us a foothold
upon her soil which cannot be used but for her
peace, development, and prosperity.
If this House will butobserve the articles placed
upon the free list by that treaty, they will per-
ceive the ample scope of intercourse which it offers
to every part of our country.' The Ohio farmer
will feel it in theenhanced price of his provisions,
as well as the planter of cotton on the Gulf, whose
great staple will find a larger market. The iron
interest of the Middle States, and the manufac-
turing interest of New England, are alike the re-
cipients of its results. We may regain the trade
with Mexico which we had from 1830 to 1840,
when $46,000,000 were exported thither, against
only $18,000,000 from 1840 to 1850! We will do
more. Since then, we have carved out anempire
on the Pacific; and the far Orient of China and
Japan has given us treaties of interchange. Our
commerce from Mexico, being unburdened with
transit duties, will go north to our possessions
on the Pacific, south along the South American
