THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
down a majority of th6 votes of the fourth con-
gressional 'district of Kentucky, fairly given to
the<ctait6Btaat, and thus deprive him of his jcirivi-
as our peer and the accredited and fairly
elected Representative of that people, they will
strike a greater blow at the elective franchise, and
at the freedom of elections, than ever can or will
be struck in any country professing to be free.
In the name of justice and of right, I warn you
to beware before you give your sanction to so
colossal a wrong. What party end can justify it?
Why not correct fraud or mistake everywhere ?
Why sanction an official falsehood under the at-
tempted semblance of law? Why refuse to any
officers the right to correct wrong and fraud when-
ever and wherever committed? You reply, that
after three days the county board \s functus officio.
1 confidently deny it. 1 say that where a min-
isterial duty is enjoined by statute, it is directory
merely, and if it be done, though done after the
day, it is corrfectly done; and the public, whose
interests are involved, shall not suffer from it. I
say that legal proposition is as old as the com-
mon law itself. Again, I say that there are a
hundred election cases in which this direct ques-
tion is adjudicated upon, and this report of the
majority of the committee is in direct antagonism
with them all.
Mr. Speaker, I maintain that this House is the
exclusive judge of the election, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members. If this be tru^,
how could the State of Kentucky possess the con-
stitutional right to constitute a board" competent
to pass on the correctness of votes recorded on
the poll-books, or make any correction of them J
When a vote is received or a ballot deposited for
a Representative in Congress, it is beyond State
authority. A county board examines the poll-
books to see who has received the largest number
of votes, and certify the correct transcript of the
result as shown on the poll-books. They pos-
sess no authority to pass upon the validity of any
Vote recorded on sucn poll-books. They have no
power to pass on the conduct of the judges in re-
ceiving or refusing votes, and consequently not
the semblance of authority to add to or subtract
from the exact number of votes shown on the
poll-books to have been cast for each candidate,
for an assumed error committed by the judges of
election in that particular. No, sir; thoir'functions
were ministerial, not judicial. Their duties were
not ended until the period had elapsed fixed by
law for the transmission by them to the State
board of the exact state of the vote in every
oountyin the fourth congressional district. They
were to assemble on the third day after the elec-
tion. If they had not finished on that day, or the
next, could they not have continued from day to
day until their duties were completed ? How does
the fact of a return made by them limit or ex-
tend the time for completing their examination ?
They made a return, on the third day after the
election, of what they believed was the true state
of the poll-books, but which, in Cumberland,
Adair, and Boyle, turned out to be a false return.
The county boards in these counties amended it
before the State board met, so as to exhibit the
truthful result of their examination. Why was
not this power vested in them ? Did a false re-
turn, did a failure to perform their duty, make
them functus officio ? How could the State board
properly act on a false return ?
Mr. DAWKS. The only difference between
the majority of the committee and the gentleman
is right at this point. The committee agree per-
fectly, except at this point: whether the county
board have all the time between the day of elec-
tion and the meeting of the State board to correct
any mistakes. Now, the law of Kentucky, as it
appeared to us, was plain; and it gave them only
a specified time, and within that specified time
they were to look over and correct all mistakes,
and then make their returns to the State board.
We were of opinion that after they had done that,
and the time had expired, they could do no more
than come to the State board, and that it was the
duty of the State board to examine and correct
all mistakes which appeared upon the returns of
the county officers made within their respective
time; and that the results,as appeared from those
respective returns, were to constitute "prima facie
evidence only upon which the certificate is given.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I re-
joice that my friend and myself have reached a
tangible issue. He says the committee think
that the law prescribed the time for making the
returns. Why, the law is as plain as a pike-staff.
There is no limitation of time. There is not a
day named. How could he have fallen into such
an error ? I will read the law, and leave it to the
House to say what its language and proper con-
struction is. Here is the law which prescribes the
duty of the county board:
"After an election for Governor, lieutenant governor,
or other officers elective by the votes of the whole State,
or for judges of the court of appeals, clerk of that court,
circuit judge, Commonwealth's attorney, Representative in
Congress, &c., it shall be the duty of the board of exam-
iners of poll-books for each county, immediately after the
examination of the poll-books, to make out three or more
ceitificates in writing, over their signatures, of the number
of votes given in the county for each of the candidates for
any of said offices. Oncot the certificates shall be retained
in the clerk's office, another the cletk shall send by the
next mail, under cover, to the secretary of State at Frank-
fort. and the other he shall transmit to the secretary by any
private conveyance the clerk may select, ftee of cost."
Here the duty en joined on this ministciial board,
was, "after an examination of the poll-books, to
make out three or more certificates in writing of the
number of votes given in the county for each of
the candidates." Was this duty fulfilled until the
number was ascertained ? Was there any limit
of time, save the period of the meeting of the
State board ? They had a right to all the time till
the fourth Monday in August, if so much was
required, to make the examination complete and
truthful.
Mr. DAWES. I will read, with thcgcntleman 's
permission, from the statutes of Kentucky, on
page 288. Section two provides that—
" Within two days after an flection the sheriff shall de-
posit with the clerk of the county eouit the poll-books of
the different precincts; on tin? next day the board shall
meet in the clerk's office between ten and twelve o'clock
in the mottling, compare the polls,, ascettain the correct-
ness of the summing up of the votes, and give tiipheate or
more wutten ccitihcaios of election,over their signatures,
of thot-e who have received the highustnumberof votesfor
any office exclusively within the gift of the voters of the
county—one copy of the certificate to be retained in the
elcrk'  ollk-e, anotlici delivered to each of the persons
elected, and the other forwarded to the secretary ot State,
at Frankfort. For offices not within such gift,'they shall
give duplicate or more wutten certificates, over their sig-
nature*, ol the number of votes g.ven ui the county toeaeh
person voted fot, partieulauzmg therein the precinct at
which the votes were given—one copy to be ictatncd in
the clerk's office, and the other deliveied to the sheriff.''
So far as the law has anything to do with it,
the act prescribes specifically the time. It pre-
scribes that this shall bo done on the next day,
between the hours of ten and twelve o'clock.
My friend supposes cases of fraud, cases of theft,
and the like, i have only to say, in regard to
that supposition, that fraud vitiates everything.
Nobody is going to count a poll-book that has
been in the hands of a thief, or in the hands of a
man for the purpose of committing a fraud. You
must go behind that, and to the voter himself.
Mr."STEVENSON. " 1 thank thee, Jew,for
teaching mc that word." I thank my friend for
reading the entire provision. I appeal to the
House to say whether his position is sustained, or
whether he has shown any limitation of time.
His own law puts him out of court. They shall
meet two days after the election. Yes. They shall
meet between the hours of ten and twelve o'clock.
Yes. They shall meet to discharge that duty.
Yes. When are they to close? Within a day?
Within a week? No, sir. They are to report the
exact state of the poll-books, under their hands,
to the State board, by the fouith Monday after
the election, and they have a right and are bound
to continue their examination until this official
duty is fully performed. How could a false cer-
tificate abridge the time, and how could a failure
to make a correct certificate condemn them functus
officio ? I repeat, then, that the gentleman has
signally failed to show what he promised, that the
statute of Kentucky limits the tune. Failing in
that, it would seem to follow, that he ought to
acknowledge his error and come to our support.
Mr. Speaker, I am at a loss to see how legal gen-
tlemen can differ about so plain a proposition. I
am amazed that the majority of this committee,
composed as it is of abie and distinguished law-
yers, do not see the dangerous consequenccs and
mischievous results which must follow the doc-
trine that the public rights and representative priv-
ileges of innocent third parties are to suffer and
become dependent on the performance of minis-
terial duties by county officers on a particular
day! The assumption is as novel as it is alarm-
ing. I speak with great deference to my colleagues
on the committee. It is wholly unsustained by
reason or authority. In support of this statement,
I beg to refer to recognized legal authority:
"In the People, ex ui. Benton vs. Vail, 20 Wend., 15,
the canvassers of clcction setdown on the canvass that the
number of votes given to each candidate for the office of
county clerk ; but in making the certificate, on the 8th of
November, 1837, they omitted to state how many votes
were given for each candidate. On the 14th of November
the mistake was discovered, and a new certificate granted;
which certificate, if admitted, elected the relator. The
court held the first certificate was not conclusive, and the
relator entitled to the office. To the same effect will be
found The People vs. Alien, 6 Wend., 486, and eases cited ;
Pond vs. Negas, 3 Mass., 230; Marchant vs. Langworthy,
6 Hill,646, The People vs. Holley, 12 Wend., 481 ; Jack-
son, ex dern. Hooper vs. Young, 5 Covven, 269; Striker tw.
Kelly, 7 Hill, 9; The People vs. Peck, 11 Wend., 604; The
Mohawk and Hudson R. R. Co., 19 Wend., 143; Colt us.
Eves, 12 Cowen, 243, 253, 955, and cases cited ; Holland
vs. Osgood, 8 Vermont, 280; Trueheart vs. Addicks, 3
Texas, 217."
So, too, I beg the attention of the House to a
more recent case of The People vs. Cook, (4Fel-
den, 67,) where the whole subject is fully dis-
cussed and the authorities collected. I have shown
that there is no limitation of time prescribed by
the statute of Kentucky, save the meeting of the
State board, on the fourth Monday after the elec-
tion, for the county boards to make the examina-
tion of the poll-books, and certificate the result
of their examination to the State board. The au-
thorities cited fully sustain my position that the
failure of a ministerial officer to perform a public
duty, directed by law to be performed on a par-
ticular day, if performed afterwards, cannot affect
the public or innocent thiid parties. It clearly
follows that the amended returns fiom Cumber-
land, Boyle, and Adair were piopcrly made; and
as they were forwarded before the State board
met, should have been received, and the certificate
issued to contestant. A different doctrine would
sap the whole foundation on which our represent-
ative structure of Government rests. It would
place property, honor, and life in the keeping of
mere ministerial agents, clothed with the execu-
tion of the law. The accredited and chosen Rep-
resentative of the people can be deprived of his
seat by trick, fraud, or mistake. 1 have, there-
fore, been pained and astonished to hear gentle-
men proclaim on this floor that if a mistake was
made by a county board in certifying the state of
the polls, and a later certificate correcting or
exposing the fraud or mistake was sent to the
State board—who, upon the true statementof the
polls, were bound to issue their certificate of elec-
tion—that that certificate should not have been
received or acted on by the State canvassers, but
a certificate issued, on a false return, to one who
had not received a majonty of the votes cast, as
shown on the poll-book. In this case the State
board had not met, and had not discharged the
duty imposed upon them when those amended
returns were received. Are Representatives will-
ing to face their constituencies, and rest their
action in thus fettering their right on such flimsy
technicalities ?
Mr. GOOCH. Perhaps the gentleman from
Kentucky will now let me propose to him a ques-
tion. It is this. If I understand the matter cor-
rectly, the laws of Kentucky prescribe exactly
how the poll-books should be kept, till such time
as they are delivered over to the examiners—until
they make out their certificates. Now, I want to
ask the gentleman if he would deem it a safe pre-
cedent, under such circumstances, to take a poll-
book which had been m the hands of a thief, and
on that poll-book issue a certificate ?
1 wish to say one other thing. These men met
at a certain time. The law does not prescribe the
time within which they shall perform the duty that
has been assigned them. They have such time as
they may elect; but having performed that duty
once, I say they are then fundus officio, without
regard to time. They have done precisely what
the law contemplated they should do, and then
the poll-honks pass into the hands of other par-
ties, where they are thrown open to the inspection
of the public; and it seems to me that it would
not be safe to allow these officers, after delivering
the poll-books into the hands of other parties, to
take them back and reexamine them, and make a
new certificate.
Mr. STEVENSON, The gentleman does not
understand the law, or he would never have put
that question. The returns are never intrusted
