•1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
coast, and westward to this Orient—the* golden
Cathay of Columbus—where our enterprise can
play upon every key of traffic, and touch upon
every spring of intercourse. Thus will be returned
to Mexico, through our agency, that affluent com-
merce which, in her early colonial day, made A'ca-
pulco the V enice of the New World, and the stately
galleons of Cadiz the armada of the world's envy,
and an empire's pride! That treaty was the res-
pite, or rather the life warrant to Mexico. I trust
it may be confirmed by the Senate, as it is by the
good'sense of the country. I am ready, as one
of the Representatives of the people, to vote the
$4,000,000 required to give us the foothold at the
railroad oceanic termini. I look upon that foot-
hold as not only preventive of all European inter-
ference, but, if you please, as the thin end of an
entering wedge into Mexico. It is the herald to
a circuit of empire all round the Gulf by the magic
of a steam marine; and to a coronation of new
States to this Federation, whose wealth and bril-
liancy will far outshine the gold of California and
the silver leads o.f Washoe!
It was urged as an objection against the acqui-
sition of Texas that the commercial emporium of
the New World would be transferred from New
York to New Orleans. How ill-founded were these
fears! The freedom and expansion of our com-
merce, and the acquisition of territory, have only
magnified and glorified New York; and a similar
enlargement would have the same result to-day.
New York is the nation's commcrcial center and
heart; and anything that affects her, affects the
minutest nerve at the extremity of the Republic.
If adversity visits the South or North, East or
West, New York feels it. The present treaty
would add another element to its wealth, power,
and greatness.
Two millions of the four are to be in trust for
the satisfaction of the claims of our citizensagainst
Mexico. These claims can never be adjusted,
much less paid, under either of the Mexican Gov-
ernments, unless Mexico parts with some valu-
able interests, by which she can raise what ought
to be paid to our citizens.
It is a shame upon the American name among
the Spanish republics, that our citizens are utter-
ly remlSiless for all their wrongs, suffered at the
hands of these weak and irresponsible powers.
Especially in Mexico have we causes of com-
plaint for outrages the most atrocious, and butch-
erics the most bloody and treacherous. In draw-
ing the picture of this mutilated Republic before
an American Congress, that part reserved for the
American citizen in Mexico requires the largest
place and the darkest shadows. These outrages
are partly owing to the false and prejudicial state-
ments everywhere circulated against our name,
since the Mexican war, by the Monarchical party.
Since the McLane treaty, these stories hare re-
ceived the rarest toudies of Mexican braggado-
cio. As a consequence, the wildest denuncia-
tions of American citizens are indulged in; so
that no respect is shown, or protection given,
by any class, even to the official representatives
of our country, where the Miramon government
predominates. Not even where the Juarez gov-
ernment holds sway is there that safety and pro-
tection to our interests demanded by international
law. One year ago I was compelled'by the facts
to picture Mexico as debilitated, helpless, bleed-
ing, dying—as a land of rapacity, crime, chaos,
craft, license, and brutality; indolence only active
to wrong, and industry quickened only to vice;
laws made for their infraction, and order estab-
lished to be contemned. Mountain then cried
unto valley for relief; and from hacienda to city
went up the wail of despair. This was unhappy
Mexico, in whose fate no nation can ever have the
interest we have till such a nation conquer us. I
was compelled then to ask the question, Who shall
intervene ? And now, with more earnest emphasis,
I ask again: if we do not, who will intervene ?
Since then, this picture has received added tints
of gloom, and more bloody hues of horror. It
should be painted by a Rembrandt in chiaro-os-
curo. Let me hold it to the light, if it is not too
appalling! Tillages deserted; cities in terror and
dismay; farms in ruin; the arriero no longer drives
his loaded mule; the vaquero finds no field safe
enough for liis lazy life, amid his herds and flocks;
families in mourning, orphanage and misery ; gib-
bets erected at each cross-road; death-crosses lining
the highways; a torrent of blood flowing froin
cowardly assassination; prisons choked with their
rotting victims; the leperos prowling for human
prey; guerillas scouring the country; and the
ruins thereof only hidden by the rank \veeds and
luxuriant parasites which the rich land has pro-
duced as a garment to cover the shame, confu-
sion, neglect, spoliation and decay. Another year,
and the skeleton Famine will stalk through this
land. Since last year, the semblance of respect to
American and foreign residents has been thrown
off. The thin guise and specious pretext are no
longerexhibitedas the apology for crime, rapacity,
and wrong. Do you want instances ? Read the
cruel murder of Chase, to which the President re-
fers. Whatenormity can equal itin diabolical craft
and cruelty? Go to Tacubaya, with that blood-
spotted Marquez—the Nena Sahib of Mexico—as
its butcher. From that scene of cowardice and car-
nage, if from no other, rises the cry of vengcance
against the blood-hounds who tore from the sick
couch of the hospital the humane American and
English physicians, and, amid horrible execra-
tions, which made hell laugh, took the lives which
were dedicated to the sublime and Christ-like du-
ties of hsaling and kindliness. A brilliant young
surgeon from my own district—a son of my Dem-
ocratic predecessor, Dr. Olds—was one of the
victims of that Mexican butchery; from which
no employnrent, however benignant, could ex-
empt the American citizen. "Were I a Mexican,
as I am an American," I would, as the first act
of returning justice and order, make inquisition
for blood at the hands of these butchers of Tacu-
baya. Degollada, by his orders of the 17th of
April, recited these cold-blooded and merciless
assassinations, and declared that all officers of the
enemy, taken in arms, should be executed imme-
diately. This is a bloody index to the character
of the war. The superintendent of that massa-
cre, Daza y Arguelles, happily for even Mexi-
can humanity, was taken prisoner by Caravajal,
in December last, was shot, and his disfigured
body hung up for the hootings of even a Mexican
rabble.
Lately, in the palace of Miramon, Marquez,
while there as a guest, had the brutality to strike
down the old French lady, Madame Gourges, for
enacting the part of Florence Nightingale at this
massacre. That same Marquez has since been
imprisoned, by the jealousy of Miramon, along
with hundreds of other, but better men, who are
now dying in the prisons of Mexico, or working
in its presidio with ball and chain. It is to be
hoped Marquez will meet with his reward.
Go to Zacatecas, where the Central chief, Gen-
eral Woll, has been imitating Coronadaand Rojos
at Tepic, by filching all the money he could from
foreign merchants, and inflicting all the horrors
he could upon the English and American victims !
After imposing all sorts of new taxes, and making
the merchants repay to him all the duties ana
taxes of the preceding thirteen months, he re-
sorted to imprisonment and death as the means
of enforcing his detestable avarice. He even
threatened the British Consul for not complying
with his demands. This same General Woll
sends the conducta to the Pacific coast from Zaca-
tecas. It has in its care some four million dol-
lars, the hard earnings of English and American
residents. It pays the duty on its departure; it
reaches Guadalajara; there Marquez robs it of
$600,000, and justifies this grand larceny by the
necessity of his situation and his services to the
cause of good government! Meanwhile the other
brigand, Miramon, decrees another forced loan—
one per cent, more upon capitals, "por una sola
vez"—only for this once, to lull the foreigner and
tax-payer into the belief that this is the last one
of six compulsory loans since the third epoch
began! Englishmen, Americans, and other for-
eigners are forced to pay the expenses of the very
system of extortion by which they are crucified
between these thieves of Mexico. Take the best
view of this anomalous condition of the two g°v~
ernments, which even confounded Lord John Rus-
sell. Juarez collects the customs duties at Vera
Cruz, which Miramon pledges to foreign nations.
The export duty on the staple product, silver, is
collected by Miramon in the interior, and rc-col-
lected by Juarez on the coast. Neither govern-
ment has the means to support itself without
either spoliation or extraordinary exactions, or
by the barter of valuable rights and interests.
Would that I could catalogue the crimes of this
cursed cabal at the capital. But where begin?
Where end? Shall I begin with the murder of
poor Crabbe and his COmpanions? Or of Ormond
Chase, by Marquez? Or of the American officer
taken prisoner with Alvarez, at Gtueretaro ? _ Or
the imprisonment and assassination of political
offenders, by Corona, at Zacatecas, Cordova,
Jalapa, and Orizaba? How can I rehearse the
robberies so common all over this doomed land?
The violation of flags of truce; the destruction of
haciendas; the Indians flying before these rapa-
cious soldiers like a herd of mustangs ? Or of
Bombastes Cortinas, who derisively and defiantly
steals the United States mails, and hangs them,
with the riddled bodies of the Americans, on the
trees near his fort, above Brownsville; plays both
judge andjury on American citizens, withm eight
miles of Fort Brown, where he lately made his
ranch the nest of his robbers and their plunder?
These are but isolated acts, involving, it is true(
loss of life, liberty, and property, by Americans.
But there are more important transactions, show-
ing an overruling necessity for our prompt inter-
ference. Let ine give you one. Juarez holds Vera
Cruz, and receives the revenues. His government
is notrecognized by France; butthe French Min-
ister, Gabriac, by threatening Yera Cruz with
French guns, compelled Juarez to pay off the
French debt of $1,000,000. Recently we hear that
an addition of $460,000 of this old paid-ofF French-
convention debt is to be enforced against the rev-
enues of the Yera Cruz government. This ad-
dition is the result of Gabriac's reclamation for
French moneys stolen from the conducta by this
same robber government at the capital, which Ga-
briac smiles upon. Gabriac and his bankers are
to get their per cent., if he can only use the French
fleet at Vera Cruz, while Miramon beleaguers it
by land. If,by French aid, Miramon takes Vera
Cruz, what then becomes of our American inter-
ests and citizens there ? Is it Tacubaya over again ?
Forced loans, pillage, rapine, and murder?
Already since Miramon began his march to-
wards Vera Cruz, before he had reached the tier-
ras calientes, the constitutional bands were prowl-
ing through the central States, making reprisals
upon the property of wealthy Spaniards, ana upon
the conducta under the protection of Miramon's
government. Already the same scenes of a year
ago, when Miramon threatened Vera Cruz, are
again transpiring. Our Rio Grande frontier is
desolated with fire and sword, from Tamaulipas
to Chihuahua. Texas, through Governor Hous-
ton, is asking the President for Federal aid to pro-
tect our citizens. He is eager to give peace to
the frontier,and, by a practical protectorate, some
repose and security to northern Mexico. Only
last month, Chihuahua was overrun by one of
Miramon's generals, Cosen, with a band of par-
doned felons. The grossest outrages on women
and men were perpetrated. The Americans were
driven out, and were compelled to leave a million
dollars' worth of property at the mercy of the
robbers. They sent in vain to Fort Smith for •
our troops. Their authorities joined in the re-
quest for our intervention, but in vain. Cosen,
with a thousand cut-throats, is marching towards
its capital. You can picture the pillage which will
result!These are facts just brought to us by
Mr. McManus, of my own State, who was com-
pelled to leave his home and interests in Mexico.
And now, if Vera Cruz too be endangered, who
is there that will not hail the star-spangled ban-
ner flying from the battlements of San Juan de
Uloa, as a triumphant emblem of the victory of
commerce and civilization over craft and barbar-
ism?
Recently I have seen that the Miramon gov-
ernment, in their stress, have put into the market
a new batch of bonds. Mexico is to be saddled
by this Government with §15,000,000 more of
debt, which, added to the $80,000,000 created
in July last, by Miramon's scheme, will make
$95,000,000 of paper debt, foisted on beggared
Mexico in five months? Besides this, there are
millions of contracts and reclamations unsecured,
arising out of spoliations of foreigners. T o these is
to be added the debt of Mexico, foreign and domes-
tic, ascertained in April, 1857, to be $96,801,275,
of which $63,382,105 is secured by a certain per-
centage on the revenues of Mexico, to the Eng-
lish and other bondholders. Then add the mil-
lions on millions of ruin heaped on this country
by these ambitious and rapacious chiefs, not alone
