2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
The resolution was read by its title, as follows:
Resolution (S. No. 27) authorizing the settle-
ment of the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late
commissioner of the United States to run and1
mark the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the resolution
being put on its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the resolution be read
first, and I am sure it will appear satisfactory.
The resolution was read.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
adjust the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late com-
missioner of the United States, under the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to run and mark a bound-
ary line between the United States and Mexico,
on a principle just, fair, and equitable to the said
John R. Bartlett, and to the United States, in con-
formity with the usage in such cases.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the resolution
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island." I hope it
will not be referred. It will take but a short time
to pass it; it does not make any appropriation
whatever.
Mr. MAYNAND. There is a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior among the papers which
would show the merits of this case. ,
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to its being put on
its passage. It makes an appropriation, and the
objection of any one member can prevent its be-
ing considered in the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am aware of that; but I
hope no gentleman will object.
Mr, CONKLING. I insist upon my motion.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
OWNERS Off SCIIOONBR MARY ELIZABETH.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
* mittee on Commerce, reported a bill for the relief
of Thomas Young and George Young, owners of
the schooner Maiy Elizabeth; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
CAPTAIN QUIGLEY's COMPANY.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting to the officers, musicians,
and privates, of Captain Joseph Q,uiglcy'n com-
pany of Ohio militia, in the war of 5 81XJ, the bene-
fits of the acts of March :i, 1855, and of May
14,185(i; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ADVERSE RETORTS.
Air. ELIOT, fro in the Committee on Commerce,
made adverse reports on the memorials of Lai kin
and Zona Snow, and of A. Dclmos; which were
severally laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
FALSE STAMPS, ETC.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 330) to prevent and punish
frauds in the use of false stamps, brands, labels,
and trade-marks; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
HARRISON IIOIWE.
Mr. I-IELMICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of Harrison Hod^e, of Missouri; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying: report, ordered to be printed.
HARRIS & BUTTERWOimi.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (S. No. 23) for the relief of
Arnold Harris and Samuel F.Buttcrworth; which
was laid upon the table, and the report ordered
to be printed.
SAMPSON STANEILL.
Air. ROBTNSOIN, of Rhode Island, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
Sampson Stanfill; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
HEIRS OF ABIGAIL MASON.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 224) for the
relief of the heirs-at-law of the late Abigail Ma-
son, sister and devisee of John Lord, deceased;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH AT PRINCETON.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the Presbyterian
church at Princeton, New Jersey; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
REUBEN J. CHAMPION.
Mr. COX, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Reuben J. Champion, only
child and heir of Reuben and Rhoda Champion;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed..
JONES & BROWN.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of A. H.
Jones & M. H. C. Brown; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. REAGAN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of the heirs of
James McDaniel; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
TEXAS INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the indulgence of the
House to allow me to report from the Committee
on Indian Affairs a bill for reference, which is not
strictly private in its nature, merely for the pur-
pose of reference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will report
his bill, if there be no objection.
Mr. REAGAN thereupon reported, from the
Committee 011 Indian Affairs, a bill to provide for
the examination of claims of citizens of the Uni-
ted States for indemnity for spoliations committed
011 them by Indians and Mexicans on the frontier
of the Statu of Texas; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
GEORGE D. DOTTPMAN.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of George
D. Dousman, one of the secuiities for William
H. Bruce, Indian sub-agent at Green Bay, in the
State of Michigan; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
,10UN DALY.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, from the same
committee, also made an adverse report in the
case of John Daly; which was laid 011 the table,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN CLAIMS.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, from the same
committee, also, by unanimous consent, reported
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and lie
is hereby, requested to 1 omnmmeato to the House of Itep-
rescntativcs a statement of the amount'! paid to the Poka-
gan or oiher bands of Indians, wlio weie parties to the
treaties of 26th and avtli of September, 18y:i, at Chicago,
and who remained m the State of Michigan, either in money
or goods, under the stipulations of the treaty made at the
time and place aforesaid, with the united nation of Chip-
pewa, Ottowa, and Pottawatomie Indians ; also the time
and plaee of payment, and the parties to whom paid.
PAYMENT OS NBVC MEXICAN TROOPS.
Mr. LONGNECKER, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill to provide for the payment of
certain volunteer companies in the service of the
United States in the war with Mexico, called out
for the suppression of Indian disturbances in New
Mexico; which wag read a first and second time.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I propose to put that
bill on its passage.
Mr. PEYTON. Is that a private bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will be
when they get the money. [Laughter.]
Mr. PEYTON. Is it now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. BURNETT. I thought this was a call of
committees for reports for the purpose of refer-
ence merely. I move to refer the bill to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I ask the House to
hear a short statement in reference to this claim,
and then I think the gentleman from Kentucky
will withdraw his motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to hear-
ing the gentleman's statement, though I cannot
withdraw my motion.
Mr. LONGNECKER. This bill is to provide
payment for certain companies who served in the
war with Mexico, and were called out in New
Mexico without being regularly mustered into the
service of the United States, and therefore have
never been paid. This claim has been pending
since 1848, and ought long since to have been*
paid. The gentleman from New Mexico will
bear me witness that the statement I make is cor-
rect. I think the claim ought to have passed Con-
gress long ago; and I hope it will pass the House
without being referred.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist on my motion to
refer.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VAN COTT AND MALEN.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Van Cott and Samuel Malen, of the Territory of
Utah; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying repoit, ordered to be
printed.
HORACE E. DIMMICK.
Mr. ST ANTON, from the same committe, made
an adverse report in the case of Horace E. Dim-
mick; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
bo printed.
WILLIAM B. FORD AND OTHERS.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of William B. Ford
and others; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of George De-
ment and others; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of C.
Cook and A. Lockwood; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Revolution- -
ary Pensions, made an adverse report 011 the me-
morial of Eliza M. Evans; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON.* I ask the consent of the
House to report a bill, which is not strictly pri-
vate in its nature, but which the Committee on
Military Affairs have instructed me to report at
the earliest moment.
Mr. HUGHES. I must object. The private
claimants of the Government have been treated
so outrageously during the present session that I
cannot consent to have any of their time taken up
by other matters.
Mr. STANTON. It is nothing that I have any
personal interest in.
Mr. IIUGHES. I object.
UTAH MEMORIAL.
Mr. BARRETT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made an adverse report on the memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah asking a donation of land; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES E. ROBERTS.
Mr. BARRETT, from the same committee,
