1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,-
for arms and -equipments, but in the losses to
labor and in the idleness consequent upon inse-
curity and violence. Put these all together, and
see the rent land struggling and writhing and
wringing its hands in wailing and woe, and you
have the poorest of national Samaritans, whom
to go over and relieve is the highest duty of a
Christian nation.
If our Government fail in its duty now, one
thing will happen, and that is, the sudden appa-
rition of Houston, with ten thousand Texans, in
northern Mexico. Such movements are as irre-
pressible as fate. They may even be less respons-
ible and more reckless than Houston's project. I
know that such movements are now in process^of
organization. They may have a peaceful appear-
ance. They are led by the " Knights of the
Golden Circle," whose mystic "K. G. C." has
the magic of Prince Arthur's horn, which <?t>uld
not only call his thousand liegemen at the blast,
but before whose blast the enemy fell down. Pro-
posals have been made to Juarez, by these adven-
turous spirits, and among the rest by General
Reneau & Co., to place him in the capital and loan
him $500,000, in consideration of the public lands
to be granted in the States of Tamaulipas, New
Leon,Zacatecas, Coahuila,Durango, Chihuahua,
Sinaloa, Michiocan, Guerrero, and Oajaca. This
tender includes a further consideration in the form
of surveying and platting for certain other public
lands. The gentlemen in this country connected
with these movements are men of military tact
and approved courage. They profess to obey our
neutrality laws; they will not infract them; but if
they go into Mexico they will go as emigrants, on
invitation, and carry the appliances of art, man-
ufacture, and agriculture. [Laughter.] Of course,
they cannot go unarmed to such a country! They
may reverse the millennium, and beat their plow-
shares into revolvers and their pruning-hooks into
bowie knives. [Laughter.] Unless we give to
Juarez that aid which the treaty provides, he can-
not be blamed if he accept the offer of three thou-
sand emigrants for each of the ten States, m con-
sideration of the public lands of those States. It
will be the ultima ratio with his Government. He
will be driven by our non-action into the arms of
the unregulated enterprise of this country.
Can we lie supine while these transactions are
transpiring ? Can we see these martial elements,
which are never wanting where adventure leads
the way, combiningfor this purpose, without some
action ? Better far, if they move under the stip-
ulations of the pending treaty. But if this bo re-
jected, better tnat our Government should order
the regular Army to this post of delicate duty,
than that men should go out, even under invita-
tion, in irregular and adventurous bands, without
responsibility. But if we fail to do our duty,
we cannot reproach either Juarez or our own
citizens. He will act on the old Spanish maxim
applied to the native Mexican laborers: "Mai
con ellos; pejor sin ellos"—bad with, worse with-
out them.
Can we see external disaster and internal op-
pression fall upon this ill-starred sister Republic,
and have we no protest to make, no protection to
give? France can throw her marine into the gulf
of Venice; land her troops at Genoa; dash with
her armies down the sides of Mount CeniS, to aid
Sardinia and rescue Lombardy. Half a million
men arc ready to cross bayonets at Solferino,
in this cause of Italy; but our nation—equally
martial if organized, equally sympathetic with the
right, and having more interest in Mexico by far
than France can ever have in Italy—must lie upon
its back, and wait and wait for Providence to press
between its lips the fruits of our advancing civil-
ization.
When we failto move, that moment our destiny
is closed. "When we fail to meet the demands
of our continental situation, and seize every rising
opportunity of expansion, that moment of halt
is the moment of retrogression; retrogression is
Mecay; and decay is death.
Show me the code in the law of nations which
would estop such an outgoing of national sym-
pathy and succor. Has the common conscience
ceased to be a source of international law? Arc
the customs of civilized nations no criterion for
such enlightened action ? Consult your publicists.
They will tell you that Mexico, if a nation, is in-
dependent and equal to any other nation, and the
judge of hor own actions. Very If <<he
make an ill use of her position, she may be guilty
of a breach of duty, but other nations cannot dic-
tate, and must acquiesce in her conduct. True
again. Yattel rightly condemns Spain for exe-
cuting a Peruvian Inca under Spanish laws, be-
cause he had oppressed and killed his own sub-
jects. But at the threshold of this discussion the
inquirer might well ask, "is Mexico a nation
now, in the meaning of international law?" Is
Mexico " a body-politic, or a society of men, uni-
ted together for the purpose of promoting their
mutual safety and advantage by their combined
strength?" If that constitute a State, her con-
dition is a caricature on nationality. Has she the
capacity to preserve herself from insult and op-
pression, either internal or external? If not, how-
can she perform her obligations to foreign resi-
dents and nations? Will the law of nations,
founded on the enlightened sense of mankind, per-
mit such a Government, and, a fortiori, two Gov-
ernments contending for supremacy, to outrage
that justicc which is the basis of society and the
bond of all intercourse? Vattel in his fifth chap-
ter, section seventy, establishes the relation of
such a State with foreign nations. Its apposite-
ness to Mexico is plain and emphatic. He says:
" If there were a people who despised and violated the
rights of others whenever they found an opportunity, the
interest of human society would authorize all the other
nations to form a confedei acy in ordei to humble and chas-
tise the delinquents. We do not here forget the maxims
established in our preliminaries, that it does not belong to
nations to usurp the power of being judges of each other.
In particular cases, where there is room for the smallest
doubt, it ought to be supposed thateach of the parties may
have some right, and the injustice of the party that has com-
mitted the injury may proceed from error, and not from a
general contempt of justice. But if, when by her constant
maxims, and by the whole tenor of her conduct, a nation
evidently proves herself to be actuated by a mischievous
disposition, if she regards no light as sacred, the safety of
the humanracereguiresthatsheshouldberepressed. Tofoim
and support an unjust pretension, is onlydoingan mjuryto
the paity whoso intciests aio affected by that pictcnsion;
but to despise justice in gcneial, is doing an injury to all
nations."
If the Juarez government invite our coopera-
tion, and we intervene, the right to accede to the
request is perfectly clear. (Plnllimore on Interna-
tiona) Law, volume one, 443.) The treaty does
invite us, in most unmistakable terms. But if the
treaty fail, dare we promulgc the doctrine of inter-
vention, irrespective of invitation? To the curious
on this point,! refer to the able treatise above cited,
where the whole doctrine ofintervention is consid-
ered, in the first chapter of the fourth part of the
first volume. Among the causes given, where in-
tervention is justifiable, pertinent to Mexico, are
the following: where the peace and safety of the in-
tervening State are endangered; where parties to
a civil war invite; wiicre citizens of another State
require protection; where intervention will stay
the effusion of blood caused by a protracted civil
war. The able jurist is reluctant to establish the
jast instance, us a substantive and solitary, but
only as an accessory justification of intervention.
The partition of Poland stands as a specter in his
way; and he starts back in affright at the abuses
which so destructive a principle has fixed on man-
kind. But he finds in the case o'fGreece, in 1827,
a justifiable intervention. He displays the long-
continued and horrible massacres and anarchy
of Greece, as reasons " which alone, if ever such
reasons could, justify the interference of Chris-
tendom."
The case of Mexico, however, is not to be de-
termined by that elastic law of nations, which has
proved so convenient an instrument for the op-
pression of mankind. In America we have a chap-
ter of our own, written by James Monroe,and
fixed asbthc continental policy of this hemisphere.
No international law which omits this chapter, can
have application to us or to our own relations with
Mexico. But even the maxims of the Old World
are warrantenough,ifapplied with discrimination,
for our prompt intervention by actual possession
in Mcxico.
Some there are ever ready to oppose everything
which looks even distantly to the aggrandizement
and extension of our Republic. I belong to that
party which Choate described as having a "gay
and festive defiance of foreign dictation;"a party
which does not go abroad for its rules of conduct.
But if there are such who fear our advancement
as an unhealthy fever, to such the authority of
foreign journals may be more impressive than our
own rights and duties. To such, therefore. T
quote the London Times, the thinking head of
the English nation. It f
" The English residents who have cast their lot with the
inhabitants, and the traders who have invested money in
enterprises of the country, are in the same position as the
Mexicans themselves. IIow can we or any one interfeie
but by taking possession of the country ? Of whom are we
to demand an explanation? The chief of the Republic to-
day may be a fugitive in a week, while his rival steps into
power and wreaks vengeance on all the late officials. Sup-
pose we ask for satisfaction: who is to give it? The outrage
may have been commitfed by the other party, or by some
independent ruffian hundreds of miles off, or there may be
no police to prevent a repetition of the act, and no money
to compensate it. In fact, where there is no settled gov-
ernment, the ordinary international remedies fail."
The London Times, in another article upon this
subject, used the following significant language:
" Mexico has now arnved at a point at which any con-
vulsion may improve the prospect of her foreign creditors.
In the present state of things they can have no hope, and
their great dread, therefore, must be lest it should be per-
petuated. If some new military dictator were to arise, or
the country were to be absorbed, without more delay, by
the United States, their treatment could not be worse,
and it might, especially m the lattercase, be much better."
* * * * " Let the United States, when they are
finally prepared for it, enjoy all the advantages and respons-
ibility of ownership, and our merchants at Liverpool and
elsewhere will btj quite content with the trade that may
spiing out of it."
Since then, Mr. Mathew, the English Minister,
has been compelled to protest against the gov-
ernment at the capital of Mexico, and he now
threatens to leave it to its fate. There is only one
remedy, it seems, for Great Britain and her citi-
zens: possession of the country! She is willing
that we shall do that office. Mr. Whitehead, the
agent of the English bondholders, in a letter of
the 26th of September, 1859, could see " no pacifi-
cation , except by the intervention of some power-
ful nation;" and he said further, that—
"The opinion prevails very generally among the more
sensible part of the Mexicans themselves, who, without
desiring annexation, would be glad to see something of an
armed intervention on the part of the United States."
He more than hints that it is the policy of
England to promote it.
Lord John Russell, the head of the Foreign
Office, in his letter of the 16th December, 1859, to
the Rothschilds, seems to be hovering near that
idea. He says: m
"A civil war rages in Mexico between two parties, Who,
only intent on destroying their adversaries, have very little
respect for the rules of justice or the safety of property."
* * * * "Our Government has endeavored in
vain to mediate by the aid of other Powers, to bring about
a termination of the present devastating and sanguinary
war."
As we could permit no European nation to take
possession of Mexico without dishonor, so we are
bound to pursue this policy, by a rule far more au-
thoritative than any international law. Our code
is the law of necessity. It is the same law by
which we ought to save our neighbor's flaming
house, when its burning would imperil our safety
and destroy our peace. If ye do not do it, what
reasonable objection can we make if England or
France attempt it? We must anticipate the else
inevitable interference- of these Powers on this
continent. If we do not interfere now, there \y;ill
be nothing to save but a desolated land, a demoral-
ized citizenry, an empty exchequer, a mortgaged
revenue, a banditti of fractious States, and a gov-
ernment only federative in a league with death,
murder, and spoliation.
There is yet something to be saved in Mexico.
If we act promptly, we become partners in her
resources. vVhat are these resources ? What are,
and what should be our relations towards them ?
We have an authentic account of these resources
in the valuable compilation of Colonel Butterficld,
with whose book the intelligence of the country
shoulS be familiar. Mexico has now $26,000,000
of foreign imports, and $28,000,000 of exports;
making an interchange of $54,000,000. Of this',
England has §33,400,000; the United States only
$8,700,000. England thus monopolizes more than
one half of this commerce. She has had special
permits to import at a reduction of twenty-five to
fifty per cent, on duties. She i§ twenty days dis-
tant by steam; while on the Pacific and on the
Gulf we are at the very doors of Mexico. Of the
§8,700,000 of our commerce with Mexico, our
exports for the year ending September 30, 1858,
we're but §3,315,825, being $2,000,000 less than
our imports from Mexico. The above fifty-odd
millions does not include, of course, the immense
contraband trade, which, if fairly estimated, would
rim Mexican commcrce up to $100,000,009.
