1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2187
reported a bill for the relief of Charles E. Roberts,
of Washington Territory; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to bo printed.
ADYEKSE REPORT.
Mr. McRAE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial
of A. R. Potts; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report oil the memorial
of John T. Smith; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POTTLE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the case of C. C. Penniston;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ANN E. SMOOT.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Ann E. Smoot; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
JAMES II. CAUSTIN.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of James
H. Caustin; which was laid 011 the table, and
ordered to be printed.
HENRY ETTIKft.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 91, for the relief of
Henry Ktting; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
PANAMA RAILROAD.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the lelief of the Panama Rail-
road Company; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC SERVICE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
report a bill to amend the act regulating: the con-
sular and diplomatic system of the United States.
Mr. HUGHES. That is a public bill, and I
object to it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs has had no opportunity
to report public bills, and I have been instructed
to seize any opportune occasion to make this re-
port. The bill provides simply for salaries for
consuls recently crcated and for consuls who have
no salaries. It is absolutely indispensable for the
public business that these salaries should be pro-
vided.
Mr. HUGHES. There are others in the same
condition with the gentleman, and I must object
to his bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the House
be not willing to promote the public interests, I
will not press the question. %
SARAII WHITNEY.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Sarah Whitney; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
MARY IIANGEFORD.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Hangeford;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN L. MEBSEKEAU.
Mr. DELANO,from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of John
L. Mersereau, a revolutionary soldier; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying-report, ordered to be printed.
CATHARINE IIANNA.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
the surviving children of Catharine Hanna; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM DUDLEY.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, from the same
committee, also reported a bill for the relief pf
William Dudley, of Adair county, Kentucky;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
• 11. H. HOWARD.
Mr. PENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 170, for the relief of
H. H. Howard, with the recommendation that it
do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
JAMES SMITH.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 134, for the relief
of James Smith, with the recommendation that it
do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
REBECCA A. CORRELL.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 184, for the relief
of Rebecca A. Correll, with the recommendation
that it do pass; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
ELIZABETH SrEIR.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 123, for the relief
of Elizabeth Speir, with the recommendation that
it do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 144, for the relief
of Jeremiah Pendergast, of the District of Co-
lumbia, with the recommendation that it do pass;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
EBENEZER RICKER.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 151, for the relief of
Ebcnezer Rickcr, with the recommendation that
it do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompaying
report, ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH I'ATTEE.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 346, for the relief
of Joseph Patfee, with the recommendation that
it do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
CORNELIUS HUGHES.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 183, for the relief of
Cornelius Hughes, with the recommendation that
it do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM WALLACE.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 120, for the relief
of William Wallace, of Illinois, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
NANCY M. GUNSALLY.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee,also
reported back Senate bill No. 124, for the relief of
Nancy M. Cunsally, with the recommendation
that it do pass; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, I desire togive
notice to the House that I will, on Wednesday:
next—if I can obtain the floor for that purpose—
call up theAill for the settlement of the claims of
officers and soldiers of the revolutionary army,
and the widows and children of those who died
in the service. In reference to this bill which I
had the honor to submittothe House, I desire to
say that I am constantly in the receipt of letters
from all parts of these United States, asking why-
it is that so much delay has attended the passage
of this bill ? Will each member of this House aid
me to answer? Will each member contribute to
relieve me from the arduous duty, by cooperating
to hasten final action on the bill ?
In my remarks to the House on this subject
during the last Congress, I expressed myself very
fully in support of the justice and legal rights of
these meritorious creditors, so that very little ad-
ditional can be said by me to commcnd them to
the approval of Congress, and to ineite in the
minds of members a desire for their immediate
adjustment. It is very little benefit to Creditors
to have committees investigate and report claims
merely to be placed on the Calendar, there to re-
main until called into like incipient vitality at tha
next Congress, only to meet like renewed post-
pSSiement. If they are, as I believe them to be, be-
yond the shadow of a doubt, debts—legal,meri-
torious debts—due from the United States to these
creditors, they ought to be paid—paid now, paid
with the same promptness, with the same appre-
ciation of duty and right, as we ourselves ask to be
paid our salary. They claim only $240 per annum
for the services rendered and the sufferings en-
dured by their fathers in the great struggle for
independence, whilst we enjoy the Government
they established, in possession of the highest hon-
ors, and a salary of $3,000 per annum.
The people of this great nation cherish a lore
of justice. They arc willing to pay liberally—they
insist upon paying honorably; and the discharge
of duty will ever command their approbation; but
they will not be, and they should not be, content
if we manifest indifference to their rights. They
will hold us, as they should, to a strict account-
ability. It is unfortunately true, that individual
claims against the Government receive too little
attention from the Representatives of the people.
They cannot sue the Government; they have no
remedy only such as we have the power to fur-
nish; and yet who does not know that they travel
up the broad passages to this Hall, year after year,
until time grows weary, sad wiih oft-repeated
disappointments, and at last turn away with fee-
ble step, leaving the prosecution of their claims
to their children, and oft-'times entailed upon their
children's children, or abandoned in despair of
obtaining justiciiat the hands of their servants?
The applicants provided for in this bill do not
ask us to pay them for the fortunes and many
years'service rendered prior to the date of the
contracts for half pay. They ask nothing for
losses for depreciation of Government paper.
They ask nothing for their fortunes, which thev
expended to acquire this Government. They ask
only that we should do an act of justice; that we
should discharge a legal and sacred obligation.
They ask the payment of these half-pay debts,
1. Because, by the principles of lawand equity,
they aie positively due.
2. Because they arc free from all possible in-
fluence of conjecture or uncertainty.
3. Because the amount is unchangeably fixed
by a recorded public law.
All payments which have ever been made on
account of the same arc all recorded. Nothingis
left to conjecture; nothing to unwritten or unre-
corded evidence. All payments made towards
these sacred contracts m depreciated paper are
to be deducted, not at their depreciated value, but
for their full amount. No Congress, it seems to
me, can disregard the rights of these creditors
In the very able report of Mr. Burgess, made
February 11, 1828, the committee say:
"That, in tlich- opinion, the delivery of those certificates,
as well on general punciples as on those which govern
courts of law and equity, did not annul the right of half
pay, or exonerate the Government from the obligations of
the original contract. Such of those officers as liad sur-
vived the war, and continued in the seivice until peace,
became severally and individually vested with a complete
right to the reward of halfpay for the residue of their lives.
The reward was gallantly won at the point of the sword ; it
