1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
endeavored fairly and honestly to weigh it. I
deemed it proper to the contestant and my State
to discuss the legal questions, and (o enter my
solemn protest against the mode in which the
majority reached their result. I have said noth-
ing in regard to any personal matter. I have ad-
hered strictly to the record. The sitting member
has stated that the minority has done so and so.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I did not
mean to apply any of my remarks in an offensive
sense. The difference between the majority re-
port and the minority report, I have stated, is
this: that the majority report specifies the illegal-
ity, and refers to the precise page of the testi-
mony; whereas the minority report fails to give
the name of any illegal voter. I presume, from
thai fact, that they had investigated the record,
and had failed to find any.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not prepare the re-
port. It was impossible, in the day or two in
which it was prepared, that it could have con-
tained what the gentleman says a report should
contain. So far as 1 am individually concerned,
I can tell my colleague that I can not only give
the names of very many iJlegalvotes he received,
but of more than forty unjustly taken from con-
testant, not including the rejected precinct in Ca-
sey county. I am fully content to abide by and
defend the result reached by the minority. 1 have
satisfied my own mind about this contest; and I
have arrived at the conclusion that the sitting
member, in view of all the facts, is not entitled
to a seat upon this floor. I have attempted to dis-
charge my duty, and it is for this House to dis-
charge theirs. I have done.
Mr. STRATTON. In accordance with the
fencral understanding of the House on Saturday,
now call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STRATTON. I feel, Mr. Speaker, that
the House has already grown impatient at the
great length of time which has been consumed in
the argument of this case; and it was my inten-
tion, although holding the right to close the dis-
cussion, to have submitted the case without a sin-
gle word of comment beyond that which I made
at the opening of the debate. But, sir, inasmuch
as the leport of the majority of this committee
has been vigorously assailed, not only by the
contestant himself but by one of my colleagues
upon the committee, I feel it to be due to the ma-
jority, whose organ I am in- presenting this re-
port, to say a few words by way of defense—if,
indeed, any defense be necessary. And J may
be permitted to say that I apprehend no defense
will be necessary to those gentlemen who have
read and compared the two reports.
The gentleman from Kentucky, who hasjust
taken his seat, told us that he was good at guess-
ing, and I have no doubt that ho is; but I think he
is unfortunate in his guessing, when he attempts
to gness this contestant into a scat upon this floor
upon the evidence before the committee, and
which is now before the House. He is guessing
against both law and evidence. I listened with
great pleasure to the able and very ingenious ar-
gument made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stevenson,] my colleague on the commit-
tee. There is no gentleman on either side of the
House who is more able to make the worse ap-
pear the better reason, than my friend from Ken-
tucky- T do not intend to follow him through the
length and breadth of his argument, for, with all
deference to the gentleman, f submit that he has
been fighting a windmill, a mere shadow, with-
out substance so far as its practical bearing upon
the result of this case is concerned. Whether the
boatd of State canvassers of the State of Ken-
tucky construed their law correctly or not makes
no difference with reference to the conclusion to
which the committee have arrived.
The gentleman has charged the majority of the
committee with attempting to trample under foot
popular liberty and popular suffrage. If we agree
with the gentleman, if we arrive at the same con-
clusion which he has reached, then indeed would
the majority of the committee; and if they were
sustained, then indeed would the House strike
a blow at popular liberty and popular suffrage.
"What does he ask? He asks us, in the first place,
to decide that the board of State canvassers of the
State of Kentucky misconstrued the law in re-
fusing to receive the amended returns from the
counties of Cumberland, Boyle, and Adair, where
mistakes undoubtedly occurred, to the prejudice
of both the contestant and sitting member; and
then he would have stopped and gone no further.
He would have you give this scat to the contest-
ant, upon a correction of these three mistakes, not-
withstanding an examination of the polls through-
out the district show the sitting member to be
elected beyond the shadow of a doubt. He would
not have us go behind these returns, but would
have us come before this House and recommcnd
that the contestant be admitted to the seat, sim-
ply because a mistake had been made by the
canvassers in the counties above named, ana sim-
ply because, as the honorable gentleman himself
believes, and those who join with him in the
minority report believe, the board of canvassers
took an incorrect view of their duties under the
law.
But, sir, we propose to do no such thing. Al-
though we say that under the law of Kentucky,
the sitting member comes with the certificate m
his hand, in due and legal form, vet the contestant
having appeared, claiming a right to a seat here,
and having specified the grounds upon which he
bases his claim, we are not precluded by any cer-
tificate of any board from opening the door wide
to an examination of all the proof in the case.
We desire to ascertain who had received a ma-
jority of the legal votes; who represented the pop-
ular will of the people of the fourth congressional
district of Kentucky. Yet the gentleman tells the
House that the majority of the committee have
attempted to trample upon the liberty of the peo-
ple and upon the right of popular suffrage. Sir,
does this look like trampling upon popular liberty
—upon the will of the people? We have sought to
ascertain what that popular will was, and then to
give it expression. I do not feel disposed to rest
under such an imputation as that. The course
proposed by the minority is a direct attack upon
the right of suffiage. An attempt to stifle the
voice of the people, and disfranchise the people
of the fourth congressional district of Kentucky,
by admitting to the seat claimed a candidate who
did not receive a majority of the votes cast. I
submit with great respect, notwithstanding the
ingenuity of the gentleman's argument and the
strength and eloquence with which it is pressed,
that 1 still entertain the opinion expressed in the
majority report, that the board of State canvassers
in Kentucky gave a right and proper construction
to the statutes of their own State.
The gentleman was pleased to say, that not-
withstanding the high character for integrity and
ability which these gentlemen composmgthc State
board enjoy, still he feared that their minds were
clouded by partisan prejudices, and that they
had not come to the examination of this ease with
that fairness and impartiality which justice re-
quired at their hands. I should, sir, be very sorry
to believe that any gentleman from the gallant
State of Kentucky, either as judge or as member
of this House, would, for one moment, permit any
cloud of partisan feeling to pass between his judg-
ment and the investigation of any case, and thus
prevent lum coming to acorrectconciusion. I am
not willing to believe thatmy honorable colleague,
in making the minority report, was actuated by
any such motive; nor am I willing to believe that
the respectable gentlemen composing the board of
State canvassers weic governed by any such feel-
ings. Thevory report itself shows that there isno
foundation for such a charge, and no foundation for
such a suspicion. The House will bear in mind
that there were mistakes discovered in three coun-
ties. The first discovery of a mistake was to the
prejudice of the sitting member. An attempt was
made by the board of county canvassers to cor-
rect them. They sent their amended certificate
to Frankfort, but the State board declined to con-
sider it. This was before it was known that a
mistake had occurred in Cumberland; although
it'would have increased the vote of the sitting
member, these gentlemen, who were his political
friends, refused to give him the benefit of it. The
concluding paragraph of the report says:
"It may not be improper al<o to state, that when the
amended return from Boyle was filed, and before it was
known what effect it was to have on the result, the opin-
ion of tho undeisigned is known to have been adverse to
its reception."
Before it was known what effect their action
would have upon the result; before the amended
returrs from the county of Cumberland were
brought in; before they had any knowledge what-
ever that a mistake existed in the returns from
the county of Cumberland, they refused to receive
the corrected return, which was to increase the
majority of the sitting member.
I say, then, that there was no foundation for
the suspicion. These gentlemen were actuated
by no other than the highest and purest motives*
No partisan feeling can be discovered upon the
face of their exposition of the law of the state of
Kentucky.
I do not mean to dwell long upon/imcius officio
—a phrase which seems to have been a favorite
one with both the contestant and my honorable
colleague from Kentucky; and I have no doubt
the House has listened to fundus officio until they
wished it had been dead and buried long ago.
[Laughter.] All I have to say is this: that whether
the county board of canvassers had two or three
days, or three months, in which to discharge their
duty of canvassing the votes in the different pre-
cincts, and to make their return to the State can-
vassers,whenever that duty was discharged, and
the vote had been canvassed: whenever the cer-
tificate had been made out and transmitted to the
secretary of State, at Frankfort, that board ceased
to exist, and they had no longer a being until
another election occured in which their services
could again be required. But, according to the
argument of the gentleman from Kentucky, this
board is open at all times and for all purposes
—never ceasing to exist.
I come now to what is, perhaps, really the most
important point in this case. The contestant, in
his remarks, alleged, with considerable warmth,
that the committee, in scanning this testimony,
had acted very unfairly indeed; that they had
only taken a one-sided victfof the case; that they
had rejected .evidence which went to prove con-
clusively that legal voters who were challenged,
were held to be disqualified, while certain others,
who were proven to be unqualified, were not de-
ducted from the poll of the sitting member. Now,
I desire to say, that the contestant read some evi-
dence,scraps oftestimony, which, if unanswered,
might induce this House to suppose that the com-
mittee were mistaken as to the force and effect
of the evidence in this case. I have had somp
bitter experience before juries, and sometimes,
when I have been a little crowded, and felt that
the weight of the case was against me, I may have
been inclined to look to one side only of the tes-
timony. It is not convenient, always, to look to
both sides of the testimony. With the last word,
and nobody to reply to mo, it Was a successful
way of getting along with a lame case.
So the contestant, in this case, zealous in his
anxiety to make it appear to the House that he is
wrongfully deprived of a seat, has only looked to
one side of the case in every instance in which
he has referred to the testimony. He has slept
over it; he has brooded over it, and dreamed over
it, until 1 have no doubt that, when he waked in
the morning, he felt that his case was as clear as
the noonday sun.
The first witness whose testimony he alluded
to was that of James B. Elder. And he read ex-
tracts in reference to his vote. It is always the
province of a jury to look at the evidence upon
both sides; and the House should recollect that
it is sitting here in the character of both judge
and jury, to look at the laws and the facts, and to
decide upon them; and they wantall the facts and
all the evidence before they can come to a correct
conclusion in the case.
Well, the contestant read only a part of the evi-
dence. It was the duty of the committee to scan
and weigh the testimony, and to give it its proper
weight. Now, here is the evidence in relationto
that voter's qualifications:
<' R. c. Carter.—I know James B. Elder; he voted, at
the last August election, at Turnersville prccinct, in Lin-
coln county; he was bom and raised in thecoitnty of Lin-
coln ; he had resided in the Turnersville precinct, prior to
the election, ever since I had known him ; he had been
temporarily absent, but always clnimcd Lincoln county as
his residence
Now, the contestant contended that .Tames B.
Elder was not a good voter. Well, upon that
point, here is the testimony of R. E. Carter, a
judge of election at that very precinct, and he
swears that ho has always known Elder, and that
Elder had always made that precinct his resi-
dence; that he was born in Lincoln county, and
