22A
THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
gentleman from Illinois be entitled to the floor, let
him«keep it or. give it up.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I suppose that, unless
some other gentleman indicates his desire to speak
this morning, I may yield for amotion to proceed
to a-ballot. But,' if gentlemen on my left desire
to speak this morning, I will not yield. I do not
propose to farm out the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I insist that the gen-
tleman "will g° pn and make his speech now. If
lie yield the floor at all, it is an abandonment of
the floor, and other gentlemen who may wish to
get' it' have the right to insist 011 his keeping the
floor, or giving it up entirely.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that, by
the parliamentary law, the gentleman, if he yield
the floor, will only be entitled to it again as a mat-
ter of courtesy. It has been usual, however,
when gentlemen yield the floor for any purpose
whatever, with an understanding that they shall
resume it, that they are permitted to resume it
when the discussion is resumed.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true, when that un-
derstanding is had; but here there are gentlemen
who object to that understanding being had. The
gentleman, therefore, is bound either to go on or
to abandon the floor altogether.
Mr. N0ELL. My objection is to the gentle-
man occupying the floor for three or four days.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand the
Clerk to have propounded the question, whether
the gentleman from Illinois shall be permitted to
yield the floor. If that question be propounded,
is it not debatable? and may not this side of the
House proceed to discuss that and other ques-
tions?
The CLERK. The Clerk is not aware of any
rule that prevents debate upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH resumed the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would appeal to
my colleague to give way to me t0 make a per-
sonal explanation; but inasmuch as gentlemen
upon this side of the House seem to be united in
the opinion that my colleague should proceed, I
will defer what I have to say until another occa-
sion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As it is very evident
that if I yield the floor for the purpose of taking
a ballot, a ballot will not he taken, £ will proceed
to submit the remarks to the House which I pro-
pose. I made the proposition which I did in
good faith. I do not wish to be regarded as stand-
ing tn the way of the organization of this llous^,
or of placing any impediment whatever in its
way. Wc, upon this side of the House, have
been sitting here for three weeks, desirous and
anxious to vote for Speaker at any and all hours
that wc have been in session. I am aware that
there is a very strong disposition on the part of
many of my Republican friends hero not to de-
bate these questions at the present time, but to
wait for the orgnni7ation of the House. I wish
to say, m this connection, that I do not wish the
Republican party to be held responsible, any
more than members of it desire to be, for any-
thing that I may say here. I acquit all gentle-
men upon this side of the House of any sympa-
thy with, or participation in, the sentiments that
I may utter, if they so desire. I speak as an in-
dividual, claiming my individuality as a member
of the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States; and representing, ast do,
more people, probably, than any member upon
this floor. Coming, as I do. from a district which
stretches away fiom the great lakes to the Mis-
sissippi river, embracing within it the wonder and
pride of the Northwest, the city of Chicago, I
claim the right lo speak in behalf of those whom
I represent in tiie State of Illinois. I am not
speaking for Massachusetts, Connecticut, Ohio,
or any other State, but I am speaking for the
second congressional district of Illinois.
Wc came here, Mr. Clerk, at the time appointed
by the Constitution for the organization of tins
House, that we might discharge the business of
the country. A great many questions of interest
to the whole country, and especially to the people
of the Northwest, are likely to be brought before
this Congress, if this House shall ever become
organized. Instead of proceeding diligently to
the organization of the House, and to the discus-
sion of these questions, we arc met here with
what? Wc are met with resolutions and speeches
in regard to pamphlets and books, and in regard
to something which a distinguished Senator from
New York has at some time uttered. These things
are thrust in our faces, and we arc threatened with
the terrors of a dissolution of this great Confed-
eracy on their account. Yea, even more than
that, sir. We are threatened by a leading organ
of the Democracy in this city of Washington that
if we elect a Republican Speaker of this House,
the Union shall !be dissolved instanter.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I do not propose to spend
much time upon these questions which have
been thrust before the House by the Demucratic
party. I will only allude to them. In regard to
what has been said about Mr. Seward, and the
irrepressible conflict, I wish simply to refer the
House to the origin of this doctrine of an irre-
pressible conflict. I will not, however, say the
'' origin;'5 but I wish to refer the-House to an earlier
proclaimer of this doctrine, who uttered the same
sentiments long before Mr. Seward did/ I refer
the House to a paper known as the Richmond
Enquirer, and I believe it is a good orthodox paper
with my friends on the other side of the House.
I read from an editorial article m that paper, of
June 12, 1857:
11 It is an undeniable fact that, politically consideiod, the
States of this Union aie divided into two antagonistic sec-
tions." * * x " Between the North and South
theie is an intensity of animosity winch has few paiallels,
even among scpai ate and distinct nations m time of peace."
And again, sir, in the same paper, of January
22, 185G, I find the following:
" Often have we a.sked the Noith, 'Has not the experi-
ment of tree society faffed ? Aie nor the evils office soci-
ety intolerable, and do not most thinking men among yon
propose to -:uliveitand reconduct it:' But btill no answer.
Tins gloomy Mlenee is conclusive eudence, that fiee soci-
ety, in the long: lun, is an impiaeticable fonn of society.
It is, everywhere, staivmg, demoiahzcd, infidel, insuriec-
tionary, moribund. We repeat, then, that policy, human-
ity, and Christianity, alike forbid the extension ot the evils
of free society, to new people and coming geneiatums."
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois be kind enough to inform the House who
was the editor of the Enquirer at that time?
Mr. FAIliNSWORTH. I believe the editors
of that paper at that time, in 1856, were Messrs.
Ritchie & Pryor. By referring to the paper of
that date, I find it headed "Richmond Enquirer,
published daily, semi-weekly and weekly, by
Ritchie, Pryor & Dunnavant." Whether that is
the distinguished Air. Pnvon, who is now a mem-
ber of this House, I do not know.
Mr. PRYOR. I will inform the gentleman that
it is the same individual; and that if it be my priv-
ilege to engage the attention of the House, after
the gentleman has concluded his remarks, 1 pro-
pose to submit some observations m reply.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 supposed that it was
the same; but not having the ph asuie of the gen-
tleman's acquaintance, of couise I could not speak
as to the identity.
in the Richmond Enquirer, of May 6, 1S56, I
find this article also, and to it I ask the attention
of the House:
" South Carolina and the Union.—-Social forms so
widely diiienng as those of domestic slavery and (attempt-
ed) uiiivcr.-al hbeity, jcannot long eoexi?a in the great Re-
public of Christendom. They cannot he equally adapted
to the wants and interests of society. The oneloim or the
other must be veiy wrong, very ill suited to piomote the
quiet, th^ peace, the happiness, the morality, the religion,
and geneial well-being of communities. Disunion will
not allay excitement and investigation, much less beset
lasting peace. The wai between the two systems rages
evorywheiCj and will continue to tape till the one conquers
and the utheris exteiminated. If, with disunion, wc could
have ' the all and end ail theie,' the inducement would be
^tiomr to auempi it. But such ameasmo would but inspire
oui European and American advei.-auoj with additional
zeal,*' &c.
Now, Mr. Clerk, that is pretty strong irrepress-
ible-conflict doctrine, it seems to me; and that,
too, coming from this paper, which is, I behove,
almost universally quoted by the Democracy, es-
pecially at (ho South, as their organ. Mr. "Sew-
ard never uttered incprcssible-confliet doctrine
half as .strong as that.
In connection with this subject, that I may not
find it necessary to recur to this paper again, I
refer to another article from the Enquirer, dated
July 21, 1857:
" The Friends oftiic South.—We have grown tired of
the idle twaddie of the secessionists about who aie (f, icnds
,oi the South'and who are not. A small clique ot southern
extremists seem to regard themselves as the anointed de-
fenders of the rights of thousands of southern men, of foity
times their wealth anil ability, and they are constantly issu-
ing bulls of excommunication against those who do not
sweai allegiance to their rickety platform. From some ob-
scure village in Georgia or South Carolina, pranunciamentos
aie issued every few days by this party, lull of wind and
fury,' but signifying nothing.> They appear to 1 epeat a sort
of secession formula of denunciation evciy morning, begin-
ning with 'Accused be the American Union,'and then
damning, in detail, all its joints, tendons, head, feet, &c.,
&c., &c., after the fesluon of the excommunication read by
Dr. Slop for the edification of Uncle Toby. The cardinal
leading doctrine of their faith is, that the Union should be
dissolved forthwith. They seize upon and magnify, through
the lens of their disunion prejudices, every trivial annoy-
ance into a sufficient reason for disunion."
Mr. PRYOR. I desire to say, that when I
avowed my conncction with the Enquirer, in the
first, instance, I was alluding to the daje which
the gentleman then designated. The article which
he just read, or any other reflecting upon the doc-
trine of secession, never emanated from my pen
and was never published by my authority. The
date of the article to which the gentleman has
alluded, was subsequent to my connection with
the paoer.
Mr."FARNSWORTH. The date of the arti-
cle is July, 1857. But it is the same paper, and,
of course, I am commenting upon the paper, and
not upon the editor.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois be kind enough to inform the House who
were the editors of the Enquirer at the time to
which he refers ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In July, 1857,1 find
the paper headed, " Richmond Enquirer, pub-
lished daily, semi-weekly, and weekly,by Ritchie
& Dunnavant."
Mr. PRYOR. I will say to the gentleman that
at that period I was not connected with that pa-
per, and am not responsible for any such senti-
ments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is immaterial to me
who uttered it. It is the sentiment of the Rich-
mond Enquirer, and, m my hunibk opinion,it is
a pretty good one.
Now, without saying more in regard to the
" irrepressible conflict," I pass on to some of the
other questions which have been discussed here.
I will however, allude to a speech delivered in
the Senate two years ago this winter, by Senatoi
Hammond, of South Carolina, in which he gave
utterance to substantially the same sentiments,
when he declared that sooner or later slavery
would extend all the way up the Mississippi river.
I ask gentlemen if that does not present the same
idea of irrepressible conflict?
But a great ado is made in this House about
Helper and his, book, a little pamphlet of some
two hundred and twenty pages, written by-a man
by the name of Helper, of North Carolina. It
seems that a number of members of this House,
and of the Senate, have in some way, before the
issuing of this book, indorsed it in advance. Now,
Mr. Clerk, I am not going to bore the House by
entering into a discussion of the doctrines of that
book, pro or con. I deny the authority of any
member of this House to put me upon trial for in-
dorsing that book. It is none of their business.
I read such books as I please, and I will recom-
mend to others such books as I please; and thank
God we have nothing m our part of the country
that will not stand free criticism and free discus-
sion and a free press. But [-propose, as a set-oft
lo those gentlemen who have arraigned us for in-
dorsing the Helper book—I propose to put the
Democratic party upon trial for indorsing a book
ten times worse. I hold m my hand a little jewel
called " Black Diamonds," bound m black. It
comprises a series of letters "written by a man by
the name of Edward A. Pollard, of Virginia, to
some friend m the North, denominated "My
dear CV Before I proceed to read any portion of
that book, i send to the Clerk's desk the organ of
tho Democratic party, the Constitution, published
in this city, ana request the Clerk to read those
paragraphs winch I have marked.
The Clerk read the extracts, as follows:
" A Great Sensation Book for the Times.
•• Black Diamv.uh.
u Chaiacterizedbythe pres=- as the most poweiful defense
of negro slavery ever written. Stones and Sketches of
Southern Life: by Esiwaid A. Pollaid, of Virginia. This
work Iw sold so rapidh, especially m the Noith, that a
second edition, considerably enlarged, will soon be called
lor.
" It is believed thatm the present agitation of the slavery
question, nothing could be more effective and appropiiato
than the wide dissemination of these uuthful and vivid
sketches of slave life refened to «.hove.
'• For saying this, there is the authority of some of the lead-
ing organs, of public opinion in the country. The New
York Herald recommends that the book should be read by
