2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
was the price of our independence, purchased with blood,
and secured by public faith.
In order to remove all objections to the passage
of this bill, by reason of the present depletion of
the Treasury, if provides that whatever may be
found due shall be made payable in United States
stocks, at fifteen years, redeemable, at the discre-
tion of the United States, at any previous time.
And notwithstanding a special act of Congress,
of June 3, 1784, expressly provides that these
creditors should receive interest, that is excluded
frorn this bill.
It will not be forgotten that these parties do not
come here to ask of us a pension, or to collect the
arrears of a pension; but to ask the payment of a
legal, meritorious debt—nay, more, a preferred
debt. The eighth article of the old Confederation
authorized Congress to make contracts to carry
on the war, and the twelfth article made all debts
thus incurred a charge against the United States,
" for the payment and satisfaction whereof the said
States and the public faith was solemnly pledged.' *
It will be seen that the Government had be-
come insolvent, and Congress declared, by act
of April 18, 1780, that the certificates which had
issued, or which should thereafter issue, should
be discharged until further order of Congress, at
the rate of forty dollars for one; that the officers
having sacrificed fortunes as well as five years CTf
service, Congress, in order to guard them, if pos-
sible, against loss for their subsequent services, by
the act of October 3,1780, promised those officers
who should serve to the end of the war, or until
discharged, seven years' half pay, in " specie, or
current money equivalent;" and eighteen days
afterwards Congress extended the act to half pay
for life, which, by construction of law, was also
payable in the same way. Here, then, is a debt,
a special debt, the only obligation of the United
States, which was made payable in " specie, or cur-
rent money equivalent." Assuming this great fact,
to say nothing of the fortunes which had already
been expended by these creditors, who can doubt
that those debts were designed to be preferred,
before all others, against the Government? Who
can doubt that this was designed to be the first
mortgage on the public faith and public domain—
first in the hearts and memories of that and all
succccding generations? They achieved our in-
dependence and established this Government
which we now enjoy. The sacrifices which the
fathers of these creditors made, and the public do-
main which they acquired, the United States now
hold m trust for the children. Over one thousand
million acres of land still remain undisposed of.
Whilst we se(k to commemorate and perpetuate
the achievements and memory of their fathers, we
withhold from the children that which, in my
judgment, is legally, equitably, and justly their
due. If due to the fathers, it is dye to their heiis.
It cannot well be denied that these half-pay
debts rest on strict, legal, and well-defined prin-
ciples of law; and no one should hesitate to de-
clare that, justice and good faith demand that the
United States should pay, or securc without delay,
the principal and interest due to those creditors,
the great benefactors of our country Not wishing
the House to rely on my expositions, 1 shall re-
capitulate the laws on which these contracts arc
founded. Though there may be a difference of
opinion as to the legal demands of those credit-
ors, there can be none in the fact that the officers
must have sustained losses in the reception of
Government money, much more than are now
claimed for half pay.
It is time to settle the question in this Govern-
ment whether there is or can be, under our Con-
stitution and our laws, any vested rights which
shall not be subject to be abrogated by Congress;
whether, if Congress at one session makes a
contract by which a certain sum is to be paid
in u specie, or current money equivalent," the
next or some subsequent Congress may substi-
tute a new contract in its place, without the in-
dividual consent of the party, and pass a law
fixing a value to that contract. In the case under
consideration the second contract was made pay-
able in specie or securities such as shall be given
to other creditors. And again, another act was
passed July 4, 1783, directing the Postmaster
General to adjust all demands with the officers and
soldiers; not to pay in " specie, or current money
equivalent," but simply to issue certificates:
"Resolved, That the Paymaster General be> and he is
hereby, fully authorized and empowered to settle and finally
adjust all accounts whatsoever between the United States
and the officers and soldiers of the Aineucan Army, so as
to include all and every demand which they or cither of
them mayhave by virtue of the several resolutions and acts
of Congress relating thereto, and that the said Paymaster
do give certificates (not money or securities) of the sums
which may appear due on settlement* in the form and man-
ner which the superintendent of the finance of the United
States may direct:"
Not described to be such as "should bo given
to other creditors"—
" Provided always, Tliat the certificates to the officers shall
be delayed for a reasonable time, to obtain returns of pay-
ment or advances to them by the States or public Depart-
ments, where, in the opinion of the Paymaster General,
such delay shall be necessary."—Act of July 4, 1783.
None but invalid officers permitted to return
their commutation certificates:
"Resolved, That invalid officers be permitted to letnrn
the amount of commutation in other securities of the Uni-
ted States, where they have parted with their own, pro-
vided the same shall be of equal amount bearing the same
interest."—Act of September 14,1788.
But the act did not extend to other officers,
and this way connecting the half pay with all
other sums due the officers, for which these same
class certificates were given. I cannot omit to call
the attention of Congress to the fact that the officer
of the Government, before its own court, should
have found it nccessary, in defense of the United
States against these just claims, to assign as a
reason and inducement on the part of the officer
to receive these commutation certificates, that
while Congress made these contracts, they had
no power to induce a compliance with them, and
say:
li The States at this time were the real sovereigns; Con-
gress was a mere assembly of embassadors. The Army was
in the pay of the States; the ofheers were appointed by
them, though commissioned by Congress. Whatever Con-
gress might resolve was of no effect, unless concurred in
by the States; and the officers of those Stares m which the
h.ilf-pay sj.Ntem was regarded with aversion must have felt
that it would hedangeious to brave public sentiment at
home, relying upon no other support than that of Congress."
And that this induced the officers to request a
commutation. But he also says
" That the oiler of commutation made in the resolution
of March 22, 1783, did not, and was not intended, to de-
prive the officer^ of the benefit^ of the resolution of 17R0;
but was marie in order to enable the oflicers to iclieve
themselves horn the odium which was raided against them
in some of the States, as. the lecipicnts of pensions ftom
the I-Ydeial Government, and ac being thus distinguished
trom the mass of thou fellow-citizens."
And notwithstanding it is conceded that the
provisions of this act of March 22 wholly failed,
lie contends
That the acceptance by any officer of the commutation
ofleicd b\ Cotiuiess m i!jo ie. -oltition of March *Z2, 17>433
was an accord and satisfaction, and, in law, wa*. a lull dis-
ehaigc of the piomise contained in the lesolution of Octo-
ber, 1/tHJ."
Now, the facts are that these certificates were
not delivered by any " agreement" of the parties,
but were charged to, sent, or delivered to these
creditors, m pursuance of the law of July 4, 1783,
and by the imperative rules of the Paymaster Cen-
eral. The act referred to, by which all demands
against the Government are alleged by the oppo-
nents of these claims to be settled, left the Pay-
master but one way, and one only, and he ad-
hered to that most rigidly. Neither the justice of
these meritorious debts, nor the pressing wants
of the officers, could save them from the im-
perative rules of the Paymaster General, and yet
the solicitor undeavois to distort this deliberate
wrong, this great exigency of a then impov erished
Government, into an argument of the creditor.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I ask, who, from among
the original creditors, shall be preferred ? Those
who did, or those who did not, receive the com-
mutation certificates? In the case of Dr. Baird,
the Government concurred in recognizing the
latter class.
Let us suppose one of those officers—say a cap-
tain—to whom was due, on account of advances
and arrears of pay, say §5,000, and commutation
§2,400: all was directed to be paid in certificates,
worth, at the time, §740—and the United States
could then have purchased them at that price—on
which the receiver must sustain a loss of $6,660;
one class of officers give encouragement to Gov-
ernment in its infancy and weakness, by continu-
ing to share in its financial relations; by obeying
its laws in the reception of its depreciated paper;
trusting to its integrity, in the hope that the se-
curity promised and contemplated in the acts of
January 25 and March 22, 1783, would still be
furnished; and receive these certificates, not only
for advances, not only for arrears, but also for
commutation—asking nothing now for the loss of
the $6,660; only asking Government to deduct the
whole amount paid him, not at its value, but at
the face of the certificates, and pay him the bal-
ance. Let us now suppose another of equal rank,
entitled to the same sum, directed by the act of
July 4, 1783, to receive the same amount in those
depreciated certificates, and refuses to receive the
same, and now appears before Congress asking
his half pay: which of this class, 1 ask, should be
entitled to the highest consideration ? Why should
not the man who has sustained a loss of §6,660 be
preferred to the ma1 who has sustained no loss; -
the man who obeyed a positive law of his coun-
try, to him who escaped a loss by refusing to obey
the law ?
I beg to direct your attention to the views ex-
pressed by the late Secretary Woodbury, in 1828:
<k But they have averred, and it is again repeated, that
tliGbC officers are seeking a right, and that is aright both on
common law and on chanceiy principles. But if on only
one, whether it be a right on strict common-law principles,
oi on chancery principles, it is equally a right, and the claim
is equally a legal claim. The ioium in which it becomes
a right does not alter its legality. Hence, if every gentle-
man would agree with him trom Vitgima, (Mr. Tylei,) that
the statute of limitation should be scorned, and that the pie-
tended payments made to the^e'officers was 'mere wind,
mere trash,' I avci that, in any foium, before any court or
jury in Christendom, this right, as between individuals,
could now be unanswerably established. Let the issue be
formed, and the cause tr.eil to-mouow, and no three or five
judges, no twelve 'good men and true,'as jurors, could say
that tlic wages of toil and blood, the solemn promises for
sacrifices and sufferings, to secure the liberties of America,
had ever been discharged by only ' wind and trash.'"
■t** *******
"Without dwelling a moment on considerations before
urged in the argument, in favor of the legality of this claim,
let me ask, what has been the reply to the position of the
committee, that, 6n strict legal punciples, the promise of
half pay for life has ever been fulfilled? Has anyone
shown that the half pay, in the form of half pay, has ever
been paid? No pretense for it. Has any one shown that
the half pay has ever been technically released? No pre-
tense for it." ********
" IIow, then, has the promise of October, 1780, been ful-
filled ? In no way, except by the act of commutation. But
it could not be fulfilled by that act, unless all things were
tiansactcd in conformity to the provisions of thataet." *
* * * "Everybod) feels, and knows likewise, that
the payment, to be in conformity to the act, was to have
been money, or at least securities equivalent to money,
when, in truth, it was neither; and even under the most
favorable view, if the certificates were kept till the funding,
fell short of what was duo, from one fourth to one third,
so the certificates, or the payment, should have been made
in September, 1783; but were not, in fact, made until some
tune m 1784-'8.i, when worth much less. But, break through
the forms of tneasme*, and every lawyer, every constitu-
tional statesman, nmstadmitthat, on stiict legal principles,
there should not only have been a conformity to the com-
mutation act, hut in the act itself, to make it binding, there
should have been a regaid to private vested rights."
This then was the opinion of an able lawyer
and statesman, a most able and honorable judge
and representative, a safe and most reliable coun-
selor. Will you adopt his opinion, or will you
examine the laws on which they are founded, and
decide for yourselves?
Mr. Speaker, I would call the attention of the
House to the fact, that notwithstanding the Uni-
ted States became the assignees of the public do-
main, and, by the sixth article of the Constitution,
became liable for all the debts and engagements
of the old Confederation, yet the only way in
which they attempted to discharge these commu-
tation certificates wae by the funding law and a
subscription loan by those who held them, by
which the holder was to receive only about two
thirds of the amount.
The first consideration named in the contract
of September 16,1776, promised land to the offi-
cers and soldiers, or their representatives. And
although this obligation was entered into by the
old Confederation, it is equally binding on the
present.
The sixth article of the Constitution provides
" That all debts contracted and engagement9; entered into
before the adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid
against the United States under this Constitution as under
the Confederation."
ACTS ON WHICH HALF-PAY DEBTS ARE FOUNDED.
1, The act of September 16, 1776:
"Resolved, That, in addition to a money bounty of twenty
dollar-s to each non-commissioned officer and private sol-
dier, Congress make provision for granting lands, in the fol-
lowing pioportions, to the officers and soldiers who shall
engage in the service, and continue therein to the close of
the war, or until discharged by Congress, and to the repre-
sentatives of such officers and soldiers as shall be slam by
the enemy: such lands to be provided by the United btates;
