THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, Ist'Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 18.-59.
New Series No. 15.
'rabid Abolitionists and prejudiced foieigners.' De Bow's
excellent Iteview speaks of it as 'defending the institution
more than all argument, from the assault of ignorance and
prejudice;5 and anotUei piominent organ of southern opin-
ion, trusts that the South, with respect to the reception of
this hook, 'will not deserve the reproach of discouraging
the tieatment of the subject which concerns it most.'
'* Beiow will be found some criticisms on the book, from
the leading presses of the Union, showing its great value
as a defense of the southern institution of slavery:
u< Slave Life in the South.—In general,wcaie strongly
averse to mixing up special questions in ethics or politics
with ivhat i*.called pohfeliterature.' "* * 11 'Ofcomse,
there is frequently much matter of pith and moment in
the numerous hooks in which the discussion of the slavery
question, in all or a lew of its aspects, is thiown into The
.shape of stoiics or sketches. Indeed, theie are some that
touch the subject m a way so incidental and natuial, and
with so liulo of a partisan di.-putatious cpnit, that, if the
predisposition against tiiem be once oveieome, they may
he read with equal cnteit.iiinnent and instruction.
u 'Among the last pioductions to which we allude, wo un-
hesitatingly place a small and unpretending volume, being
a series of shoit sketches of slave life in the South, in the
form oflctteis, originally addiessed by the author, Edward
A. Pol laid, to a tnend.'—New Orleans Delia, (Editorial.)
'• 4Rabid Abolitions and prejudiced foreigner,' should
read this book. It represents slave life at the South as it is,
and not as it is represented by Mrs. Stowe and other partisan
wntcis, who view it only through the medium of their
passions and pie}udices. Mi. Pollard, southerner though
ho be, is yet far from being a bigoted wutci. Fixed as are
his views on the subject of slaveiy, he is too candid toup-
hold any of the abuses of the institution, and it is for this
icason that we recommend his book to pei^ons who have
iormed their opinions in legaid to it without the benefit of
peiftonai observation '—Ncio Yoik HctrdJ
*"' Mi. Pollard, of Vnginia, is a southern senlSeinan of the
true ^tanip. lie knows human liatiue well.' 11 ' ' VVe
can proim -e all an ample tewaul loi the <-e-t and tumble
<>i' an acquaintance with the content-- ol this mo-t 'nteiest-
ins hook, The lettei-. au; so many p-weN m tiien waj.
blaek by the subject, but bulliantiy haht'omc in it. It jsa
little mine lull of pionnsed diamond--.5— Ne-r Vorl: Ncu$.
' Mr. Poliaid diaws pleasant and entei tainmc pietuios of
the bughtside of slave life. Though the noitherii icadei wdl
find much in the book to which he cannot give h>^ a^cnt,
he will find it interesting.'—NewYorl Ciimc i and Enquirer.
"'The letters aic wnttcn m a dashing off handsale, and
the author writes on slaveiy as a Vugiiuan might he ex-
pected, showing the sunny side of the pecuhar institu-
tion.'—Boston Transcript. *
Ck' An exceedingly inteiesting'volume, quite in a new and
unaffected style, and s tukinglv illu'tiativeof ineident-and
character a- poitainmg to ''the peculiar institution." '—
Baltimore Sun.
"'They are, beyond all doubt, the most life lik° delin-
eations oi the neeiocvcrdiawn With the pen The work is
oiigmnl in ^conception, and, on it-<lii-t publication in the
form oi detached letters to a uortln in hiend, atliactcd no
little attention, and must have effected much good in fiee
labor regions. It will be read u nil interest at the South,
aho; and we trust tha* our section will notfoievei dc-erve
the leproach of demising ils own hteiary talent, and dis-
couiaginu the treatment of the subjects which eonccin it
—M.ihilc Register.
u 1 Dlack Diamonds, we heat, selling rapidlv in the
I\ioith,aml we aic persuaded it would meet with ccjual
favoi hi th" te'outh, li its muiits. woie known.''—Lynchburg
Vir?Jhian.
"' We tiu^t tlii-' little volume will meet with a Wide dis-
semination, and eontubute to molhfv pitju'h^e-e aaamst
doin-j tic -emmde, as it e\n-t> m this fCetion of the 1
Union.5—Georgia Tcle«rrq>h.
Mr. FAUNSWORTIX. Now, Mr. Clerk, I
propose to read from tins precious "jewel," as it
is denominated by the New York Herald, a few
extracts. From a letter in this book written from
South Carolina, in 1858, Mr. Pollard say*.:
" iiut m the first place, mv dear Jiiend, I rauu s,a\ that [
do not agice with your.iudpnont, that the davo trad" can-
not be leopencd by us exccpt by infraction of om statute
and tieaty law. 1 contend, on the contiaiy, that the eom-
meice in African labor can be earned on undei the penm.?-
<non of existing laws. Obscivc that the African may be
inipoaed of Ins own will, a-> an apprentice, toi any number
of yenis; and when lie anive-; in the South, what i-= tiieie
to pic vent him (although you -ay lie cannot alienate In* lib-
erty ) fjOin accepting inducement-. to live in bondage? This
i pi ant you, would be piactieailv the icopenmgoi the Ani-
ean slave ti.nl,:; but whcic exists the law that can suppress
a tia \a winch bu\> lahoi, not liberty, and winch n lOallv,
in a loial po.nt ot view, conducted on the ba-;i- of enfran-
chisement. Voii ina\ civ oat that lhi> ltiav Ik; an cmuvii
ot the law, a.id 1 will amply an-wer that you will find
that it veiy o.icn hceomes nece^aiy to evack- the lettei of
the law in some of the gieatObt mcusuies ol social happi-
ness and pAtiioti-m.
''I sincciOly helie*.c, dear V . that with the slave tiade
movement, rest-5, in a mea uie.'the gieat political piohicm
o 1'ie d iv, uu'iieh , a ya t ci"V.iuon o? the acneial e jndi! .011
of the e'outh, a*, aa u.ie^ia! pa.t of the l-Vd.^al L'iuoa
Tims you sec,by eliia para^n'ph, i.he seatinvn;.s
of this ciuihor. and tlicy uw indorsed by the lead-
ing Democratic papers of the country. Hi ad-
vocates going to Afiica, seizing- upon these poor,
deluded, helpless crcaturcs, gaining their consent,
as ho calls it, to be shipped to this country by the
middle passage as apprentices, and then after they
get them here, by some means or other, induce
them to live in perpetual bondage. He admits that
it is an evasion and infraction of the laws of the
United States, and justifies it upon the necessity,
as he calls it, of the ease. What more does he
say?
'• The proposition to icopcn the slave trade maybe mo-t
tiuly chaiaeteuzed as a measute to strengthen and elevate
the South m the Union; and this bemgtlie condition of the
peipetuationof the Union to us, as emphatically a conserv-
ative pulicy. In brief, dear 0., the slave trade proposition
means U.ijojj and rauservatism.
a The policy which I avow is, that the South shall sccure
to heivell the utmo.-t amount of piosp^rity, and stiengthen
herself in the Union, which, as sure as the gentle hasten-
mgs 011 of time, can only be prcscived on this condition.
This policy then—the only one to rave the Union—even if
adopting cxtrcmcst mea-?uies ever the tiuly 'conserva-
tive' one.
'• I must confess to you that I have the greatest contempt
for thattune-seivmg and shallow policy of many false poli-
tician® m ourseetion, who docuy a mea-ine ofsouthein pa-
triotism in ordei to consei ve our party interests in the N01 tb.
I refer to the coimseN of u cviinin cln<* of politicians who
tell us that our p.uty alliance at the Noith will be hazarded
by free discussion at the South, and that it is to be cemcuted
by oui abandonment of the proposition to leopen the slave
trade. Now, I truly honor our Democratic allies"In the
Noith ; but, lis n southerner, I am not disposed (and F am
sure, dear t\, for one. you would not demand of me) to
sacrifice to then piepnlieesany measure of domestic policy
which it is at once our UL'ht and our p.uamouni duty to
decide 011 for out-c;ve-\ Was the South to vudd up Kan-
sas 'for the sjjpc o«'p.utv If' tins the beginnm;? ol the
i end? A-- (.Jod is my pidee, f lonweai loiever this falsi;
1 pohev m tlic South, to i-aciiliee any intcic-t of hei-, to tlie
j coibohdation 01 pie>tiirc of a pau\ ^
I Now I want to know, whether that is the senti-
| mentof the Demociatic party upon this floor?
I Mr. COBB. As a member of the Democratic
| party, I have listened to gentlemen udoii the other
| side of the House, to see whether l,could hear
t them disavow the Helper book. I have not heard
1 it. The gentk mail now asks me, as a Democrat,
i whether 1 mdor.se the reopening of the African
i slave trade. I deprecate it. Now, gentleman,
I r.peak out in the same way, and tell me whether
' von indorse the Hclner book5
' " Mr.FAIlNfcJWORTI-I. I am very^lad to hear
the irentlennin from Alabama respond.
Mr. COnB. i will do it aiways, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will ask the gontle-
, men from South Carolina, whether either of them
indorses these sentiments?
Mr. MILES. I am quite willing to answer the
gentleman. ! most heartily, utterly, and from
the bottom of my son], deprecate any evasion of
any law of the 'fond. | Applause from the gal-
leries.] It is not simply as to the obligations of
the-Constitution or paper instruments, or com-
pacts engrossed on piuvhnvnt, but! recognize, in
addition, the " higher laio" of s-. ntimenl mid of
honor, that comoeis v-.v to obey the Constitution.
[Cms of '* Good!" nn<i n;>plause.]
Mr. ^ARNSWOIlTi-i. The pemleman has
ansveivd that he is opposed to evading or viola-
ting any law. 1 ask him whether ho is in favor
of the revival of the slave trade by the repeal of
, the law that prevents it?
Mr. MILKS. I am not prepared to say, Mr.
; Cleric, that I am in favor of reopening the Afri-
: can slave trade.
! Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the gentleman
opposed to it?
Mr. MlLES, I wish to speak with perfect
frankness. It is my habit to do so. I have no
disposition ever to shrink from or cvadearpirstion,
or to state my position with the leost obscurity.
I am r.ol prepared to say that I am in favor of re-
opening the African slave trade. I arn not pre-
pared to say that I may not he. at some future time,
m favor of reopening it; but] am prepared 10 say,
that so long as the laws of the land forbid our
engaging in that traffic, 1 am utterly opposed to
evading the laws or \ '>letm^ th- m in any shape
or 101m. [ Ap nb u.-j- from t ho t:. > IF - ei c j.] "\Viihre-
Fpeet to the ]>oJicy ot reopimms the African sl-r.'e
tiad'^, it is use-Ios-j end fiui'e now even to discuss
it. i beheve liiat that is the sentiment of the great
majority of the southern people—even of that
portion of the southern people who occupy, as I
do, the highest State-rights ground, and who be-
lieve that it is the right and privilege of the States
of this Confederacy to dcciae, under their consti-
tutional obligation, what xs best for their interest,
and their material prosperity and advancement.
There is no sensible man, North or South, who
believes that we can, in the present Union, reopen
the African slave trade legally. And I think that
very few men will advocate the reopening of it
illegally. I am certainly not one of those who
advocate anything illegal—anything that is not
perfectly open, aboveboard,and fair. Thatis my
position on the question. If I have riot answered
the gentleman fully and frankly, I desire that he
may further question me, and 1 will endeavor to
do so. Now, I would like to ask that gentleman
whether he is in favor of the repeal of the fugitive
slave law, or of any modification of the fugitive
slave law as it now stands on the statute-book?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will come to that
question by-and-by. [Hisses from the Demo-
cratic benches, and cries of " Answer now!"] I
will put my question to various gentlemen on my
left, and one at a time. When they get through
answering, I will pursue my argument, and come
to this question.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Illinois
has seen that his party and himself have been
arraigned for the indorsement of a book which is
pronounced incendiary and revolutionary.
Mr. FAPvNSWORTH. I do not yield for the
purpose of a speech.
Mr. PtEAGAN. I do not intend to make a
speech. The gentleman, instead of getting up and
saying that he indorses or docs not indorse that
book, comes here and propounds doctrines which
he regards as odious to the people of the nation,
and asks if we indorse a sentiment proposing to
evade the law of the land, or to reopen the slave
trade. I tell the gentleman, for one, that I went
before one of the largest districts in the extreme
southern part of the nation, and was indorsed by
a strength of public sentiment in favor of law and
order and justice, greater than the public senti-
ment against law and order and union which sent
that gentleman here. Now, will the gentleman
answer me this question fanly ? Does he indorse
the doctrines of the Helper book, to which his
name is attached 5 Let him answer like a man,
whether he indorses or repudiates those doctrincs.
[Applause from the Democratic benches and the
galleries.]
The CLERK called the galleries to order, de-
claring that if the order and decorum of the House
were again violated he would feci it his duty to
exercise the authority vested in him, and enforce
the order of the House.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Illinois permit me to say a word here ?
Several Democratic Members. Let himself
answer.
Mr. STANTON. I hope gentlemen will not
object.
Mr. IvEITT. Go on; nobody objects.
Mr. STANTON. I have heretofore sternly
refused to make any response to the charges made
against me as one of the indorseis of the Helper
book, because I thought they were made in atone
of menace and intimidation, which forbade my
reply. The gentleman from South Carolina has
very frankly answered inquiries propounded to
him in what I supposed to be pretty much the
same spirit; and I now feel it due to myself to say
that, for myself and those whom 1 represent here,
so far as that Helper book countenances the idea
of servile insurrection, I utterly abhor and detest
it. There is not a man in my district—there arc
not as many men outside of the penitentiary as
there are in it in the State of Ohio—who would
tolerate ruieh a thing f'*r a moment.
Mr. MILES. I understand the gentleman from
Ohio to say that ho declined answering these ques-
tions. hitherto propounded, becattse he thought
ihey had been propounded in a spirit of menace
and intimidation; but that, as I responded to ques-
tions apparently put in the same spirit,he would
15
