I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
and whatever expense shall be necessary to piocure such
land, the said expense shall be paid and borne by the States,
in the same proportion as the other expenses ot the war,
namely: to a colonel, five liundied acres; to a lieutenant
colonel, Tour hundred and fifty acres; to a major, four hun-
dred acies; to a captain, three bundled acies; to a lieuten-
ant, two hundred acres; to an ensign, one bundled and
fifty acres; each non-commissioned oiiheer and soldier, one
hundred acres."
2. And Congress afterward was obliged to add
the resolve of May 15, 1778:
" Resolved, unanimously, That all military officers com-
missioned by Congress, who are now or hereafter may be
in the service of the United States, and shall continue
therein during the war, and not hold any office oi profit
under those Slates, or any of them, shall, after the conclu-
sion of the war, be entitled to receive annually, for the term
of seven years, if they live so long, one half of the present
pay of such officers: Provided, That no general officer of
the cavalry, artillery, or infantry, shall be entitled to re-
ceive more than one halt pait of the pay of a colonel of
such corps,respectively."
3. Seven years'half pay, in specie or current
money equivalent:
" Resolved, That the coinmander-in-chief and command-
ing officer in the southern department direct the officers of
each State to meet and agree upon the officers for the regi-
ments to be raised by their respective States, from those
who incline to continue in service; and where it cannot
be done by agreement, to be determined by senioiity, and
make return of those who are to remain; which is to be
transmitted to Congress, together with the names of the
officers reduced, who are to be allowed half pay for life.
That the officers who shall continue in the service to the
end of the war shall be entitled to half pay during life, to
commence from the time of their reduction."
This last contract was payable in specie, or
current money equivalent—made at a time when,
by positive law of Congress, the certificates of the
Government were to be discharged at the rate of
ninety-seven cents discount on every dollar.
4. The act of May 15, 1778, was extended to
the widows of those officers who have died or
shall hereafter die in service:
"Resolved, That the resolution of the 15th May, 1778,
granting bait pay for seven years to the officers of the Army
who should continue in scivico to the end of the wai, be
extended to the widows of those officers who have died or
shall hereaftei die in the service; to commence fioin the
time of such officer's death, and continue for the term of
seven years; oril there be no widow, or mease of her death
or intermarriage, the said half pay be given to the orphan
children ot the officer dying as aforesaid, if he shall have
left any."—Congress, August 24,1780.
5. These acts were reaffirmed and extended by
act of December 31, 1781.
6. These claims are again reaffirmed, and made
preferred debts, by the resolution of June 3, 1784:
" That an interest of six per ecnt. per annum shall be al-
lowed to all creditors of the United States, for supplies; fur-
nished, or services done, from the time the payment became
due."
This extended to all their arrears of pay long
due, as well as to their half pay. Chief Justice
Gilchrist, in a recent decision, m alluding to this
resolve, says:
"No language could be more express or free from doubt
than this. The resolution wfw passed from a feeling that
it was just and right that interest should be paid from the
time the half pay became due; and it was a voluntary con-
tract on the part of the United States, constituting a legal
claim against them, which no subsequent legislation could
release without the consent of the other party."
This act not only affirms these obligations to be
preferred and to be still a subsisting contract, but
they are further confirmed by the later act—March
8, 1850:
"Resolved, That the officers who retired under the re-
solve oftheSlst December, 1781, are equally entitled to half
pay or commutation, with tho.se officers who i<?tired under
the resolves of the 3d and 21st October, 1780."
The history and the relations of these creditors
with the General Government ought not to be for-
gotten, in connection with the contract for half
pay for life, that the Governmentwas driven from
one expedient to another, which the imperative
necessities of the moment required, to induce en-
gagements for the war, as will be seen by the fol-
lowing summary:
" i Promising grants of land—September 36,1776.
"2. Seven years' half pay to those who should serve to
the end of the war—May IB, 1778.
"3. Seven years' half pay. in specie or current money, to
the supernumerar\*officci?, to commence January 1, 1781;
as alsjo grants of land—(October 3, 1780.
"4. Not being able to meet the half pay of a single year,
in specie or current money, they increase the seven years'
half pay to half pay during life—OctoberSl, 1780.
"5. As peace had been conquered, and the Government
were unable to pay the officer* their airears for monthly
pay, or to make any provision for their halt pay duiing life,
they resorted to another expedient, of promising the offi-
cers five years' full pay, in specie or securities, with inter-
est, payable annually—March 23, 1783.
"fi. Not being able to payor secure this small amount
of their claim, resorted to another desperate expedient,
and caused the Paymaster General to tesue and send to the
officers more of these repudiated certificates, as specie and
securities.
" 7. Not being able to pay t&e interest of a single year,
iepudidte them.
"Finally, reported to a funding act, by which the ncvp
Government propose an arrangement by which there is to
be no distinction between the officer who has been charged
{$2,400 m commutation, aud the person to whom he has
sold them at the value fixed by law—for sixty dollars."
What, then, can be said in answer to these
claims?
1. It is attempted to be shown that the act of
March 22, 1783, promising five years' full pay in
specie or security, instead of half pay for life,
was passed at the request of the officers. It is
conceded that the half-pay debts were never paid
as half pay, nor was the acFfor five years' full
pay ever fulfilled, but utterly failed to redeem its
engagements. Not only so, this act was wholly
dependent on the resolve of January 25, 1783,
and the securities contemplated arid promised in
that act, which became a part of the act of March
22,1783. For the purpose of correcting the erro-
neous impressions of the public and Congress in
relation to the objects embraced in the request of
the few officers referred to, I have felt it my duty
to give it in full. It will be seen, by that and the
answer of Congress, that the distress of the officers
was very great; and that the request involved the
anticipation of having all their claims secured,
which, m many instances,amounted,for advances
and services, to ten times more than the commu-
tation. The manner in which the commutation
was to be sccured, having been omitted in the act
of March 22, and the half-pay debts being pay-
able "in specie, or other current money," the
United States were bound by all the principles of
law to pay in specie or give such security as was
contemplated in the act of January 25, 1783. It
is admitted by the Government that the act of
March 22 did not repeal that of October 21,1780;
and therefore the Paymaster General had no right
to charge and force upon the officers those value-
less certificates as full pay.
1. Because, by the terms of the act itself, the
officers were expressly prohibited from express-
ing their dissent to the same, individually.
2. Because this resolve was not passed until
after the peace—after the contract had been ful-
filled on the part of the officers.
3. Because it was well known to Congress, at
the time of the passage of that act the Government
had no power to comply with any of the condi-
tions of that act, either to pay said officers in spe-
cie or give them security.
The answer of the officers to the resolves of
Congress of the 25th of January, 1783, provescon-
clusively that they were induced to consider the
proposition of five years' full pay in connection
with the expectation that they would roccivo an
amount of money and have all their other and
larger claims, as well as the commutation made
safe " by substantial funds." Therefore we find
that, on the 15th of March, 1783, seven days only
previous to the passage of this act, after hearing
a most patriotic and thrilling address of General
Washington—these officers
" Resolved. That the unanimous thanks of the officers of
the A i my be presented to his excellency, the commander-
in-ehief,"for his excellent address, and the communication
he ha^ been pleaded to make them, and that he he assured
that the officers reciprocate hn affectionate expressions
with the greatest sincerity of which the human mind can
be capable."
The address from the Army to Congress—the
report of the committee from the Army, and the
resolutions of Congress of the 25th of January,
1783, being read—
" Resolced unanimously, That the Army continue to have
an unshaken confidence in the justice of Congress and their
country, and are fully convinced that the rcpiesentativcs of
Ameiica will not disband or dwpcr>e the Army until their
accounts are liquidated, the balance accurately asceitained,
and adequate iunds established for payment, and in this
ariangement the officers! expect that the half pay, or com-
mutation of it, should be efficaciously comprehended.
"Resolved unanimously, That," &c., etc., "the pro-
ceedings of this day be transmitted by the President to Ma-
jor McDougal, and that he be requested to continue bis
solicitations at Congress until the object of his mission had
been accomplished."
The States failing to comply with the resolves
of January 25,1783, Congress found it necessary
to pass the law of October 18, 1783. On the 18th
October, 1783, (4 vol. Journals by Way & Gid-
eon, p. 299,) Congress adopted a proclamatioa
announcing the peace, -and tnat ■ •
"In the progiess of an arduous and difficult war, the
armies of the United States of America have eminently
displayed every military and patriotic virtue, and are not
less to be applauded for their fortitude and magnanlmUyin
the most trying scenes of distress, th&n for a series of heroic
and illustrious achievements which 'exalt them to a high
rank among the most 2fealo.us and successful defenders of
the rights and liberties of mankind." * * * «\Ve
therefore, the United States, in Congress assembled, thus
impressed with a lively sense of the distinguished merit
and good conduct of the said armies, de give them the thanks
of the country, for their long, eminent, and faithful ser-
vices ; and it is our will and pleasure thatsuch of the Fed-
eral armies as stand engaged to serve during the war, and as,
by our acts of 26th May, the 11th day of June, the 9th day
of August, and the 26th day of September last, were lur-
loughed, shall, fiom and aftcrthe 3d day of'November next,
be absolutely discharged, by virtue of this our proclama-
tion, from the said servicc; and we do also declate that the
further services in the field of the officers who are deranged
and on furlough, m consequence of our aforesaid acts, can
now be dispensed with, and they have our full permission
to retire from service without being longer liable fiom their
present engagements to be called into command."
By which itis clearlyproved, that all the propo-
sitions made by Congress to pay the half pay or
commutation in specie or securities failed. It ?s
therefore impossible to imagine that these depre-
ciated certificates charged to the officers could in
any way impair the half-pay contract. The only
question which could probably arise, would be,
what amount these creditors should allow for said
certificates:
"There is no rule of law more clearly settled or sus-
tained by higher authorities than that,
" An allowance of a poition of a debt as the balance due,
and the reception by the creditor, is no bar or compromise
ot the claim.
The principle of compromise, by the payment of a less
sum, always presumes—
" 1. That it is made free from compulsion.
" 2. That there has bceu no concealment or misrepre-
sentation by the debtor of his pecuniary condition.
'• 3. That at the time of the rcceipt of a less sum as a
compromise, it must alho be presumed that the creditor has
the opportunity of enforcing his claim by a court of law."
And it is well known that these creditors were
excluded by law from sueing the Government
until a partial jurisdiction was gi^n to the Court
of Claims. The poverty of the old Confederation
up to the time of its expiration, and its consequent
inability and failure to make provision for pay-
ment, or security for payment, at some distant
timo—or even for the payment of interest, which
was payable annually—precludes the idea of any
assent of the officers to receive these certificates
as an accord and satisfaction of the half-pay debt,
which was payable in specie or current money
equivalent.
In the case of the United States vs. Dickson,
15 Peters, p. 162—
" The Supreme Court of the United States say that the
construction given to the laws by any Department of the
executive Government, is necessarily ex parte without the
benefit of an opposing argument in a suit where the very
matter is m controversy ; and when the construction is once
given, theie n no oppoitunity to question or revise it by
those who are most interested in it as officers, deriving their
salary and emoluments therefrom ; for they cannot bring the
test by a judicial decision. It i-< only when they are Micd
by the Government for some supposed balance, that they
can assert their right", if the tenor ot the law be not man-
datory of a mere ministerial act to be done, then the head of
Department acts according to his discretion, in subordina-
tion always to his constitutional and legal relation to the
President of the United States."—Decatur vs. Puuldfrigj
14 Peters, p 497.
It may happen that a claim shall arise which,
according to the plain terms of the law, is not
within its provisions, or which is not proved by
the evidence which the law prescribes, and4 so is
rejected by the Secretary. In such a case the
claimant may apply to Congress, and that body
may pass aprivate law for the relief of the party,
dispensingwith its own condition of applicability,
or its prescribed rules of evidence. But no such
dispensing power resides in the Secretary.
It was settled to be no bar, even where Con-
gress, in the act allowing it, declared it to be for
the half pay for life. (Case of Thomas H. Baird.)
The declarations of those who were cotempo-
raneous with the events of the early days of our
Republic, and who voted for the act of March 22,
1783, prove that these certificates were accepted
with reluctance, or forced upon them.
Mr. Smith, of Maryland, contended that none
of the Maryland line ever expressed their consent
to the act of 1783:
" They therefore, could never in fact, have come under
the provisions of the commutation law. It was true, that
when they came home from service theyfound that the law
had passed, and that they must take the commutation ©r
