1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
pupils, not fit to govern themselves, of whom we j
take care, and with whonj we may hold councils.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will indicate the amendment which will
accomplish his purpose, I will not object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Strike out the words " treaty of
peace, amity," &c., and insert the.word " coun-
cil."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Thatwill accomplish my
purpose. The object is to get at the expense of
holding a council.
Mr. PITCH. I apprehend that the amendment
will fail in the object desired by the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs in one instance:
the instance of theChippewasof Red Lake. They
are different altogether from these nomadic tribes.
Many of them, particularly their half-breeds, are
an agricultural people. There are whites largely
intermingled with tnem from across the line in the
British Selkirk settlement, cultivating land to
which they have no title. They are a semi-intel-
ligent people, at least, and a treaty may properly
be made with them; but I grant thata treaty with
wild tribes of the West would bo a farce.
Mr. GREEN. I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is entirely at fault. A council is an inter-
view; it is conferring together. A treaty is an
agreement, a conclusion. The object of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas is to arrive at an agreement.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me to say that this is only a reso-
lution requesting the Secretary of the Interior to
make an estimate of the expense for this purpose.
I imagine that the expense of one procedure is
about the same as of the other. The answer to
this resolution by the Department will not con-
clude the Senate at all. It does not follow,"as a
matter of course, that we shall make the appro-
friation. That is a subjectfor future consideration.
suppose it may as well go as it is.
Mr. GREEN. If it be a mere interview for the
purpose of understanding each other, I have 110
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Mississippi move the amendment ?
Mr. DAVIS, to s, sir; I move the amend-
ment. I will not press the argument on the Sen-
ate, as I suppose it is understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi—inline three strike out the words " make
a treaty of peace, amity, &e.,'1 and insert the
words "hold a council; and in line nine strike
out the word " treaty, "and insert the word " coun-
cil."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to know
how the resolution reads now, with the amend-
ment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be
requested to make ail estimate ot the amount that will be
required to hold a council with the Kioways, Comanches,
and other Indians who 10am near the Arkansas nvei, west
of the one hundredth degree of west longitude; with the
Arapahoes and Cheyenncs, loeated below the South Fork
of the Platte liver; with the Siou* lind other Indians of the
plains, to be concentrated for the occabion at Deer creek,
<1 tributary of the Platte river; and also for a council with
the lied Lake Chippewas, and the Indians of the Red river,
in the State of Minnesota, for the extinguishment of their
title to lands in that State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall make no prop-
osition to amend; but I think the "Senate has been
entirely satisfied for years past that we have been
proceeding with but little policy in making these
continued purchases from the Indian tribes. We
have, for the purchase of lands which we did not
want, involved ourselves in a debt to the Indians
in one way or another, which constitutes a very
considerable figure in.our financial affairs and in
our annual bills of appropriation. I think my-
self we should stop in this career. We do not
want the land, and surely it is not our policy to
purchase land which we do not want, in order
that we may pay interest on the purchase money.
I do not know what the object of these councils
is; but I am very much afraid they will eventu-
ate in treaties for extinguishing Indian titles, to
which I should be opposed. I hope the Senate
will reflect on this subject, whether it is their
wish or purpose to proceed to the continual ac-
quisition of Indian lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I concur in the views ex-
pressed by the Senator from Kentucky as to tlie
acquisition of more territory from the Indians at
this time. The Senator, however, I am sure, mis-
understands the object of this resolution. It is not
contemplated by the Department to make these
treaties for the purpose of acquiring territory.
They are to be made \yith those wild and nomadic
tribes who range over the vast plains and mount-
ains in the vicinity of the new territory of Pike's
Peak. I suppose it would be very difficult to say
that any of those Indian tribes has a possessory'
right to the soil within any particular limit; but
it is necessary for the protection of emigrants that
we should have some friendly understanding or
accommodation with them, the amount of which
would be that, in consideration of stipulations on
their side not to molest our emigrants, we should
pay them a small annuity in goods or money. If
the Senator remembers anything about the main
features of the stipulations of the treaty of Port
Laramie, that I think is what is in contemplation
by the Department—a small annual present in
goods, as a real or nominal compensation for
those advantages which they suppose they do
surrender in giving up their country to the free
and unmolested intercourse of the whites.
These treaties have been found to be a pretty
sure security for peace heretofore. They cost the
Government but little; they cede no land; they
are very plain and simple in their provisions. I
think we may well venture in this case to continue
a little further the policy which has operated very
well heretofore. It is not in contemplation, so far
as the treaties with the tribes around the Blue
hills of the Stony mountains and of the plains
between Missouri and Pike's Peak are concerned,
to ask for, or -treat for, any cession of territory.
What may be precisely in contemplation with the
Chippewas of the Red River of the North, the
Senator from Indiana is probably better advised
than I am.
Under these circumstances, inasmuch as the
Senate does not conclude itself at all by passing
this resolution, which only provides for obtain-
ing information that may be used in acertain con-
tingency, I think it may well be allowed to pass
without any further question. The real point will
come up afterwards 011 the propriety of an appro-
priation for this purpose after we obtain the in-
formation.
Mr. MASON. I have looked at the resolu-
tion, and 1 see that the latter clause contemplates
a treaty for the acquisition of land and the extin-
guishment of Indian title.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. What Indians does the
Senator mean ?
Mr. MASON. The latter clause of the reso-
lution ; T do not remember the name ofthe Indians.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator yield to me a
moment?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICE. In 1854 Congress passed a law
authorizing the President to make treaties with cer-
tain Indian tribes in the then Territory of Min-
nesota; and there was an appropriation of $10,000
made at that time. Negotiations were entered
into with the northern tribes in Minnesota, and
treaties were made with all but two small bands.
They never had any definite line of boundary be-
tween those different bands. The treaties were
concluded with all, except one band at Red Lake,
and one upon the Red River of the North. Those
two bands own a small tract of country. They
kave never concluded any treaties with the United
Slates. One, I believe, was negotiated ill 1852,
but it was not ratified. A dispute has arisen be-
tween those two bands and the other bands that
did cede, in regard to the boundary. These In-
dians are very much dissatisfied, and arc giving
the people of the State of Minnesota a great deal
jj of trouble. Upon the Red river there is a steam-
boat; and upon the border of the river the Indian
title to the land is held by these two bands. I
received letters yesterday which state that the
owners of the boat are compel led to keep a guard
there to prevent the Indians from destroying it.
There is a large amount of goods taken to the
Hudson's Bay Company through that river an-
nually. The Hudson's Bay Company send two
hundred and fifty tons of goods down that river.
The object now is to make a treaty with these
Indians, either for the purpose of extinguishing
the title to the small strip they own, or to so much
of it as will permit the free navigation of the river,
or to enter into some negotiations with them which
will satisfy them in regard to the treaties that
were made with the adjoining bands. It is the
only strip of country within the boundaries of our
State that belongs to the Indians, excepting such
as has been specially reserved under former trea-
ties. These two small bands of Indians live upon
the extreme northern line of our State. They are
very poor. Their game, in consequence of the
whites having surrounded them, has become ex-
tinct. They are without implements, even for
the purpose of tilling the soil. They have never
received a dollar from the Government. They
are not only starving, but are nearly naked.
There are two purposes in view: one is to per-
mit American citizens to navigate that river; and
the other is to provide for these Indians, so that
they may be comfortable—I think they number
about three hundred in all—and to carry out an
existing law.
Mr. MASON. I remember that, some year or
two ago—two years ago, possibly—when there
was-a proposition here to ratify certain Indian
treaties which had provided for the extinguish-
ment of Indian .titles, I think on the Pacific slope,
and the treaties were not ratified,it was said that
in consequence Indian wars would arise out of it;
that the treaties having been made, and the In-
dians being of course an ignorant, unenlightened
people, would not know anything about the re-
straints or limitations of our Government; and
the failure to confirm the treaties, thus disappoint-
ing the Indians, would necessarily lead to war.
There was a -good deal in the argument; but it
went to show the imprudence of making such
treaties. Now, sir, I have been driven, as far as
I am concerned, to the fixed and settled policy of
acquiring no further land from the Indian tribes,
if it can be avoided. If itis necessary to restrain
the Indians in the intercourse with the whites who
go amongst them, do it, if you please, by sol-
diery—by force; but the acquisition of Indian ter-
ritory enlarges the public domain, encumbers the
Government, demoralizes it, and leads to the spec-
tacle which we witness here from session to ses-
sion, of an attempt to bribe the popular mind by
largesses of the public lands. Within the last few
years, we have passed laws giving a bounty in
land to the soldiers of the last war with Great
Britain—a mere gratuity. Now, there is a bill
pending before the Senate, which has already
passed the other House, for giving gratuities in
the public lands to the people—a course of policy*
that I should think would tend more to demoral-
ize the country, to say nothing of the other objec-
tions in point of propriety, than any that could be
devised.
I cannot look, therefore, on this further acqui-
sition of public lands, other than as one that
would tend to increase that growing evil arising
out of the public domain. I have noreluctance in
the world to exercise the Federal power as far as
may be necessary for the protection of our people
who go amongst the Indianf, if they go there pur-
suant to law, or for the protection of any course
of trade that may grow up with them; but I would
do it with a military force, and I would make no
further acquisition of public land if I can help it—
certainly not until we get rid of the present bur-
den upon the country in relation to the public
lands. I move, therefore, to strike out that clause
of theresolution—the lastclause—which proposes
instructions to treat for the extinguishment of In-
dian title.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the avowal
of a purpose on the part of two or more Senators
not to extinguish any more Indian titles, brings a
very grave and serious question before us. I
hardly see how we are to avoid making further
! Indian treaties. It seems to me that it is indis-
pensable, and particularly in the very country re-
ferred to-by this resolution. The chief part of this
resolution relates to the Indians in and about Pike's
Peak—the gold mines of the Rocky Mountains.
We are informed that there are in those mount-
ains now, engaged in mining, from twenty to
thirty thousand people; and they are men, for there
are scarcely |jiy women, and probably no chil-
dren—men enough to constitute aState—men who,
if they had their families with them, would give
the full population requisite for a State. I believe
those men are all trespassers upon the public
lands. Tlfey are there not only without the sanc-
tion of law, but in violation of law. I believe
they are there in violation of the Indian inter-
course law. I may not be accurate, but my
