1860.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
recollection is that that law imposes a penalty—
perhaps six months' imprisonment, and a fine not
exceeding $1,000, for every man that goes there.
Still they are there. The laws have not been en-
forced, preventing those people from trespassing
on the Indian lands. You stand by until you have
got twenty thousand men there at work, and until
millions of dollars' worth of property has been
taken there for the purpose of engaging in mining;
and, then, when it is proposed to treat with the
Indians for the purpose of extinguishing their
title, and legalizing this possession, which you
have stood by and permitted to take place, we are
told that we are to extinguish no more Indian
titles!
You find a curious state of things in the very
country to which this resolution refers. Most of
the gold miners at Pike'sPeak are within the or-
ganized Territory of Kansas—within the jurisdic-
tion of the territorial government created'by Con-
gress. These twenty thousand men have gone
there and taken possession of the Indian country,
in violation of your Indian intercourse law. They
have taken possession of your public lands, and
opened gold mines, withoutany authority of law.
They have gone further: they have organized a
government of their own in rebellion against the
government established by Congress. They have
erected a squatter government, in virtue of no
other title than squatter sovereignty, on this public
domain, where they are trespassers; where they
have gone in violation of law. Having established
a government in derogation of the government
which Congress established; having elected a Le-
gislature, denying the authority of the Legisla-
ture of the organized Territory created by Con-
gress; having elected a Governor to supersede the
functions of Governor Medary, whom the Presi-
dent appointed and the Senate confirmed, they
are proceeding to make laws in that country sub-
versive of the authority of Congress; organizing
counties, laying outandchartex-ing towns, levying
taxes upon property to which they have no title,
giving tax titles, and punishing crimes by penal-
ties different from those of the Territorial Legis-
lature which you have established.
Are we to stand by and allow this state of
things to go on, refuse to enforce the laws by
-which these people could be kept off the Indian
lands, and, at the same time, refuse to extinguish
the Indian title and thereby to legalize the settle-
ment? Are we to refuse to sanction what has
been done, and yet refuse to break up the settle-
ment, and leave these people with an irnegular,
unlawful government, in rebellion against the au-
thority of theUnited States? Will you decline
to bring in a bill to organize a territorial govern-
ment there and legalize the settlement ? Sir, we
cannot stand still. We must either retreat or ad-
vance. We must either enforce the Indian inter-
course law, and drive these people off these lands
and away from these mines and protect the In-
dians, or we must extinguish the Indian title and
organize a territorial government, and convert this
squatter sovereignty into popular sovereignty, ac-
cording to the law and the Constitution. That
is my idea. For one, I think we are bound to
extinguish the Indian title; we are bound to re-
move the penalties that hang over these settlers;
we are bound to organize a government for them.
I will not now go into an argument showing the
necessity of doing so. I should not have said as
much as I have said, but for the remarks of the
Senator from Virginia, who says he is opposed
to the extinguishment of any more Indian title,
and particularly at the place referred to by this
resolution;-to wit, the gold region about Pike's
Peak.
Mr. MASON. The Senator misunderstands
me. I did not say a word of that, at all. I am
averse to extinguishing it anywhere. If they
have gone there, let them work out their own
salvation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So much the worse. I said
" particularly around Pike's Peak," because the
resolution referred particularly and specially to
that country. The Senator is opposed to extin-
guishing the Indian title anywhere; and he says,
if these people have gone there, let them work out
their own salvation. How? Trespass on the
Indian lands, get up an Indian war, running upa
debt of five or six million dollars, as was done in
Washington Territory, and then come to the Con-
gress of the United States to get us to foot the bill ?
That is the way they will work out their salvation.
If you do not protect them against the Indians,
they will protect themselves. If you do not give
them law for the punishment of crime, they will
make their own laws. If you do not establish a
government for them, they will establish their own
government. If you do notextinguish the Indian
title, they will take posssession, as they have done;
the Indians will resist; bloodshed will follow; an
Indian war will be the consequence, and it will
rage up and down the whole length of your border
settlements, not only on this side of the mount-
ains, but on the other; and you will have a war
threatening the border of California and Oregon
on the west, and of Minnesota and Iowa, and
Kansas and Nebraska, and Arkansas and Texas,
on the east. The Senator's policy is for us to
fold our arms and let them work out their own
salvation!
Sir, I am opposed to allowing these' people to
work out their own salvation, politically, in that
way. Let us prescribe by law what country is
open to settlemen t, and what country is not. That
which is closed, let it be kept closed. Let the
laws against intrusion be firmly, vigorously en-
forced; let trespassers be kept off Indian reserva-
tions and Indian lands; but if the country is open
to settlement, give them government, give them
law, and do not leave them to work out their own
salvation through blood and violence. I repeat,
therefore, that we must do one of two things with
reference to Pike's Peak and the country sur-
rounding it, including all that gold region: wc must
either extinguish the Indian title, or we must en-
force the Indian intercourse law, by driving off the
settlers and punishing them for having in%raded
the country.
The same remarks are true in reference to the
Territory of Nevada. The Pacific coast now is
in a blaze of excitement about the grand discov-
eries of silver at Washoe, on the east side of the
Sierra Nevada mountains, in Carson's Valley, in
the Territory of Utah. So far as I know, you
have never made an Indian treaty, or extinguished
an Indian title there. We are told there will be a
hundred thousand people in that Territory within
the next six months. Daily lines of stages, I be-
lieve, are now running from the capital of Cali-
fornia over to that country. Are you going to let
those people work out their own salvation ? They
have begun; they have organized a government at
Carson's Valley, which they call the Territory
of Nevada. Two thirds of it is within the organ-
ized Territory of Utah, and one third within the
State of California. A government thus carved
out of a Territory of the United States and one
of the States of the Union, has been organized,
with a Legislature of its own creation, with a Gov-
ernor of its own election, and two Delegates have
been sent here to Congress to represent the Ter-
ritory of Nevada—a territory not marked on your
maps; a territory unknown to your statute-book;
a territory filled with settlers who are trespassers
on the Indian lands, trespassers on the public
lands. You will not legalize their going, and you
will not enforce the laws against them. You will
not compel them to submit to the territorial gov-
ernment you have established, and you will not
give tliem a newone; but you will let them work
out their own salvatian, through blood, revolu-
tion, and violence. That seems to be the policy
of the Senator from Virginia.
Sir, this let-alone policy will not do in this age
of government and of law. You will have more
Indian wars on your borders than you contract
for, unless you do make Indian treaties; unless
you keep your treaties; unless you enforce your
Indian intercourse law; unless you say to the set-
tler, such a country is open to settlement, and
such a one is not; and unless you organize Ter-
ritories for the people, instead of leaving them to
protect themselves with the rifle and the bowie-
knife as best they can. Sir, I will not take up
time. I did not intend to say a word, but I felt
compelled to protest against the policy of the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the remarks of
the Senator from Illinois may be very appropri-
ate for or against—and I am .not sure which—the
Indian intercourse act; but I cannot sec the appli-
cation they have to the pending resolution. The
resolution which is before us, and to which I of-
fered an amendment, is for no such purpose as
he supposes. The amendment which I offered
does not at all affect the power of the United States-
to limit the Indians to certain districts of country
in which they shall reside, or to open districts of
country to settlement hereafter. To hold a coun-
cil with them seemed to me appropriate to their
dependent condition—following out the great de-
cree that the sons of Japhet should dwell in the •
tents of Shem. I admit the law; it is not in our
power to control it. But what has the resolution
to do with the Indian intercourse act? and with
what Indians would you treat for the country on
which these miners have settled in the neighbor-
hood of Pike's Peak?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator to pause. It i3 the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to postpone the
special order, as I shall not occupy the time of
the Senate long.
Mr. MALLORY. What is the special order'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday—the bill in relation to the
Florida claims.
Mr. MALLORY. I dislike very much to see
that postponed. I fear this will run into a dis-
cussion; and if we pass over the Florida cases
now, there is no telling when they will come up
before us again. I trust their friends will not
pass them over. They are now fairly before the
Senate.
The motion to postpone was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes twenty-six, noeS not
counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to ask, Mr. Presi-
dent, with whom would a treaty be made to per-
mit white men to occupy the country about Pike's
Peak ? It can scarcely be said to be possessed by
Indians. Roving bands, denominated in prairie
language the long-haired Indians, sweep over it
as the tide which ebbs and flows, following the*
buffalo from north to south, and tracking the herd
in one direction or the other. Indians coming
out of the mountain fastnesses in particular, sea-
sons of the year enter upon this country. They
cann t be said to occupy it. They have no metes
and boundsprescribedforparticulartribes. They
mingle with each other; they are cognate tribes,
hunting equally together. I know of no tribe
with which you would treat to extinguish a title
at that place; and the well-informed chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs did not direct his
resolution to that. The only portion of it relat-
ing to the extinguishment of Indian title refers to
the country on the Red River of the North, where
the Indians, having more of a local habitation,
do possess some country; and there he desired to
extinguish the Indian title.
The argument of the Senator from Illinois,
therefore, was directed to something not con-
tained in the resolution; was outside of anything
which the Senate is now considering. Indian
wars to occur at Pike's Peak, or prosecutions
against trespassers under the Indian intercourse
act, are matters entirely outside of the resolution
offered by the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. It is 'to hold a council with these
nomadic tribes, to secure persons passing over the
prairies; not to extinguish the so-called title, but
to restiain them from committing depredations
upon persons who, for any reason, may wish to
cross the intermediate country lying between
our settlements on the Rio Grande and the Mis-
souri.
As to the Indian intercourse act, certainly under
its terms these people may be said to be trespassers,
because the country has not been thrown open to
settlement. If a proposition be made to throw
that country open to settlement, because it is now
occupied, or because more intend to go into it,
that will be a question for consideration when it
arises; and I do not concur with the Senator from
Virginia. I do not choose that a hunting race
shall hold a large district of country, when an
agricultural people require it for their uses. They
must give way. The very law of nature requires
them to recede when pressed by the stronger race.
Our own policy has been to retain tliem within
fixed limits. It is the means by which we seek
to make them an agricultural people. I consider
it a sound policy, and one to be pursued here-
after.
As to the Indians on the Red RiveroYthe North,
they arc the most formidable Indians with whom
we shall probably ever have to deal. They are
