1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. POSTER, from the same committee, also
made adverse reports upon the petitions of W. P.
Rathburn and Joel Williams; which were sever-
ally laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ABIGAIL A. BINGHAM.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Abigail A. Bingham; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
LOUISA SWEETMAN.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting half pay for five years to
Louisa Sweetman, widow of James Sweetman;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JAMES L. WILLIAMS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill granting a pension to
James L. Williams; which was read a first and
second time,referred toaCommitteeof the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
JOIIN MANDEVILLE AND OTHERS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of John and Sarah
Mandeville, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
CALEB WARNER.
Mr. McPHERSON, from the Committee on
Public Grounds, made an adverse report on the
petition of Caleb Warner, prayingfor compensa-
tion for property lost; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be piinted.
HOSPITAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CARTER. I ask unanimous consent
to withdraw from the Committee of the Whole
House the bill (H. R. No. 552) to incorporate
the Regents of the General Hospital for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and have it referred back to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, objected.
Mr. TAPPAN. In order to facilitate the busi-
ness upon the Private Calendar, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make to-morrow
objection day.
No objection being made, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
And then, on motion of Mr DAVIS, of In-
diana, (at half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 19, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guri.ey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.*'
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented resolutions of
the Board of Trade of the city of Racme, Wiscon-
sin, in favor of the erection of a beacon-light on
the pier at that place; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Samuel
Byington, John P. Coyle, and others, holders of
property fronting on Missouri avenue, between
Third and Sixth streets, in the city ofWashing-
ton, praying that an appropriation be made to
pave the sidewalk on the south side of that ave-
nue, owned by the Government; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. HARL&N. I present the memorial of the
Dubuque and Pacific; Railroad Company, in which
they allege that on the loth of May, 1856, Con-
gress granted certain lands to the State of Iowa,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from the
Mississippi river at Dubuque to Sioux City; that
on the 14thof July, 1856, thoselands were granted
by the Slate to the memorialists; that the tenth and
eleventh sections of that act of the Legislature of
the State of Iowa were intended to protect settlers
on these lands who wire bona fide settlers at the
time of making the grants by Congress; that liti-
gation has arisen between this company and cer-
tain claimants under a company appointed by the
State to improve the navigation of the Des Moines
river, which has been decided by the Supreme
Court in favor of the memorialists; and that they
understand that a bill is now pending which will
divest them of the title to a part of these lands;
and they pray that, as the settlers are fully pro-
tected by the laws of Iowa, the bill alluded to may
not pass. I move that the memorial for the pres-
ent lie on the table, and be printed.
The memorial was laid on the table; and the
motion to print was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a communication
from Captain F. Martain, of the revenue-cutter
service, m favor of an amendment of" the act to
organize an institution for the insane of the Army
and Navy and of the District of Columbia," to
include the revenue-cutter service; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WIGFALL presented the petition of
Charles Taylor, of Victoria county, Texas, pray-
ing compensation for services rendered and sup-
plies furnished to the United States, at Chicago,
Illinois, during the Black Hawk war, in 1832;
which was refrrred to the Committee on Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 451) to
alter and improve the construction of the Senate
Chamber; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HALE. As this is a bill relating to the
construction of the Chamber, I do not know of
any appropriate committee, and 1 ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to appoint a select committee
of three, to be appointed by the Chair, to whom
it may be referred. I make that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I supposed that we al-
ready had a Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, to whom it might properly go. How-
ever, I shall not oppose the motion, though I am
utterly averse to the proposition. 1 have no idea
that we are likely to improve the Chamber; but,
at the same time, if it be regarded as inappropri-
ate to refer the matter to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, I shall not resist this
motion.
Mr. HALE. It is from no want of respect to
the committee; but I may as well state the fact
that I referred a resolution to that committee a
year or two ago, and wo never heard from it,and
I have reason to think the committee will not
report upon it. I simply want a report of some
sort.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It docs not seem to me
that it is a sufficient reason for depriving a com-
mittee of the jurisdiction of a proposition that
properly belongs to them, that they have not re-
ported on it heretofore favoiably. I presume if
they had favored it they would have reported it.
I shall not, however, ask the Senate to divide on
the motion, but let it go for what it is worth.
The motion to refer the bill to a select commit-
tee of three was agreed to
Mr. HALE. I move that the committee be
appointed by the Vice President.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous con-
sent.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
meice, to whom was referred the petition of citi-
zens and business men of Brownsville, Texas,
praying for the removal of the custom-house from
Point Isabel to Brownsville, reported a bill (S.
No. 450) to change the location of the custom-
house for the district of Brazos de Santiago,
, from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the State of
| Texas; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico, reported
it with an amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee oil Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 236) for the relief of John
Dixon, reported it without amendment, and ad-
versely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Robert Orr and Cham-
bers Orr, surviving children of Captain Robert
Orr, in the expedition of General George Rogers
Clark, of Virginia, against the Indians, in the now
State of Ohio, in the year 1781, praying for land
promised by the laws of Virginia, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sylvester Gray, man
of color, praying that a patent may be issued to
him for land settled and improved by him under
the preemption act of 1841, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 452) for the relief
of Sylvester Gray. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was orderef
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mary Towson,
widow of Joshua Towson, a soldier in the war of
1812, at the battle of North Point, praying for
bounty land under the acts of 1855 and 1856, lief
application having been rejected by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions on technical grounds, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
453) for the relief of Mary Towson, widow of
Joshua Towson, a soldier in the war of 1812. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ofDeborah Stevens With-
am, praying the enactment of a law authorizing
the issue of a warrant for bounty land due for the
services of her first husband in the war of-1812,
upon the surrender of a certificate of right to lo-
cate the same, which is now useless, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 454) pro-
viding for satisfying claims for bounty lands and
for other purposes. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 225) for the re-
lief of Eben S. Hanscomb, reported it with an
amendment. «
LAND EOK LIGHT-HOUSE PURPOSES.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be required
to communicate to the Senate : 1. Whether any part of the
raneho called La l'unta de Conception, belonging to Don
Anantasio Cavillo, in the State of Cntiloi'nia, lias been taken
possession ol by the Light-House floatd, 01 under its au-
thority, for the purpose of erecting a light-house fog-bell
theieon; and if so, when was sueli possession taken, and
what quantity of land has been and is now occupied for
such purpose. 2. That he also state what quantity of land
and what rights of way or privileges of any kind on said
raneho are required by the tfnited States for light-house
purposes, giving a description of the boundaries required,
if they can he lurrushed. 3. That he also transmit to the
Senate copies of any papers on file in the Treasury De-
pirtinentor Light-House Roaid, relating to the claim of
Don Anantasio Cavillo, fol damages or compensation for
land taken for lighthouse purposes.
PATENT OM'ICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolred, That the numbcrof copies of the annual report
of the Commissioner of Patents on arts and manufactures,
lor the year 1859, m addition to the usual number ordered
to be printed by the resolution of the Senate of the 9th of
Febi tuny last, be dehveied at the folding-room of the Sen-
ate lor tiie use of the Senate.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM. I introduced a resolution
some months ago relating to the management of
Indian reservations in California, and calling for
information on the subject. That information lias
been furnished by a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, which is now on the table. That report
contains a great deal of valuable information rel-
ative to the management of the Indian reserva-
tionsin California, and connected,also, with ques-
tions now pending before this body; and 1 should
like to put the Senate in possession of the true
condition of those reservations, as disclosed in
the report. I move, therefoie, that it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
mcK.) Under the rules, the motion to print will
go to the Committee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Haves, Chief Clerk, announced that the
