2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
House had passed a bill (No. 114) further to pro-
vide for the safety of passengers on vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
WASHINGTON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a superintend-
ent of Indian affairs for Washington Territory,
and additional Indian agents, and to recommend
its passage. As this is a matter that has been
concurred in by the House, and this bill is pre-
cisely a copy of one which has already been re-
ported by the Senate committee, and it is a matter
of public interest, and necessary to the efficient
administration of Indian affairs in thatTcrritory,
and involves no increased or additional expendi-
ture of the public money, I ask the favor of the
Senate'to put this bill on its passage now.
, The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which provides for
a separate superintendency for Washington Ter-
ritory, with a superintendent of Indian affairs, at
an annual salary of $2,500, and three additional
agents, with an annual salary of $1,500 each. It
also provides that the President, in adjusting the
limits ofthe respective superintendencies of Oregon
and Washington, "may attach any tribe, situated
portly in both, to either superintendency, in such
manner as, in his judgment, may best promote
the public service.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like, sir, be-
fore we proceed to multiply officers in these Ter-
ritories, to know what is the necessity for them.
I am certainly disposed to grant all the agencies
that may be necessary and useful in the Territo-
ries; but to create a new superintendency for
every Territory, and additional agents, seems to
me to require some examination and inquiry. I
should be glad to know what is the number of
agents now employed, and to which this addition
is to be made, what the tribes, and what the num-
ber of those tribes of Indians are in Washington
Territory. *
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I can answer the inquiries
which have been suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky. Formerly, the Territory of
Washington and the present State of Oregon were
all under one superintendency. They were after-
wards divided. Subsequently, the committee over
which I preside thought they could economize by
restoring the whole of that region of country to
one superintendency. They attempted that; but
they found that, in consequence of a vast increase
of the expenditure of what is called the contin-
gent fund, the cost of that system was much larger
than the expense of a separate superintendency
for the Territory of Washington; in addition to
which, the public service was not as efficiently
discharged as it would be under the old system
of two superintendencies, one for Oregon and one
for Washington Territory. This bill is an ac-
knowledgment of the failure of our attempt to
economize expenditures by combining both su-
perintendencies in one. It creates an additional
superintendency, at a salary of $2,500. As to
those officers who are called additional agents, the
Senator from Kentucky will allow me to say that
they are to be a permanent substitute for about
five or six temporary Indian agents; and in that
way there will bo absolutely a saving to the Gov-
ernnffcnt upon the nominal amount of salaries
paid. Besides this, the largo expenditure of the
contingent fund will be considerably decreased by
shortening the distance of the journeys the special
agents of the Department now have to make.
The number of Government officers is absolutely
decreased; and the three Indian agents that are
to be constituted for Washington Territory alone
are to be substituted for, and perform at a less
expense the duties of five orsix occasional special
agents, employed by the Department heretofore
under the necessities and exigencies of the service
in that Territory. Thus, as a mere matter of
economy, this is a saving in dollars and cents.
As a matter of efficiency, it is greatly to the ad-
vantage of the public service in the Territory of
Washington. It is an increase of permanent offi-
cers; but it is a diminution of the expense, and
an increase of the efficiency of the public service.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the number of
Indians?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The number of IndiansJn
Washington Territory is between fifteen and
twenty thousand. At the last session of Congress
we confirmed and ratified eight or ten treaties with
them. The duties of the service there have been
largely increased and complicated. 1 think it was a
measure of wise economy in the Department to
recommend this bill. It receives, I may say, the
sanction of the Secretary of the Interior, of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, of the Delegate
from Washington Territory, and of the Senator
from the State of Oregon, who is now present.
There is a unanimity of concurrence among these
officers, the last two having unusual means and
facilities for accurate and practical information
in reference to the measure.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am
much obliged to the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs for the information that he has
given on this subject. These Indian affairs have
become a subject of a good deal of moment and
consideration with the Government, and they
ought to be more attended to than we, I think,
have been in the habit of attending to them here.
The Indian department has become a great charge.
As the Indians diminish, it seems to me the in-
cumbrances thrown upon this Government, in
relation to them, are increased. There are now,
as I understand, only about three hundred thou-
sand Indians within the vast limits of the United
States. There arc in the Territory of Washing-
ton, according to thcinformationofthegentleman
about fifteen thousand. All the information of an
official character that exists in regard to the num-
ber of Indians there, and from which the gentle-
man must derive his information, are in favor of
giving the largest numbers, the greatest Indian
population, because that affords ground for the
creation of more offices and officers and more ex-
pense. We may take fifteen thousand, there-
fore, to be the extreme number of Indians residing
in the whole Territory of Washington; and for
that number the Senate i:; now asked to create a
superintendency and three additional agents. My
friend omitted to state how many permanent
agents there were already existing for that Terri-
tory; he said there were fix or six temporary
agents.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator will allow
me to say that it was my misfortune not to 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) Will the Senator from Ar-
kansas pause5 The hour having arrived for the
consideration of the special order, which was
fixed for half past twelve o'clock to-day, it is the
duty of the Chair now to announce it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I believe, on the order of
the day, which comes up at half past twelve o'clock,
myself and the Senator from Oregon are probably
the only parties who propose to participate in the
discussion. With his consent, I move to post-
pone the special order to-day until half past twelve
o'clock on Monday next. It suits the conve-
nience of both of us, and we are tho only Senators
who propose to address the Sanate on that sub-
ject in any way.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Resuming the subject upon
which 1 was just addressing the Senate, I have to
remark that the Senator from Kentucky evidently
misapprehended the tenor of what I said. It was
probably my misfortune that I was not able to
make.myself comprehended by him. I stated
that those Indian agents who are termed addi-
tional Indian agents meant only additional per-
manent Indian agents, and that the services of the
agents proposed by the bill would be accepted and
substituted in place of about five orsix temporary
Indian agents who have been employed hereto-
fore, at a saving of expense, and, I think, at an
increase of the efficiency of the service. There
have heretofore been no Indian agents separately
for Washington Territory. Under the present
arrangement, they arc appointed for Washington
and Oregon together, and most of the service ■
Mr. CRITTENDEN. How many of them
are there who are permanent?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This is an addition of three
Indian agents to the permanent corps of Indian
agents; but it is by virtue of that very fact a dim-
inution of some five or ssx who have been here-
tofore temporarily cmp'oyed at salaries the ag-
gregate of which amount to more than the entire
aggregate of the salaries of these proposed three
permanent agents. Of course, when a superin-
tendency is organized, it becomes indispensable to
carry out and organize the whole machinery ne-
cessary to make that organization perfect. A su-
perintendent of Indian affairs, without his Indian
agents, and his subordinates, of course, would be
a mere sinecure—an officer receiving pay without
any corresponding duties to perform;or,atleast, he
would have duties to perform, without ijny means
of performing them. These three Indian agents
are proposed to be given to the superintendent for
the purpose of enabling him to carry on the duties
of his superintendency without resorting to that
extraordinary resource—the employment of tem-
porary Indian agents, whose employment has to
be sanctioned afterwards by the Department. The
creation of these three permanent Indian agents
dispenses with that necessity. It substitutes a
permanent organization for that which was tem-
porary, gives increased efiiciency, and does not
enlarge the expense.
I was assured by one of the Representatives of
the House of Representatives, who produced the
figures before me, that the saving in the solitary
item chargeable upon the contingent fund of the
traveling expenses of the messengers would alone
pay the whole expense of the superintendency.
Almost every western man understands how this
is. What arc called the general contingent ex-
penses of the superintendencies amount to more
than the aggregate of all the salaries', and when-
ever you can effect a saving there, you have
effected a real and substantial economy. The
Senator need not be frightened at the nam^of ad-
ditional agents. It means additional agents; but
six temporary agents less. It is a substitution of
three for six, and of course, to the extent of the
economy, it is a substitution of a smaller for a
larger amount of money. I hope, therefore, the
Senator will withdraw his objections, and allow
the bill to pass.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I un-
derstand now from the statement ©f my friend
from Arkansas that there are none that he calls
permanent agents in the Territory of Oregon, that
the duties there have been performed by agents
temporarily appointed at the discretion of some-
body, I do not know who. I do not know by
what authority temporary agents are appointed.
Surely I would be willing to substitute any legal
fixed system for the discretionary power of creat-
ing offices and officers lodged in any department
of the Government. I understand from him now,
then, that there are none of the class that he calls
permanent agents in the Territory. It is very
strange if that has occurred in regard to that Ter-
ritory.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator, I am sure,
will allow me to correct him. I mean none in
Washington Territory separately. There are
permanent agents in what is called the superin-
tendency of Washington and Oregon.
Mr CRITTENDEN. I want to understand
how many there are in Washington Territory, if
the gentleman knows and can give the informa-
tion.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, I am enabled to say to the
Senator now, that there are employed in that part
of the superintendency which lies in the present
Territory of Washington, at this time, three agents
and two sub-agents.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Three agents and two
sub-agents, and three are proposed to be added
by this bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. They are special agents,
temporary in their character.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. " Temporary" again !
I want to be able to distinguish between those that
are temporary and those that are considered per-
manent. That is the very information I want to
obtain. I must now undcistand the gentleman,
having spoken of five or six that are temporary,
as speaking of these three agents as belonging to
a permanent system.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I wish to have myself correctly understood,
and I wish to have him correctly informed. I can
now answer him, and correct myself in the first
statement I made. There are now three perma-
nent and two sub-agents in Washington Terri-
tory. There have been from five to nine special
agents; so that,substantially, what Isaidistrue. I
misapprehended when I said there were no perma-
nent agents in Washington Territory. There are
throe permanent agents and two sub-agents; but,
