228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
Mr. MILES. Is there not a paper published
in your district by a Mr. Wentworth ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILES. -What is the name of it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Chicago Demo-
crat.
Mr. MILES. I am told that it is a Republican
paper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly, it is.
Mr. MILES. I would like to know the course
of that paper with reference to John Brown.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I can state to the gen-
tleman that that paper came out, some time since,
in favor of Sam Houston, of Texas, for President.
If the gentleman imagines that that paper is a very
dangerous paper, I can assure him that I do not
think it is, except to the Democratic party.
Mr. MILES. I put it to any fair-minded man,
is not that an evasion? What has Sam Houston
to do with the sympathy of Chicago for old John
Brown ? [Applause.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Just as much to do
with him as I have, or the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. MILES. Again, I leave it to any fair-minded
person, if that is a frank reply to my question. I
ask him what course the Republican paper, edited
by Wentworth, took with regard to this John
Brown affair ?
Mr. HOUSTON, (in his scat.) Oh, answer,
answer, answer. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The genth man will
see that it is very difficult for me to answer what
particular course A, B, C, or any newspaper took
m respect to a particular subject, and especially the
Chicago Democrat. The gentleman asks me what
course the Chicago Democrat took m regard to
the raid of John Brown. So far as I know, the
Chicago Democrat spoke of John Brown (as he
was represented by Governor Wise) as a brave
man; viewed from his stand-point, a hero, and,
perhaps, a martyr. That is all I know of it. 1
do not recollect to have ever seen in the Chicago
Democrat anything that tended to incite to a re-
bellion of the slave States, or to a servile insurrec-
tion. f recollect nothing of the kind. If the gen-
tleman thinks he can find such, I have no doubt
the files of the Chicago Democrat are open to ium,
and i advise him to subsciibe foi i".
Mr. MILES. Now, I would pui tins to any
fair-minded human being- in all the length and
breadth of the civilized world. If a paper openly
proclaims that a man who incites a slave to mur-
der his master; who secretly goes into a slave
State, and accumulates arms of a murderous de-
scription to be put into the hands of slaves for the
purpose of enabling them to butcher their mas-
lers—if, I say, a paper will proclaim thai such a
man is a hero and a martyr, does it ltot directly
incite others to pursue the same course of hero-
ism, in order to reach the same glorious 'Town of
niartyidom? [ Applause, j
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Governor Wise did
the same thing. Governor Wise d'vlared that
John Brown was the gamest man In- ever saw.
Mr.MTLES. Was not Dick Tnvpin, the high- ^
wayman, whoso history we have all read m our j
youth, quite as game a man as old John Brown r |
(Laughter.] Robin Hood was as a man, j
and so was Little John. Men* physical courage l
is no si.eh great virtue. ] t is the want oi it which !
makes the poltroon and coward. Physical cour- |
a^e |,-'t enough to make a hero <>f a nii:-(.r<\int j
who \ if>\ 'tcs all law. :
Mr. FARXSWORTH. 1 have siud that I was j
not. aware thai the Chicago Democrat indorsed the ]
not of John Brown. On the contrary, 1 think he i
disapproved of it. 1 have no question of it. But!
I say that \ery likely the Chicago Democrat may j
have said that John Brown was a hero from Iris j
stand-point; and m thai, he said nothing more j
than Governor Wise substantial!y said, whin he :
declared that John Brown was a fmne man; that j
he would take his word and rely on ins (ruth for i
anything; that lir was th  gauie^t man he evei j
Afr.AIcCLERXAND. Wsl' mvcnn<>noUoyioM j
me the flour for a moment : i
Mr. VA RNSWORTH. I c.oim.t. I
Mr. PRYOR. I ik'sm: to junk.- a rorr-ctwu of •
the statement which the gentleman has just made
—inadvertently, no doubt. The language ^ Inch
he imputes n/Governor Wise in indorsing the ,
moral char., eter of Jojni Brown, never did fall from
his lips, and never could fall from his hps. The
thing has been authoritatively contradicted over
and over again.
Mr. F A RNSWORTH. If, as the gentleman
says, that statementhas been authoritatively con-
tradicted, I have never seen the contradiction.
I wish now to proceed with Black Diamonds,
and it ccmes in here very well in conncctionwith
John Brown. In letter ten of this book, written
from Washington city, in 1858, he speaks of the
raid of William Walker into Nicaragua, in con-
nection with the extension of what he calls " the
institution of the South." He asks this ques-
tion:
" Shall the institution, which ha<< built up the commeice
and industry of such large portions of the civilized woild,
that has so identified itseit with the piogress of the age, that
is so bencticent to national strength and chaiacter, that
seeuies the buhvaiks of social conseivatican, that inspires
with independence, icfiucs the soul, and nouri^hebugtaee-
ful piide; shall an institution at once so powerful and so
polishing be condemned to extinction, or shall it continue
to llouiinh and gather strength and beneficence in the corti
ing time ?
"One step toward the accomplishment of tins destiny,
one advance toward the learmg of that great southern em-
pire whose seat is eventually to be in Central Ameiiea.and
\vhOs>e boundailcs aie to inclose the Gulf of Mexico, wa.s the
memorable expedition ot William Walker to Nicaiagua.
invited there by one of its revoluiionaiy chiefs.
'•The ohjeeU of thai expedition, my dear C\, wete foi
a long time extensively mhamucistond They are now
bemgappiehcnded by the noitheni people ; they were long
ago appreciated by the people o£ the ^outli. It wa* to
found, in a glorious land of piomise, the institutions of the
South, to extend them to othci mvitmi countries of Spanish
Amenea, and, on the doably-.-.ocuied toundation of the-c
Institution-, and ot lmlitaiy ideas of government, to build
up tiv gicat tropical einpno of Amcnca.
" Thereat idea. I have reason to believe, was conceived
in its fullness by William Walfcei. Regardless ot the clamoia
of the woild, he pursued, m ic-eive, though with a burn-
ing spiiit, the single object to which he devoted foituric,
life, and honoi. And while that woild was legaidmghis
expedition as a short-sighted and lapacious conquest, a
moie laid, a vulgar seizure uf a nation's; temtoiy, he, in
seciet, had undcitaken one of the giande.st schemes ever
set atoot in the western world.
" flushed may be ull the ampliations of one individual.
Hut the idea of ompiie conceived by an nnfoitunatelrnder
can nevei die from the licaitsof the South. Ever perpet-
uated and ever living, it will seek its accomplishment on
ami on. |)L'i^cvcrinaiy and at the la-t hie.-intibly. Thi«.
deai C , i> a serious { utb; and the Amencau people of all
sections, ot all countries, and ot both continents, might as
well accept the manifest destiny ot a gie.it, * !av e southern
empuc in the tiopics of the \ve*tcrn hemispheio.
^ We have the stiange, prophetic wohN of Walker him-
self, when suirouiid^d hy his enemies, indicating the end,
and piumptmg tno sout'heiu heait to Us i uiwimmation.
The^e word:-, deai C , 1 recite a^ tho>e of a man, who,
whatever the errois ot' hie liead,\\ai }«.t a lieio in Ins
heart.
*•k Tu ptieliawaras they arc now waging acam^t us, there
can 1)0 but one lesult. Thev mav desnoy my whole foice
—a circumstance 1 deem almost oi quite impossible; they
may kill tveiy American now in Nicaiagu.i; but tlic seed
i ! sown, and not all the lorces of Spanish America can
pi event the tnut from coming to maturity. The more sav-
age the natiue ot the war they wage against us, the moie
ccitain the lesult, the moie t<  nblo the con.'equfner-i J
may not live to see the end. but T feel that mv countn -
men will not peimit the re-alt to be donbiiul. J know that
the honor and tiie interests of the giom eountiy, winch,
fle.^pit" of the ioreign service 1 am engaged m, I Hill lev
to call rnv ou n, aie nr.oived in the p e-«*nt sluu'gle That
honor mu<i Ivpiescrved inviolate, and tho-e imeia--tjmust
be j.-idou-Iv maintained. Nothing but oui own sense of
the ju "ti«*e 'if the ean-c we aie engaged m, and o- its import-
ance to the eountij ot our bnth, iias enabled u to strugele
on as lai as we have done. Wc niav pewh m the wo'ik
^vc have undertaken, and our cauce may bo lor a time )o-t j
I but if we fall.we feel it is m the path of nono>. And what
. is lite, or what is success 5, m comparison with tae eoiiscious-
1 nc^ of having peifoinied a duty, and ot h.ewu:; co^pci<ited,
' no mattei how slightlv. in ihe eanso ot n.ipjuv^uent and
; p.ogiess.'
i ^ He.uititul, glorion w(>rd >! They ute t;'0 words of
1 ^oniheru heroi-m—uttered by a hero, :md uth'ted by hurt
i \v'he i the htojm w;\-> iieaung daikest .wound .he pathv.av !l
! },t  u.is then neadiiiy. and when-his founii\men v, iil -eck \]
; ! N loo^r.'p- anions rhe blood ^tam- o, tiie bauie-nei.i " ,,
: -• Vina we.mt a moiiient. ro fis.> concluding por-
j tii,'ii wi' tiie thiili.ii'i l.in/'.iun.e .n M.ul-^r.'.une-,, that f nave 1
[ l«i-t qma.'d. liov. nolde, h/,,)'. , (uid tr.in--eudci.t.'i t!ie ,
1 ■'•nhmeiit th:it enn hohpi'c .i.id p:'i-onal --ii.'ee--, ;n <.neh ,
little estimation ! How elujiuvn;, mdeed. oi tnat Inch and :
lavi-hirg eiftuujui<ni w inch ;;nt)'.'i>.a.uiaate^,aud sustain-' ,
: the noble and ''liiviiiio.i- Jciuk'i- of pr.^rr.-i, ev eij w ii"ie : j
which is slip 'i 101 to success, whien is lmblv caieless of 1
lniniau cutici^m . and v Inch is its own ltward. wlKHiiei |
it leaves it^ ns'-morial oi greatness m the splendid monu- 1
i.i'int-; of loitua m i''<- Riinrle-' giav«- o' -seii-devo- '
t:on. 'l
••Titilv yotrs, V. A. V ■!
To J). M. C.. F,sq , Ac;;- Toil " ; |
IL re we have W'dliom Walker and his party,
who wen: onsasjod m a piratical raid upon a
neighboring and friendly nation, indorsed by the |
Washington Constitution, by the New York 'Her- ■
aid. bv the Xew York News, and by a whole host •
of Democratic papers, whose indorsements have
been read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. COBB. I am a Democrat. Will the gen-
tleman let me speak for my constituents upon that
subject? 1 deprecated the movement of William
Walker on every stump in my State.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield to the
gentleman; for I do not think that when he speaks
against William Walker he speaks for the State
of Alabama. If I recollect aright, when this sub-
ject was under discussion two years ago, a large
number of the members of Congress from his sec-
tion of the country, and especially from the State
of Alabama, indorsed the act of William Walker
entirely.
Mr. COBB. I deprecated the movement all
along, and I know of no member from Alabama
except one who approved of it
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This book does in-
dorse the raid of William Walker, and it is in-
dorsed by the Washington Constitution, the New
York Herald, and other leading Democratic or-
gans.
Mr. BONHAM. Who did the New York
Herald support for President at the last election?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Herald has been-
the mouthpiece of Mr. Buchanan since his elec-
tion.
Air. McKEAN. "Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield the floor for a ballot for Speaker?
Mr. FAR,NSWORTH. Not now; I prefer to
go on. This hook calls William Walker a hero,
and gentlemen of the Democratic party on this
lloor and in the Senate called William Walker a
hero; he has been so representee! at the South;
he has been feted and feasted, he has been exalted
and almost deified in certain sections of the coun-
try for this raid which he made upon a friendly
nation, with which wo were at pcace 
Mr. COBB. Does not the gentleman know
that that expedition of Walker was conceived in
Now York, and thar three fourths of the men who
went with him went from the North?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not hoard what
the gentleman has said. I cannot yield further
or 1 shall never qet through, and I know the dis-
position of the House to proceed to a ballot.
Mr. LAMAR. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to 1110 for a moment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. [ will yield to the gen-
tleman fiorn .Mississippi if he will not occupy too
much time.
Mr. LAMAR. I will not do so. I wish to say,
Mr. Clerk, for myself, that 1 think the gentleman
] s not pursuing a course of argument which is fair
—certainly, he is pursuing one more ingenious
than fair. I desire to say, sir, and m this I speak
only for myself, not for my State, that I am op-
posed to the i\opcning of the slave trade, and that
J have always been opposed to filibustering. But
T desire to give the gentleman the entire benefit of
Ins whole argument. Now, for the sake of the
argument, we will suppose that the South docs
wish to reopen the slave trade, and that she does
view with some complacency Walker's irruption
into Nicaragua. I say that, for the sake of argu-
ment, I will suppose all that; andl ask the gentle-
man if there is 111 that view of ihc case any attack
upon the North ? Does the bringing of negroes
from Africa into the {South upheave the bosom of
northern society, or thr  a<en the existence of her
institutions r
Mr. FARNSvYORTH. Air. Clerk 
Mr. LAMAR. Jusi oat moment longer, sir.
K'-re a-v two s-cnioii:-;. one—?h> North—making
;i inn ct nttnek upon tiie (I care not what
Vwii call it.) real ytb mnting to surround it with a
v-ordoii ot l'> \ S;;u'vi: It the avowed object of
and annihilating its domestic institu-
tions. tie- oilier seeking colonization and empire
in a manr."! ih.i inconsistent with the rignts or
inf"iests «.f a single lieeman north of Mason and
Dixon's in'; . "x ou need not make disclaimers.
i was upon the floor ox the Senate when your
gnat had' r, "William H. Sr. ward, announced
that startling programme of anti-slavery senti-
ment and action ngainst the South—against a
people whom he is bound by a!i the obligations
which honor can imposo to love and protect; a
programme that fell with siannin^ '"fleet upon the
mind of the whole people of the country; when
he declared that as soon as this Administration
passed away, this anti-slavery sentiment would get
possession of the machinery of the Government*,
