3136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
was agreed to 5 and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first amend-
ment of the Senate, on which a separate vote was
demanded, is as follows:
For the extension of the Treasury building, $335,263 71;
and to pay for materials already delivered, and to be used
in the construction of said extension, $164,736 29, miking
$500,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended to strike out $500,000
and insert $350,000. To thatSenatcamendment,
the gentleman from Ohio moves an amendment,
as follows:
For preserving the unfinished work on the Treasury
extension, $-5,000; and to pay for material already deliv-
ered, and to be used in the construction of said extension,
$164,736 39.
Mr. Sherman's amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment recommended by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, fixing the
amount at $350,000.
Tellers were demanded and ordered.
Mr'. CURRY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Pending the question,
The SPEAKER pro tempore, at half past four
p. m., declared that, the usual hour for taking a
recess having arrived, the House would take a
recess till seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion, to which 1 am sure there will be no objection.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do nomadjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask to have an order
made to print Senate bill No. 497. It is an act to
amend an actentitlcd " An act for giving ofleet to
certain treaty stipulations between this and for-
eign Governments for the apprehension and de-
livery up of certain offenders."
Mr. THOMAS. I objected to a gentleman on
the other side, and I cannot consent to this.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no quorum here,
and I object to any busitftss being done without
a quorum.
A Member. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) A call of the House is not in order,
the main question having been ordered 011 the
Senate amendments to the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion. If there be any objection I will not move
to suspend the rules. The nature of the resolu-
tion is such that I would not have it considered
except by unanimous consent. I merely desire
to have it read for information.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if tho main question has not been ordered
on these amendments?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has been.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then amo-
tion for a call of the House is not in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. So the Chair has
stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ask
that my motion be put; and 011 that 1 call for the
^eas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before that question is put
to the House, I ask general consent to have Sen-
ate bill No. 497 ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no quorum here;
and I do not want to give consent to the transac-
tion of any business.
Mr. BINGHAM. The printing of a bill of a
single paragraph cannot do any such mischief to
any one.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to anything being
ordered to be printed without a quorum.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I withdraw tho appli-
cation.
Mr. GROW. Is it in order to move to take a
recess for fifteen minutes?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be in
order if the proposition to adjourn was with-
drawn .
Tellers on ordering the yeas and nays were
called for and ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 20, noes 74.
So tho yeas and nays were ordered; more than
one fifth voting therefor.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 11, nay« 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Francis'P. Blair, ISuich, Burton Craige,
JohnG. Davis, Leake, Mcltae, Sydenham Moore, Reagan,
Ruffin. Jamerf A. Stewart, and Underwood—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alien, Alley, William C. Anderson, Barr, Beale,
Bingham, Blake, Bonham, Brabson, Bray ton, Briggs, Bris-
tovv, Bumnton, Btirnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter,
Case, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Corwin,
Covinle, Curry, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Edwards, Eliot, English, Feriy, Florence, Foster, Frank,
Gilmer, Gooch, Giaham, Grow, Hale, Hall, Haideman, J,
Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Helmick, Hoard, Hous-
ton, William Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Hum-
phrey, Hutehms, Jones. Jim km, Kenyon, Killmger, James
M. Leach, Lee, Love, Maclay,Mallory,i\Iarston, Maynard,
McPherson, JMiilson, Millward, Mooihead, Moirill, Ed-
ward Joy Moms, Niblaek, Nixon, Palmer, Pendleton,
Peiry, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, (iuarles, Christopher Rob-
inson, Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Simms,William Smith,
WilliamN. H. Smith, Bpauldmg, Stevens, William Stew-
art, Stokes, Stratton, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins,
Vance, Vandever, Van Wyek, Verree, Walton, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Ellihu 15. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Wells, and Wood—110.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During flic vote,
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. Gartrell
was unwell, and had left the House, and he had
paired off with him.
LEVI J. HAMPTON.
Mi". MOORE, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of Levi J.
Hampton; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution. I ask that it may be read for inform-
ation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, this House did, on the 8th June, mutant, pass
a preamble and resolutions condemnatory ot the eomse and
action of the President of the United States and m so do-
ing exceeded its constitutional powers, and did act upon a
matter over which they had no jurisdiction ; and whereas
this action of the House was ex parte, and therefore unfair
towards the President oi the United States; and, as it is
manifestly improper that Mich an extraoiduiary, illegal, and
unconstitutional aetshouldicmain upon its Journal: There-
1 oi e,
Resolved, That, on the day following the parage of this
jesolution, the t'lerk oi thi< Ilnu-o Khali bring into it the
Journal containing a lucotd oi the aforesaid pioeeediujrs,
when the Speaker t-hall draw black hues aeio&s the bordeia
and edge lines of said icMilution, and Miall wute on their
midvt, in large and legthlo letters, the wor.ls, expunged by
ordei of the House ot Representatives," adding thereto the
date of so doing,
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 move that
the resolution be printed in the Democratic Re-
view. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes; I will have it printed
there.
Many Members on the Republican side. No
objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. We want a vote on that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No objec-
tion to that. 1 move the previous question on it.
Mr. THOMAS, and other Democratic Mem-
bers, objected, amid much confusion and laugh-
ter from the Republican benches.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will not insist on it if
there be a single objection.
Republican Members. Nobody objects.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the withdrawal of the resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection being
made, the resolution cannot be entertained.
Mr. MAYNARD. Nobody objects to the re-
ception of that resolution.
Republican Members. No objection on this
side of the House.
Mr. DELANO. I would like to know from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether this
resolution has been introduced with the concur-
rence of the President.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution has been ob-
jected to, and I object to debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I remarked, when I offered
the resolution, that if anybody objected, I would
not press it. [Laughter from the Republican side.]
Mr. GROW. There is no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will take a more favor-
able opportunity to do so. I do not wish now to
interfere with the business. [Derisive laughter
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
objection. Take the vote on the resolution.
Mr. McRAE. I have a report to make from
the Military Committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want to
know whether we cannot dispose of this question
first.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution
is objected to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Who ob-
jects?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Barr,] and the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to press the
resolution. I will take a more favorable oppor-
tunity.
Mr. BARR. I did not object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The objec-
tion is withdrawn to the resolution of my col-
league.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair under-
standsthatobjectionisnotwithdrawn. Thcgentlc-
man from Georgia [Mr. Hardeman] and the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Barr] objected, and
it is too late now to withdraw the objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should liko
to have a vote upon the expunging resolution that
my colleague, ii solitary and alone," has intro-
duced. [Laughter.]
ESTABLISHMENT OP NATIONAL FOUNDERIES.
Mr. McRAE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Military Affairs a bill to establish national found-
ries in Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, and Shelby
county, Alabama; that it may bp referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the understanding
that no motion shall be made to reconsider, so as
to bring the bill back.
Mr. McRAE. Nothing of the kind is intended.
I merely ask that it be referred and printed.
There being no objection, the bill received its
firstand second reading, was referred to the Com-
mittee ofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union,and
ordered to be printed.
PLEUROPNEUMONIA.
Mr. BUTTERFIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Agriculture, made a re-
port on the prevailing cattle disease; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GROW. There are two or three resolu-
tions attached to that report. I presume there
will be no objection to passing them.
Mr. JONES. I object.
EXTRADITION TREATIES.
Mr. HOUSTON. I objected just now to the
printing of the bill at the request of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] because there was no
quorum present. I have no objection to the print-
ing of that bill now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that Senate bill No.
497, to amend an act entitled An act for giving
effect to certain treaty stipulations, between this
and foreign Governments, for the apprehension
and delivery up of certain offenders," be ordered
to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
ADMISSION OF NEW STATES.
Mr. BONHAM, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to regulate the admission of new
States; which was read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
EAST WASHINGTON LIBRARY.
On motion of Mr. CARTER, by unanimous
consent, the House took up from the Speaker's
table House hill No. 521, to incorporate the East
Washington Library Association, returned from
the Senate with the following amendment:
Stiike out after the words a District of Columbia" the
words " and elsewhere."
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
JA1IES THOMPSON.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY,by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the case of James Thornp-
