THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE* OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D C
Thirtt-Sixth Gongress, 1st Session'.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, I860,
New Series No. 791
to come in immediately before the commencement
of the clause that I proposed to strike out:
Provided, That no proposals be made at such councils for
tli* extinguishment of title to Indian lands.
The previous part of the resolution, I under-
stand, authorizes councils to be held with certain
Indian tribes for the reasons set forth in the reso-
lution. This is to provide only that the United
States, at those councils, shall make no proposals
for the extinguishment of Indian title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. I do not propose to discuss it,
but simply to state my opinion that I hope it will
not prevail. I am willing to take the sense of the
Senate
Mr. MASON. I think the effect of the amend-
ment will be to test the sense of the Senate as to
the acquisition of Indian title generally, and I hope
the yeas and nays will be given upon it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Virginia, that I think he will attain
his purpose in another way, without consuming
time now, which I know many Senators are anx-
ious should be appropriated to another subject.
This resolution scarcely amounts even to the dig-
nity of a preliminary question. It is a mere reso-
lution of inquiry, asking of the Department for
certain information, which, of course when it is
obtained, will be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and we have no certainty that they
will ever even report a bill on the subject. I may
undertake to say—I think! feel warranted in doing
so—that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs will
not undertake to make a treaty, as indicated in this
resolution of inquiry, unless Congress makes a
preliminary appropriation, for the very purpose
of testing the question which the Senator from
Virginia wishes to see tested. I think it would
be more appropriate to ascertain the sense of the
Senate on a question of that kind.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me, I
will withdraw the amendment-, for I find, by ex-
amining the resolution, that it only asks for an
estimate for an appropriation. I misinterpreted
its effect.
The resolution was agreed to.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
Mr. MALLORY. I call for the special order.
Mr. KENNEDY. With the consent of the
Senator fi om Florida, I ask that the special order
be postponed for a few minutes, in order to take
up informally the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Da\ is,] with a view to offer an
«imendment, and ask that it be printed. It will
lend to no debate.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the special order may be laid aside informally,
to take up the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] that the Senator from
Maryland may offer an amendment, to be printed.
The Chair hears no objection, and the resolutions
are before the Senate.
Mr. KENNEDY. I offer as an amendment,
to come in at the end of the seventh resolution:
Resolved, That as the unity of government, ordained and
established by the Constitution of the United States, is the
main pillar in the edifice of our national existence, the
support of our tranquillity at home, our peace aluoad; ot our
safety, of our prospenty*, and of that liberty we so justly
prize; all should propeily estimate the value of our consti-
tutional Union to our collective and individual happiness ;
and that all obsttuctions to the execution of the laws, all
combinations and sectional organizations, under whatever
plausible eharactei, with the real design t« diiect, control,
ot* counteract the deliberation and action of the constituted
authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle,
and of tatal tendency.
Resolved, That t!iu principles and purpose* of the great
northern party, which has as lately authoritatively an-
nounced in this place " but only one accepted and adopted
policy," and is therefore based upon a single idea, and com-
mitted thereby to the continued agitation ot the slavciy
question, to the neglect and detriment of the real and mate-
rial interest of the countiy, are sectional, and tend to im-
pair that more perfect union, to subvert that justice, to
destroy that domestic tranquillity, to weaken that common
defense, to retaid that general welfare, and to imperil the
blessings of hbertv to ourselves and pdPterity, which the
Constitution of the United States of America was ordained
and established to secure.
Resolved, That in respect to the Territories, the common
property of the United States, it is the right of the citizens
of the United States, lawfully and permanently lesiding in
any Territory thereof, to frame their constitution and laws
and to regulate their domestic and social affairs in theirown
mode, subject only to the provisions of the Fedeial Consti-
tution, with the privilege of admission into the Union when-
ever they have the requisite population for one Represent-
ative in Congress: Provided always, That none but those
who arc citizens of the United States under the Constitution
and laws thereof, and who have a fixed residence in any
such Territory, ought to participate in the formation of the
constitution* or in the enactment of laws for said Territory
or State.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
RECESS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. GREEN. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America, in Congress assembled, That
the two Houses of Congress do adjourn on the 20th of April
next, until the 20th of Way next, I860.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it lies over under the rules
MILEAGE OP EX-SENATOR LINN.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to pay out of the contingent fund of the Senate, to Mrs. E.
A. Linn, widow ot the Hon. Lewis F. Linn, late a Senator
ot the United States from the State ot Missouri, the amount
foi mileage at the special sessions in 1837 and 1841, not re-
ceived by the deceased.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
go to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for its present considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Choir hears
no objection. It appropriates money out of the
contingent fund, and must go through the same
proceedings as a bill. If there be no objection,
the resolution wilt be read a sccond time.
The resolution was read a second time, and
ordered to a third reading. It was read the third
time.
Mr HUNTER. It seems to me the resolu-
tion ought to go to some committee, to examine it.
Mr. GREEN. There is no necessity for a ref-
erence to any committee. It is a mere matter of
account. The Senator himself, I believe, received
the same mileage. Nine tenths of the Senators
did. Doctor Linn, out of extreme conscientious-
ness, let it remain until he died. Now, I think,
his poor widow ought to have it.
The resolution was passed.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had signed and ap-
proved, on the 19th instant, an act (S. No. 239)
for the relicfof the legal representatives of £harles
Pearson, deceased.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 230)
declaratory of the acts for carrying into effect the
ninth article of the treaty between the United
States and Spain.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Florida [Mr. Mallory] well re-
marked that the bill before the Senate is one of
considerable importance. If 1 understand its ef-
fect, it involves an appropriation of a sum for the
payment of certain claimants, not far, if anything,
short of two million dollars. The claim is one of
long standing, and although the amount involved
is large, if it be right and just that these parties
should receive the amount, it is proper that this
bill should pass without any further delay ; but if
it is not right, if the claim is not founded in jus-
tice, then it is equally important that the Govern-
ment should be relieved from the payment of so
large a sum.
Now, sir, if what has been said by the honor-
able Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] and
the honorable Senator from Florida [Mr. Mal-
loiiy] be true; if this whole case has passed into
judgment; if by the action of the legislative as
well as the judicial department of the Government
we are concluded from taking any action upon
this matter at all, except to pay the demand, all
debate and all examination of the case is perfectly
idle. If it be true, as they have stated here, that
all the departments of the Government have sanc-
tioned this claim, it is a little remarkable^ it at
least argues nothing for,the justice of this Gov-
ernment, that for more than forty years they have
withheld the payment of a just claim. Can it
then be true? For one, I do not believe it. As
one of the Committee on Claims, it became my
duty somewhat to examine into this matter, and
having satisfied myself that the gentlemen are
mistaken in the representations they make here,
and that in pojpt of fact these claimants have no
just right to ask of the Government this very large
sum of money, I shall undertake, on the present
occasion, to give some of the reasons that in-
fluenced me in coming to that conclusion; and, in
doing so, I shall address myself to the following
propositions:
First. That the claims now the subject of dis-
cussion are not in fact and in truth within the pro-
visions of the treaty made in the year 1819 with
Spain.
Second. That there is nothing in the past legis-
lation of Congress, or in the acts of this Gov-
ernment in any of its departments, to conclude
Congress from now passing on the merits of this
question.
Third, That even assuming that the claimants
were provided for by the treaty, or, if not by the
treaty, that they were provided for by the act of
1834, and thus became entitled to satisfaction for
injuries to their property, they have now no just
claim upon this Government, having already been
pa"id more than they were entitled injustice to re-
ceive.
Mr. President, as the Senate was somewhatthin
yesterday when it was addressed at much length
uy the Senators from Georgia and Florida, I trust
I shall be excused for repeating somewhat at largo
the history of these claims. What is that history?
It appears that in the year 1811, in the month of
January, a joint resolution was passed by Con-
gress, authorizing the President, m either of two
contingencies, to take possession of the Floridas.
The first was, in ease it could be done with the
sanction of the local Spanish government; and the
othcrcontingency was,in case the territory should
be seized upon, by some foreign Government.
The sum of $100,000 was appropriated for the
purpose of enabling the President to carry into
effect the resolution of Congress. Soon after the
passage of that joint resolution,and in the same
month of January, 1811, General Matthews, of
Georgia, was appointed by the President to carry
out these views of Congress, in case either of
these contingencies should arise. The resolution
was a secret one; it was not made public. From
that time until the year following there was no
invasion of Florida whatever; but in the month
of March, and I believe about the 17th of March,
1812, General Matthews, with a small force of
United States troops, and a portion of the militia
of Georgia, crossed the St. Mary's river, and en-
tered Florida. The instructions of General Mat-
thews, given to him by the Secretary of State, on
the 26th of January, 1811, were precisely in con-
formity to the resolution which passed Uongress,
and the contents of which I have already stated.
He was instructed not to enter the territory, ex-
cept upon the happening of one or the other of
these two contingencies. Having entered the ter-
ritory in March, 1812, there being then an insur-
rection on the part of a portion of the inhabitants
of that territory, called patriots, he rapidly pro-,
ceeded to take possession of Amelia Island, and
the town or city of Fernandina, passed over the
country lying upon the St. John's, and on the 25th
of March invested the city of St. Augustine. So
soon as the Government ascertained what he had
done, they disapproved of his acts, and on the 4th
of April, 1812, he was notified of that fact, and was
recalled. ^
I am giving the dates in relation to this invasion,
79
