1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
that it would wield, this enginery tn the overthrow j
and extinction of southern institutions.; that it |
would remodel the Supremo Court in order that |
its decisions should no longer confirm to us what
we believe to be the constitutional rights of the
South; and, sir, 111 his exultation, he exclaimed—
for I heard him myself—that he hoped to see the
day when there would not be the foot-prinl of a
single slave upon this continent. And when he
uttered this atrocious sentiment, his form seemed
to„diiate, his pale, thin face, furrowed by the lines
of thought and evil passions, kindled with malig-
na nt triumph, and his eye glowed and glared upon
southern Senators as though the fires of hell were
burning in his heart. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH, (earnestly.) God grant
that !, too, may see the day when the foot of a
slovi will not rest on this continent!
Mr. BONHAM, (til his seat.) You will never
see it.
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. So far'as that wnti-
ment is concerned, evcy patriot should love and
veii'Tate it. It was uttrred by George Washing-
ton, who declared that so far as he was concerned,
his vote never should be wanting to bring about
that state of things. That is what Thomas Jef-
ferson hoped. That was the sentiment of Mad-
ison, and' of neaily all the fathers. It was the
doctrine of the men who created this glorious
Republic. And the gentleman from Mississippi
mistakes the inspired light which emanates from
the a]tar of the most, high God for the fires of
he'l. That, sir, is the conflict which is foreshad-
owed m the Richmond Enquirer. Sir, I indorse
that sentiment. But, by that, 1 do not indorse
John Brown's raid, nor "Helper's book, t should
be very sorry, indeed, to hear any man m my
see;,(>n of the country say that he did not hope
to hv" to see the day when the last slave shall be
nil of his shackles m America.
A .Mljibeh. Thai day will never come.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And that this glorious
country may repose in peace and prosperity—
truly,
'■ The land of the free ami the hojnc of the brave.1'
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman to allow
me a word right here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, excuse me; I shall
never get through if I yield further. Rut right
here, Mr. Clerk, as 1 have been asked in regaid
to the fugitive slave law, I am perfectly willing,
as an individual and as a member of the House
of Representatives, to answer. One of my col-
leagues, the other day, in a speech upon this floor
declared that the Republican party m Illinois re-
fused to catch fugitive slaves, lie said they left
that work for the Democrats to do; that the Re-
publicans called ii the dirty work of the Demo-
cratic, party, and that the Democratic party ill
Illinois were willing to do that kind of dirty work.
Sir, he spoke tiuly when he said that. But sir,
when the Republicans of Illinois say they will
join m no hue and cry for catching men and wo-
men on their way fie >m slavery, they do not thereby
say that they will stand out in resistance to the
law. But they will leave the dirty work of catch-
ing slaves to the Democrats. [ would like to ask
any southern man in this House whether he
would be willing to turn out and catch a fugitive
slave for anybody ?
A Member. Yes.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask my colleague
whether he is opposed to the execution of the
fugitive slave law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe thatin some
portions of the lower section of the State of Il-
linois, sometimes known as Egypt, they are in
the habit of catching black men, and instead of
waiting for advertisements for runaway slaves,
they put them in jail and advertise for runaway
masters.
Mr. LOGAN. I represent that portion of
southern Illinois called Egypt, and when any man
asserts that the people of Egypt are in the habit
of dealing with fugitive slaves contrary to law,
he says what is wholly false.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not understand
the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I say that any man who asserts
that the people of southern Illinois arrest fugitive
slaves and detain them in violation of law, he
states that which is wholly untrue.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The remark of the
gentleman is wholly gratuitous. I have not said
that they have done anything in violation of law.
Mr. LOGAN. I understood the gentleman to
say they had taken men out of the State in viola-
tion of law.
Mr. FARpiSWORTH. 1 have not so stated.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, jus; one word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Excuse me, if you
please. I said that in some portions of the State
of Illinois, us I heard through the newspapers,
at J one-shore', I believe, or in the neighborhood,
certainly in the county, some colored men were
captured and their masters advertised for, and in
the meantime the negroes were put in jail until
they could find their masters. A gentleman says
that was right.
Mr LOGAN. Now, let me say a word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 cannot yield.
Mr. LOGAN". If you will allow me, I will
explain the facts of that case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. These are the facts, and I tell
the gentleman that I indorse the action of the
people in reference to the matter. A fugitive
slave was captured and taken out ol'jail on a writ
of habeas corpus, by a man of the name of B. G.
Roots, of Perry county, m my district. He was
brought before one of the judges of the supreme
couit, in Ottawa 
11 Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not the case
11 I refer to. I decline to yield. You explained
|| that the other day in your speech.
Mr. LOOrAN. I will explain the matter to
which the gentleman refers. I say he was res-
cued by the Republicans from the marshal. Some-
time a'l'ierwards, 1 understand that two negroes
were arrested near the town of Jonesboro', forty
miles distant from wheie I icside; and in order
to pn vent then' rescue m the same maimer by
tin' Republicans, they were detained until their
masters were notified and came for them. 1 in-
dorse that act. 1 think they were right in so
notifying their masters and delivering them up;
and our'people will still continue to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You indorse them,
do you?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And their masters
were advertised for? Well, John Randolph once
said, that if Virginia did not get rid of her slaves,
the time would come when the tables would be
turned, and the slaves would advertise for run-
away masters. And that is what they are doing
out there in southern Illinois. Now, sir, 1 say,
and in this I speak for the entire Republican party
in Illinois, and not only for them, but, to the
credit of human nature and manhood be it spoken,
for a large portion of the Democrats in my part of
the State, that they will not step one inch—not
one inch will they budge—for the purpose of cap-
turing men, women, or children, and sending
them back into slavi ry.
Mr. BA RTCSDALE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir. I decline,
respectfully.
Mr. BA'RKSDALE. I desire to ask you a
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline respectfully,
but peremptorily. I shall never get through un-
less I urn permitted to go ou.
Mr. BARKSDALE. You asked questions of
this side of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have got through
with that subject. I was saying that the Repub-
licans in Illinois, in taking the position I have
mentioned, that they would not, m the way I have
stated, execute the fugitive slave law, do not there-
by authorize armed resistance to it.
A Member. They adopt the policy of masterly
inactivity.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A gentleman on my
right says " masterly inactivity." Yes, sir, I ac-
cept that word. 11 is a masterly inactivity, and in
that respect we are willing to remain ilia state of
masterly inactivity. So far as I am concerned, I
believe the present fugitive slave law is unconsti-
tutional; 1 always believed it to be so. I believe
it is inhuman in many of its provisions, but I am
not in favor of an armed resistance to it, and I
will not step out of my way to assist in the cap-
ture of any fugitive slave.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Let me ask a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 declineto yield-, once
for all, I decline. I say we will not perform these'
offices in the North; offices which, in the southern
States, are performed by constables and blood-
hounds, we leave iu the North to be performed,
by Democrats. You can take your fugitive slaved,,
if you can get them, but we will not' help you.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then you are not will-
ing to obey the Constitution of the country. : :'
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I deny that the Con-
stitution imposes any obligation1 upon me tjiat 1
am not ready to perform.
Mr. BARKSDALE. You will violate the Co«>
stitution you take an oath to support, because
that Constitution provides for the rendition of
fugitive slaves. You declare that you will not
obey that requirement, and to that extent you
violate your oath. [Applause.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I say to the gentle-
man that the Constitution nowhere provides that
I shall render up fugitive slaves.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It provides for the ren-
dition of fugitive slaves. You are a citizen of the
country, and bound to obey it and carry out its
provisions; and unless you do it you arc "a traitor.
[Applause and hisses in the galleries.]
The CLERK. The Clerk feels himself com-
pelled to order the Sergeant-at-Arms, upon the
next occurrence of applause in the galleries, to
clear them and to close the doors.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already said
that I declined to yield the floor to these inter-
ruptions. '
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not desire to inter-
rupt the gentleman any further. I have said all
I desired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Constitution pro-
vides that no person held to service or labor in one
State, under the laws thereof, fleeing to another,
shall, in consequence of any law or regulation
therein, be discharged from such service or labor;
but. shall bo delivered up on claim of the party to
whom such service or labor may be due—upon
proper proof, of course. That provision of the
Constitution does not make it my duty, as a citi-
zen of Illinois, to hunt these men down; and where
you provide, by congressional enactment, for the
rendition of such fugitives, you provide officers
whose duty it is to execute such law. Let them
do it; but 1 tell gentlemen that when they come
to my door and ask mo to turn out and chase one
of these men, T'll spurn them. I tell them they
do not know the character of the man they ask.
I tell them that never, so help me, God, will I put,
or assist to put, the shackles upon a human
being who has committed no crime; never. 1
leave that " dirty work" for the Democratic party
of my State.
Mi'. WELLS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to give way for the purpose of taking a
vote. [Cries of "No !" " No!" upon the Dem-
ocratic side; and "Go on !" from the Republicans.]
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I will not
yield now.
I have shown you, Mr. Clerk, that however
eloquent those gentlemen may be in the denun-
ciation of the raid of John Brown into Virginia,
we have an offset in their approval of the raid
of Walker into Nicaragua, which is indorsed by
the Democratic organ in this city, by the New
York Herald, and other distinguished Democratic
papers.
Now, sir, we have listened for three weeks to
threats of disunion from the other side of the
House; we have even had threats from Demo-
cratic newspapers m this city, that if this House
organize by the election of a Republican Speaker,
they would dissolve this Union. 1 send to the
desk, and ask the Clerk to read, a paragraph
which I cut from the Washington States.
The Clerk read the paper, as follows:
" Tile South Is to be driven to madness by Si:ward and
his stipendiaries. She i- to be dehbeiately insulted from
day to day by the arch enemies of the Constitution. The
very act of irs oi^anization, as attempted, is in flagrant hos-
tility to all that she chcribhos most dearly—all that is worth
anything to her upon earth.
u But we are for foibearing3for submitting to all that can
be submitted to with honor, yet awhile—perhaps a very
little while--longer. If John Shermajn is elected, it will
be an insult and injury of so outrageous a ciiaraetcr to the
slaveholding .States, that they must regard the fatal hour to
their repose as having arrived.
« The substantiation of the irrepressible conflict can be
