3138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQJBE.
June 18,
Twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the following:
" Sec. 2. And 6c it further enacted, That the sum of
$30,000, heretofore appropriated by act of 3d March, 1859,
for the purpose of repairs and incidental expenses to the
light-house at Oswego, and buildings connected therewith,
and which remains unexpended, may be used and applied
for repairing and securing and protecting the pier connected
with the light-house at Oswego, New York, so as to pre-
vent the destruction of said light-house and pier."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concvPrred in.
Thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate;
Sec.5. +&ndbe it further enacted, Thatthccontractmade
with Gales & Seaton, under the nineteenth section of the
<{ Act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
tlie Government, for the year ending the 30th of Jnne, 1859,"
approved the 12th of June, 1858, ior the publication of a
continuation of tiie American State Paper*, be so modi-
fied as to require the publisheis to defray all the expenses
of selecting, compiling, and arranging the documents proper
to be included in that woik; also the expenses of binding,
and of all engraving on copper, steel, and wood, and for
lithographing, which may be consideied necessary by the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, together with the expenses of prepaung full and
proper indexes for each volume, and a geneial index of the
whole woik, including the volumes eontamed in the first
series, and all other contingent or incidental expenses what-
soever attending such publication. And, moreover, that
the price to be allowed to the publishers for said work shall
be fifteen per centum less per volume than the average
price per volume paid for the first series of the same, printed
under the act of March 2,1831. And the said volumes
shall be delivered to the Secietai> of the Jntciior as the
same may be completed, who shall place three bundled
copies in the Department ot State foi its use, and tor ex-
change with foreign Governments, and seven hundred cop-
ies in ills own Department for distribution to public libra-
ries in the several States and Tciritoiies, and hold the
residue of the copies in his custody, subject to the fuithei
order of Congress. And the Sceietary ol the Treasury is
hereby directed to pay the publisher of the ■said woilc, at
the rate per volume above mentioned, out of any money
in the Tieasurynot otherwise appiopnated, as the <itnc
may be delivered to the Secictary of the Inteiior, and on
his certificate of dehvciy; and so much of the aforesaid
nineteenth section of the act of June 12, 18.">8, as is incon-
sistent with this act, be, and the same is hereby, repealed:
Provided^ That the volumes shall average not lcf>s than one
thousand pages.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The committee
recommend a concurrence in the amendment,
with the following proviso:
Provided further, That the whole amount expended in
the publication of these volumes shall not exceed $>3-10,UU0,
Mr. PHELPS. Was not an amendment sub-
mitted by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Moans ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I merely sug-
gested that the whole thing should be non-con-
curred in.
The amendment to the amendment way agreed
to; and the question then recurred on concurring
in the amendment of the Senate, as amended.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.BONHAM. I should like tokuow whether
any of these books are to be distributed among
the members of the present Congress ?
Several Mkmbers. They are not.
Mr. BONHAM. Then I will vote against the
amendment.
Mr, PETTIT. By the bill which passed the
House during the last week, and which is now*
pending in the Senate, there is a proposition for
the distribution of these books within each con-
gressional district, on the designation of members.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 67, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C, Andeison, Bingham, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Boteler, Biabson, Brayton, Hnptjs, Brtstow,
Buffinton, Burhns;ame, Buinhnm, Butterficld, Campbell,
Carter, Coiwm, Oovode, Curtis, II. Wintci Davis, Dawes,
Duel!, Fi(hv<nds, Ehof. Llv. Fenton, Florence, Foster,
Frank. Gilmer, Go<j'*h. Oialuuu, Ghmv, Guiley, Hale, FI iil,
J. Morri-on Harris, Iias>kin3 liattnn, Uchm^k. Hill, Wil-
liam A. Iiowaul, Hughes, Junkin, Ftancis W. KiIlo«<?,
William Kellogg, Kcnyon, Loiif,fm,e!;<u\.Marston. Majnard,
MeKean,McPlier:-.oi], McBac, Mnhvard, Laban 'J\ Moon1,
Moorhead, Morrill, Nelson, Niblack, Olin, Pettit, Potter,
Pryor, Rice, Christophei Robinson, Sedgwick, William N.
H. Smith, Spauldmg, Stanton.Stevens, William Stewart,
Tappan, Theauer. Tram, Vallandipham, Vance, Verice,
Wade, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. VVa<hburne,
1m ad Washburn, Webster, Wilson, Wmdom, VVmslow,
Wood, and Woodiutr—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Ashley,Ashmors, Avery, Babbitt,
Barksdale, Barr, Beale, Francis P. Blair, Bonham, Biauch,
Burch, Burnett, Carey, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Burton
Craige, Ciawford, Curry, John G. Davis, Delano, Dunn,
Farwworth, Ferry, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hoard,
Houston,'William Howard, Hutchins, Jones, KiJlinger,
Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach, Jame3 M. Leach, Leake,
Loomis, Maclay, Miles, Millson, Pendleton, Perry, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Porter, Pugh, duaries, Reagan, Ruffin, Sher-
man, Singleton, WUliam Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Taylor.Thomas, Tomp-
kins, Trimble, Underwood, Vandever, VanWyck, Weils,
and Wright—67.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in. *
During the vote,
Mr. LOVE stated that he was paired with Mr.
Thayer until to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that he was paired
with his colleague, l\Jr. Logan, but that he un-
derstood that Mr. Logan, as well as himself, was
opposed to the amendment, and he would there-
fore vote in the negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That finishes the
amendments of the Senate upon which separate
votes have been asked.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several members
who desire to address the House, and as we have
nowgotthrough with the public business, I move
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into (he Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for general debate.
PHKLDOX M'KNIGIIT.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 hope the
gentleman from Ohio will yield to me for a mo-
ment before he insists on his motion to go into
committee.
Mr.SHERMAN. I withhold my motion, to
hear the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the Com-
mittee of the "Whole House be discharged from
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 30,
and that it be put on its passage. [Cries of" Ob-
ject! Object!"] Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate amend-
ments were concurred in; and I move that the
motion to reconsider bo loid upon the table.
Air. McRAE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the seventh Senate amendment, in ref-
erence to the monolithic marble columns, was
concurrcd in.
Mr. PHELPS. I hold that any gentleman,
under the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
has a right to call for a separate vote to lecon-
sider on any of the Senate amendments,
Mr. WAiSHOURNE, of Illinois. Then I with-
draw the motion I have made; and I now mow;
to reconsider the vote by which the thirty-eighth
amendment of the Senate, in regard to the State
Papers, was concurred in; and move that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Mississippi will take prece-
dence.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. The floor was assigned to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Kellogg,] who
moved that the Committee of the Whole ilousc
be discharged from the further consideration of a
certain Senate bill. Objection was made, and ho
moved to suspend the rules. I make the point
that, pending that motion, it is not in order to do
more than enter a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Ohio. -The motion to reconsider made by
the gentleman from Mississippi, and the motion
to reconsider made by the gentleman from Illinois,
will be entered.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that gentlemen will
wiihdraw the motions to reconsider, so that this
bill may bo allowed to go to a committee of con-
ference, which cannot be done while they are
pending.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To facilitate
the business of the House, I withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I now insist
on my motion to suspend the rules, in order to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House
from the further consideration of Senate bill No.
30, for the relief of Sheldon McKnight.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to taking that bill up
until we have disposed of the public business.
The public business ought to be disposed of be-
fore we go to the business of private claimants.
Mr. KELLOGG, ofMichigan. I insistonmy
motion to discharge the committee.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move then
to suspend the rules. 1 again make that motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon the motion to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of discharging the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration of the bill
of the Senate, No. 30, for the relief of Sheldon
McKnight.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the motion to
suspend the rules will be permitted to lie over un-
til to-morrow, in order that we may finish the
appropriation bill now, so that it may be sent to
the Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unanimous
consent it can he done.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not object, if you will
order the yeas and nays first.
Mr. SHERMAN. We will give you the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask that the ques-
tion be laid over informally* that we may finish
up our action upon the civil appropriation bill.
No objection was made; and the motion was
laid over accordingly.
Mr. McRAE. 1 nowcafl up my motion to re-
consider the \ote by which the amendment in
reference to the monolithic columns was agreed
to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of'Virginia. Will it be in order
to have read a letter upon that subject from the
Secretary of War?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Unless a letterupon
the other side be read also, I object.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the aflhmative—yeas 93, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chaib's F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
lich, Alley, William C Anderson, A^iiley, Babbitt, Heale,
Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Biab-
son, BiaUon, Butlinton, Buihngame, Bumham, Butteifield.
Campbell, Caiey, Cait^i, Corwin, Covode, II. Winter
Davis, Dawes. Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely,
Teuton, Ferry, Fioience, Foster, Fiank, Gilniei. Gooeh,
Giaham, Grow, Guriey, Hale, Hall, J. Monism Ilauis,
llaskm, Ilelmiek, William A. Ilowaid, Hutehms, Jm>km,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kcnyon, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lee, Longm'ckcr, Loomis, Mais ton, MeKean, Mc-
Knight, Millwaid, Laban T. Mooie, Mooihead, Mornll,
Edwaid Joy Morris, Nixon, Olm, Palmer, Perry, Pettit,
Potter, Riee, Christopher Robinson, Rojce, Sedgwick,
Sherman. Spaulding, Spinnei, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewait, Tappan,Tompkins,Tumble. Van Wyck, Verreo,
Wade, Cadwalader V. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbuine,
Wells Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodiulf— 93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, AMimore, Avery,  Baiksdale,
Barr, Boenek, Bonham, Boteler, Boyce, Branch, Btiggs,
Bristovv, Buieh, Burnett, lloiaee F. Claik. Clopton,Cobb,
Colfax, Button C'ranje, Ciawloul, Curry, John G. Davis,
Ilaideman, John T. Jlairis, Ilatton, Hill, Hoard, Houston,
William Howard, Hughes, Jones, Killingcr, Kunkel, Lan-
drum, James M. Leach, Leake, Maclay, Maynaid, Me Pher-
son, McQueen, McRae, Miles,Millson, Sydenham Moore,
Nelson, Niblaek. Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Portei, Pryor,
Pugh, (iuailes, Iteagan, Ruflin, Sickles, Sm«leton, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Stokes, Thomas, Train, (Jndei wood^ Vallandigham,
Vance, Webster, Win>low, and Wright—70.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Davis, was notable, from ill-health, to attend
the evening sessions of the House.
Mr. FRENCH stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Smith, of Virginia,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
to reconsider the vote by which the House con-
curred in the Senate amendment in regard to the
publication of the American State Papers; and I
move to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHERMAN, (at
ten o'clock,) the House adjourned.
