2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
tq a great extent, to be inevitable without a vio-
lation of the laws of humanity. The expendi-
ture upon this scale for those captured on board
the Wildfire, will not be less than one hundred
thousand dollars, and may considerably exceed
that sum. Still it ought to be observed, that dur-
ing the period when the Government itself, through
its own agents, undertook the task of providing
for captured negroes in Africa, the cost per head
was much greater than that which I agreed to
pay the Colonization Society.
feut it will not be sufRcientfor Congress to limit
the amount appropriated to the case of the Wild-
fire, ' It is probable, judging from the increased
activity of the slave trade, and the vigilance of
our cruisers, that several similar captures may be-
made before the end of the year. An appropria-
tion ought, therefore, to be granted large enough
to cover such contingencies.
The period has arrived when it is indispensable
to provide some specific legislation for the guid-
ance of the Executive on this subject. With this
view, I would suggest that Congress might au-
thorize the President to enter into a general agree-
ment with the Colonization Society, binding them
to receive on the coast of Africa, from an agent
there, all the captured Africans which may be
delivered to him, and to maintain them for a lim-
ited period, upon such terms and conditions as
may combine humanity towards these unfortu-
nates, with a just economy. This would obviate
the necessity of making a new bargain with every
new capture; and would prevent delay, and avoid
expense in the disposition of the captured. The
law might then provide that, in all cases where
this may be practicable, the captor should carry
the negroes directly to Africa, and' deliver them
to the American agent there—afterwards bring-
ing the captured vessel to the United States for
adjudication.
The capturing officer, in case he should bring
his prize directly to the United States, ought to
be required to land the negroes in some one or
more ports, to be designated by Congress, where
the prevailing health throughout the year is good.
At these ports, cheap but permanent accommo-
dations might be provided for the negroes until
they could be sent away, without incurring the
expense of erecting such accommodations at every
port where the capturing officer may think proper
to enter. On the present occasion, these negroes
have been brought to Key West; and, according
to the estimate presented by the marshal of the
southern district of Florida to the Secretary of
the interior, the cost of providing temporary
quarters for them will be $2,500, and tho aggre-
gate expenses for the single month of May will
amount to $12,000. But this is far from being
the worst evil. Within a few weeks the yellow
fever will most probably prevail at Key West;
and hence the marshal urges their removal from
their present quarters at an early day, which must
be done, in any event, as soon as practicable.
For these reasons I earnestly commend this sub-
ject to the immediate attention of Congress. I
transmit herewith a copy of the letter and esti-
mate of Fernando J. Moreno, marshal of the
southern district of Florida, to the Secretary of
the Interior, dated 10th May, 1860, together with
a copy of the letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to myself, dated 16th May.
If is truly lamentable that Groat Britain and the
United States should be obliged to expend such
a vast amount of blood and treasure for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade, and this when
the only portions of the civilized world where it
is tolerated and encouraged arc the Spanish islands
of Cuba and Porto Ilico.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, May 19, 18G0.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the message and
accompanying papers be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. 1 do not know
that that is the most appropriate committee, but
still, I do not know of any other to which it can
be more appropriately referred.
Mr.MALLORY. Mr. President 
Mr. BROWN. I rise to a point of order. The
hour fixed for the consideration of District busi-
ness has now arrived. I see that the Senator from
Florida rises to continue the debate, and I fear it
will consume the day. I must object to the con-
sideration of the question now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This hour to-
day was* assigned for the consideration of the
business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume the Senator from
Florida will not occupy any time.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 do not see how the Sen-
ator from Mississippi is so penetrating as to be
able to see that I rose to make a speech which
would lead to a debate that would occupy the
whole day. I indicated no such design. My
simple rising certainly was not an indication of
it. Now, if he will permit me, I will simply sug-
gest that the estimate of the expense of these ne-
groes will be very much increased by every delay;
and instead of $100,000, which may be the ex-
pense of a month, the Senate will readily see that
it will swell to several hundred thousand dollars,
if them is any delay. I simply give this notice
to the Judiciary Committee that they may act
with as much expedition as possible; that the
negroes may be removed from the State of Flor-
ida as soon as can be. Of course, humanity would
dictate that they should be retained there, and
treated as other servants there are. That, how-
ever, cannot be done; and the expense of keeping
them there will run up to at least five dollars a
day for cach negro. Policy would therefore in-
dicate as speedy a solution of this question as
possible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Doesthe'Sen-
ator from Mississippi waive his question of
order?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
print will go to the Committee on Printing. The
message will be referred conformably to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the motion to print
the usual number of a message of the President
go to the Committee on Printing?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
rule, unless there be unanimous consent to con-
sider the motion at oncc.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope unanimous consent
will be granted.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the consideration of the
motion to print the message.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
Mr. BROWN. 1 now call for the spccial order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The District
business has been assigned specially for to-day.
The fiist District bill on the Calendar is the bill
(S. No. 7G) for the benefit of public schools in the
city of Washington, the ponding question being
«n the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Cla.rk,1 as amended on the
motion of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,]
which is to add at the end of the second section
of the bill:
And provided further♦ That the child or children of no
poisons who^e piopnrty shall ho assessed and taxed undei
the provisions of Urn act, shall he dobariod from the privi-
lege of attending sonic ol the public sehooN in said city.
And that separate schools shall be provided lor the educa-
tion ot the coloied elnldieu of the UiMuet.
Mr. BROWN. I rise to inquire of the Sena-
tor who moved that amendment, whether he is
prepared to withdraw it. If he is not, I propose
to lay the bill aside. I do not want the day to be
consumed in discussing such a question.
Mr. CLARK. I am not at the present time
prepared to withdraw it.
Mr. BROWN. Very well. Then I move that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed
for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
MALICIOUS MISCHIEF.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill, No. 147, to prevent malicious mischief
and protect property m the District of Columbia.
It was reported adversely.upon; but I ask the
Senate to consider it, so that we may get clear of it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting:
That lor the protection of farmers, gardeners, and other
person* owning or occupying land in the District of Colum-
bia outside of the limits ot the cities of Washington or
Georgetown, it shall be, and hereby Is, made a misdemeanor
for any person or persons to enter upon any lands or prem-
ises withia the said District, and without the said cities,
without having first obtained permission to do so fiom the
proprietor or occupant of the same. That the cutting or
taking up of any tree or plant, or mutilating the same, or
the taking of any gram, fruit, or vegetables, on or from
any such land, by any person or persons, without having
fiist obtained permission from the owner thereof, shall be,
and is hereby, made the crime of larceny, and shall be pun-
ished accordingly. And that any person or persons enter-
ing upon the lands or premises of persons within the said
District and without the said cities, with dog and gun, with-
out the permission of the owner or occupant of said lands
or premises, and on being warned and notified to leave the
same, shall refuse or delay to do so, shall be liable to have
their dog or dogs killed, and to pay a fine of not less than
five nor more than fifty dollars, according to the nature of
the offense. And any person or persons so offending and
committing any assault or battery, or making any threat of
violence or personal injury with a gun or other arms in
hand, shall subject himselt or themselves to beanested,
and be made liable to indictment, prosecution, and punish-
ment, by fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the
criminal court of the United States for the District of Co-
lumbia. And that this act shall take effect iiom and after
thirty days from the approval thereof and publication of the
sam.e in two daily papers printed in the city of Washing-
ton.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I dislike to interefere with
any hill of my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; but this is a
bill punishing criminal offenses, composed, I un-
derstand, of four sections; and it appears to me
that it ought either to be printed or undergo some
revision, that we may see cxactly what it is. It
is a bill of a character that ought to go to the Ju-
diciary Committee for examination. I shall not
insist on that; but I should like to see it printed.
Mr. BROWN. The original bill was printed,
and the committee reported against it. This is a
substitute, which simply proposes to protect the
citizens of this District against trespasses; which,
I understand from all parties, have become per-
fectly intolerable. These wild, rattle-brained .fel-
lows about the streets and avenues here go out
into the country with dogs and guns, trespass on
everybody's property; and if a gentleman warns
them to go away, the first salutation he gets is a
volley of curses, with a threat, that if he inter-
feres with them, they will use their guns and dogs
on him. The nuisance has become perfectly in-
tolerable. The amendment does not propose that
the party trespassed upon shall take any remedy
in'to his own hands; but it docs provide a remedy
against the offender, which, 1 think, will protect
mnoccnt people from trespass; and surely they
ought to be protected. If my friend from Louisi-
ana wants to see the amendment in print before
he votes on it, I am perfectly willing to let the
question pass over; butthc bill of four sections, of
which he speaks, is not the question under con-
sideration. What I propose, is a substitute for
that whole bill; a very well-considered one.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think my friend from
Mississippi misunderstood me. I do not mean
to say that this legislation may not be proper; but
I think a bill of this kind ought to be open to verbal
amendment or an examination of its framework
by those of us who choose to look into it. The
substitute, I understood, consisted of four sec-
tions.
Mr. BROWN. No.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If, however, the Senator
from Mississippi desires the passage of the bill,
if he will consent to let it lie over, so far as I am
concerned, I am willing to look at it herein man-
uscript; but other Senators may want to look into
it in print. I do not like to vote on a bill of this
kind without examining it.
Mr. BROWN. I shall not oppose the propo-
sition of the Senator from Louisiana; but I beg to
remind the Senate that this is a matter of great in-
terest to the country people of this District, who
have been fearfully trespassed upon; and I give
notice that I shall ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate some morning hour during the week to call up
the bill for consideration. For the present, I move
that the bill and substitute be printed, and that
its consideration be postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I now desire to say to my
friend from Louisiana, and toother Senators, that
in view of the importance of this matter to the
people of the country portion of the District, I
shall ask the indulgence of the Senate during the
coming week, in the morning hour some day, to
take it up; and, therefore, I hope every Senator
who feels an interest in the question will look
into the substitute, and be prepared to act on it.
