1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 19, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
On motion of Mr. WADE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Francis Munks and Susan Munks, praying com-
pensation for damage to their private rights by
the erection of a free bridge by the United States
at a point where they had previously established
a ferry under a grant from the Choctaw Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
He also presented a preamble and resolution of
the Little Itock and Fort Smith Railroad Com-
oany, in favor of an extension of the time allowed
tor the completion of that road; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr HEMPHILL presented the petition of E.
P. Hunt, agent for underwriters at New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, and New Orleans, at Gal-
veston, Texas, praying that the expense of keep-
ing a light-vessel near Galveston bar may be re-
funded to them by the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POWELL presented a petition of manu-
facturers and importers of Charlestown and Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, praying that the duty on steel
may not be increased; which was referred to the
Committee oil Finance.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of dealers in
iron and steel in Boston, Massachusetts, praying
that the duty on steel may not be increased; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PRINTING 01? A DOCUMENT.
On motion of Mr. 1VERSON, it was
Ordered, That the menioiial of Richaid W. Meade, in
relation to the claim of his father, R. W. Meade, deceased,
be printed.
JOSIAII ATKINS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
No. 365. It will not take any time, and is a mer-
itorious case.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II. R.
No. 365) for the relief of Josiah Atkins, of Ohio,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to cause to be issued to Josiah Atkins, of the
State of Ohio, a bounty land warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres in lieu of warrant No. 54893,
issued to him under the act of March 3, 1855,
which was lost in transmission through the mails
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to the register and recorder at Council Bluffs,
Iowa, in the year 1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOLMES AND PEDRICII.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 423, which is reported unani-
mously by the House and Senate Naval Commit-
tees, and will not occupy a moment. It involves
only a small sum. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 423) for the relief of Philip B. Holmes and
William Pedrich was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for the payment
to Philip B. Holmes ar.d William Pedrich, $3,000
for the invention of a machine for cutting raw
hides into strips for making hide ropes for the use
of the Navy of the United States; with a proviso
that the United States shall be authorized hereaf-
ter to use the machine free of any charge by
claimants, their heirs, or assignees.
Mr. KING. Is there a report or statement of
facts in that case ?
Mr. MALLORY. I will state to the Senator,
that this is a bill which was reported unanimously
by the House committee, after a thorough examin-
ation, and by the Senate committee also. This
machine has been used by the United States for
twenty years without compensation It is a very
small sum to give. It has saved more than ten
times that much. There is no doubt about the
propriety of it at all.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
51G) for the relief of Mary Heisinger de Waldogg,
widow of Julius Heismger de Waldegg; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 45) authorizing the issue of the same quota
of arms to the State of California, for the years
1850 and 1851, as was issued to that State in the
year 1852; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
REPORTS OE COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 449) to provide for an examination of the
claims of citizens of the United States, for indem-
nity for spoliations committed by Indians and
Mexicans within the limits of the State of Texas,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred papers in relation to the claim of
Redick McKee, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Redick
McKee. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to bo
printed.
Healso, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 515) to carry into effect
the award of the Senate in favor of the Choctaws.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Healso, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, submitted a report, accom-
panied by the following preamble and resolutions;
Whereas, Ijy the second articles of the treaties of June
19, X8.")S, with the Med-u-wa-kan-ton and Wah-pa-koo-ta,
and the Sisse-ton and Wall-pa-ton hands of tne lJacotah oi
Sioux Indians, it is submitted to the Senate to decide as to
the right ot title of said hands of Indiana to the lands em-
braced 1:1 the resei vations occupied by them on the Minne-
sota river,in tile State of Minnesota.and what eompensafcon
shall he made to them for those portions of said reseiva-
tioii:- l\ ill" on the north side of that uver, winch they agieed
by said licaties to sui render and lehuqutsh to the United
States, whether they shall be allowed a specified sum in
monev theiefoi, and, ir so. how much, oi whether the same
shall be sold for their benefit, they to receive the pioceeds
of such sale, deducting the. necessaiy expenses incident
theielo;" and wheicas said Indians weie pel united to letam
and occupy said resei vations 111 lieu of otllei lands which
they were entitled to under tile amendments of the Senate
to the treaties made with them in tile year JSoJ, and large
amounts ot tile money 01 said Indians have been expended
bv the Government in improvements- and otheiwise upon
the lauds contained m said icsci vations; and whereas, by
act ot Congress of July 31, 1854, said reservations weie
authorized to be confirmed to those Indians;
Resolrnl, That said Indians possessed a just and valid
right and title to said resei vations, and thatthey be allowed
tlie sum of tiuity cents per acre for the land*, contained in
that poition tlieieol lying on the noith sule of the Minne-
sota uver, exclusive of the cost of survey and sale, or any
contingent expense that may aeeiue whatever, wluell, by
the tieatie . ot June, 1309, they have relinquished and given
up to the United States.
Resolved farther, That all persons who have in good
faith settled and made improvements upon any of theland.s
contained in said reservations, believing the same to be
Government lands, shall iiave tlie right ot pieeinption to
one bundled and sixty acres thereof, to include their im-
provements, on paying the sum of $1 25 per acre therefor:
Provided That when such settlements have been made on
the lands of tile Indransim the south side ol the Minnesota
uver, the assent of the Indians shall first ho obtained, m
sucll manner as the Secretary of the Interior shall presenile,
and that tlie amount which shall bo so paid lor their lands
shall be paid into the Tieasury ot the United States.
The report and resolutions were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 622) to authorize notaries public in the
District of Columbia to take acknowledgments of
deeds for the conveyance of real and personal
estate therein, repoitcd it without amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 521) to incorporate the
East Washington Library Association,
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had concurred in some,
and disagreed to other, amendments of the Sen-
ate to the biH (H. R. No, 501) making appropri-
ations for sun dry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th June, 1861; and had
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
said bill, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
yesterday ordered the printing of the following
documents;
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
response to a resolution of the House of Repre^
sentatives, calling for information relating'to .the
operations of the reciprocity treaty with Canada
—ordered at eleven o'clock and nineteen minutes.
Letter in response to a resolution of the House
ofRepresentatives,callingforinformation in refer*
ence to the removal of Morritz Shoeffler, late col-
lector of customs at Milwaukee—ordered ateleven
o'clock and nineteen minutes.
, BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed, on the 15th in-
stant, the following acts and joint resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 324) authorizing the sale of
the Western Military Asylum, in Harrodsburg,
Kentucky;
An act (H. R. No. 564) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 819) to provide for addi-
tional terms for the United States circuit and dis-
trict courts in the State of Kentucky; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) for the relief
of William H. De Groot. •
Pie also approved and signed, on the 16th inj
stant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson
Dart;
An act (H. R. No. 99) for the relief of Benja-
min Sayre;
Ail act (H. R. No. 235) for the relief of con-
gressional townships number two north of range
number nine west of the fourth principal merid-
ian, in Adams county, State of Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church;
An act (H. R. No. 421) for the relief of Joel
M. Smith;
An act (H. R. No. 288) recognizing the survey
of the Grand Cheniere Island, State ofLouisiana;
asapproved by thesurveyor general, and forother
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension to
James Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war of
1812;
An act (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of J. R.
Crump;
An act (H. R. No. 529) granting a pension to
MarthaSanderson, widow of Major Wmslow F.
Sanderson;
An act (I-I. R. No. 587) for the relief of Anton
L. C. Portman;
An act (II. R. No. 699) to amend an act regu-
lating the diplomatic and consular system of the
United States;
An act (H. R. No. 703) making appropriation
for tlie payment of the expenses of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota;
An act (PI. R. No. 838) to«change the nameof
the ship Rockhail to Massachusetts', and
An act (H. R. No. 839) to amend an act ap-
proved the 3d day of March, 1847, entitled " An
act to establish a port of entry at Saluria, in the
State of Texas, and for other purposes."
PIc also approved and signed, on the 18th in-
stant, an act (H. R. No. 353) for the relief of
Thomas R. Livingston.
DIVOP^CES IN THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R- No. 663) to authorize di-
vorces in the District of Columbia and for other
purposes, to report it back, without amendment,
and recommend its passage; and I am further in-
structed by the committee to ask the Senate to
consider the bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill may now be considered.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered-
as in Committee of the Whole., It provides that
the circuit court for the District of Columbia shall
