232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
of them can C($ual in value the vvUli-n.fr prayer, to vrhi^h the
blessing of God is picnni^.ed, and prayer for the oppicssed
was never more needed thru! now.
The. convention then took a juccc-- n..ui i\> o u'clock.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
The convention reassembled at two o'clock, and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the platform proposed by the
business committee.
Brother Jaekson, of Dayton, Ohio, made a speech. He
was born in Virginia, but thought he had lived long enough
in Ohio to have his heart imbued witf the principles of ab-
olitionism. One of his lelatives was impii&oncd, he said,
the other day, at Haiper's Fen>; but hid heart was neve;-
theless with those who there attempted lo caM off the
bonds of slavery. In Ohio the abolition otuiso iv.u floui-
ishmg finely. fnhis county, where a yeai or two ago a
Democrat was electcd to tue State Penate. bya decided
majority, he thanked God that this year they had electcd a
thorough and uncompromising Aboht.oni-n. Tne =ame, wa>
the ca^e in the Senate dunr.c? conpo. cd oi Butl-T a: d
Warren counties; at the election ju.it held they had elected,
in that dibt.'ict, a good Abolitionist. He hoped the ai-
ticlc of the platform would be adopted.
And it was adopted aeeoidmgl}.
The second article war. then taken up, and adopted with-
out debate.
Ckildrfi muit be AboHtiomzcZ.
The third article was taken up. Brother Jodyn, of New
York, «saul ties article contained a Mith fco >■ ch-evkknitibal
he did not think there wa-1 anv occasion to d' cu.-i it. Ho
did dihcuss, it, however, taking the ground that it was the
duty of the Cnurcb to see that all it.- memlKu =. and tne
chddten of iti members, weie iiMruetod ui the doeuuie:-.
of abolitionism; c.^peciaUv wa" it the duty oi the Chiu«.h
to take the rising gonerat.on and p! mt m their !k"u:< tin:
seeds ot abolitionism. He dc-ned the eftibi'-dnivnt o
m.ss'on&ry *oci-_ucs lot this. e\-pcc .ai purpose, r-o that when
the rKng jpneintjon eo.ne to have the light to vote, they
wd! bring slaver, to an end.
Brothei I'arton tnou' ht u wo !d not be e-lvi-able to'otni
any new t<oci iS\ ; but t ic i '.'-"m i cd t.> b\ b other Joj-
iyn could be accomp:-- hod a a bv tiie H:il t) i"li f'ehoo!.
He pvoccedtd to pr*c'j jlu> t v Amvj r-an Hnuiav tvhool
l~2:;on Tor not makim; .ibohi .01 < -hi a p o.nin. nt . ub.cct 111
it- t>u;vlay fVno-vl bomv!: v u - n mrV' ot g.s'ireo'n-
plaint on the part ov' ccea; Chi ('hun a-rvn t t,'ie Amr-uean
Sunday School LTn on t.ia't the-.- would hot :• v!v roc.i-cuhiie
aboht'om-m in the rnnnL 01 <'h:ldicn. H: foped the- so-
ciety woii'd he rebuked un: 1 r.ioy would pubh-di abolitici
Sabb'Cith Befool books.
bfoib 'i Co'.e< said parent* ought to take the new 'pjp.us
ri:isJ i hew all the account 5 of 1 lav.> le >eue< a:.d raiiaw.iv::
to then* chi'dien, and *j cesrc.'umto<. tenial ho >uiuv against
dawl.oldmg.
The atticie wa~ iccommltt'xl 'or amendment on thc^ub-
jeci of abolition literatuie toi eluldien.
Business on! of Order.
On motion, the fcaiih refdutam waa taken up. (See
lv- oi!u:o:i below.)
A b.other xnlonnod th<^ convention \vhaf the Iihuoi^
bl.iek law- were. The^e law-, lie -aid, weie eo:i-t:ueted
b.v j-lnv-'holdei^ of the £>out::. . nd w<'ie, m laet, an e.\'!"ii-
fcioti Oi' the Maw code into /)';no'.,. II3 p.occ'-ded to cx
pound t'no.e laws upon eon-t;tnt onal pnn('.])!e«, and dis-
played a knowledge of con-.htuilonal l:uv, which would
have done great credit to an intelligent sate po.-t.
A brother offered the toliowin? amendment to the resolu-
tion :
And that the free States owe it alike to God and hu-
manity to afibid adequate piotection to all fugitives, fiom
slavery
Brothei ~ Bassett, of Washington, District of Columbia,
took the ground that the e'hurch should give law to the
world, and not the world give law to the Chuieh. Biothor
IJassett would have made an excellent papist 111 ohlpu
time.. He detailed the recent fugitive slave re--eue horn
the United States maiMialat Dimh.i, (il ; com-' ho had «i
iiand in it,) and described in glowing Innsnage fhe pro-
ceedings of the Black Ilepublleansol that place on (he occa-
sion. and pitched into the Chicago Tune < fo) giving an nc-
count of it yesterday morning, and daring to charge the
Black Republicans with a gro*s violation of law. The
furtive slave act was not a law which any Christian, be
he Black Republican or not, was bound to respect.
The amendment was lost, and the resolution, as it
appcare below, was adopted:
The Harper's Ferry Insurrection.
The convention returned to the consideration of the plat-
fomi, which wat* now taken up altogether.
Brother Be-^-ett moved tostiike out the word "revepge"
in the twelfth proposition. O^savvatonue w<b not actuated
byie\enge. lie lead from a newspapei the questions put
to and the answeis made by Os^awutomie Brown. He pio-
ceeded to pronounce a eulogiuin upon Ossawatomio, com-
paring his hf.ioism to that of Leonula^, at Thermopylji.
(Applause.) Uo wa* a man of God. II j felt hun-eli' called
upon by God to do what ho did do lie (liie ^poak.-r) should
ahvayb feel a waun admnation for the iicioe-m of this noble
and Christian man. (Hear! hear!) Ilewa' an ad\oa:R-
of political foice to .ihoh.-h shr, cv Wii.liam II. S'dwaku
saul to bun, in his own house <;r WaMnngton, when be i;-.
jna ked that he focicd blaverj would die bv force, l-3ii,
John Cluiney Adam . always s aid so.?"
Brothei Douglas, of Chicago, a! o 
Mr. ENGLISH. Who is that >
The CLERK. Brother Douglas, of Cliicago.
—made a speech in pialse of OvJaw atomic Biovvn. J/,' u.d
pei-eetly light. The speakei v.us in iavor of shooting the
fciavelioldei. Oppressors never were known to lay down
theu'powci peacefully. It mint bo taken fioru them by
force. The speaker was in favoi of force; he wanted 10 see
civil war. He looked for it; he p;aj-ed God font; and the
sooner the better foi the poor and oppreo-ed slaves. (Ap-
plause.)
Jlbolitionism to he imight in the Sunday Schools.
The motion to strike outreveage/J was lost.
The bu-ines-: committee repo/ted the following addition
to tile thud proposit.on:
'•And that mmiotero, Clin;tian paient?, and Babbath
School teacher, should thoioughiy educntc the ri-inggen-
eiation m Christian anti--;iavery principles and duties.'3'
OsbWJ'ato.nie Drcx. a—again.
Brothei Basset*moved to strike out the twelfth article
altogether. Before he would cast one paiticle of censuie
upon one man connected with the affair at Harpei's Ferry
he would withd.aw ftoni the convention, and would not
go into any convention which would cast any such reflec-
tion upon the purity of men who would do as the men did
at Ilatpn's Feny.
Brother Peek/of Oberlin rescue notoriety, was opposed
1 to eti iking out. lie knew, personally, that eomo of the
i men who went to iiarp-'r'sFeiry wete actuated by lcvenge.
I lie had m en a letter written by one of them befoic he went
! thcic, wlneh bienihed a f.pnu of ievengo, and tenible 10-
1 veng,> II > jenew that th^ man to whom he leioired had
; p-ayed 'o the Loid.mght affei l.ight, to give him an oppoi
tunitv of f"v pr ievengo upon the i''edetal Government.
Biother Lcwij lappui, of New York, called Biothcr
Peck'-- attention to the fact, that the Harper's Ferry men
I weie to be ttied lux what tnev had dene, and that he was
i furraMunj* trt>t:;acny again-.t them. Ilcporteis were prcs-
I out taking down \\ hut he wo4? saving.
] Brothei Peck said that he would f-iop.
Brothei Tappan .-aid that he met Biouici Brown, (O^sa-
watoniio.; a'-liou time siaee, at a convention in New Yotk,
' v.di'-'n iii^d to obtain arm> and ammunition to cativ to
1 Kar.sa<«, a$ he ^aid. The convention did not give him aims,
i our s<nne of if- in:mb>a's did.
J l-Loth'-i Wiikte, of (jidcago, caidhe wa^in favor ofstnkmg
j out the twel-'t'i article. It wa> no evidence of revenge that
, one man Idled anothci to^ainhis liberty. He was opposed
' to cabling the shghte-t shadow of censure upon old John
! Blown. John wa-; a noble man; he was one of nature's
; noblemen. Who took Dorr nut of jail ? It was old John
! Blown. It \v:u a noblv act. When John Brown was Jonn
; Biowa, he v.m-" .1 nobl" so m ; and be (Brother Waste) could
t not vot) 101 a piopo-;ticm winch, even by implication,cast
; censuie upon him o; hi< comiades.
1 Brother thought t >0 proposition could be rnodhlcd
! ro a-, to make it ec- 'piable to all. I'or tliat puipose, h'i
■ moved to L.y t.te motion to stiiiie out on the table. Cai-
1 ued.
| Mr. ENGLISH. I have nothing to say fur-
! tlier, Mr. Clerk, exccpt that it seems appropriate
1 that the Republicans should sclcet Chicago as the
i place for holdinir theii convention to nominate a
; President, after the people have allowed such a
| meetins; a« this to ho holden 111 their midst.
| Mr. FARNSWORTH. Just as appropriate
i for the Drmocr.itie. purty, having ndopted thedog-
! mas of John C. Calhoun, to sclcct CJiarloston,
| South Carolina, as a fit and proper place to run
! the old Democratic machine mto the ground in
' I860. As to the extract fiom the Chicago Times,
which the gentleman has caused to be read, I will
! simply say that it is a garbled, lying caricature
i of the meeting which it pretends to icpoit.
1 Mi. AleCLERNA.NI). My colleague, by what
; he has said, as well as by what he has not said,
! lias made some question as to the political posi-
I tion of John Wentworth, the editor of the Chi-
1 cago Democrat. It might be inferred by gentle-
men present, thatmy colleague, from the Chicago
] district, did not regard Mr. Wentworth as a Rc-
] publican; that ho was prepared to ignore that
i gentjeman's Republicanism. At all events, I did
| not understand my colleague to admit, when he
wan questioned pointedly upon the subject by the
. gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Miles,]
I that Mr. Wentworth was a Republican.
1 Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did.
f Mr. McCLERNAND. I did not understand
1 him to admit it before. I wish to say that Mr.
I Wentworth is, more than any other man in 1111-
1 nois, the founder and father of the Republican
| party: and that he is the Jupiter Tonons of that
! party; and when he commands, the smaller Re-
] publicans obey. I wish to say what I mid in the
| Chicago Democrat, the paper "published by Mr.
! Wentworth. I do not undertake to repeat the
| article verbatim; but what I say is the substance
i of one or two articles which appeared in that
; paper. After the invasion of Virginia by John
Brown and his accomplices, Wentworth, referring
| to the subject, said that those of the Republican
j pari y who deprecated that act, did it from a cravcn
| and cowardly motive—fearing that the Repubh-
! can party would be injured by it, and notbecausc
' their hearts condemned the act. Ho said further,
that John Brown was a hero—an unsuccessful
heio, to bo ?,ere—but one who would occupy in
I history a place beside Kossuth, Garibaldi, Kos-
ciuseo, and otJv r illustrious chiefs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did nut understand,
when ( was upon the floor before, that I was in-
terrogated as to whether Mr. Wentworth was a
Republican or not. Had I so understood it, I
most surely should have answered in the affirma-
tive. He is 0 Republican. {think he was a Dem-
ocratic member in this House, together with my
colleague who has just taken his seat, a few years
ago, and I believe they both agreed that the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise, and the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill were very unwise
measures, and both, for the time being, left the
Democratic party. My friend over the way, how-
ever, resumed his connection with that party.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Stop just there. What
the gentleman says is not so. I never did leave
the Democratic party. I differed with Senator
Douglas upon the point of the expediency of the
repeal of.the Missouri compromise, under the cir-
cumstances of the case; but declared then, as I
ever had before, that I was opposed to the arbi-
trary geographical principle upon which that corn-
compromise was based.
Mr. FARNSWORTfl. Both gentlemen con-
cuired in the sentiment I uttered, that the repeal
of the Missouri compromise was unwise.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is a different
thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think, for the time
being, my friend over the way was not in full
communion with the Democratic party, and that
he denied the authority of the party to make an
acquiescence in that repeal a test of Democracy
m Illinois, as it was sought to be done.
Mr. Wentworth has since been an efficient
worker in the Republican party, but I cannot pos-
sibly state what particular things he has or has
not said 111 his paper. It seems to me unfair for
any gentleman to rise here, and, without the
papers, undertake to repeat to this House what
ho has said, and especially as we have not the
rest of the article from which the gentleman at-
tempts to quote. 1 assure gentlemen, however,
that Mr. Wentworth is a focman worthy of their
steel, and is entirely capable of defending what-
ever he may have said upon the subject.
I hold in my hand a resolution offered in the
Legislature of South Carolina recently. It is as
;j follows:
j Wheie.i-' fiatcinal lelations are dissolved between the
- North and the tiouth, the slavcholdmg States demand the
'i dNFOlut.on ot the Union to bo consummated, and this state
j of allans will render a icsoit lo aniib neuessaiy: Thcicfoie
j •  Br it ? et'ilvrd, That the turn of $200,000 he placed at the
d-spo*al of the Governoi, to ho used at his discienon ac-
. coiding to the exigency ol the time^.15
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
i will excuse me, but I must resume the floor.
! Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
allow me one moment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But that matter is
not in response to your colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. T only wish to say
that we might with as much propriety charge that
the sentiments of that resolution are the senti-
ments of the Democratic party, as to get up here
and charge that whatever an editor of a newspa-
per might say was the sentiment of the Republi-
can party.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman said
that there was not a man in Chicago who sympa-
thized with John Brown in his raid into Virginia,
and I show that a prominent Republican in Illi-
nois, and the editor of a Republican paper, does so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must put a stop
to this wrangling discussion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The man to whom
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. English] called
the attention of the House as brother Douglas."
is not a relative of Stepiiex A. Dotjcl \s, but he
is a very respectable colored man, who, according
to the Drcd Scott decision, is not a citizen of Il-
linois.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, resumed the floor.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask my colleague to yield
me the floor. It is now three o'clock, and if the
gentleman desires 10 speak to-night, I desire that
there shall be an understanding that there shall
be no vote taken to-night.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad to
accommodate the gentleman, but he very well
knows how abruptly debates are terminated here.
I desire to speak, and I also desire to accommo-
date everybody as far as I can. [Cries of ki Let
us have a vote !'']
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to read the proceedings and the
resolutions of a meeting held in the district of the
gentleman from Chicago s in reference to John
Brown ?
