Slf8
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
to transport upon the same cars for burden and
passengers, until such time as the tunnel shall be
- completed. They are also to have authority to
charge for the transportation of merchandise or
freight, of every description, upon the connecting
railroad to the termini thereof at tide-water, and
011 the Virginia shore, at the rate of not exceed-
ing twenty-five centsper ton net, and for the trans-
portation of passengers at a rate not exceeding
, tweilty-live cents for each passenger carried by
them upon the connecting railroad.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with various amendments.
Mr. CLARK. This is a bill, I understand, for
a connection with the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator to let
the amendments of the committee be read.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that;
but I 'firas going to ask that it be postponed for a
little while. My attention has just been called to
it by some of the people of Georgetown.
Mr. BROWN. Address yourself to the Sen-
ator from Maryland. He has the bill in charge.
Mr.. CLARK. I did not understand who had
it in charge.
Ml\ BROWN. I am opposed to the bill myself.
Mr. CLARK. I will ask that it be postponed
until I have an opportunity of examining it. The
people of Georgetown are largely interested in it.
They consider it to be very much to their detri-
ment, and desire to have some facts and consid-
erations presented, which I am not prepared to
present now. I was in the ante-room of the Sen-
ate conferring with some gentlemen in regard to
it at the time it was called up, and that is the rea-
son why X did not know who had it in charge. I
simply ask that an opportunity be given to them
to have some Utile time for presenting their views
in regard to it. 1 believe they were never heard
before the committee, and they desire to be heard
atsome time, either by somebody who shall make
a statement for them, or in some other way.
Mr. KENNEDY. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I am prepared to state all the ob-
jections that may exist on the part of Georgetown
to this bill. I should very much prefer to have
it considered now, because it is one of very great
importance to the traveling community between
the North and the South. I have a map which
shows that the only break in the whole line of
travel between Portland, in Maine, and New Or-
leans occurs in this city. This company are ask-
ing simply for a right of way to go under the
grounds of this Capitol, to go around to the river,
and there cross the Long Bridge, and connect
with the whole of the roads of tin: Southwest.
The Baltimore company, who are asking for
this privilege, felt themselves called upon to un-
dertake the work because the gap occurs at the
terminus of a lateral branch of the road of that
company. They have invested in this branch,
leading from here to Baltimore, a capital of some
sixteen hundred thousand dollars, upon which the
State of Maryland charges them atax of one fifth
of their gross receipts. They have no particular
interest themselves, individually, in this thing;
but in conformity with the wishes of railroads,
both North and South, they have agreed to incur
the expense of filling up a gap occurring here on
the Government property. If they are required
to go around by Georgetown, the expense will
be so great, and the distance so greatly increased,
that I myself am prepared to say they will with-
draw the application at on®1. They will not en-
tertain or consider a proposition to go to George-
town; it is altogether inadmissible. I have ilie
facts here before me to show that the cost of car-
rying the road around by Georgetown, so as to
form a junction with southern roads, will be al-
most equal to the whole cost of the road from here
to Baltimore.
This is some three miles shorter, and of course
the expense of transportation and travel will be
much decreased by this route, which they are
willing to undertake for the sum estimated by the
engineer, giving them a branch connecting down
the river with the southern lines by steamboat,
and facilitating the transportation of the mail and
travel through, without thebreakthfit now occurs.
It is a matter of great interest to the people of
Washington, and to people traveling between
New Orleans and New York. When this gap is
filled up by this route, the running time will be
sixty-two hours from New York to New Orleans.
It will be a saving of some two hours. In con-
sideration of the demand made upon the Baltimore
and Ohio company to embark in this enterprise,
they are willing to undertake the expense that will
be incurred, though the remuneration they will
receive will be so trifling as to afford no object by
their undertaking it. If they are compelled to go
by Georgetown, the cost on that route will amount
to some nine hundred thousand or a million dol-
lars. The road on the route fixed by the bill can
be built for §240,000. I am prepared to say, that
the whole project will be defeated if the George-
town people interpose these objections. I see no
reasonable ground for them myself; and the rea-
son why the Georgetown representatives did not
have a bearing before the committee was, that wc
regarded it as utterly useless. The proposition
to go to Georgetown will not be entertained by
the Baltimore and Ohio company. If they are
disposed to throw obstructions of that sort in the
way, the whole thing will fail; I shall not bring
it up again.
The Georgetown people say that the Long
Bridge here will by this means be made a perma-
nent bridge. I think that bridge now is a mere
continuation of a street out of the city of Wash-
ingtonf which can hardly be removed without
breaking up and disturbing vested rights on the
other side of the river. The public convenience
of the whole city is very much interested in the
permanency of that bridge, and I feel sure that it
will not be taken away. At all events, I am
willing to say for the Baltimore and Ohio com-
pany, that they will consent to a provision being
put into this bill piovidmg that, if the bridge shall
ever be taken away, they will abandon the whole
thing. They will build their road along side of
the bridge, with the risk and the chance of the
bridge being broken down. It is the shortest, the
cheapest, and the most feasible route, and the
only one that they are willing to accept.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have great
respect for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, because I think they have done wonders
for the internal improvement of the country.
Theirs was the first railroad started" in this coun-
try, and it was completed amidst great difficulties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Will the Senator suspend his re-
marks for a moment, so that tile first amendment
reported from the committee may be read, in
order that the question may be distinctly pre-
sented before the Senate>
The Secretary read the amendment, which is,
m the first section, to insert after the word " pile,"
in the eleventh line, the words " or other suita-
ble;" so as to read:
To extern! waul lino of lliilroad across tin' river, by
means of a pile, or other Miitabte "truciure, adjacent to and
connected will) the ! Bridge.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 desire to say, without any
more preface, that there arc two or three amend-
ments which I desire to propose to this bill.
While I give all credit to the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company for their great enterprise,
which has done a great deal of good, I must say
that I do not believe they come here now exclu-
sively for the purpose of serving the public. I
think they come here to get a great benefit from
Congress; one which will be of great service to
then- stock, and which will enable them to derive
great, advantages. If you give them this right,
without some alteration of the bill, you destroy
private rights which have been recognized by
Congress; and you destroy the interests of private
individuals in this neighborhood, who have in-
vested very large sums of money for the benefit
of the public. A railroad has been made within
the last few years from the city of Alexandria to
this city, under the sanction of Congress, and in
the belief, on the part of the gentlemen ivho in-
vested their money in the enterprise, that they
were going to be protected according to thcirchar-
ter. If you give this company the right to pass
over the Long Bridge now, you destroy the vested
rights of that company, from the Long Bridge to
Alexandria.
Mr. KENNEDY. The honorable Senator will
allow mc to say to him, that I think this bill is
now drawn in entire concurrence with the views
of the Alexandria and Washington road. The
Baltimore and Ohio branch will join that road at
tjie other end of the Long Bridge.
Mr. BROWN. 1 will say, with the indulgence
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, that in that
conclusion my colleague on the committee, the
Senator from Maryland, is entirely mistaken.
The Washington and Alexandria Railroad Com-
pany are necessarily very bitterly opposed to this •
whole scheme. They asked the same franchise
which it is now proposed to give to this company,
and Congress refused it.
Mr. CAMERON. I was going to say that the
principal owner of this stock called tipon me this
morning to say that he had not been able to make
any arrangement with the Baltimore and Ohio com-
pany at all. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, with its millionsof capital,is disposed
to treat these people, who have invested their one
or two hundred thousand dollars as nothing, be-
cause millions have great power over hundreds.
These men have expended at least a hundred
thousand dollars in making a railroad from Alex-
andria to the end of this bridge, and they have
been anxious, from the commencement, to cross
the bridge or make any connection with the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad that Congress would
authorize them to do; but they.appealed in vain.
Now, you propose to destroy their rights, for the
result of this bill will be, in my judgment, that
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, in-
stead of crossing the Long Bridge, so as to con-
nect with the Alexandria railroad, will go down
on this side of the river and make a connection of ■
their own. Within the last year, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand passengers have been
carried between Alexandria and Washington on
this railroad—an immense number of people—and
yet scarcely anybody in Washington knows any-
thing about the road. Instead of permitting these
people to take their road directly across that bridge
and connect with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
you have compelled them to land at the bridge,
go around by the windings of the river, and take
a circuitous route to the dppot here, occupying an
hour for a journey which ought not to occupy
more than ten minutes, and all because this great
corporation desires to eat up that little one.
I have one amendment now to propose, and
then I have several others; because I tell you,
Mr. President, this company is interfering with
traveling and communication between the distant
connections of this country in such a way as no
corporation ever has done. When I go home, I
have to wait four or five hours in Baltimore, be-
cause the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
is afraid that I, or somebody else, may pass over
to Harrisburg, and thence to Northumberland,
and. thence to Elmira, and thence to the great
Northwest; or from Harrisburg to Wilkesbarre,
and thence to the great Northeast, without paying
toll to the city of Baltimore. They will not check
my baggage through; and if their cais happen to
be five minutes bcliind time in getting into Balti-
more, I must wait five or six hours, instead of
taking the train which leaves half an hour after
they get there. They will not check baggage for
mc or anybody else, except those going directly
between NewYorkand Washington. The whole
travel from the South is compelled, by the ar-
rangement of this company, to go three hundred
miles out of the way to get to Niagara Falls, in
place of going directly up. Mr. President, the
Niagara Falls are thiity miles nearer to the city
of Washington than they arc to the city of New
York; and yet, all travelers from the South are
compelled to go by Philadelphia, and thence to
New York, and then to Albany, and around to
Niagara; because this company will not make the
other connections. That is what 1 complain of
particularly. But the first amendment I propose,
is to relieve these people down at Alexandria, who
have built their little road; putin their little means
to make a road between these two cities, which
is now to be eaten up by this great corporation.
My first amendment is in these words; and then
I will talk about the baggage afterwards ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fostek.)
The Chair will state to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that the first question in order will be
the amendments reported by the committee, on
which action has not been had.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall wait until they are
disposed of. I hope the Senate will vote down
the pending amendment.
Mr. KENNEDY. Let the amendment be again
read.
