1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly; for that
has a bearing upon this debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I read the following from the
Aurora Beacon, published in the district of my
colleague, [Mr. Farnswokth.]
John Brown Meetings in Jiwrora.
There <ire two kinds of disturbances of all communities.
The one is a wind that blows for a day, and only raises a
few white caps. The other is a long, a steady, and a strong
breath, that icaches down to the whole sea,and leaves the
storm working in the depths long after the winds that caused
it are gone.
So have we seen the case of old John Brown afieelmg
tins community. It has gone below the surface and reached
the deepest sympathies and consciences; of the most of our
people.
The first united manifestation of this, was seeu in the
meeting for prayer wlueh ushered in the unlueUv Piiday.
Brown spurned theminiutiations of pro-siaveiy ChrMianity
at the South; but lie did not die without having, m a lit-
eial sense, 44 the benefit of eleigjv' ami ot many a Chus-
tian'sJ prayers. A meeting for prajor \\w* held in the Fust
Congiegational Chuich m time to anticipate the hot haste
of the execution, so that thej might pi ay lor the living, aud
not foi the dead. We never bcloie knew of y hanging in
the loienoon; but this was m keeping with the huny of the
whole tragic farce.
Meetings for Addresses, fyc.
At two o'clock,p. m .the laige hail 111 Empne Block was
nearly filled. The room wiu hung mound with cvoigreens
and lestoons liom some former gay scenes, and was in
strange conn ast with the object of the meeting, as it would
at fast stukc one. Everyone would think of a boiubm
diaporyto grace the hour, when it was then thought Biown
was to be hung within that hour. Butthcsc festoons proved
the fittest garnituie,and eveiy one ielt, as the meeting pio-
giesbcd, that the hanging of Crown should be celebrated
with ccdai, lather than the cypress.
On motion, E. D. Terry was called to the chair, and J.
W. Kay appointed secretaiy. Tho following gentlemen
were appointed a committee on resolutions : Itev Mr Bull,
Rev. Mr. Bartholomew, XJ. P. Ileywood, W. J. Strong, and
Sheldon Hitchcock. During the absence of the committee,
the chairman made some appiopriate remarks. Rev. Mi.
Bull, from the committee, repoi terl the following resolu-
tions;
Wheieas, John Biown, better known as Os^awatomi*'
Brown, having b :en convi 2t;'d of treason, msuircction, and
minder, lor the paiI he acled m the leeent events at Har-
per's l-'eiiv, and ior which he ha*> this day been executed ;
and wlieioas we have ioa-on to behove, liom his own
statements, that he intended neither treason, in unection,
nor minder: Therefoie,
1. Resolved, That, without cxpiessing any opinion upon
his measures, wc do noveltheloss sympathize with him m
his intense hatred of Amencan slavery, and in his deep
conviction, that wo should icmember those m bonds as
bound with them.
H. Rcsulved, That, in view of tho facts in the case, we
regard his tual uni<m,his condemnation unjust, and his
execution a manite^ation of " the ferocity of cow atdiee.''
3. Replied. That a Chilean people cannot eonsNtontly
long letam their respect foi a Government which sustains
tho mgitive slave law ; looks with indifference upon such
acts as bolder ruffianism in Kansas, and sanctions tho Died
Scott decision.
4. Resolved, That occurrences like those at ilatpei's
Feny are the natuial outgrowth of the aggies>ions ot the
slave powci.
5. Resolved, That the promptness of the General Gov-
ernment, in sending military a:d to Ilaipei's Ferry, U in
striking contrast with the indinVrruee manilestcd a lew-
years since, when the livedo! tiae-State men weie jeop.tid-
ized, by tho^e who sought, at the pomt ot the h ijonct, to
legislate slavery into terrUoiy once toieirmJy dedicated io
freedom. _ „
6. Resolved, That the late dilliculty at Ilasper'.- Ferry
has lurm-hed new evidence of the inherent weakm.v* ot 1
the slave States, and oi their dependence upon the Ueneial
Goveinment foi piotection.
Ptaycr w.is otiered by Rev. Mr. Hall, after which the res-
olutions weio spoken to byMessis. Ilaiman, }>ujl. Barthol-
omew , Town, Wiclu/.cr, X)r. Buck, Ichabod Codding, Uov.
Ml Scott, and J W. Ray.
The meeting then aujoumed to meet at Teinpeiunee Hall,
at noven o'clock, when it was undei^tood Mi. Coddmg
would again addicts the meeting.
Temperance Hall was early filled. The news had anived
in the evening papeu of the hanging of Biown, at a qu.n-
ler past eleven, a. in. The telegraphic account wa=> u-ad
to the mepting by the secietary, and produced a piofound
impression. Every one seemed to leel that he himself was
wronged, and that 'humanity itself was outraged In the hui-
ried death oi tho old man Blown ' The disposition to make
speeches was lost m the deep and solemn sympathy for the
family of Biown ; and it was scune time before any one was
leody to utter a woi J. M length. Dr. Buck took the floor,
and -poke upon the second resolution, fie stvled the ex-
ecution of Biown as a judicial murder. Dr. Haul followed,
leimrkmg on the sympathy we should fed ior the i.umlj,
and the indicnatton we should feel lowaids -daveiy. G
W. Grow. J^q., was called up, who r-aid he was almost
leody to juftify John Biown. and did .-o lull} as to hts mo-
tives, thouuh he was not bound to ioilow hnn in hit iden-
tical measuies. lie had him-elf taKcn a lame hand in
helping slaves on towaids Canada—one night driving thn-
teen of them, coveied up. on the I'. G. it. LI. Mi Davids
proposed that \v<j hliould oend one dollar to Thuddeu--
llyatt, of New York city, and get the pictmeof the old man
Biown, eighty cents of which dollar would go to Brown s
family.
Mr f'oddmg then gave an account of the muulcroi Love-
jov. and y.howed how the anti-slavery cause had gamed,
even bv his death. He also ^poke upon the geneial subject
ot r-laveiy. and in particular against its cardinal idea that
one man "can hold property in another man.
The vote was then taken on all the resolutions reported
above, and almoot unanimous ly earned.
It was voted that they be signed, and published in the
Auroia Beacon and the'Reformer.
E. D. TERRY, Chairman.
J. W Ray, Secretary.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, resumed the floor.
Mr. NELSON. I dislike to trespass on the
courtesy of the gentleman from Virginia*, but I
ask him to yield to mo for a personal explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I yield to the gen-
tleman, of coursc.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Clerk, in accordance with
a usage which seems to prevail in this House, I
rise to make a personal explanation. The editor
of the States and Union, a newspaper published
in this city, hay, on three different occasions, per-
sonally assailed mo in his columns. I never saw
the editor of that paper, to my knowledge, and
have done him no wrong; but I have two or three
personal enemies in this city who, as I believe,
from circumstances, have prompted the articles to
which I refer. In the States, of December 14,
the editor, in alluding to the spccch made by me
in this House, on the 6th instant, says:
" It appeals strange, at this linn1, to see the Black Re-
publican press lndoiae the specUi ol a &outhein member of
Congress; yet wo find the blackest of them mdoising the
spccch of Mr. Nelson.''
lie then proceeds to quote a complimentary
notice of my remarks from the Cleveland Herald,
a paper, winch, he says, " came to us m mourn-
ing for old John Brown."
In his paper of the 16th instant, the editor pub-
lishes the following article. I ask the Clerk to
read it:
The Clerk read, as follows:
u Know Nothing Morality —Paison Tavlot, one of the
produce-oisot Hides nr.y,--on, (the picsent F,a-.tTennessee
un'iiibei.) is the candidate ot i\n.-on l«ownlow ioi the
Cktkohip. Ill a letU'i liom tin kitiei to the ioimer, which
wc find in the GieenviUe (Tenne^cc) Deiuoei.U, dated
August 2o. 1859, the lollowmg paiug.aphs aic contained,
which should be kept constantly bcloic the <jc> of the
Outturn woild, in oidei that it m.iydctivc advantagefiom
the pccuhai moralitv winch the; aie calculated to incul-
cate :
'• < U'Etiteridoh were elected Speaker—ot which I think
tbeio is not much prospect—it would only militate acainst
you in this ie>pcct: a^ one ol tho ihire gieat oiiices eon-
leired by tho Ucm--c, Clcik, Speaker, and Pi intei, would be
given to a I'ennof-seenn, the; would cnn^idcr it sufficient
patronage foi one State. The Demociacy and the southern
Opposition will he unable to elcct the otiiceis oi the House,
as I understand it, but the soulhcrn Opposition .and the Re-
publicans eando it. ft will theieloic lequire cm agreement
between them, and n a nation of the offices. Some of our
southern men w,li lee! leluetantto act with them. I would
not; tor. dilfeunii with them, aud denouncing their aboli-
tioniMn,'r would icgaidthe division ol the oflices as a busi-
ness iTftaw-iion.
'• < No one pailv intheTlou-cr.vuilcct without the south-
ern Opposition vote, as thev hold the balance of power;
theieloic, to elect all, the Opposition mu:«t vote wnh one
of tne pamos. lieto.e God, i honestly believe the Demo-
ciatic patty, both North and South, to he soulless, truthless,
tieacheioiis, coirupt, and unprincipled, and ready at all
times, lot the sake of ollice and plunder, to sacnlice their
principles and then pnty,thcu counityand thc>r God,if it
weio po^iblc. Relieving the Kepubhcans to be no noise
than this, 1 would not beguile to act with them u\a matter
ot bunncvs.} ,
"The lorcajoms furnnhe-a key to the speech ol I'Jdnr
Nllson, wlueh (diciteji s0 much nj>plau>c fi'-m the ahoh- i,
Uoi^'deof the llou-c a lew da\-. ago. i'
1 k-So ' th^ gentle p.uson would not hc>!iat" to <ietwith I
I the Abohtiniu^ts. dear sonK Mil a matfei of biwne^ ' !
! Tli;>t it thev would Mmply agtee that tho vecdjvl should :
! be ioithcojii'iiu', thev nnirlit have entiie contiol oi tliupoht- \
I vul Jn othei word', -o we can get the fat office^, we will |
! tmn over the te-pon  b!c one to Sewardism in i\ quid mo
(jvo ! Tma is sound moiahtv, Paisou liiownlow and 1 ai-
^on Taylor !—sound in the sen>e ol the 'i^coid' ot Mi.
joy Moiuus. Elder Nfi-son, of eous-e, mdors<':> it! The
Abohuonir-H are onlv to he acted with m a matter ol husi-
ne>s. This the sole condition. If they aie unwilling to
pav, no coalition with them. If they decline to pay, then
a harnain iriav be made elsewhere—n one can be made.
'•Tins is emphatically tne patriotism which John Ran-
dolph so bitterly denounced—* the loa\ ea and ti 5hc^ patnot-
i the < contents ot the <lc h-pot*' patriotism.
XVv< it not charged by the Gicenviile Democrat, dm nig
the congiessional canvass ot la^t summei, thot Lldei Nr l-
son wdo su])poscd lo br under ih" intlueiscc of shsht aboli-
tion pi oclivirie< ? We have a iamt recollection or read ins
something of the kind m that joutnal. He ^urelv ha^ done
nothing since lie air.vcd heie that tend-, to cxonciate him
fiom such a s-u-p'Cion
u The Ohio new.-^paper which went into deep moiirnnig
foi John Biown, his loudest and most vehement tiump-
eui.*:
Mi. NELSON. And, again, in the States of the
^*^d instant, another article has appeared which 1
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
' * V t2 r y c1 o' n* l i m e n t a r y—v miv.—The abolition journals
fancy that they have found a valuable southern ally in Mr.
Nelson, of Teurietsee. We trust that the Knoxvilte Regis-
ter. Greenville Democrat, and other Ea^t Tennessee Defti-
ociatie nevvspapets, will give a conspicuous insertion to toe
complimentary notice bestowed upon this new member of
the House, fiom that division of the Bitt-a, by the Cleveland
(Ohio) Heiald, a journal which went into deep mourning
ior John Brown the day after his execution. This notice
will be found in ye&terday's edition of the States and UniOQ.
Paison llrownlow and his Know Nothing coadjutors'wiil,
of^eourse, transfer it to their columns-with appropriate com-
mendations.
"4 Marry, sir! my friends praise me and make an ass of in©.'
" Upon the principle that' a bad beginning makes a good
end,5 there is a large margin of reasonable hope that the
congressional eaioer of Mr. Nelson will terminate bril-
liantly j foi assutedly there never was a more inauspicious
commencement than his. Ho played to a Helper testimo-
nial audicncc, with abolition letter-writers as his claqucrs.
If this be the glory to which ho aspires, let him laafce the
most of it—with his constituency.
'• Pity that the confidence of a district, so worthily repie-
sentcd'for the la-t foui yeai.-; by the whole-souled Watkins
—a devoted son of the >unny South, and true to her fires—
should have been so mnplaeed."
Mr. NELSON. The same editor haspublished
various other articles denunciatory of tne south-
ern Opposition and American parties; and, in al-
lusion to the latter, he stated,in his paper of the
20th instant, that—
<k For the Democracy to coalesce with either, as a measure
of expediency, would be to get a grease spot upon its un-
sullied garments, which would signify in all coming time
that it had been in shabby company."
And, at the close of the article, in adverting
to-the possibility of Mr. Sherman's election as
Speaker, the editor says:
" Better, fat, for the good of all concerned, that the House
should adjourn sine die than tnat this should occur."
Other articles have appeared in that paper, ap-
parently written for the purpose of in timidating
the members of the southern Opposition 011 this
floor.
Believing, as I do, that, in a Government like
ours, it is lar better to tolerate the licentiousness
rather than to restrict the freedom of the press,
and that e\ery citizen has a perfect right to enter-
! lain and express sentiments different from my
j own, I have forborne any attention to these arti-
1 cles, and would not notice them now but for the
j studied and malignant efforts to injure me in the
I estimation of all my countrymen, but more es-
j pccially in the good will of my constituents. This
I House and the country, therefore, will excuse me
for stating—what it might not be proper for me
to advert to under other circumstances—that, so
far from it being true, as the editor of the States
would seem to intimate, that my remarks have
only been approved in, what ho styles, the black-
est "of the Republican papers, the Union senti-
ments to which I gave utterance have been most
cordially indorsed by thocditors or correspondents
of various papers in Massachusetts, New York,
Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Virginia, Ken-
tucky, and Tennessee; some of which are Amer-
ican, some Republican, and one, at least, Demo-
cratic.
I have heard that similar approbation has been
expressed in other journals, in various other parts
of the country, but, not having them in my pos-
session, I do not refer to thorn.
It will thus be seen that the editor of the States
has been guilty of a gross suppression of the truth,
111 tacitly seeking to make the impression on the
minds of my constituents, that my sentiments
have been approved oi alone by a Black Republi-
can paper which was dressed 111 mourning for old
John Brown. I am highly giatificd to know that
the expressions oflove and devotion to this great
Union find an almost universal echo in the hearts
of my countrymen, and ore fully indorsed by'the
leading southern Opposition newspapers in Ten-
nessee. Most of the complimentary notices of
my address have been written bypcrsom; whom 1
never saw, and over whom I could exert no pos-
sible influence, and I do not regard these compli-
ments as being personal to myself, but as the ex-
pression of that undying love of the American
Union which so generally animates and inspires
the American mind and heart. In this view, it
will be gratifying to every lover of our country to
be informed "that letters of congratulation have
been sent to me from every quarter; m many cases,
from persons to whom I am a stranger, and in
many others by some of the ablest and most pa-
triotic eiuzens of my native State. This and the
mighty demonstrations of popular sentiment re-
cently made at the great public meetings lli'id ''1
Boston, Philadelphia,Nfcw York, and other pUez-Sj
