1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3141
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the
House amendment provides that the expense
shall be no greater; that there shall be no pay for
double composition.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is very true that by law it
was provided that where one House had ordered
a document to be printed, and the other subse-
quently ordered that document to be printed, it
should bo printed by the Printer of the body
which first made the order. What was the ob-
ject of it? It was simply to save composition—
thai is all; no more, no less. Now, the House
Printer has very little work to do, and a very
large number of documents has been ordered to
be printed by the House, and can be done in a
much earlier period of time if lie is allowed to do
them. How? Without charging composition;
thus obviating the reason which led to the law.
I can see no objection to it. It is but giving each
branch its own printing, without adding one mill
to the cost.
Mr. BIGLER. This is a very plain case. As
the law now stands, the Printer of the House
first making an order, is entitled to all subsequent
orders. The Senate having first ordered the print-
ing of the Patent Office report, the order made
by the House goes to the Printer of the Senate
under that law. That is intended to avoid the
exocnse.of double composition. We made the
order in the early partof the session. The Printer
to the Senate has gone to the necessary expense,
as I understand, of preparing the stereotype plates
for the report, expecting of course that, under
the law as it stands, he would get the order for
the other House, whatever it might be. I admit
that the expense will be precisely the same under
this proposition, and the only question is, whether
the Printer of the Senate, who is entitled to the
press-work under the law, shall be deprived of it,
and it given to the Printer of the House. It is
provided in the amendment, it is true, that nothing
shall be allowed for composition; but, according
to the law as it stands, and the universal custom
here, the Printer of the Senate is entitled to the
press-work on the order of the House. He is
allowed no compensation for composition by this
, amendment; and it is simply a question whether
the Printer of the Senate, under the law* as it
stands, shall have this work to which he is enti-
tled by the law, or whether it shall be taken from
him and given to the Printer of the House ? That
is the whole question. I hope, sir, that no such
change will be made in the order of business. I
would not vote to take from the Printer of the
House any work to which he is entitled under
the iaw, and 1 think we had better adhere to the
law as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to announce a special order,
which was fixed for to-day at half past eleven
o'clock, and which has been inadvertently passed
over.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall go oil and set tie
this bill. Let us get it to a committee of confer-
ence. Let us postpone the special order for the
purpose of considering it.
Mr. LATHAM. If this bill will occupy no
time, I certainly shall not object to the completion
of it at this moment; but at twelve o'clock there
will be another special order, and I am very anx-
ious to have the subject of the overland mails dis-
posed of to-day. It has been delayed for a long
while; and I think this body owes it to itself to
take final action upon it; and I hope it will be
disposed of to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us vote on these
amendments. I think there will be no discussion.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order, so as to so on with the appropriation
bill.
Mr. GWIN. I call for Uie yeas and nays. If
the overland mail bill be laid aside now, we may
never get it up again.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas24, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony, Biiglit,Chesnut, Clark,Dixon, |
Fes'cmleii, Foster, Green, Ilamlin, Hunter, Johnson of |
Tennessee, King, Malloiy, Nicholson, Sew.ird, Simmons,
Smimei, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Wintall, ami Wilson—24.
NAVS—Messrs. Bi«ler, Doolittle, Durfcee, Gvvin, Hale,
Hemphill, Iveison, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Powell, U ice,
Siideli, Wilkinson, and V'ulee—15.
So the special order was postponed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better not
waste any time in this discussion. It is a mere
squabble between the Printer of the House and
the Printer of the Senate, as to who shall havj
plunder that neither of them ought to have. At
is only another illustration of the inefficiency of
the present system, and that the prices an/alto-
gethcr too high. I think we had better le/a com-
mittee of confcrencc settle the matter.
Mr. SLIDELL. This is a more fmportant
matter than it appears on the surface to be. Three
hundred thousand copies of the Patent Office re-
port have been ordered by the House; about four-
teen hundred, I believe, for each member, and
the profits on printing them will be very large.
The profits on printing documents advance in
almost geometrical progression with the number
of copies printed. This is an attempt to abrogate
the law regulating the public printing in favor of
the Printer of the House, probably to carry out
ail understanding that was implied, if not ex-
pressed, that one half of the profits of the public
printing should go for the electioneering fund of
the Republican party. Now, sir, this is a viola-
tion of the contract. The public printing is reg-
ulated by law. The Printer of the Senate has
been elected under that law. He is entitled to all
the emoluments that that law, unless partially abro-
gated, would confer upon him. He certainly would
have a right to call upon Congress to compensate
him for the damages he would sustain by the
taking away of this portion of his legitimate busi-
ness. I wish Democratic Senators, at any rate,
to understand what is the precise object that is
intended to be effected by this amendment. I have
nothing more to say on the subject.
Mr. FITCH. I merely desire to call attention
to an error into which the Senator from Maine
appears to have fallen, that the publication of the
reports would not be delayed. It is an error, and j
every Senator will so understand on reflection, be-
cause the reports are alredy in press; they are ^
stereotyped by the Senate Printer, the work hav- i
ing been first ordered by us, and of course, if they |
are to be stereotyped by the other Printer and
put to press by him, delay will be occasioned.
Again, he said tlie House Printer had very lit tic
work. 1 venture the assertion, and I think the
facts will bear me out, that he lias more work
under the law as it stands than the Senate Printer,
and in addition to that amount this amendment
proposes to give him the work pertaining to the
Senate Printer. It is exceedingly unfair, and I
do not believe the House saw fully the cffect of
it at the time it was adopted. If it was reciprocal,
there would be less objection to it, though then
it would lead to confusion. As it is, it is wholly
one-sided, and I cannot think that any fair-minded
man desires to see it become the law.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
this matter, and T care less; but I want to suggest
to the Senator from Indiana whether the inser-
tion of the word " hereafter" would not obviate
the difficulty he suggests.
Mr. FITCH. « Ordered hereafter r"
Mr. HALE. Yes.
Mr. FITCH. It would, to a very great ex-
tent; and with an additional amendment, making
it reciprocal, I do not know that I should have
any objection to it. There is, however, an objec-
tion to any change in the present law, which, per-
haps, it is worth while for Senators to take into
consideration. The respective Printers, either
the Printer of the Senate or the Printer of the
House, finding that this amendment to the exist-
ing law was operating prejudicially to himself,
might make a claim for damages, and it is for
Senators to reflect on it, and say whether any
claim of the kind would have any foundation in
fact. There is no other objection that I can per-
ceive to so amending the amendment as to make
it apply to documents hereafter ordered,and make
it reciprocal.
Mr. HALE. I do not speak for the Repub-
lican party, and I did not hear the remarks that
fell from the Senator from Louisiana; but no doubt
it was something or other very bad that he thought
they were going to do. I was about to suggest,
however, that I believe once a question arose as
to damages in connection with the public print-
ing. Some twenty or thirty years ago, when the
practice was for the Congress that was going out
on the 4th of March to elect aPrinter for the next
Congress, it so happened that a majority of the
Senate going out on one 4th of March were Whigs,
^arnd elected Gales & Seaton for their Printer; but
when the next Senate came together, there was a
majority who were not Whigs, and they disre-
garded entirely the action of their predecessors,
and elected another Printer. I do not know
whether there was any claim for damages, in that
case, or whether they were ever paid.
Mr. SLIDELL. There was a claim, and it
was paid.
Mr. FITCH. There is nothing new in the law
of the last session which this amendment proposes
to repeal. It was a mere adoption of a provision
in the original law of 1852—a provision, however,
which, at the instigation of the Printers, was sub-
sequently repealed by Congress. They will be
forever asking for these changes in the law unless
we adhere to it as it is, and let them understand
that we are not to consult their interests, but our
own.
Mr. KING. The Senate, I think, has passed
a joint resolution or bill reducing the prices of
printing for the present Congress twenty-five per
cent., and I believe the House of Representatives
has passed one reducing them forty per cent.; so
that the judgment of each House has thus been
expressed as to the present prices of priming. I
therefore move, as a proviso to this amendment
of the House:
Providcdfurlher, That the prices of printing for the pres-
ent Congress be twenty-five per cent, less than the prices
now fixed by law.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from New York
will defeat the object he has in view by this amend-
ment. As he says, we passed a bill reducing the
prices twenty-five per cent. The other Housadid
not see proper toadopt that, or even to amend it,but
have sent an original bill to the Senate, reducing
the prices prospectively forty per cent. Our bill
reduced them retrospectively, from the commence-
ment of the session. The Senator will best reach .
the object by a vote on the House bill, which has
been on my desk for three or four days, with a
direction on the part of the committee to report
it, and it will be reported at the first occasion; and
the Senator from New York can reach his object
by aiding (he passage of that bill.
Mr. HUNTER I rise to a question of order.
The proposition before us is an amendment to an
amendment. Can it be further amended? It is a
House amendment to our amendment.
Mr. KING. I have a word to say, but willfirst
let the Chair decide the question of order. I think
the House amendment can be amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
An amendment coming from the House of Rep-
resentatives is subject to the general law, and, in
the opinion of the Chair, may be amended.
Mr. KING. I move the amendment. The
proposition adopted to reduce the prices, unless
it be agreed to in some mode by both Houses,
of course, will have no effect at all, although the
judgment of each House has been separately ex-
pressed. My object is to give effect to what is
the judgment of both Houses in this matter; and
if it receives the assent of both Houses in some
single proposition, of course, that will be the
cffect.
Mr. FITCH. As I remarked to the Senator,
and as J think he will perceive in a moment, he
will defeat his object by his present proposition.
I understand what his object is, as he has just
asserted it; but if he makes this provision as an
amendment to this "bill, it necessarily goes back
to the House of Representatives, ana finally to a
joint committee of conference, and will very prob-
ably fail; but if we take up the House joint reso-
lution, reducing the prices forty per cent., and
pass that, it becomes the law at once; and that,
as I have already informed the Senator, is onmy
desk, only waiting an opportunity to be reported.
Mr. KING. It is very near the close of the
session, and there is considerable apprehension,
m my judgment, that that joint resolution may
not be acted on. I am willing to act on it. The
Senate has passed a joint resolution making a
reduction retrospectively, going back to the be-
ginning of the present Congress. By the contracts
made with the Printers when they were elected,
they took their places subject to such reduction
as we might make. I think twenty-five per cent,
is a just and reasonable reduction; and X am my-
self in favor of that.
Mr. BIGLER. The amendment suggested by
the Senator from New Hampshire would obviate
