THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
sider the vote, well; if not, I want the matter dis-
posed of.
One word farther: if the vote is reconsidered,
I say.to the House that I desire to amend the bill
so"that, if it should pass, the money shall go to the
heirs-at-iaw of this man, and shall not be drawn by
the administrator from the public Treasury, and
then, under the authority which an administrator
possesses, paid over in part to the claim agent
who is now lobbying around this Hall, as a bonus
for his efforts in getting this bill through.
Mr. FERRY. I believe that this bill was re-
forted from the Committee of Claims by myself,
have no objection to the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Kentucky. This bill is simi-
lar to those passed last Congress. At that time
the House directed the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims to reexamine these cases in reference
to the effect of the statute of limitation upon claims
of this kind. and to report to the House upon their
merits. This case, and several others, were ex-
amined, and upon their merits, and a prima facie
was made out in this case, in favor of the admin-
istrator and legal representatives of the soldier.
Mr. BOLIVIAN. I wouldinquire whether there
is not a general bill pending before the House to
apply to this class of claims?
Mr. FERRY. There was a large number of
those cases referred to the committee which had
been before the Court of Claims. 1 think this is
one of them. They were rejected by the Court
of Claims solely upon the ground of the statute
of limitations. That report of the Court of Claims
came into this House at the last session; and the
House, feeling that it would be unjust for the
Government to set up the statute of limitation,
referred back all these claims to the committee,
with instructions to report upon the merits of
each. At the last session the committee did re-
port upon the merits of these claims, this one in
particular, favorably. The bill which was pre-
pared at the last session, from which this bill was
copied, does not, as stated by the gentleman from
Kentucky, contain a provision that the money is
to be paid to the legal representatives. I think,
myself, if the bill is to pass, it ought to contain
that provision; and X am perfectly willing that the
vote should be reconsidered for the purpose of
making that amendment; and then lot the House
decide whether these claims, against the justice
of which there is nothing appearing before the
committee, and nothing before the Court of Claims
but the statute of limitation, should or should not
bo paid by the Government.
Mr. M1LLSON. The gentleman from Con-
necticut stated that these claims were rejected by
the Court of Claims solely on the ground of the
statute of limitations. I bog to say that the Court
of Claims lias never examined any of the claims
at all, and formed no opinion with regard to any
of them, but simply declared that, inasmuch as
the statute oflimitations barred these cases, they
do not consider them at all.
Mr. PERRY. Exactly as I stated. The only
cause why the Court of Claims reported against
them was the existence of the statute of limita-
tions. Whether they examined the cases or not,
1 do not know.
The gentleman from Indiana inquired whether
a general bill had not been reported, applicable to
these claims. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fenton] has reported a general bill appli-
cable to these claims; and the committee, some
weeks since, through myself, reported also a bill
repealing the statute of limitations, so that the
Court of Claims may go behind the statute, and
adjudicate these cases on their merits. But the
entire uncertainty of the passage of either of these
bills, at this or at any future session, is such as
to render it proper, m case this claim is a just
one, that it should be disposed of at once.
Mr. FENTON. In reply to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Indiana, I beg to say there is a
general bill now before the House which the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims authorized me
to report, which provides for the settlement of the
claims of the officers and soldiers of the revolu-
tionary army, embracing the case now before the
House. That bill provides for the half pay of
officers of the revolutionary army, agreeably to
the resolution of Congress of October, 1780, de-
ducting the commutation certificates received by
them under the act of August 4, 1783, and also
deducting any amount that may have been received
by them under the act of 1828. It therefore em-
braces the case provided for in this bill.
I have given notice to the House that 1 shall call
up this general bill on Wednesday next; and I
would therefore suggest to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] that he allow this mo-
tion to reconsider to remain suspended until af-
ter Wednesday next, when we can have the de-
cision of the House or. this general bill, which
would embrace this and other cases on the Calen-
dar. I have no reply at this time, to make to the
remark of the gentleman from Kentucky that the
amount appropiiated in this bill is simply a bonus
from the Government. 1 have only to say that,
in my judgment, the act of August 4, 1783, did
not satisfy the claims of officers under the half-pay
contract under the resolution of 1780, even though
they did receive commutation certificates. The
bill, however, proposes to deduct these commuta-
tion certificates from all officers who received them.
1 hope the gentleman from Kentucky will permit
this motion to reconsider to pass over until action
shall have been had on this general bill.
Mr. FERRY. I hope the case will not be
passed over until after action shall have been taken
on the general bill, but that the course suggested
by the gentleman from Kentucky will be pursued
so far as reconsidering the vote already taken,
then amending the bill, as suggested by him, and
having a vote taken on it by the House. There
is a principle involved in this bill which is also
involved in many other bills that are now pend-
ing before the committee.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I would like
to inquire of the gentleman from Connecticut
whether there is anything peculiar in this case that
takes it out of the general class of cases covered
by the bill before the House, reported by the gen-
tleman from New York? If there is not, then I
take it that no special case should be considered
by the House until this general bill shall have
been acted on.
Mr. FERRY. I ought to state that this bill
once passed the House. The papers went from
the House to the Senate. The gentleman from
Kentucky wished to move to reconsider, and for
tbat purpose sent to the Senate to get the papers
back, and entered a motion to reconsider.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Is there any-
thing to distinguish the equities of this case from
the general class of similar cases covered by the
general bill reported to the House?
Mr. FERRY. I am not aware that there is.
Mr. CLARK R. COCHRANE. Then I am
opposed to reconsideiing it at this oratany other
time. If the House he of opinion that there is a
general class of cases that ought to be provided
for and paid by the bounty of the Government,
then, ofcour.se, itwould be right to pass a bill for
that purpose; but if the iftuse should decide
against the general bill, then 1 am opposed to spe-
cial legislation m special eases.
Mr. FEItRY. The difficulty about the matter
is this: as I understand, the general bill has once
passed the House at a former session, and failed
ill the Senate. There is not only no certainty, but
there is the greatest uncertainty, that either of
these general bills will be reached; or if reached,
will be passed by both Houses of Congress.
In the meantime, here are the cases of persons
who performed service for the Government under
contract—for the resolution of Congress has been
held by the Court of Claims to be m the nature of
a contract. They are justly entitled, under the
contract, to compensation. They have lain out
of that compensation for half a century; and now
their heirs and representatives ask the Govern-
ment to pay them what the Government agreed
by solemn resolution to pay them.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Then, that is
ail argument in favor of all the cases.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have very little choice as
to the course to be pursued in regard to this bill,
except it is to be defeated. I think it ought to be
defeated. I want to call the attention of the gen-
tleman to another fact connected with this report.
The resolution of October, 1780, was only in-
tended to apply to those officers who were com-
missioned by Congress. There is no proof, nor
docs this report allege, that this man (Francis
Chandonct) was ever commissioned by Congress
at all. The report would rather negative the idea
that he was commissioned by Congress. This
is a case that has been before the Court of Claims;
and the gentleman from Connecticut says it was
rejected on the sole ground of the statute of lim-
itations. 1 take it for granted that the gentleman
from Connecticut is a lawyer, and he will very
well understand that, where an ordinary action
at law is brought, an action on account—debitatus
assumpsit—if the party sets up in his place the
statute of limitations, the court passes, not on
the merits of the case at all, but only on the ques-
tion of the statute oflimitations. So it is in this
case; the court saying that it was barred by the
statute oflimitations. They only passed on that
branch of the case, and refused to consider the
case on its merits. So that that statement is worth
nothing in recommendation of this case.
There is another thing. The gentleman from
Connecticut says that these parties have been kept
out of their pay for half a century, and that that
is a reason why they ought now to be paid; for,
when parties permit their claims, to •which they
are entitled, to sleep fortnore than half a century,
the presumption, in my mind, is, that the parties
obtained what they were entitled to. I believe that
this claim, reported upon for the first time on the
22d of March, 1860, is an aftor-thought on the part
ofthose who are i nterested in obtaining this amount
of money from the Government. That is the view
that I take of it.
Now, I will say this to the gentleman: if it is
the intention of Congress to recognize these old
claims, and to pass a law for the purpose of reopen-
ing them, there is nothing in this case that gives it
a peculiar claim on the consideration of Congress
over other claims of the same class. If it.is your
intention to pass a general law, no individual case
should be taken out of the operation of that gen-
eral law; but they should all stand upon an equal-
ity. I now move to postpone the motion to recon-
sider until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOHN MOSHIER.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the House bill (No. 359) for the relief of
the legal representatives of John Moshier, and that
it be put upon its passage.
Mr. COX. I think that bill ought to take its
regular course upon the Calendar. I must object.
Mr, LOVEJOY. I hope there will be no ob-
jection. There was but a single objection the
other day.
Objection was made.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to give notice that on
some day next week I shall call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which Senate bill No. 104
was referred to the Committee of the Whole,
for the purpose of putting it upon its passage. I
give this notice in order that gentlemen may have
an opportunity to examine the bill. It is a bill
for the adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and
Florida.
LIBRARY OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the unanimous consent o?
the House to make the following report from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds:
The Committee on Public ftuildings and Giounds, to
which was referied the communication of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, under date of March 28, 1860,
have considered the same, and report the accompanying
resolution. C.R. TRAIN, Chairman.
/lesoirc^, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives is hereby authorized, in connection with the aichi-
tect of the Capitol extension, to oanse the Speaker's room
of the old Hall of the House of Representatives, Sergeant-at-
Arms's room, the passage-way on the east side of said Hall,
and the Speaker5.-? gallery, to be fitted up, in connection
with the room over the corridor connecting the old and new
Halls, for the purposes of the Library of the House ot Rep-
resentatives ; and the sum of $3,000 is hereby authorized
to be paid out of any unexpended balances of the. contin-
gent fund of the Hou^e of Representatives, for the purpose
of carrying this resolution into effect.
Mr. BURNETT. Is that a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. TRAJN. It relates to our own library.
Mr. BURNETT. It makes an appropriation
of $3,000. I cannot give my consent to any such
legislation, and I therefore object.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask that a bill, which I in-
advertently reported yesterday, in the case of
