8142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
the objection, so far as it affects the order recently-
made by the House of Representatives; but it
does not affect the objection, which 1 think should
be general, to ever initiating any such proposition
as this. The law as it is settles this question
clearly and distinctly; and let the Printers take
their course under the law. It will be readily
perceived that if this species of legislation be
commenced by the House of Representatives or
the Senate, it will be followed up somewhat in the
spirit of retaliation; and if the House undertake
to take from the Printer of the Senate what he is
entitled to under the law, must they not expect that
the Senate will be induced to take a similar course
in: regard to the Printer of the House? I hope we
shall not entertain this proposition in any shape
whatever. I would therefore suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York, that if he offers his amend-
ment to this amendment—and at this point I beg
to say that I differ from the decision of the Chair;
but that is not important—ho will necessarily lose
his own amendment, because the Senate, I take
it, will non-concur in the House amendment. If
the Senator from New York offers his amend-
ment, and it be adopted, then the next question
will be on agreeing to the House amendment, as
thus amended; and the Senate refusing to agree
to the amendment as amended, the Senator loses
his amendment entirely. I hope he will with-
draw it for that reason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we arc losing time
on a very small matter. I do not think it is of
any consequence who does this printing; and I
am not for having anysquabbleaboutit. I would
as soon one of the Printers did it as another. 1
think, therefore, the shortest disposition we can
make of the matter is the best. Uut I am for the
proposition of the Senator from New York, to
reduce the prices of the public printing, because
. by that the public gains something; and, in this
connection,! desire to ask one question. If we
do not do it on this bill, the Senator from Indiana
tells us he has a bill on his table to reduce the
prices of printing forty per cent. I want to know
whether, in his opinion, we are justified in mak-
ing so large a reduction. I understood him, on a
former occasion, to say that twenty-five percent,
was as great a reduction as he thought would be
proper. Now, if we cannot concur m the House
proposition of forty per cent, we shall have to
amend it, and adopt our original proposition of
twenty-live per cent., and it will go back and
probably be lost. If that is so, 1 think it would
be better, in some shape, to put the reduction on
the appropriation bill. As to who does this print-
ing, 1 care not; but when you come to the ques-
tion of reducing the prices which wo have been
paying, tlic exorbitant, prices for public printing,
the profits of which have gone for party purposes,
1 think the public have an interest in it; and I
hope we shall accomplish thatobjcct in some way.
If the Senator from Indiana intends to recom-
mend the House bill as it is, reducing the prices
forty per cent., I should be satisfied to dispose of
this matter in a moment, and take up that bill
and puss it as it is; but if he is going to amend
that bill,*! fear it will bo lost.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the duty
of the Chair to announce the fact that the morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business of
yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders and continue the consideration of this ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. We can get through with
this matter, I think, in a short time.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 want to make a suggestion
to my friend from New York. Here is the prop-
osition from the House. It is a dispute about
printing. Nobody doubts that it will be negatived
in this body. Then it is gone. Now, suppose
the Senator from New York amends it by adding
his proviso: that goes along with the mam prop-
osition, and it fails. I suggest, therefore, to the
Senator from New York, that instead of pressing
it in this form, he move to add it as a separate
section. Then when we come to vote upon it the
Senate will negative, perhaps, the proposition of
the House, and agree to that of the Senator from
New Yoik, who will thus get what he wants.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from New
York will accept that suggestion; I will go with
him very cheerfullyin the reduction of the prices
of printing if he will make a proper motion to that
effect, which he can do by substituting what he
proposes for this amendment of the House. I
would cheerfully vote that.
Mr. KING. My object is to accomplish an
agreement on the part of the two Houses to make
this reduction. Gentlemen tell me that I shall
fail in m^object if 1 move it to this amendment.
That is upon the presumption that this amend-
ment from the House is to be lost. That is a
matter which the vote of the Senate is to determ-
ine, rather than the opinion of any individual;
but if it be lost, it will then be just as competent
for mc to move this provision as a separate section
to this bill as.it is to do so at this time, though I
suppose there is some doubt as to whether it
would be in order to offer an independent section
to this bill; and on that, I ask the opinion of the
Chair. If the suggestion which has been made
to mc is one which can be carried out in order, I
am content to offer the proposition in that form
if this fails. -
Mr. FITCH. I wish to answer the Senator
from Illinois, who asked mc, and very properly,
for information relative to the opinion and action
of the Committee on Printing; and 1 will again
address myself to the Senator from New York,
because of his persistence in a course which will
defeat an object I have as much at heart as he has
—a reduction of the prices of the public printing.
If his proposition be adopted in the form of an
amendment to this amendment, or even as a sep-
arate section to this bill, it will have to go back
to the House, and they may non-concur; then it
fails; but as a House bill is already pending here,
we can take up that bill, and pass it, and make
the reduction with the assent of the Senator from
New York. If he and the other gentlemen favor-
able to it will give the Committee on Printing an
opportunity, for which they have been struggling
for two or three days, to report back the House
bill, the whole matter will be disposed of at once.
The Senator from Illinois asks whether the
printing will bear the reduction proposed by the
House bill. The Senate and the Senate commit-
tee are committed by their previous action to a
reduction of twenty-five per cent, from the com-
mencement of this Congress. The bill of the
House makes a reduction of forty per cent, from
Us passage; and I thinkit is fully as favoiable to
the Printers as our bill. x\t ail events, if we
amend the bill, it falls, probably, 'at this stage of
the session: but if we adopt it as it is, it is the
law. And I prefer reporting it as it is, without
any amendment, and shall do so on the very first
occasion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am utterly disgusted
with these attempts on the part of the House and
the Senate to legislate for the benefit of the Print-
er, either of one House or the other. I think it
is a miserable squabble, and the sooner we get out
of it the better. 1 cannot look on this amendment
except as n mere effort to give a certain amount
of printing to the Printer of the House. They
voted the printing of three hundred thousand cop-
ies of the agricultural report of the Patent Office.
If they did that because the works are needed for
distribution, they may be printed as well by
the Printer of the Senate as of the House; but if
they did it merely for the purpose of giving the
Printer of the House a job, it ought to be struck
off; and the provision they have made here ought
to be struck off.
Mr. FITCH. Whatever the purposes may
have been, that is the result precisely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law is very well un-
derstood. It is all to be got rid of now, I trust,
m a very short time. I tlo not look at all with
any favor on these amendments that are made to
appropriation bills for the sake of putting money
in the pockcts of A, 13, C, or D. It is of no con-
sequence who prints these books, so far as the
country is concerned, or so far as the House and
Senate are concerned. The best way to dispose
of this matter, m my judgment, is to disagree to
the House amendment; let it go to a committee of
j conference, and there be settled; and not attempt
I to amend it, as proposed by my friend from New
"York; because, by so doing, we shall only em-
barrass the question; and J am confident, from
what has been said, that we can get at his object
by taking up the other bill; but by puttingon this
provision here, we shall complicate this difficulty
that now exists between the Senate and House.
I think we had better take an open, bold course
about the matter, reject the House amendment,
and let it go to a committee of conference, instead
of having this long and almost interminable debate
on the question of printing, which has grown up
here out of place and out of season.
Mr, PITCH. If the Senator from Maine could
constitute the committee of conference, I should
be perfectly willing to let it go there, for he looks
on the subject precisely as I do. He desires to
consult the public interests, without looking at
the interests of individuals, whether printers or
otherwise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must go to a confer-
ence; we cannot settle it here.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the Senator is correct.
If the motion of the Senator from Virginia pre-
vails, it goes theie of course; but if a suggestion
which was made, I think by the Senator from
Illinois, that we concur in the House amendment,
be adopted, of course it does not go to a confer-
ence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Indiana, that it makes no differ-
ence in what form we put the question, whether
it is to concur or non-concur. It amounts to the
same thing.
Mr. FITCH. It makes no difference as to the
form of the motion; but the result of the vote
makes a material difference, for if the motion be
to concur, and that motion be carried, there is no
further action; the matter is disposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I can suggest to the
Senator from Indiana a mode by which we can ac-
complish the object,and stop this debate. Every-
body is in favor of the reduction The Senator
from Indiana can show to the Senate in less than
five minutes that the reduction of forty per cent.,
as proposed by the House, is really less than the
twenty-five per cent, that the Senate is already
committed to. Now, if the Senate, by unanimous
consent, will allow the Senator from Indiana to
report the joint resolution of the House, it will
pass at once, and then this can fall to the ground,
and we can dispose of this bill without any diffi-
culty.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot agree to that. I
must insist on disposing of this bill now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will take up the other
immediately after we get through with this bill.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps the Committee on Print-
ing can obtain general consent to report it imme-
diately after the disposition of this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. KING. It has been suggested that the
amendment which I propose had better be offered
as an original section to this bill. I would prefer
that it be added to this amendmentof the House.
I have made the motion, and it is for the Senate
to determine whether it shall be added here or not.
I shall adopt the suggestion that has been made to
me, and move that it be added as an additional
and independent section, if it shall fail here.
Mr. HUNTER. That is not m order.
Mr. KING. I supposed it might not perhaps
be in order.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think this difficulty can bo
very easily obviated. I am not very familiar with
the rules, but all Senators seem to appear to con-
cur in the opinion that this cannot be offered as a
distinct substantive provision; but the amendment
of the House of Representatives may be altered
so as to carry out the views of the Senator from
New York. The amendmentof the House leads
thus:
" And it is hereby provided, that all extra documents or-
dered to be printed by the House of Representatives duung
the Thirty-Sixth Congress, not already executed, shall he
printed by the House Printct," &e.
Now, I would make it read:
"That on all documents ordeied to be punted by either
biaticli of Congress daring the Thiity-Sixlli Congress,
twenty-rive per cent, shall be deducted from the prices now
established by law."
That certainly is an amendment which is ger-
mane, and within the rule, and if the Clerk will
draw it up, and put it in technical form, I shall
offer it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, that any amendment of that
kind ought to be reciprocal; it ought to be general,
and apply to both Houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does apply to both.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is right.
Mr. KING. I desire to have this proposition
