1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
them ekher by the treaty or by the act of 1834, |
which was passed out of the great liberality of
Congress towards these persons. All they asked
of us, all they had a right to ask, was that the
forces of the United States should not.be with-
drawn until some arrangement was made with the
Government of Spain by which they should not
be maltreated. That was all that was extended
to them. •
I say, sir, that such was likely the case. Why
do I say so in addition to what I have already
said? Let any one examine some of these cases,
and see the nature of the claims. Something was
said about the price of cotton. I never understood
that Sea Island cotton was raised throughout the
whole of that country.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will allow me to
say that that was the great staple of that whole
region %f country at that time.
Mr, BRAGG. Sea Island cotton ?
Mr. YULEE. Nothing else.
Mr. BRAGG. Well, sir, that is information
that X have not received before. I shall not dis-
pute as to the value of the cotton. The Senator
from Georgia may be right about that matter, or
he may be wrong. I had my doubts about it ex-
ceedingly, from the amount charged; but in some
eases there are as much as three or four dollars a
bushel allowed for sweet potatoes. I hope they
make sweet potatoes in Florida; but if we can get
as much as that, all my constituents have to do is
to send down their potatoes and make a fortune.
Mr. YULEE. Although I am not interfering 111
these cases, for a reason which I stated last year,
I will say that I happened to be counsel in 1835,
before the court in Florida, in the case the record
of which is printed before us, and I think it proper
to mention to the Senate that no such allowance
was ever made, or dreamed of, or heard of, as the
Senator now states.
Mr. BRAGG. Then I have not got my facts
correctly; but I believe I have. There is another
fact, sir, about which I think there can be no dis-
pute. If we may dispute about the price charged
for cotton and potatoes, there can be no dispute
that many of these claimants, after having been
allowed the full value of the property which it was
charged had been destroyed, were not only allowed
for the crop of 1812, in which year it appeared
this damage was done, but they were also allowed
the, full estimated amount of the crops which they
might have made in the year 1813, though the
army was withdrawn by the middle of May, 1813.
I want to know upon what rule of damages that
estimated amount for the crop of 1813 would have
been brought by the judge or anybody else within
the provisions of the act of 1834. Here, for in-
stance, is a man's crop, his house, his plantation,
and everything, destroyed in 1812—burnt, ruined,
all gone, stock and everything—desolation, like
that of the Carnatic, as my friend says, when it
was passed over by Hyder Ali.
Mr. TOOMBS. The judge said so.
Mr. BRAGG. Well, the Senator quotes it, and
adopts it, and reads it here as authority. That
was done in 1812. I think I have shown the Sen-
ate that the army was withdrawn from active
operations as early as April or May, 1812. The
judges allowed full payment for the crops of 1812;
and then, inasmuch as the troops were not finally
withdrawn from Florida until about the middle of
May, 1813, they allowed the same persons the
full value of the crops which they said they could
have made in 3813 but for the previous destruc-
tion of their property in 1812. If such a case as
that was presented by my friend in a court, what
would the answer be to him? If you can go for
the year 1813, after you have received pay for the
damages done to you in 1812, you can go for the
ye.ar 1814, for 1815, for 1816; yea: sir, by con-
tinuing to claim, they could go forever up to the
present time. Many such claims were allowed.
Butagain, as to the number of these claimants,
how many were there ? I have before me the re-
port made by Mr. Guthrie, Secretary of the Treas-
ury in 1854. It is said thatall the Secretaries and all
the Attorneys General have been of opinion that the
claimants ought to be paid. In that 11 hi nk the Sena -
tor from Georgia was very much wide of the mark.
I have before me the report of Mr. Guthrie, made to
this body in 1854. Whatdoes he say in relation to
the matter? He was governed by the opinion of
Mr. Attorney General Cushing, which is the latest
opinion, 1 believe, that has been had in relation
to the subject. Mr. Cushing did not recommend
the Secretary to pay them; Mr. Cushing did not
think they ought to be paid; but what says Mr.
Guthrie ? He had the whole of these cases before
him; he had all the evidence before him, which
we have not; he examined into the whole matter;
he made an elaborate report after full examination,
and no man, it must be conceded,was more capa-
ble of making a report upon the subject than he
was. What does lie estimate the population of
Florida at? In 1820, at the time it was ceded to
the United States—mind you, these injuries had
occurred at an earlier period, when the population
could not have been greater—but in 1820? when
Florida was cedcd,he says, exclusive of Indians,
the population, white ana black, in the whole of
Florida—East and West Florida—did not exceed
ten thousand people. He estimates one half of
that population to have been blacks—slaves; the
other half whites. He gives the number of claims
that had been presented—those under the inva-
sion of 1818 and those of 1812. How many were
they? Three hundred and seventy claimants in
all presented claims which were examined and al-
lowed, and to them had been paid $1,224,992 68.
That embraced all the claims which had been be-
fore the Treasury and which had been paid.
Mr. Guthrie makes another estimate as to the
number of families. Allowing eight to a family,
he says that) in the whole of the two Floridas,
there could not have exceeded six hundred and
twenty-five families. It will be remembered that
there were only forty or fifty belonging to West
Floiida, out of the whole three hundred and sev-
enty claimants. Nearly all of them, therefore,
belonged to East Florida. There was only five
thousand white population in the whole of the two
Territories In 1820, and, allowing eight to a fam-
ily, only six hundred and twenty-five families in
both the Territories; and in East Florida alone
there were claims presented and allowed to about
three hundred and forty heads of families—largely
more, of course, than half of all the families that
could have resided in that part of East Florida, a
narrow strip of country, from St. John's to St.
Augustine, hardly one hundred miles in extent.
Yet it is said th&t there were three hundred and
seventy claimants residing in that country who
had received this amount of damage—received
$1,100,000; and Mcintosh tells you that the
whole of the planters in that region were patriots
who had joined the American forces. Where did
the remainder come from? Who are they?
In fact and in truth, notwithstanding what the
honorable Senator said here, that all the Secre-
' tarics thought thi.-j money ought to have been paid,
\ Mr. Gutlnio says they have already been paid
more than double what they were entitled to, and
that, for one, he was opposed to paying another
cent. Such was his language, and you cannotget
oil with all the facts in this case on any other sup-
position. These very men who had risen before
the United States troops and the militiafrom Geor-
gia entered the Territory; the so-called patriots,
of whom Mr. Mcintosh was the leader, compos-
ing, as he says, all or nearly all the planteis of
that section of the province, were engaged in this
revolution; and if they suffered in the melee, if
their property was destroyed by the Indians or
by the Spaniards, or in the course of war, what
claim have they now to come back on the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and not only ask
them to pay the value twice over, as Mr. Guthrie
said, of the property which they lost, but to pay
interest upon the amount which was proposed to
be allowed by the judges of Florida, from the
time they made their award up to the piesent date?
For one, Mr. President, if I believed this claim
to be a just and fair one, I would vote felt it; I
j would pay no regaid to the amount involved; but
believing, as I said before, that the claim was not
provided for by the treaty; that it was not in-
tended by Congress, in the legislation of 1834, to
admit that it was within the treaty; believing that
we are not concluded at all by this legislation, or
by the action of Congress, or of any Department
of the Government; believing further that these
claimants, all who are justly entitled to claim
under the act of 1834, have been paid, and more
than paid, and that thousands and hundreds of
thousands of dollars have been paid to others,
who had no claim upon the Government, either
under the treaty or the act of 1834,1, for one,
cannot vote for the bill.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, having myself re-
ported this bill from the Committee on Claims,
it was- 
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that at this
late hour, and considering the importance of the
question, the Senator from Vermont does not de-
sire to go on now. If we make some disposition
of the question before the Senate, I want an ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. FOOT, I was about to remark, Mr. Pres-
ident, that having myself«reported this bill from
the Committee on Claims, it was my purpose, as
it would have been my privilege, assuming the
responsibilities which attach to the position I oc-
cupy in relation to the bill, to have expressed my
views upon it and, upon some of the important
material questions it involves, somewhat in detail
and at some considerable length, and upon the
opening of the debate upon the bili. I was- pre-
vented from doing so by unavoidable detention
from the Senate Chamber when yesterday this
bill was taken upfor consideration. I desire still
that opportunity to express the views I entertain
upon the whole question; but as it is somewhat
late in the afternoon, and X understand from the
honorable Senator from Virginia that he desires
an executive session on important business,. I
will move that the further consideration of this
bill be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock,
it being considered that it shall be the special or-
der of the day at that time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the Senator that there is one special order
for to-morrow at one o'clock. I wish lie would
name some other day.
Mr. FOOT. I will say further,Mr. President,
that it will suitmy personal convenience entirely
to have this bill fixed for some early day, either
to-morrow or any other day during the present
week.
Mr. TOOMBS. To-morrow.
Mr. FOOT. But I shall desire the opportunity
at an early day to speak at length on this question.
Mr. IVERSON. I will say to the Senator from
Vermont that if he will not move to postpone it
and make it the special order, we may go into
executive session at once, and then it will come
up to-morrow as the unfinished business.
Mr. FOOT. I understand that is so.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate-adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 20, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MOItlTZ SCIIOISPFLEE.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
hereby is, respectfully requested to communicate to this
House copies of all papers and letters on file in hla? Depart-
ment peitaming to the removal ofMontz Sehoefflei, late
collector at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and copies of all papers
showing the manner in which said ^clioetiler has- conducted
himself m said office, together with copies of curb ovjd" ce
as may be on file in the Treasury Department showing
whether or not said Sclioeifler is, or was, a public deiaultei
at the time ot his lemoval as said collector ; and if ^o. the
date and amount of said default.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF UTAII.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent,introduced
a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to estab-
lish a territorial government for Utah,'; approved
September 9,1850, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. NOELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was so referred.
The motion was entered, and passed over for
the present.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave to have the joint
resolution from the Senate, in relation to the
Louisville and Portland canal, taken from the
