1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
way, or conduct their investigation in a particular
manner. They believed—and such was the de-
bate on the bill—that in order to judge they must
have the fall and free scope of investigation; that
to determine implied the authority to inquire and
investigate as they saw fit, else they were iiot ieft
free to judge of the election and qualification of
their own members. But still they thought that
a law rftight be made which would prescribe a
wholesome rule—a rule that would and should be
adopted, so far as it was practicable, and which
would enable parties contesting a scat here to be
prepared before the meeting of Congress to lay
before Congress at the beginning of the session
their proofs—so that nothing would be required
after the commencement of the session but for the
House to decide upon those proofs. They passed
the act of 1851, the main feature of which, or all
of which that has any bearing upon this case, I
will read to the-House. It provides:
(i Sec. 1. Whenever any person shall intend to contest
* an election of any member of the House of Representatives
of the United States, he shall, within thirty days after the
result of such election shall have been determined by the
officer or board of canvassers authorized by law to determ
ine the same, give notice, in writing, to the member whose
seat he designs to contest, of his intention to contest the
same, and, in such notice, shall specify, particularly, the
grounds upon which he relies in the Contest.
" Sec. 2. Any member upon whom the notice mentioned
in th<5 first section of this act may be served, shall, within
thirty days after the service thereof, answer such notice,
admitting or denying the facts alleged therein, and stating
specifically any other grounds upon which he rests the va-
lidity of his election, and shall serve a copy of his answer
upon the'contestant." ******
9. The testimony taken by the parties to the con-
test, or either of them, shall be confined to the proof or
disproof of the facts alleged or denied in the notice and an-
swer mentioned in the first and second sections of this act;
and no testimony shall be taken attcrthe expiration of sixty
days from the day on which the answer of the member re-
turned shall be served upon the contestant; and a copy of
the notice of contest, and of the answer of the returned mem-
ber, shall be prefixed to the depositions taken, ami transmit-
ted jcith th&m to the Clerk of the Home of Representatives :
Provided, That the House may, at their dHeietion, allow
supplementary evidence to he taken alter the expiration of
sala sixty days."
The statute, you perceive,proscribes that, within
thirty days after the result of any election shall
be rfe(cnniii«i by the canvassers authorized by
law todeterminethe same, the contestant*shall give
notice of his contest to the member returned, and
that the member returned shall, within thirty days,
makehis answer, and then that both parties should
take their proofs in support of their allegations
and denials within sixty days thereafter, with the
provision that the House may, at their discretion,
allow supplemental evidence to be taken after the
expiration of the said sixty days.
It was the design, Mr. Speaker, I have said, of
, the Congress that passed that law, to prescribe a
wholesome rule, A recurrence to the debates will
. show that it was the opinion of the Congress who
passed it that this was only to be a matter volun-
tary upon the part ofevery con testant, that ho might
avail iiirnself of the provisions of this act or not,
as he pleased; but that, if he did avail himself of
it, he was bound by the provisions of the act, and
must conform himself to it; that he must serve
his notice and close his proofs within the time
prescribed in that act. Such', in a lengthy argu-
ment in favor of the bill, was the View taken by an
experienced member of this House—Mr. George
W. Jones, of Tennessee. He said substantially
thai no other construction of the act could, for a
moment, be allowed, in consistency with that pro-
vision of the Constitution which left each House
perfectly free to judge of the election and qualifi-
cation of its own members. This construction,
whether correct or not, is not necessary for a just
decision of this question; but this much may be
considered as true: that he who avails himself,
whether necessarily or voluntarily, of the provis-
ions of this act, must bring himself within it, or
he cannot have its benefits; for the first and by
far the more important of these benefits is that it
clothes a magistrate with the power to take testi-
mony of such witnesses as he shall send forth his
subpena to and bring before him; and it provides
that a witness thus brought before the court shall
be compelled to testify, under the pains and pen-
alties of perjury. Unless, therefore, a case is made
which comcs within the provisions of the act, no
man can avail himself of its benefits.
The first section, upon which is based the juris-
diction of the case, provides that it shall only
apply to cases where there has been a determina-
tion by the canvassers or persons authorized by
law to determine the result. Unless there has been
a determination of the result by the authorities of
the State, whose duty, by the law, is so to determ-
ine, this law cannot apply to the case. The law
—i see it intimated in the papers in this case—was
one which was well considered in its passage.
I have to say, that I think the experience of all
the Committees of Elections since the passage of
the law has shown that it is extremely defective;
and from this very case, it can be seen that there
may arise very many cases that cannot be brought
within-the provisions of this statute. There may
be cases where the canvasscrs are divided in opin-
ion, and they are unable to determine the result.
There may be cases where the canvassers are cor-
rupt, and refuse to determine the result. There
may be cases where the result may depend alto-
gether upon nice and delicate questions, which
they must determine beforehand, before they can
come to a conclusion as to what the final result is,
and what the canvass has determined. In all and
any of these cases, when a man undertakes to con-
test a seat in this House, and goes before a magis-
trate for the process which the statute authorizes,
he finds himself at once without a basis upon
which jurisdiction can rest, because the very first
ground of his presentation to the court—that there
was a canvass, and that it has been determined
by the prop^ authorities—is wanting.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the case now before the
House. The course of the State canvassers in
New York was so peculiar, and, I may be per-
mitted to say, so strange, that it left the contest-
ant and the contestee without the ability to avail
themselves of the provisions of this statute. It is
the duty of the inspectors of elections in the State
of New York to certify to the board of county
canvassers the result, as it is termed in the stat-
ute, of the election in their several precincts, and
to attach to that return a specimen ballot of each
ballot cast in their precincts. It is the duty of the
county canvassers to certify, as to all elections for
members of Congress, to a board of State can-
vasscrs the result, as certified to them by the in-
spectors of elections in the several districts. Then
it is the duty of the State canvassers, a board pro-
vided by law in the State of New York, to per-
form two or three distinct functions, to each of
which I ask the attention of the House.
The board, when thus formed, shall, upon the
certified copies of the statements made to the
county canvasscrs, proceed to make a statement
of the whole number of votes given at such elec-
tion for Representatives in Congress,and the num-
ber cast for each person or candidate. That is j
their first duty.
Then tlicy shall certify said statement to be
correct, and subscribe the same with theirnames.
Then, upon such statement, they shall proceed
to determine and declare what persons have been,
by the greatest number of votes, duly elected to
such offices, or either of them. They shall then
make and subscribe upon the proper statement a
certificate of such determination, and shall deliver
the same to the Secretary of State of the State of
New York.
They arc first.to make a " statement'* and cer-
tify it to be true, and subscribe it, and then upon
that statement they are to act judicially. They
are to " determine*' upon that statement who are
duly elected aecording to those votes, and they
are to certify that judgment and adjudication
upon that statement, and send it to the Secretary
of State. The Secretary of State#is to enter that
upon the records, and to send one certificate of
such " determination" to each of the persons so
elected, declaring them to be elected, another to
the Governor of the State, and a third addressed
to the House of Representatives, declaring such
men to be elected.
Now, it came to pass, in the election of 1858, j
that in the city of New York the county canvass- j
ers, when they came to certify the polls in the sev- i
eral precincts which had been certified to them, |
up to the State canvassers, certified the votes to j
have been cast for " members of Congress,5' in- j
stead of Representatives in Congress. And it came i
very strangely to pass, that the State canvassers
thought that, because the votes were certified to
have been cast for members of Congrebt, rather than
for Representatives in Congress, they could not be
counted. There were two or three other counties
in the State in which the votes had been returned
in the same way. They went on to canvass the
State, and threw out all such votes. It so hap-
pened that this action of the board did not affect
the result in any other district than those in the
city of New York'. When they came to make the
canvass for that city, they found all the votes cer-
tified in the manner I have stated. They there-
fore adhered to the words of the statute, and made
out their statement of those votes: the county clerk
of New York county, in the mean time, sending
tjiem a new statement that the specimen ballot3
returned to them by the inspectors were for Rep-
resentatives in Congress. The board made out a
statement of these facts, and of those votes which
were certified to them for members of Congress,
and concluded in these words:
11 We fuither certify, that no vote* arc returned from the
said county of New York for the office of Representative
in Congress j and we further certify that a certificate ot the
count/clerk has been presented to us, stating that all the
ballots returned to and filed in his office as used at said
election for the aforesaid persons were for Representative
in Congress, and not for ' member of Congressj> and we
further certify that, inasmuch as said office was not legally
designated in the returns of the county canvassers of the
said county of New York made to this board, we cannot
certify to the election of any persons to the office of Rep-
resentative in Congress m the said respective districts."
Having made the statement required by law,
and having come in obedience to the statute to de-
termine who was elected on that statement, they
declined to do so,- and said that for these reasons
they could not determine and certify that any-
body was elected. They show facts, I think,
sufficient to enable us to determine. They show
facts sufficient to make us conclude that they
ought to have determined. At the same time, they
show that although they could have determined,
and although they ought to have determined, they,
nevertheless, did not determine the result. They
sent to all the members elected from the other dis-
tricts, except these six, certificates of election. A
copy of that certificate will be found on the 22d
page. They say:
" Wc, the Secretary ofState, Comptroller, Attorney Gen-
eral, State Engineer and Surveyor, and Treasurer, having
foimed a board of State canvas&cis, and having canvassed
and estimated the whole number of votes given for Repre-
sentatives in Congress at a general election held in* said
State on the 2d day of November, ] 858, according to certi-
fied statements of the said votes, received by the Secretary
of State, in the manner directed by law, do hereby determ-
ine, declare, and certify, that the following persons, respect-
ively, by the greatest number of votes given in the seveial
congressional districts of the State, were elected Repre-
sentatives of the State of New York in the Thirty-Sixth
Congress of the United States, to wit."
Then they give the names of the several per-
sons determined and declared by them to be
elected, leaving out those for the third and other
districts in the city of New York. This certifi-
cate and determination they sent to the Govei nor
of the State and to this House of Representatives.
But the statement that I have before read to the
House, and on which they declined to make a
determination, they sent to -nobody—neither to
Mr. Sickles nor Mr. Williamson. They neither
recorded it with the certificate of election, nor did
they send it to this House #f Representatives.
Thus the matter stood in regard to this third
district; Mr. Sickles having no certificate, Mr.
Williamson having no certificate—no one, so far
as a legal determination by the State authorities
of Now York is concerned, iiaving any adjudica-
tion that he was entitled to the seat. Thus it stood
till the 29th of November last, seven days before
the meeting of Congress. Then Mr. Sickles pro-
cured from the office of the Secretary of State—as
anybody else could procure by paying for it—a
copy of the statement that I have read to the
House. He brought it with him here, and it is
the only paper that he ever had in regard to his
right to hold his scat, and this he held but seven
days before this session commenced.
Now, sir, it is claimed by Mr. Sickles, and by
the minority of the committee, that Mr. William-
son was called upon, by the statute of 1851, to
serve notice on Mr. Sickles that he would con-
test his right to the seat to which nobody had
determined that he had any right. It was the
opinion of the majority of the committee that,
as the case thus stood, Mr. Williamson was no
more called upon to serve notice of contest on Mr.
Sickles than Mr. Sickles was called upon to serve
such notice on Mr. Williamson. True it is, that
there exists a statementfrom which anybody could
make up his mind how the proper authorities
oughtto have determined this question. Rutitis
