2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
half pay of fifteen dollars per month -which he is
now receiving, to commence from the 1st of March,
1860.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Clark volunteered his services as a soldier for and
during the Mexican war, on the 1st of December,
1846, at Columbia, South Carolina, and was after-
wards elected secoad lieutenant in Captain Wil-
liam D. De'Saussm-e's company, (H,) in Colonel
Pierce M. Butler's regiment South Carolina vol-
unteers. He served until October, 1847, when he
w;as discharged from active service, for disability,
on sick leave, for the residue of the war. He acted
as adjutant in Colonel Butler's regiment in the
battles of Churubusco and Chepultepec, in which
latter battle he was badly wounded while charging
the enemy on the 13th of September, 1847. His
sickness and disability continuing, he was fully
discharged on the 7th of July, 1848, by general
orders No. 36. He is still suffering from the wound,
and is now totally disabled from obtaining a sub-
sistence for himself and family by manual labor;
and, from the nature of his wound, he is liable at
any time to become more disabled. His half-pay
invalid pension commenced from March 1, 1855,
the day his evidence was completed.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
ANN G. BARKER.
A bill (H. R. No. 397) gran ting a continuation of
pension to Ann G. Barker.
Mr. BRABSON. I ask that that bill be passed
over for the present. I think that the House will
not be called upon to act upon it finally.
The bill was passed over informally.
SARAH BLACKWELL.
A bill (I-I. R. No. 398) granting a pension to
Sarah Blackwell.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Sarah Blackwell on the invalid
pension roll, and pay lier a pension, at. the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the 13th of April,
1858, and continue duiing widowhood.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Sarah Blackwell is the widow of James L. Black-
Well, who volunteered at Fort Smith, about the
ljfth of July, 1846, for twelve months in the Mex-
ican war, under Captain Felch, and her affidavit
sots forth that he remained in the service until the
last Jay of January, 1847, when ho died of disease
contracted in the service, and while in the line of
his duty. The Commissioner of Pensions states,
in a letter to Hon. .T. S. Piiki.fs, that the battalion
to which Blackwell belonged was employed in
defense of the frontiers of Arkansas, but never
started to the seat of the war. His widow is in
very feeble health, about, forty-four years of age,
was a widow at the time of this application, and
has three children, aged about nineteen, sixteen,
and fourteen years. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions rejected her claim for a pension, on the
ยง round that her husband having been kept at Fort
mith for the purpose of protecting the frontiers
of Arkansas, and not having marched to Mexico,
the seat of war, she was not entitled under any
existing law. The committee do not believe that
such a discrimination is just, and report a hill.
Therebeinj? no objection, the bill was kud aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
ADALINE CADDIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 399) granting a pension to
Adaline Caddis.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Adaline Caddis on the invalid
pension roll, and pay her a pension, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from*the 12th of March,
I860, and continue during life.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Henry Caddis was private in Captain Montgom-
ery D. Corris's company of the Virginia regiment
of volunteer's in the Mexican war ; that he was
discharged at Buena Vista, in Mexico, on sur-
geon's certificate of disability, and that the disa-
bility was brought on while m the servicc of the
United States and in the line of his duty. His
widow states in her petition thatshe was informed
that her husband started home, and that on ac-
count of his diseased condition he was left by his
comrade in a dying condition. She has never heard
from him since. There is no evidence on file of
his death, nor is there any evidence that he was
abandoned by his comrade, except her statement
in the petition. She is still a widow. She states
that she cannot find her husband's comrade.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
JAMES FLOYD.
A bill (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of James
Floyd.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of James Floyd on the invalid
pension rolls of the United States, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the 28th
of January, 1858, and to continue during his nat-
ural life.
Mr. BURNETT. If the committee will give
me unanimous consent to amend that bill, so as to
make it take effect from the time of its passage, I
will not object.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I hope it
will not be so amended.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well, sir; if thegen-
tleman is not willing to take that amendment, I
will object.
Mr. BRABSON. Will the gentleman hear the
report read ?
Mr. BURNETT. Very well.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
James Floyd enlisted in the service of the United
States as a private in the company commanded by
Captain Stokes, in the regiment commanded by
Lieutenant Turpin, during the war with Great
Britain, in 1812; that he was honorably discharged
by Lieutenant Turpin on the 13th of October,
1814, at Camp Flornoy, Georgia; that while in
the service, he became disabled at a place known
by the name of Foxe's Old Fields, in Rowan
county, North Carolina, in March, 1813, by being
thrown from aliorse and wounded in his right leg,
which disabled him from performing the duties of
a soldier, and on account of which disability he
was discharged. The pctititioner has resided,
since his discharge, in the county of Davidson,
North Carolina. These facts are established by
the testimony of several aged witnesses, who
knew the petitioner,and were personally knowing
to the injury he received while in the service. He
is now acounty charge from such disability. The
Commissioner ofPensions rejected his claim for
pension, on thegiound "that it did not appear
sufficiently clear that the petitioner's present dis-
ability resulted from the injury he received while
in the service." The committee are of opinion
that the case is cleaily proved and every way
meritorious, and therefore report a bill granting
him a pension l'rom the date of his application to
Congress for relief.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask whether
this soldier belonged to an infantry or a cavalry
company ?
Mr. BRABSON. He belonged to a company
of light dragoons.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I am will-
ing that the bill should be amended m any way
the committee may desire.
Mr. ICUNKEL. It does not appear that the
ulcerous discharge, which now disables the ap-
plicant, is the result of the injury he received.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Three sur-
geons state so distinctly.
Mr. KUNlvEL. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER
A bill (H. R. JNo. 401) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of Gnstavus B. Horner.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. SPININ'ER. I make the point of order
that the gentleman cannot make peremptory ob-
jection without any explanation. I ask that his
objection be stated.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rules of the
House, debate is precluded on this day. A gen-
tleman can state that he objects to a bill, but no
more. The Chair, therefore, overrules the point
of order.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to object before
the report of the committee is read?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
RICHARD BRAZIER.
A bill (H. R. No. 402) granting an increased
Sension to Richard Brazier. [Objected to by
Ir. Gartrell.]
MARY "BENNETT.
A bill (H. R. No. 403) for the relief of Mary
Bennett.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Mary Ben-
nett, the widow of the late Captain Charles W.
Bennett, of the United States revenue service,
who died June 15, 1855, from disease caused by
extraordinory exposures in the line of his duty,
while engaged in the revenue service, on the pen-
sion roll, at a compensation of thirty dollars per
month, commencing with the passage of the act,
and to continue to her during her widowhood,
and after her death or intermarriage to bo paid to
her children,until they, respectively, arrive at the
age of sixteen years, agreeably to the provisions
of the act of 11th August, 1848.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
Mrs. Bennett is the widow of Charles W. Ben-
nett, deceased, late a captain in the United States
revenue service. Captain Bennett was commis-
sioned as lieutenant in the service April 10,1839;
served at various stations on the Atlantic coast
until the spring of 1850, when he was ordered to
the San Francisco station, to which he repaired
on the bark Polk as first lieutenant. After his
arrival he was transferred to*the revenue brig
Lawrcnce, and remained thereon doing active
duty, under Captain Douglass Ottinger,-until No-
vember SJ5, 1851, when the brig was wrecked and
lost. Up to this time, as is testified by Captain
Webster, of the bark Polk, there was not a more
healthy or robust person in the service. On the
night of the wreck he engaged actively on the
bcqfh and in the water in saving valuable Gov-
ernment property from the vessel. The weather
was inclement, and he was much exposed in the
water. From that time his health was broken
and declined. He returned from San Francisco
in 1852, under the care of Captain Webster, and
during the voyage his health failed so rapidly that
Captain Webster did not expect him to survive
long enough to reach home. He reached home,
and, from illness, was exou ed from duty until
August!), 1853, when he was so far restored as
to be ordered to the Wilmington station, and at-
tached to the cutter Forward. In January, 1854,
he was dispatched, in command of the Forward,
in search of the survivors of the wreck of the
steamer San Francisco. From a report of that
cruise, made by Captain Bennett to the collector
of customs of the Delaware district, January 24,
1854, it appears that he was sent to sea with but
a third lieutenant; that this officer, though of un-
exceptionable character, was too inexperienced to
be left in charge of the deck during such severe
weather as was encountered, and that nearly one
half of the crew were disabled and sick the greater
part of the time. Thus it became necessary that
Captain Bennett should keep the deck during snow
and rain, and in so doing lie contracted a severe
cold, from which he never recovered. After his
return he had frequent hemorrhage of the lungs,
which rendered him incompetent to discharge the
duties of his office, and of which he died on the
15th of June, 1855. The physicians who attended
upon Captain Bennett during his last illness un-
hesitatingly ascribed the disease causing his death
to the exposures above stated.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move to strike these words
from the bill:
" And after her death or intermarriage, to be paid to her
children, until they, lespeetively, arrive at the age of sis-
teen years, agreeably to the provisions of the act of litii
August, 1848."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
his Private Secretary, James Buchanan.
MICHAEL HANSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 404) granting an invalid
pension to Michael Hanson.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Michael Hanson upon the roll
