1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
also true that, notwithstanding that, these can-
vassers, for some strange reason, never made this
determination.
When these votes were before the State can-
vassers, Mr. Williamson took preliminary meas-
ures to contest the seat, according to the law of
1851, and prepared his notice of contest; but when
this action of the State canvassers came to be
known, legal advice was taken on it, and Mr.
Williamson was advised that he could not avail
himself of the provisions of that law; could not
serve notice on Mr. Sickles, and bring him before
the authorities named in the statute, and obtain
the testimony of parties who would not volun-
tarily give their testimony in the case. He there-
fore abandoned his effort to proceed according to
the statute of 1851, and applied to Congress. He
presented his memorial here on the seventh day
after the House had organized; and at the first
meeting of the Committee of Elections he pre-
sented his application for leave to take testimony
according to the forms and usages prescribed by
committees of Congress before the passage of the
law of 1851.
I believe that I have stated the case of Mr. Wil-
liamson and of Mr. Sickles as it has been pre-
sented to the committee. The objections to giv-
ing the authority proposed in the resolution are
■.•namfold. Without cfesiring to prejudice at all
the case of the sitting member, I must say that,
if a man has a right to be heard at all in Congress
on such allegations as are contained in the memo-
rial of the contestant, and in the affidavit of his
attorney, I would not raise technical objections to
the form and manner in which the allegations arc
made. If allegations of fraud were laid at my
door, if I were charged with corrupting voters, or
stuffing ballot-boxes, I would not care in what
form the charge were made, or on what day it was
made, I would offer no objection to the fullest and
amplest and largest investigation that the power
of Congress could have made or could bring to
bear on my right so to hold my seat.
The minority of the committee, which was un-
able to agree with the majority in reporting the
resolution, have various objections to it, to which,
perhaps, it is proper to allude at this time. The first
of them is, that the certificate from the county can-
vassers, that the votes were cast for " member of
Congress," and not for " Representative in Con-
gress, "is a mere quibble, not worthy of the atten-
tion of the House foramoment; and in that I agree
with them. But they will permit me to say, that
while I think they have argued ably and well to
show how the State canvassers, ought to have de-
termined the case, they have notbeen so successful
in showing that the State canvassers have determ-
ined it, while they expressly say, in so many words,
that they will notdetermine it. Such an argument
is like that of those who, when a judgment of court
is rendered against them, sit down and recount all
the facts and the law in the case, say that it is in-
comprehensible that a judge could have come to
such a judgment, and then jump to the conclusion
that the judge did not come to such a conclusion
at all, but that he came to the conclusion which
they think he ought to hove come to. Now, I
agree with them. I should be—'I do not know that
it would be respectful to the authorities of New
York to say it—but I should be almostashamedto
put my name to any such sort of statement, and
then say I could not determine. But it is just as
true that they have not detarmined, because they
say they have not. They refused to give a cer-
tificate or to determine it; and the first determina-
tion that Mr. Sickles had a prima facie right to
the seat was the action of this House when they
permitted him to take the oath of office, and to be
qualified as a member. The House is presumed
to have looked at that paper and that statement,
and to have come to the conclusion that it showed
him to have a prima facie title to the seat; and that
was the first determination of any body of men
that he had any more right to that seat than I had;
and that was but seven days before this memorial
was presented. That is the first objection raised
by the minority of the committee.
The second objection is this: that suppose Mr.
Williamson was correct in his first conclusion,
and that the advice of his counsel was correct; in
the first place, that he could not bring himself
within that law: yet he acquiesced for fifteen
months—he has let the matter sleep for fifteen
months. Now, if there was any reason at allfor
acquiescing at first, that reason continued up to
the time that this House was organized. If there
was no determination in the beginning, the determ-
ination did not grow like a crop of corn. The
determination lacked existence justas much when
Mr. Sickles and Mr. Williamson came here as it
did when these State canvassers refused to make
it; so that the waiting for fifteen, months was a
necessity, and was compelled, not by any act of
his own, but by the course which the State can-
vassers brought upon him, and the position in
which they put him in relation to the law.
But the minority say further, that Mr. William1
son, by permitting Mr. Sickles to be sworn iu
here without objection, is estopped from raising
the question now. Because Mr. Williamson did
not happen to be here in time, did not happen to
be insiae these walls when we were visited with
that sudden dispensation of Providence—the elec-
tion of a Speaker—why, therefore, he is estopped!
Why, sir, Lord Coke says an estoppel is the stop-
ping a man from telling the truth;and ho declares
it to be very odious. But still, our friends here
are disposed to avail themselves of the fact that
Mr. Williamson did not object at that time, and
to pronounce him estopped. They say, further,
that no other member objected; as if the. right of
the people of the third congressional district of
New York to be represented according to their
own choice was to depend upon wh# outer mem-
bers here did, or upon the chance of Mr. William-
son being able to get here and claim the seat as
soon as Mr. Sickles did. They propose, if I un-
derstand this argument aright, to reducc the con-
testing of a seat hero to a race between two men,
to see which will get into it first; and the man who
gets into it first may say to the other, " You are
estopped because you did not say as soon as I did
that you are the true member; if I get here and
take the seat and the oath of officc without your
being here to claim it, you are estopped."
The next point made by the minority of the
committee is, that since Mr. Sickles has come here
and taken the seat, Mr. Williamson has permitted
him to rest in the seat so long a time as—I do not
know that they say exactly to estop him; but that,
by some process, or other like adverse possession,
Mr. Sickles has the best right to the seat, and this
man should be estopped from contesting it. That
is to say, that the man claiming to have been duly
elected, and who may have been elected to the seat,
if he permits another to occupy it thus long, loses
it by adverse possession. Well, let us see how
long Mr. Sickles has been permitted to occupy
the seat. This House was organized on the 2d
day of February, and this memorial was pre-
sented on the 9th day of February. Seven days
—six working days and a Sabbath—had been the
whole adverse possession of this seat which Mr.
Sickles enjoys, before this memorial was pre-
sented.
There is one other objection, and it is this: thry
say that this Houso has not power to travel out
of the statute of 1851, and prescribe another rule.
They have come to the conclusion that the Con-
gress of 1851 had power to prescribe to this House
just how far, just when, and before what tribunal,
all evidence of the right to our scats should be
taken, and then leave us perfectly free to pass
upon what that Congress had prescribed as the
means of judging. Now, I have only to say that,
had that been suggested in the Congress of 1851,
as I gather fiom the debates of that Congress, the
law itself never would have passed. It cannot be
true that a man has   right to judge, or can be
called upon to judge, who has not also the means
and the right to investigate, and'to investigate
when and how he pleases. How the gentlemen
of the minority could have come to that conclu-
sion, I do not know; for, during the last Congress,
in a contested case from Nebraska, the committee
came unanimously to a contrary conclusion. In
that case, the contestant had in all things con-
formed to the law of 1851; had served his notice
upon the sitting member; and, after the notice had
been served upon the sitting member, the sitting
member took his family and left the Territory,
and went off into the State of Pennsylvania, and
stayed there until the session of Congress com-
menced—abandoning the contest to the contestant
from the beginning to the end. The Committee
of Elections, in that case, were unanimously of
the opinion that the contestant had conformed to
the law. The sitting member had left the Terri-
tory, and kept out of it from the day the notice
of contest waa served upon him until Congress
came into session; and yet.he eame before the
committee and asked that they "would report to
the House a resolution to give him time after that
to take testimony , and the committee unanimously-
determined to give him time to take-testimony,
and sent the matter over to the short session.
They put it precisely upon the ground, and upon
no other ground, that the sitting member had made
affidavit that he had acted in good faith, and had
mistaken the law.
Now, sir, suppose this contestant had mistaken
the law; suppose that the legal counsel whom he
employed was mistaken in the law, yet, sirs, the
law of 1851 expressly provides that the House
may, in its discretion, give time to obtain supple-
mental testimony. Under that provision of the
law of 1851, the Committee of Elections came to
the conclusion, under the circumstances of this
case, believing as they did that this man acted in
good faith—resorted to all the methods which he
believed were in his power—to report the resolu-
tion which we have done, that he should have time
to support the serious allegations in his petition,
supported as they are by the affidavit of his attor-
ney that he knew the men who used the money
to obtain illegal votes; and that he believed he
could prove the allegations made in the petition,
if he could have an opportunity.
The committee took into consideration the feet
that this delay was not asked by the sitting mem-
ber, who would thus, in asking time to take testi-
mony and prepare his case, gain time, and thus,
it may be, prolong his right to sit here; but the
delay is asked for by the outside contestant, under
circumstances which could impose no additional
burden upon the sitting memoer; because, if it
imposed upon him now the necessity of leaving
his duties here in Congress to go to New York
to take testimony, it would have imposed upon
him the same necessity to leave his seat in the
House during a session of Congress, in like man-
ner, had the testimony been taken within tftfe
ninety days proscribed in the law of 1851. It
therefore imposes no additional burden upon
him. And, sir, if there is more difficulty in sus-
taining allegations of the serious character pre-
sented in this memorial on account of the lapse of
time, the fading of memory in reference to the
events in question, or the absence of the witnesses,
the difficulty rests not upon the sitting member,
but upon the contestant; because the sitting mem-
ber has had the adjudication of this House that
he is prima fade entitled to his seat, and, until the
contestant can make good his allegations, will
continue to occupy it.
Then, sir, anxious as the Committee of Elec-
tions were to establish the rule that as many of
these cases as possible should be prepared before
the meeting of Congress, in order to hasten their '
adjudication and to determine whether tho elect-
ors of the several congressional districts contested
were rightly represented on this floor or not, they
could not, under these circumstances, involving
no difficulty, no hardship on" the part of the sitting
member, beyond what would liave been if tho
scat had been contested within the ninety days
specified in the law of 1851; they could not say
they would close the doors against this contestant
and refuse to hear the testimony by which, he al-
leges in his memorial, supported by the affidavit
of his attorney, he can make good his charges,
provided ho can have the process of law to bring
unwilling witnesses into court and compel them
to testify under the legal sanction of an oath.
Sir, I do not desire, without good reason, to
depart from the rule laid down m the act of 1851.
But I find, upon an examination of the cases,
transpiring since the passage of that law, that
all committees have been governed by the same
rule; and that is, to recommend a departure from
tho requirements of that statute, so far as the
taking of testimony within sixty days is con-
cerned, whenever, in their judgment, the merits of
the case cannot be fully presented without.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said by the sitting mem-
ber, m his brief, which is contained in this report
and is embodied in the statement presented by the
minority of the committee, that, laying aside the
requirements of the law of 1851, still it was his
duty to have served the sitting member with no-
tice of his intention to contest, within a reason-
able time, so as to have given him an opportunity
