1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dim
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, leave will be granted to the Senator to
■withdraw his vote.
Leave was granted.
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays 28;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Claik, Doolittlc, Durkec, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Hamlin, King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—rMessrs. Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Chesnut, Critten-
den, Davis, Fitch, I^itzpatnck, tiwm, Hammond, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mallorv, Nicholson, I'caree, Polk, Powcil,
Rice, Sebastian, Siidell, Toomb«, Wigfall, and Yulee—28.
So the amendment of Mr. King was rejected;
and the question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Seidell.
Mr. IIAMLIN. There is a modification which
should be made in that amendment. It should
except the Post Office blanks.
Mr. SLIDELL. I acceptthat modification.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 ask that the amendment
be read, as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strike out all of the amendment of the House after the
word '• that,5' wheie it lirstocciu^, and insert:
The prices of the public printing tor th<  two Houses of
Congress, and for the Executive Departments, except the
Post Office blanks, now piovided for by contract, during the
present Congress, shall lie tu out)-five per centum less than
the price* now allowed by law.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator from Louisiana, and other Senators,
to the probable effect of this amendment, w^fch
is right in principle but wrong in detail. ^The
Printers have drawn much of their money. There
is no provision here for compelling them to refund
or for withholding, from the bills they will present
hereafter, the amount which this would reduce
upon the bills which have been paid. There
should be something more of detail and some-
thing more of certainty about it, and not have this
blow struck in the dark, similar to the one we
struck in relation to the Post Office blanks, with-
out knowing its effect hereafter. I presume the 1
Senator from Louisiana will have no objection to j
moving, in lieu of his amendment, the details of !
the joint resolution, which we have just had up, j
reducing the price twenty-five per cent. That j
points out the manner in which the money is to
be withheld on settlement of Printers' bills. I
shall vote for it as it is; but I warn Senators
that it will involve us in no little controversy and
trouble, if it becomes the law.
The amendment of Mr. Slidell was agreed to;
and the House amendment to the Senate amend-
ment, as thus amended, was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the
Senate, to which the House of Representatives
had made an amendment, being the tenth amend-
ment of the Senate. The amendment of the Sen-
ate was:
To enable the Secretary of the Intciior to carry into
effect the act appiovcd the 3Gth of May, I860, ct eating an
additional land district m Washington Territory, $8,000.
The House amendment was to add to it;
Provided, That the -aid sum shall bo paid out of the pro-
ceeds of the sale ot land in the said district, ami not other-
wise.
The House amendment was concurred in.
The Secretory read the twenty-sixth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows;
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of Wai be,
and he is hereby* authoiized to pay, out ot the unexpended
balance of the appropriation for the war debt of the State
of California, made by the last section of the act approved
August 5, 18.">4. entitled " An act making appropriation for
the support of the Aimv lor the year ending the 30th of
June, 18^5,'' any outstanding and unpaid bonds and cou-
pons issued by said Stare for .-aid war debt prior to the pas-
sage of said act, but beating date subsequent to the 1st day
of January, 1854 : Provided, That no paymontshall be made
beyond the unexpended amount of said appropriation now
remaining in the Trcasuiy.
The House amendment was to add, at the end
of this Senate amendment:
And also that there be paid, out of any monev in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $22,000,
or so much thcicof as may be icquired, for extra compen-
sation and salaries to thedistuct judges of California under
the piovisions of the seventh section of the act entitled
"An act to define and regulate the •jmisdlctkm ol the dis-
trict courts of the United States in California, in regard to
the suivey and location of confirmed private land claims."
approved June, I860.
Mr. HUNTER. Wc had better concur in that.
We put the same provision in the nayal bill, yes-
terday evening.
The House amendment to the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
has now read all the amendments of the Senate
which the House of Representatives have amend-
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move that the Senate
insist on their amendments to which the House
has disagreed, and ask for a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Hun-
ter, Latiiam, and Wilson, were appointed con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move now to take lip tho
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; nnd the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the action of the House of
Representatives upon the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 501) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments to which the House has dis-
agieed, non-concur in the amendments of the
House to the Senate amendments, and ask for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
Mr. FITCH. Before the vote is taken upon
that motion, I wish the Senate to concur in the
House amendment to the thirty-eighth Senate
amendment, which the Clerk can read.
Mr. TOOMBfcJ. The Senator can have a sep-
arate vote on that if he wishes. I am willing to
allow a separate vote on any amendment that any
Senator may indicate.
Mr. FITCH. This amendment of the House
fixes the aggregate cost of the State Papers at
$340,000. That is the or igimt! restriction which !
the Senator from Maine and the Senator from
Georgia thought was repealed by our amendment.
I did not think so, but this repetition of the re-
striction can do no harm.
Mr. TOOMBS. If that is it, I am in favor of it.
The Secretary read the House amendment to
the thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate, which
was to add to it;
Provided, That the whole amount expended in the pub-
lication of these volumes, shall not exceed $310,000.
Mr. FITCH. That is tho original restriction.
The amendment of the House to the Senate
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is another amendment
*pon which I ask the Senate to vote, and 1 move
a concurrence with the House. It is the House
amendment to the Senate amendment which was
reported by the Committee on Finance, I think,
appropriating #500,000 to continue the Treasury
buil&ng. The House have agreed to so much of
the amendment as pays for what is already due,
and makes an appi opriation of $350,000 prospect-
ively. f think wc had better close it up with that.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the better way
would be to read each amendment of the Senate
which the House has amended. Wc ought to
know what amendments the House has made. ]
There may not be more than two or three. I do
not know how many there arc.
The Secretary read the third amendment of the
Senate, which was to insert:
For tho extension of the Treasury building, $335,263 71;
and to pay toi the mateiia.'s aheadydeiivoted and to be u«ed
m the coiVtiuctionot said extension, 816-1,736 29, making
§500.000. b
The amendment of the House is, to strike out
all of the Senate amendment, and insert in lieu of it:
For tho extension of the Tieasnrv building, $-350,000.
The House amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I should like to
know if theic are any other amendments which
have been amended by the House; and if so, I
should like to hoar them.
Mr. TOOMBS. They can be read before the
vote is taken on my motion, and the Senator can
except anyone on which he wants a separate
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Illinois call for the reading of the amend-
ments?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only those that the House
has amended. I want to know what are the
amendments of the House to our amendments.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
Senate, to which the House had made an amend-
ment. The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out of the bill the claflse:
" For preserving the unfinished work upon the Charles-
ton custom-house, $5,000."
And to insert in lieu of it:
To pay for marble already delivered at the Charleston
custom-liouse, to be used in continuing the work on that
building, §15,000; and for continuing the construction of
that building, $135,000; making $150,000. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is directod to report to Congress, in
Ins next annual reporton the finances,the amountof further
appiopriations that may be required to finish respectively
this custom-house, and the one at New Orleans, and the
time necessary to complete the same; and whether any
changes can be made consistently with the purposes for
winch the building is intended which will reduce the cost
of completion.
The House amendment is to substitute for the
Senate amendment the following clause:
For pieservins the unfinished work upon the Charleston
custom-house, §5,000 ; and to pay for the marble already
delivered at the Charleston custom-hou^e, to be used in
continuing the work on that building, £15,000. And the
Secretary of the Treasuiyis directed to repot t to Congress,
in bis next annual report on the fmanecs, the amount of
further appi opriations that may be requited to finish respect-
ively this custom-house, and the one at New Orleans, and
the time necessary to complete the same ; and whether any
changes can be made consistently with the purposes lor
wluch the building is intended which will reduce the cost "
of completion; and, in the mean time, no further materials
shall be delivered for the said custom-houses.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to non-concur in that
amendment of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ilihope not. I think it is
a judicious reduction. ^
Mr. TOOMBS. We argued the whole ques-
tion, and decided this very point before. I see no
reason for going into the suoject again, unlessnew
light can be thrown upon it. I suggest that, in-
asmuch as the question has been fully discussed
in the Senate, the Senator from Illinois allow the
vote to be taken, unless he has some new argu-
ments to present. I suppose the vote will be as
before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not take any time
about it. The character of the amendment is
somewhat changed. The House originally pro-
posed to appropriate §5,000 to take care of the
building. Now they have made an appropriation
to pay for what marble has been delivered—some
fifteen thousand dollars, if I heard the amendment
read correctly—and they have also added a pro-
vision requiring the proper Department to report
what can be done hereafter.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is in the original.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Noun the House original.
"We put that on in the Senate. They have per-
haps altered the phraseology somewhat; but it is
substantially in that respect the same provision
as we made. I think we had better take it as the
House have adopted it. I am willing to have the
vote taken; I do not want to occupy lime.
The House amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the second amendment of
the Senate, which was to strike out the clause:
"For preserving the unfinished work upon the New
Orleans custom-house, «$.-5,000."
And to insert in lieu of it:
To pay for marble already delivered at the New Orleans
custom-house, to be used in continuing the work on that
building, §25,000, and for continuing the construction of
that building, $280,000, making $305,000.
The House amendment is to strike out all ot
the Senate amendment, and substitute for it:
Foi preserving the unfinished work upon the New Or-
leans custom-house,§5,000, and to pay tor marble already
delivered at the New Oilcans custom- hou«<\ to !>e used m
continuing the woik on that building, .$25,000, and in tin?
meantime no further material shall be dehveied lor the said
custom-house.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that we non-concur
in that amendment.
Tho House amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the sixth amendment of tho
Senate, which was to insert:
For the prosecution of the work on tho Capital exten-
sion, during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1801,
the sum of $300,000.
The amendment of the House is to add to it:
Provided, That none of the money hereby appropriated
shall be expended in the decoiation and embellishment of
tlie Capitol extension by sculpture or painting, or other
works of illustrated ait, unless the design-* for the >ame
shall have been approved by the art commission, ap-
pointed by the President Mayij, i<?59, in pmsuancc of acts
of Congress of June 12,1858, and March 3,1859; but this
proviso shall not be so constiuud as to interfere with the
