1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
m
are not deserving of the same fate with " Old John
Brown
Mr. FOUKE. That has nothing to do with the
matter. I say this to the gentleman: that I hold
peculiar views in regard to filibustering,which it
is not now the time to express. [Laughter on the
Republican side.] Well, I "will say this, and settle
the matter at once: that I am utterly opposed to
it. Now, I ask my colleague if he indorses the
sentiments of the extracts which have been read?
Repudiate John Wentworth, or indorse him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is not
in a very good condition to ask me questions,
when he absolutely evades answering mine. 1
will, however, answer him. In so far as the Chi-
^ayo Democrat runs a parallel between southern
filhhusiers, slave-trade pirates, and John Brown,
declaring them equally guilty with him, and de-
serving of his fate, I indorse il. In so far as it
indorses—and I do not know that it does so—
the act of John Brown in hid Incursion into Vir-
ginia, I do notmdoiso it. Is that an answer?
Mr. FOUKE. If it is satisfactory to you, it
will answer
Mr. FA UNS WORTII. Now, will you an-
swer whether you do not concur with Wentworth,
that southern slave-tivule pirates and filibusters
aiv deserving of the fate of John Brown ?
Mr. FOUKE. I am for abiding by the laws
of the land, and in favor of punishing pirates and
everybody else who violates them, North, South,
East, and West. I stand by the Constitution and
the laws of the land.
I now ask my talented young friend [Mr. Lo-
cam] to read the following resolutions:
Acsv?i:lJJ That it it> the deliberate opinion of this meet-
it)'? fhu' no -.hive c:in be -aid to owe service to hi* matter.
v*Jicohcd, That v.i will not ;nd m «uie-.nti£ a lugitivc
slave lor the etupose of letmnm^ htm 10 Iu* nubtei onr-
t civo •. urd will not approve the ;vi w h n done by otheis
Mr FARNSWORTH. Those isolations, if
I understand my colleague , were adopted in 185-1.
Ther-" was no Republican pavty in the United
States in ]8,>4 It had not then been organized.
Mr FOUKE. Immediately after the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the Republican
party sprung into existence; but it did not then
exhibit that raw head and bloody bones, and that
bold front of incendiarism which is how exhibited
by fhat party to the whole country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. At the time those res-
olutions were adopted, in 1654, there were four
candidates for Congress in the second congres-
sional district of Illinois. One of those candulntes
was John B. Turner, who was the Kansas-Ne-
braska candidate of Senator Dougiap; another
was Mr. Mayo, who was the candidate of John
Wentworth and other Democrats who were op-
posed to the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
and then there was Mr. Biackwell, the Whip
candidate, who resided in Chicago; and the Fiee-
Sre.i candidate, Mr. Woodworth, who was my
predecessor on this floor.
Mr. FOTKK. I know something about this
matter. I know the eighth eongressional di'Uiiet
of ljbnoi^, which 1 have tlv honor to represent
upon this floor, cast a majority of two thousand
six hundred and twelve votes j^amst mem 1^54,
m my cam ass for Congress. An honorable
ator, who sits in the other end of the Capitol,
[Air. Tiicmdull,] was my competitor. He de-
feated me upon that issue. The Vcmdals come
down upon us, and reveled in our father's hnlls:
but only ten a short period. Since then we ha', c
r.ilN d, .md, thank God, in that section w< hove
driven them hence, end hope never to rt " them
b,ick agom.
Now, I ask my friend if he repudiates the s,>n-
trnvni i expressed m the resolutions 1 have read?
He d"chne.. to answer
Mr. FAR.N8WORTH. Mr. Clrrk, I do not
decline to answ I lmv answefd every ques-
tion ])ut to me. I did not hear the resolutions
lead, but mv impression • that { clo approve
th< m.
Air. LOGAN ao-^in read the first resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 agree to that.
Mr. LOGAN, (reading:)
i'flc:GlvC(Ji That it j-; the dehbetaie opinion of tin-; meet
iiic> that no slave can be &aid to owe heiviee to hi-i
Mr. FOUKE. Does he indorse that1
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I indorse that. 1
do not see how a slave can hoid the relation of a
debtor.
Mr. LOGAN, (reading:)
"Resolved, That we will not aid in arresting a fugitive
slave tot the prnposc of leturnmg him to his master our-
selves, and will not approve the act when done by others."
Do you indorse that?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I stated that yester-
day.
Mr. FOUKE. I charged these things on the
Republican party on the stump last year. My
competitor, a most talented and eloquent gentle-
man, would get up while T was putting* these
things to the people of my district, and deny that
they were his sentiments. But I answered him
by saying that I would not permit him to deny
it', for the reason that they could be proved by
the rccords of the State, and therefore his denial
would avail him nothing.
I will now ask my colleague [Mr. Logan] to
read the platform on which my colleague 'a prede-
cessor waselcctcd to Congress?
Mr. LOGAN read, as follows:
Resolved, That the times imperatively demand the re-
organization of parties and the lcpudiatimj of all picvioua
paity attachments, name*, and predilection^; we unite
ourselves together in dcier.se of the liberty and the Consti-
tution of the country, and wdl heieatkv coopeiate an the
"Republican party, pledged to the aeeomplis-lunent of the
followira; puiposes: To bring the adinini&tiation of the
Government back to the oonhol of the first principles; to
restore Kansas and Nebraska to the position of free Terii-
torics; that as the ConMitutionor the United States rests
in the States and net m (Jongics.-Mhe power to legislate ibt
the extinditionoffugitivesfiom labor; toiepealand entirely
abrogate the lugitive slave law; to restrict slaveiy to those
States in which it e.xi.-ts; to prohibit tlic admission of any
moie slave ^tatea into the Union; to abolish slavery in the
Di>triet of Columbia; to exclude slavery from all the ter-
ritones over winch the Gcneud Government has exclusive
jmisihcjion; and to re.-ist the acquitment of anymore
ton-ironed, utilops the piaetice of slavery therein Joiever
bhallha\e been prohibited.''
Mr. FOUKE. I have no desire of catechising
the gentleman; but I state the fact that the plat-
form which has just been road was adopted in
every congressional district in northern Illinois—
in the first, second, third, and fourth districts.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If my colleague
has the platform adopted in the fourth congres-
sional district, I prefer that he should read it. My
recollection is not clear on if, but I do not think
it is of that character.
Mr. FOUKE. That platform was adopted ot
Aurora, at Frccport, at Ottawa, and at Blooming-
ton, in J854, and has since been indorsed from
time to time up to the present hour.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The points men-
tioned are not in my district.
Mr. FOUKE. Well, 1 cannot help thnt: but
I imagine that your people hn\e entertained the
same sentiments precisely
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Hal ha!
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
that the platform was adopted in Bloonnngton, m
1854. What convention was held in Blooming-
ton, in 1854?
Mr. FOUKE. 1 mean the State convention,
m 38aG.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In 1856 they made no
such pletiorm.
Mr. FOUKE. They indorsed the some thing.
; The precise locality cuts no figure in the case.
| Mr. FARNSWORTIT. No, sir.
\ Mr FOUKE. However, i will not quarrel
: with the gentleman lor that. The gentleman in-
! dorses and his colleagues [Messrs. Lowboy,
i WAsiicrnxE, and KclloggI indorse, T presume,
i the same thing I presume they olso indorse his
; --.'il!iments in regard to the fugitive slave law.
, jSow, Mr. Cl'-i k, W'-'er.•   peaking of JohnBrown
' end John W ent worth, end men of that class. John
; Brown js dead. Tin1 cold blasts of the north smg
■ their silent requiems around his dishonored gra\e
: without an answer. J3ut, sir, his acts live; and
: it is whh those who nulorse his acts thatwe have
: now to deal As a citizen of a free State, where
I the peoph- are m no dangi r fiom invasions of that
' chamcter. 1 de;.jj c to ti i-attlus mat'eras it deserves,
! and to pionourco my opmioji on John Brown and
his e.^sociates. and t<> show to the world that we
■ of Illinois not only do not indorse his conduct,
, but are ready to denounce those who do. Because
I John Brown is dead, ai e our lips to be sealed against
Ins act^1 By no means. Why, he was steeped
ni u-mie deeper them o lino.-1 anyof those that have
disgiaci d the annals of our < ;iminal code. Search
the darkest ^averns c f lie- earth; its seciet <aves
and detr?; its various haunts of < rime and degra-
dation. drag f Hh to light tin- most disgusting
specimen of vileness and imptmty that can be
found, and you will lind that it will appear lovely
by the side of a man who has been a renegade in
politics, an apostate in religion, a hypocrite in
morals, and an enemy to the human race.
I now, sir, ask the clerk to read the letter which
I send up, in order to show the character of John
Brown, whose principles were those of the -Re-
publican party of the JNortli, of whom they have
made a martyr, and whom they have canonized
in their hearts.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Westport, Missouri, Jhtgusi 13,1856.
This is to certify, that on Wednesday, the thirteenth day
of this month, my house was attacked by a baud of armed
AboIitiouivst&, who demanded of us to surrender, to-which
I replied, "Leave here, or we shall fire on you." They
said," If you do, we will kill the last one of you." I directed
the boy to tire on them. The captain ordered.his company
to closc up to the hoiwj. They wore all within forty feet
of the hou^c, at which time \vc fired on thein. They im-
mediately drew off, «md went to my stable and opened afire
on my house, which lasted for severol minutes. They then
drew oft', literally tilling the side of my house with balls.
At the time of the attack there was in thehouse eight men,
six women, and thirteen children. None of us were'hurt.
Blood was discovered in the yard and on the trail where
they went off. They took seven head of our horses, the
wealing apparel and best bedding of one of my sons, and
doublc-bairel shot gun iiom another. The pioperty they
took from us was worth S'1-.OOO. We are damaged some
several thousand dollars. All this hellish malice was vented
against us because we were law-and-order men, for the
Constitution and the T'nion, and because we took an active
part in trying to arrest John Brown and his murdering clan.
We lived in Lykins county, near the oldPeona mission,
Kansas Territory. They are stealing horses from the pro-
slavery and law-and-order men; and I was told by an Abo-
litionist that they intended to Kill and drive all the pro-
slavery and law-and-order men out of the Territory. Our
famdies have left and arc in the State. There are a great
many leaving. MABTIN WHITE.
Subreiibed and sworn to before me, this the 16th day
of August. A. I). 1856.
THOMAS J. GOFORTII,
Justice of ikepeaccin and for Jackson county, Mv&ow i.
Mr. FOUKE. Now, I desire to state that Mar-
tin While was a citizen of my own State, and
that ho was not a pro-slavery man. But I want
to show that John Brown aud his gang were aset
of marauders who preyed upon all "those from
whom he could plunder, lie (White) wasa citi-
zen of Christian county, in the district of my col-
league, [Mr. McOllrnand.] He was a man of
known veracity and integrity. This is but one
of a hundred outrages of which this marauding
party, headed by the notorious John Brown, was
guilty; the report of the minority of the committee
appointed to investigate the affairs of Kansas,
shows the fact that John Brown had slaughtered
m cold blood more than one, two, or probably a
dozen citizens of Kansas.
My colleague [Mr. FarnswoiCth] arraigned
me and the other Democratic members from Illi-
nois, yesterday for voting for Mr. Bocock. I
will state that so far as our conduct is concerned it
isnotonlyjustifiedby the merits of Mr. Bocock,
our nominee for Speaker, but by the demerits of
the Republican nominee for the same office. Wo
have voted for Mr. Bocock, and we rocogruzn
him as a good Democrat, a man of talents, and a
gentleman well qualified to grace the Speaker's
ehair: but we do not say that we are agreed with
Air. Bocock in everything.
And who is Mr. Sherman, the. Republican nom-
inee ? When he was sent to Kansas to investi-
gate those matters, and when o case of murder,
which had been committed by John Brown, came
up, he refused to receive the testimony,upon the
technical ground that the murder was committed
after the committee was appointed. This shows
that their candidate for Speaker is a strict parti-
san, and would avail himself of every technicality
in order to advance the interests of his party,
even at the cost of blood and treasure.
And then, sir, the ruckless manner in which he
and others of the Republican party signed this
notorious Helper book, must carry conviction
to every disinterested and impartial man in the
country, that that party is not only a party of one
idea, but that they are reckless enough to seize
upon anything that may be presented, for the
purpose of advancing their interests. - ,
Now, the very fact that sixty-odd members of
Congress, holding seats upon this floor, signed a
book about which they knew nothing, shows a
recklessness on their part of truth and justice
that, to say the least, ought to be reprobated by
every thinking man in the community. Men
