1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
usual proceedings taken by contestants under the
act of 1851, or under rules established or practiced
upon previous to the passage of that act. And
however much our friends may be astonished at
the action of this board of canvassers in New
"Vork refusing to give a certificate, because the
clerk certified that the sitting member had a ma-
jority or plurality as member of Congress, yet it
is shown that the election was held on the righ£
day and at the right place, as required and estab-
lished by law, for Representatives in Congress,
and that board could not see that the contestee
was entitled to a certificate of election. It is for
us to determine whether the result of^hat election
was declared by what was done. The board of
canvassers declared the result of the voting. If
it did, then the contestant ought to be held to the
rules prescribed by the act of 1851, unless he can
show some very extraordinary reason why he
should be permitted to depart from them, which
he has not done.
But even suppose there is error in this. Before
the act of 1851, Congress had established certain
rules to be obligatory upon parties in contested-
election cases; and the act of 1851 hut substan-
tially embodied the usages which had been prac-
ticed by Congress anterior to that time. Itmerely
reduced into statutory form what had become set-
tled by precedent by the Congresses anterior to
that. And what were they ? Why, in substance,
that the party who determined to contest the seat
of the person receiving the majority or plurality
of votes, shall give him reasonable notice of his
determination to contest the seat, and also to spe-
cify upon what ground he intends to contest it.
Now, it only requires a little reflection to see the
good sense of the rule. It would never do to allow
one candidate to keep to himself for fifteen months
the knowledge of the ground upon which he in-
tended to contest his opponent's seat.
The contestee is entitled in all fairness to rea-
sonable notice of the contest, and of the ground
upon which the contest is founded. He who has
.the certificate has the prima facie right to the scat,
and if it be afterwards ascertained within a rea-
sonable time that such a fraud has been commit-
ted as to nullify the election, the party should
have reasonable time to inquire into the facts, and
defend himself by controverting the facts, or by
showing that counter frauds were committed, and
illegal votes given. But to permit a party to rest
upon his oars, without giving any notice, formal
or informal, from November, 1858 to February,
18G0, and to say that the case falls within the
usages of the Congress of the United States or of
Parliament, or of any other legislative body, is
preposterous, and I challange any man to show
that it does. There cannot be found such a pre-
cedent either m this country or England. Why,
sir, the contestant know that Mr. Sickles was go-
ing to claim his seat, and he admits it. It is so
stated in the report of the majority. It is stated
that he had seen counsel shortly after the election,
and yet, from November, 1858, up to 9th Febiu-
ary, 1860, he makes no movement m the case, and
gives no notice.
I repeat, he made no move whatever in the case
up to February, 1860. In addition to the notice
given him, by the publication of this certificate in
the papers of New York, as required by the law
of that State, the very findings and dedanngs of
the board, as already read, were spread on the
records in Albany. Further, he waits till the
meeting of Congress. Not only so. He saw the
silting- member coming here and voting on the
question of Speaker from the first week m Decem-
ber till the first week in February; saw him rec-
ognized here as the sitting member; and never
sent him, during those sixty days, a letter or a
notice of any kind, oral or written, of his inten-
tion to contest the right of Mr. Sickles to a seat
in the House. He files or makes no objection to
his being sworn in.
If the case did not fall within the act of 1851,
it certainly fell within the usages that prevailed
befoic the passage of that act. Is it pretended
that the contestant ever attempted to conform, in
any decree, to the usages established anterior to
the act of 1851? Was not the certificate, which
was spread on the lecords at Albany, and which
was published in the papers of New York, enough
to put the contestant under notice ? Was not the
fact that the sitting member <*ame here and voted
from December to February sufficient ground to
put him under notice?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I promised to be brief. I
do not pretend to say that there might not ex-
ist some circumstances under which this House
might feel bound to disregard the provisions of
the law of 1851, and the usages established ante-
rior to that time. The House might be induced
to move in behalf of an extraordinary commis-
sion in favor of disfranchised citizens. Every
voter in every congressional district in the United
States has a right to come before Congress and
show that his districted been unfairly dealt with,
and that the persontholdinsj the certificate had, in
truth and in fact, obtained it by fraud, corruption,
force, orsomc malpractice. A citizen might make
such a showing at any time as to induce the
House to send a commission to inquire into the
facts, in behalf of the country and for the purity
of the elective franchise. But is this such a case
as that? Docs any citizen here complain ? Do we
hear anything from any person in the district, ex-
cept from the man who wasdefeatcdm the election,
and from his attorney? Do we hear a murmur
from a solitary citizen of the city of New York?
Not a voter in that third district has ever been
heard to complain of the manner in which the elec-
tion was conducted, except from the man who
stands atleastm the questionable position of hav-
ing a self-interest in the matter, and from his at-
torney.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire simply to call the
attention of the House to the affidavit of the con-
testant's attorney. I desire to have it read, and
I ask the attention of the House to every word
and line of it. I ask gentlemen on all sides of the
House to tell me, when they hear it, what it-
proves? It proves nothing in -the world, cxcept
hearsay—except what was heard from some par-
ties who confess to have been particeps criminis
in the election.
The affidavit is as follows:
City and county of New Yg rh > ss.*
Alfred Wofntire, of said city. being duly sworn, says that
he was emplojed by Amoi J? Williamson, shonly alter the
concie^iondl election hold m the folate ol New Yoik. m the
month of Novernbei, ISoS, ;it which election t aul William-
son was a candidate tor the office of Repre^entaiivo in Con-
gioss from the third concessional di>triot of the State of
New York, as his attorney and counscl to take feueh m< <*->-
tues, and obtain Mich pi oof-*, as would enable *aid Wil-
liamson to establish his election as Representative in Con-
gress fiom KUd district.
That in consequence of the omission of the bout d of State
eanvasseis to determine and d'-cfaie who, if any one, was
elected to such office m the said district, at the taid elec-
tion, the said Wilham-on was unable to give the notice and
ptoeced to lake the testimony in the manner prescribed by
the act of 1851; and that lie therefore had no way to compel
the attendance of witnesses, or of securing their testimony,
unless it could be obtained fiom them vojimtaiily.
That in pursuance of such employment, this deponent
lias seen and conversed with a great number of peis-ons,
icsidents ot the said distiitt, who took an active part in the
said election, atfd that he is informed by a number of per-
sona who weie active supporters of Daniel K. Sickles at the
said election, and who paitieipated in the fraudulent voting
for said Sickle?, that there were illegal votes cast foi said
Sickles to their knowledge, and that the aggregate number
of such illegal votes received by said Sickles, according to
the statement made by such persons to tin- deponent, will
exceed thiee hundred ; and deponent further says that from
information he has received fioin the paities themselves
who participated m such illegal voting, and ftom other
sources, the number of illegal votes leceived by said Siek-
lesat such elcetion would exceed tlnee hundred.
Deponent further says that he has been nifoimed by sev-
eral persons that said Sickles turnished them money to pay
persons for voting for him, who were not entitled to vote in
said district, and instiucted them to procurc such illegal
votes, and that he al-o furnished large sums of money to
other pen-on^ for a like pnipo<-e.
That he knows the p"i>>ous fiom whom he obtained such
infoimatton to have been ihe active supporteis and agents
ot said Sickle- m the canvas, and that they voluniauly
stated s=o him that the caul Sickles was not legallyelceted,
but thev declined to make any further statements, or to
make affidavits ot the statements made to deponent, on the
ground th.it it would implicate themselves or their friends,
and involve tiicm in difficulty.
Deponent further says that the said parties aie all m the
city of New York or vicinity, and that thoii attendance can
be secured before a committee of the House of Representa-
tive*, and that their te>tiniony would establish the fact that
at least three hundred illegal votes were  i\cn for said
Sickles at such election.
ALFRED McINTIRE.
Sworn befoie me this 22d day of November 1S50.
MATHIAS BANT A, Commissioner of Deeds.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to call
the attention of the honorable gentleman from
North Carolina to one statement made in the
affidavit of Mr. Mclntire, for the purpose of
hearing from him how the contestant could have
acted otherwise tiian as he did. Mr. Mclntire
says:
" That he, therefore, had no way to compel the attend-"
anee of witnesses, or of securing their testimony, unless it
could be obtained from them voluntarily."
I understand, Mr. Speaker, that the provisions
of the act of 1851 arc based upon certain action on
the part of the canvassers previously had. What
10 'cno},tr 's.> 'low witnesses could be com-
pelled to testify in the absence of that action1?
How could they have been brought before any
judicial tribunal, andcompclledfagainst their will,
to testify ? How, in case they had testified falsely,
could they have been punished? I should like to
know whether, in point of fact, that difficulty
docs not lie at the foundation of this case, and at
the foundation of any action which could have
been taken on the part of Mr. Williamson ?
Mr. GILMER. My friend has gone off here
without examining the force and effect of the very
statement that he calls my attention to. Had I
been the adviser of Mr. Williamson, at any day
after the 21st day Of December, 1858,1 should have'
told him to issue his notice and get his subpenas
from theofficers pointed outin the act of Congress;
and if theofficers had hesitated aboutgrantingthe
process, I would have sent to Albany, and I would
have got a certified copy of the record that was
made there, and before any sensible judge I would
have got the process; and if any corrupt judge
could not grant me the process, in a State where
we have honest jurors and judges, I would have
convicted him for corruption in his office.
Mr. ELIOT. The honorable gentleman does
not yet meet the point. How could Mr. William-
son have gone before any magistrate and laid a
foundation for a proccss ? Ho must have said that
certain action had been had; and the difficulty is,
that that action had not been had. How, then,
could he have proceeded? How could he have
taken the first step ?
Mr. GILMEIl. X have already shown how
he could have proceeded. All he would have to
do would be to show that declaration and that
finding, sot forth in the certificate of the canvass-
ers, already road, and that certificate he could
easily have got. It is begging this question.
There is nothing in it. When the county canvass-
ers declared, by their comparing or by their poll-
lists, that this man was elected Representative,
when they instructed the county clerk to send up
that result, and he sent it up precisely in con-
formity to law in every particular, except the
mere clerical error of " member of Congress" in-
stead of " Representative in Congress," which
made 110 sort of difference, when taken in connec-
tion with the other part of the certificate, showing
the character of the tickets used; and the State
canvassers declared, as their certificate shows, it
was a legal declaration of the results of that elec-
tion; and it is nothing but mere quibbling to
undertake to insist upon any other conclusion.
And, if the result was declared, the act of Con-
gress does not require you to wait until the ccr~
tifiratc. is furnished or refused. It is when the
result is made known that ttie party who is going
to contest is permitted, under the act of Congress,
to move to take his testimony. As I said before,
take a case in Georgia,North Carolina, or any of
our southern States. When the sheriffs of the
several counties come together to make up their
certificates, the party who is going to contestdocs
not wait until the Governor issues the certificate.
The officers who have the votes in charge ascer-
tain the number given to each by the poll-lists,
and publish the result of the vote; and when that
is done, the party wanting to contest is required,
under the act of 1851, to move according to the
provisions of that act.
Mr. CONKLING. With the permission of the
gentleman from North Carolina, I desire to ask
lnm one or two questions. I ask him first, which
board of canvassers he says was bound to make
the legal determination contemplated by that act?
His answer to that question will enable me to put
another.
Mr. GILMER. I should say that cither might
declare it, and that the first declaration would
stand, unless reversed by any other.
Mr. CONKLING. Either of which? I desire
to understand the gentleman.
Mr. GILMER. 1 think if it is declared by the
county canvassers, that is sufficient.
