2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
for $6,000, or thereabouts, being money retained
by him, on account of services rendered in the dis-
bursement of pensions; and he, notwithstanding
the uniform practice of allowing to other pension
agents (an office entirely distinct from thatof Navy
agent) a percentage on the disbursements made
by them, was debarred an offset to the judgment
in his claim for commissions for similar labor and
responsibility; and in order to satisfy the judg-
ment, it was necessary to sacrifice property to
which Mrs. Scott was entitled in her own right.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
SAMUEL A. WEST AND OTIIEKS.
An act (S. No, 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West,George McCullough,Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergast.
The bill, which was read, releases Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergast, from their liability on a
contract entered into with the United States on
the 17th of November, 1856, for the delivery of
stone at the navy-yard at Gosport, Virginia.
. No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope the committee will not
rise. "We hare done nothing on the Private Cal-
endar for more than a month.
Mr. MORSE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Tompkins
and Tiiomas were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 35, noes 83; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will call the roll
The roll was then called; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Piiet.ps reported that
the Committee of the Whole had had the Private
Calendar under consideration, and finding itself
withouta quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
and had directed him to report the names of the
absentees to the House.
The following are the names of the absentees;
Messrs. Green Adams, Adutin, Allen,Thomas L. Ander-
son, William O. Anderson, Ashley, ilabbitt, Jlaiksdale,
Barr, Barren, Bonham, Bouligny, iioyre, ISrabson, Bris
tow, Brown, Iltirhngamo, Burroughs Clemens, Clink B.
Cochrane, C'orwin, Covode, Davnfmi, Iieubcri D.ivh,
Dawes, i)e Jarnettc, Dinimick, Edgerton, Edmiindson,
Rly, English, Farnsworth, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Grow,
(Juiley, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Monisori darn*, John T.
Harris, Haskin, Hickman, (lindnian, Iluniphiev, Jackson,
Jones, Juukin, Francis \Y. KcHo™, William Ki'llo™,
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killingei, Lamlnim, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lefike, Lee, Maelay, Klbeit S. Maitin, MeCletnamlrMc-
Kean, McKumhl, MeRae, Mill's Miihvard, Lalian T.
Moore, Nixon, Oiin, I'almer, Pendleton, I'orlei, I'ryor,
I'UKil, Rejnolds, Rice, Clniijtopher liolimson, James C.
Kobinson, simms Singleton, William Smith, Spauldmg,
Stanton, Stevens, Stout, Stratum, Taj loi, Thasei, Thea-
ker, Train, Trimble, Valiandifjbain, Vance, Van Wjelt,
Verrec, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbuin, Wilson, and
Wood.
During the call of the roll,
- Mr. DUNN staled that Mr. Porter was en-
gaged upon the Judiciary Committee by leave of
the House.
Mr. PEYTON stated that Mr. Simms was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
A quorum of members having answered to their
names, tile committee resumed its session.
The question recurring upon the motion that
the committee rise, the tellers resumed their places;
and the committee having divided, the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty eight; noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and received a
message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, their
^ Chief Clerk, notifying the House that the Presi-
* dent had informed the Senate that he had approved
and signed an act to create an additional land dis-
trict in the Territory of Washington.
Also, an act to carry into effect a convention
between the United States and the Republic of
Paraguay.
Also, that the Senate had directed the printing
of several documents.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No.
43) for the relief of Solomon Wadsworth; and a
bill (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Peay &
AylitTe with an amendment.
The committee then resumed its session.
WILLIAM YOBK.
A bill (H. R. No. 440) for the relief of the heirs
of William York.
The bill was read.
Mr. &UARLES offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the money herein appropriated shall be
paid to the said heirs-at-law in person, or to such agent or
attorney as shail appear to the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury to be in nowise interested in the said claim,
or any part thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the re-
port.
•Mr. BURNETT. It is not worth while to con-
sume the time of the House by the reading of
these reports on those claims for revolutionary
pensions. I tell the committee that they must
pass a general law before they shall receive any
of these pensions while I am a member of this
House. I object to the bill.
NANCY WEEKS.
A bill (H. R. No. 441) for the relief of Nancy
Weeks, of Georgia.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Nancy Weeks, widow of Fran-
cis Weeks, deceased, on the pension roll, at the
rate of twenty dollars per month, under the act of
February 3, 1853, deducting such amount as slie
has already received as a pension under said act.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Francis Weeks was an ensign, and served as
much as two years in the Revolution. Under the
act of June 7, 1832, Weeks claimed as ensign for
same amount of service, but died before any relief
was granted to him under the act.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
ULNATHAN SEARS.
A bill (H. R.No. 449) for the relief of the chil-
dren of Elnathan Sears, an officer of the Revolu-
tion.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be placed upon the pension roll the name
of Elnathan Sears, deceased, late of New York, in
the war of the Revolution, under the act of Con-
gress, passed May 15, 1828, at the rate of $26 66f
per month, commencing on the 4th of March,
1826, and to continue to the death of Elnathan
Sears; and that the same be paid, after first de-
ducting what was paid him under the act ofMarch
15, 1828, as a sergeant, to the surviving children
of Elnathan Sears, deceased.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I offer the following amend-
ment:
I'rorith'd, That the money herein appropriated sliali be
paid to the said heirs m poison, or to such agent ot attorney
as shall appear to the accounting elliecrs of the Treasury
to be in no way interested in said claim or any part thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The report was then read.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the bill.
LIVINGSTON, IUNKUAD & CO.
Mr. CURRY. Some time since I objected to
Senate bill No. 69. At the request of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brigcs,] who feels
a special interest in it, I desire to withdraw my
objection, and let us have a vote upon it in the
House.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
Mr. THOMAS. It is nowthree o'clock, and I
move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
HOLMES & PEDRICK.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I objected
to a bill for the relief of Philip B. Holmes & Wil-
liam Pednck. At the solicitation of my colleague,
[Mr. Moore,] I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman" from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] objected to my withdraw-
ing an objection. I now object to his doing so.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will not interpose an ob-
jection.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Phelps reported that the Committee
of the Whole House had had under consideration
the Private Calendar, and had directed him to re-
port back, with a recommendation that they do
pass, the following bills, some with and some
without amendments:
A bill (H. R. No. 393) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Nathan Randall;
A bill (H. R. No. 394) for the relief of Mary
J. Maddux;
A bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Chaun-
cey W. Fuller;
A bill (H. R. No. 396) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Michael R. Clark;
A bill (H. R. No. 398) granting a pension to
Sarah Black well;
A bill (H. R. No. 399) granting a pension to
Adaline Caddis;
A bill (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of James
Floyd;
A bill (H. R. No. 403) for the relief of Mary
Bennett;
A bill (H. R. No. 404) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Michael Hanson;
A bill (H. R. No. 407) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Ezekiel Jones;
A bill (H. R. No. 415) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Daniel Bcdinger, deceased;
An act (S. No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent;
A bill (H. R. No. 421) for the relief of Joel M.
Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 86) for the relief of William
Lyon, late pension agent, at Knoxville, Tennes-
see;
A bill (H. R. No. 422) for the relief of Jethro
Bonney, of the State of New York;
A bill (H. II. No. 79) for the relief of James
Henderson;
A bill (II. R. No. 423) for the relief of Philip
B. Holmes and William Pedrick;
A bill (H. R. No. 424) for the relief of con-
gressional township number six south, of range
number eight west, in Randolph county, State of
Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 425) for the relief of con-
gressional township numuer two south, of range
number twelve west, of the second principal me-
ridian in Gibson county, State of Indiana;
A bill (H. 11. No. 426) for the relief of John
Y. Sewcll;
A bill (H. R. No. 427) for the relief of Sweeney,
Rittenhouse, Fant & Co.;
A hill (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary
ofthe Interior to liquidate the accounts ofMitchell
and Ramnnlsburg and Baker and Von Phul;
A bill (H. R. No. 430) for the relief of the heirs
of Jonathan Skinner, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 434) for the relief of John F.
Sanford, administrator de bonis non of the estate
of Robert Sanford, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Eliza A.
Merchant, widow of the late First Lieutenant and
Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the Uni-
ted States Army;
An act (S. No. 58) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war Ports-
mouth ;
An act (S. No. 60) for the relief of Ann Scott;
An act (S. No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergast; and
A bill (II. R. No. 441) for the relief of Nancy
Weeks, of Georgia.
And also recommending that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of a resolution (Miscellaneous Doc-
ument, No. 39) as to the expediency of abolishing
a portion of the land offices of the United States.
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 move the previous question
on the passage of all the bills.
Mr. PHELPS. There are two bills that have
been reported back from the Committee of the
Whole House which I myself desire to have ex-
cepted. I refer to a bill (II. R. No. 403) for the
relief of Mary Bennett, and a bill (H. R. No. 422)
for the relief of Jctliro Bonney, of the State of
New York. I demand separate votes on those
bills.
The amendments reported were severally
adopted; and all the bills of the House reported
by the Committee of the Whole House, with the
exception of bills H. R. No. 403, 422, and 427,
were severally ordered to be engrossed and read
