THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Sf.ssion.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1859.
certainly a violation of the rules of the House and
of proper decorum.
Mr. GROW. I hope the Clerk will merely
order tho officers to preserve order in the galleries.
[A voice in the gallery, 441 will leave the galleries,
for one."]
The CLERK. Itis not the purpose of the Clerk
to order the galleries to be cleared. He is aware
that there are a great many orderly persons in the
galleries; and he has only requested the officers
of the House to preserve order, nothing- more.
The Cloik has not ordered the galleries to be
cleared, because ho knows there ore a great many
persons there who have come here to look upon
these proceedings, who do not desire to see the
decorum of the House violated. If there are per-
sons in the galleries who continue to be disorderly,
the Clerk hopes the officers of the House will
suppress it. It is for the benefit of members of
the House that the Clerk makes this request.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was proceeding to
illustrate the position which had been taken by the
Democracy, and with that view I was using strong
figures of speech. I did so for the purpose of
marking it in a way from which there could be
no escape, and for the purpose of vindicating this
side of the House against the aspersion which
has been cast upon the Democrats from day to
day, of trifling with the business of the country
by the non-organization of this body. I now re-
peat in consequence of this interruption—and a
repetition will not be amiss, 1 am sure—that when
we came here, under the circumstances to which
I have adverted, it was our duty to raise the ques-
tion which was raised by the gentleman from
Missouri; and I am glad to sec that the honorable
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] shows a be-
coming sensitiveness. 1 know how he feels upon
that subject, nor did I mean, in any sense, to in-
timate that that gentleman had done anything dis-
honorable or exceptionable. But I put the ques-
tion to him, not whcthei he would vote to put m
that chair a man who would rob his neighbor, or
filch money from his pocket, for I am sure he
would not; but I ask that gentleman, and 1 ask
all who think as he does, if he believes that the
nominee of the Republican party upon this floor
for the Speakership of this House, did indorse
the doctrine of this Helper pamphlet, which I will
read to the gentleman jf he desires it; if lie did
adopttbe doctrine therein contained, of non-inter-
course of non-slaveholders with slaveholders; if
he did adopt the doctrine that abolition should go
on, and go on with a strong hand, without hesita-
ting as to the means—I say if they behaved lluit,
would ho, would they vote for such a man as
that ? k
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman knows that ]
would not, and I believe he knows that the hon-
orable member we have nominated for Speaker,
would not sanction any assault upon the rights ol
the people of Virginia, or any other State.
I misunderstood the gentleman when he was
putting his proposition; but I still think that, by
asking the question, whether ho, we, or I, or any
other man, would put a murderer or a villain in
the chair, was in the nature of an imputation upon
members on this floor. The question itself is hor-
rible. I cannot.suppose that the gentleman sin-
cerely believes that any Republican member on
this floor is so insensible to justice, so insensible
to honor, as to dare to bring before this House,
and sustain for the Speakership, a man who would
knowingly indorse any book, the sentiments of
which would lead to an outrage such as that of
John Brown into Virginia, or which would tend
to excite an insurrection m Virginia, or anywhere
olse. I would consider it one of the greatest of
crimes. Such a crime includes all crimes on the
Catalogue. I know the gentleman did not intend
to do that. I do not blame him or anybody else
for making inquiry and drawing out explanations.
I think that honorable gentlemen on that side
should, themselves, vindicate us against the im-
putation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
like certain Senators and other gentlemen—(the
16
gentleman from Illinois among them)—who do
not hear the world pass as it goes along. Every
sort of atrocity is recommended in this Helper
book against the slaveholder. Every foul epithet
has been habitually applied to southern men for
half a century. Does not the gentleman know it?
Mr. CURTIS. I am told that that book con-
tains infamous matter—matter which I denounce
and disclaim; and I say that every honorable man
in the House has disclaimed or will disclaim it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, your can-
didate has not done it. I have got here what he
said. And I may be permitted to express my
surprise that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Nelson] should have fallen yesterday into the
error of stating that Mr. Sherman had disclaimed
the atrocities of the Helper pamphlet. Where
did that honorable gentleman get his information ?
Mr. KELSON. My recollection is that Mr.
Sherman rose, and, in reply to some question,
said, in substance, that he did not recollect, to a
certainty, whether ho had subscribed to that pub-
lication or not. But I thinl^Mr. Rtirrman said
that he did not approve its ultra doctrines.
Several Democratic Members. No; he did not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh no, sir; I have
got his remarks here, and I was surprised- 
Mr. NELSON. I do not wish to misrepresent
Mr. Sherman, or anybody else; but that is the
way that i understood it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I say I was sur-
prised that the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee should have made such n stntement. He
is a clear-headed gentleman, as he lias shown to
this House, a man of talent, a man of critical ob-
servation Now, 1 will read what Mr. Sherman
did say:
uMi. Clerk, I liave, until this moment, disregarded this
debute, because i presumed it was snnpiv tlnovvn at the
liou-sp at this tunc lor tne puipo^e ol ptcteutiug an oi«an-
ization. Hut the maimer ot'uie gentleman xjoiu Vngiuia
[.VIr. Milt.son]—my respect fm Iin long experience in tins
House; my uvpert An his ch.uacter, ami the pcriou^ jm-
pie^sion winch this matter serins to have made on Ins
mind—induce me to hay now what J have to say. X ask
that the Icttei which { send up may be lead.
u The lolio wing icttei was thereupon road tioni the Cleric's
de?k: "  
"Washington City, Deccm&crT), 1839.
" I)i:ar Sui: ! peu-eive that a debate ha^ arisen in Con-
grrjj-j ni winch Mi. iiclpei's book,the ' Impending
is bioii'jht up a^ an exponent ot Republican puncipW. Au
the names of many leading Republican-; aie presented a?>
leeommenchng a compendium of the volume, it is pi ope r
that I should o\plam bow those name* weie obtained m
advance of the publication. Mi. Ilelpci bi ought his hook to
me at Silvei Hpimgto examine and recommend, it I thought
well of it, as a woik to bo ciicouiajjod by Republican*. I
had never seen it before. At tor its perusal, I either wrote
to Mi. flclpei.oi told Jmn that nwas objectionablemmany
partieul.u to whteh f advcitrj ; and ho piomiscd nic, 111
wntina, th.it he would obviate the objections by omitting
entii'clv oi altenng the mattei objected to.
I undei- taud 1 hat it was in consequence of his a^uranee
to me tliat ihe obuo.uoiw mattei m the ougiual publication
would be e\pui£ated. that member* of Confess and oiliei
influential men amonjr the Republican- weie induced to
give their eountcnunee to the circulation of the edition so
to bo expuigatcd.
"F. P. BLAIR,
"lion John-Sukrman*. Silver Spring.
"Mi. Sherman. I do not recollect signing the papei
rctencd to; but I pie^umc.fiom my name appealing in the
punted lit. that I did r-ign it. I therefore make no cx(M1mj
of that kind. I never have read Mr. Helper's book, oi the
compendium founded upon it. I have never seen a copy
of eithei. And lietc, Mr. Cleik, 1 might leave the mattei;
but a* many Jmr-sh things have been said ebout nie, I
desire to say that since I have been n member ot tin- House
1 have always endeavoied to cultivate the courtesies and
kind lelations that are duo from one gentleman to another
1 never addicted to anv member melt language 1 have
heard to-day. I never doHie such language to be addiessed
to me, if I can avoid it. J appeal to my public iccord,
duting a pound of tour year*, in this bod\ ; and f say now
that theie i> not a single question agitatingthe public mind,
not a single topic, on which there can be sectional jcalou.-y
or sectional contiovcr-y, unle-^ gentlemen on the other
side of the House thrust Mich feiibi>'ets upon us. ! repeat,
not a single question. We have pui sued a course oi studied
silence, it is our intention to oigamze the Houm; quietly,
decently, in oider, without vmipuiation; and we tiust to
show to member on all sides of the House, that the party
with which I have the honor to act can administer this
House arid administer this Government [applause fmm the
gallenes and the Republican benches] without trespassing
on the rights of any.'''
Mr. GROW. Is that all that was said ?
New Series No. 16.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is all I have
got here.
Mr. GROW. There is more. " -
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes; I find this:
" Mr. ICcrrr, (in his seat.) Only one half of it.
<•' Mr. Sherman. X gay then that I, for one, would not
trespass on a light of a single southern citizen; and I defy
any man to show, anywhere, a word that I have uttered
that would lead to a different conclusion. The sigaingof
that paper, and the hook, every member of the House can
appreciate without my saying a word about it.
I have said more than 1 designed,and I trust that here-
after gentlemen on the other side of the House will observe
the courtesies <luc from one gentleman to another. I have
always observed such courtesies to them. While news-
papeis may call names, let me say, that this ia not the
place for epithets; it ia the place for reason and argu-
ment."
Mr. GROW". In answer to some inquiry, the
gentleman from Ohio also said that he distinctly
stated five times oil this floor, that he would not
interfere with the relations of master and slave.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir; he would
not march into the slave States; he would not
legislate m regard to that subject. Welcnowwhat
that means. But I ask now, does he disclaim the
doctrines of the Helper book-? Every gentleman
knows that there arc different ways of operating
011 slavery; and I shall take occasion to show,
before I take my seat, many of these ways. I ask
here, in the presence of .the candidate on that side
of the Ilousc, docs that gentleman disclaim the
doctrines of the Helper book? In fifteen years,
said Helper, pursue my advice,and, my lifeupon
it, there will not be a slave on the ground of free
America. There are many means other than
those which John Biown lesortcdto. Docs the,
gentleman disclaim the doctrines of that book,as
they have been read here r Thegentleman is dumb;
he is silent. I desire to get the gentleman to speak.
He is silent—dumb as an oyster, [laughter;] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania wants to speak
for him.
Mr. GROW. No,sir; Ionly want you to rep-
resent the record right.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; but let tlip
party most interested correct me, if I do him in-
justice. I do not want the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to do it, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] cut in yesterday to save the gentleman
from Illinois- No doubt, he was afraid he would
commit some blunder, perhaps indorse the Helper
book, and therefore he cut in to disclaim it.
Mr. NELSON. My remarks, in regard to Mr,
Sherman, were as follows:
" I cannot consistently cast my vote for Mr. Sherman,
as Speaker, becduse I think his election, at this time, would
produce an unhappy alienation of feeling on the part of the
South. While I pay this, in perfect respect to him, I tan
tree to declare that, when a man, who is technically my
peer, arises upon this floor and tays, in substance, that, if
he indorsed the Helper hook, he did it through inadvertence,
and does not approveits extreme duct-tines, I am constiained
to accept his statements as tiue until the contrary appears.
This abortion of his is strengthened by the fact that, m the
discussions ot' 1850, Mr. Siilrman drew, broadly and dis-
tinctly, the line ol demarkatioij between the Republicans
and Abolmonnts, and showed that the former, in that day,
at lea^t, did not sympathize with tlie extreme views of the
latter."
In speaking of Mr. Sherman, it is proper for
mo to say that 1 am not his organ, and am not in
his confidence. I do not think I misunderstood
him, and certainly have no desire to misrepresent
him. My object has been to do an act of simple
justice. Some of the most obnoxious doctrines
of the Helper book, as published in the papers,
are, 4< thorough organization and independent po-
litical action on the part of the non-slaveholding
whites of the South;'5 "no cooperation with pro-
slavery politicians; no fellowship with them in
religion; no affiliation with them in society; no
patronage to pro-slavery merchants," "lawyers,
waiters, or physicians; and 110 audience to pro-
slavery poisons." When Mr. Shermant said,
during the debate of the 6th instant, on this floor,
that he had said it live times on this floor that
" he way opposed to any interference, whatever,
by the people of the free States with the rela-
tions of master and slave in the slave States,"
I considered him as saying, in substance, that he
did not approve the extreme doctrines of Helper's
