1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a third time; and were accordingly engrossed,
and, with the Senate bills, read the third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bills were passed.
The Committee of tlie "Whole House was also
discharged from the further consideration of a
resolution (Miscellaneous Document No. 39) as
to the expediency of abolishing a portion of the
land offices of the United States.
SWEENEY, RITTENHOUSE & CO. AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say that the Senate
have passed a bill for the relief of Sweeney, Rit-
tcnhouse,Fant& Co., which is precisely the same
as that which has now been reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole. I would suggest that the
Senate bill be substituted for the House bill,
which will obivate the necessity of the bill going
again before the Senate.
There was no objection; and the bill of the Sen-
ate was ordered to a third reading, and was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
MAET, BENNETT AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a statement
in relation to House bill No. 403 for the relief
of Mary Bennett. I did not wish, in the posi-
tion I held as chairmrn of the Committee of the
Whole, to object to the bill; but I will state that
it introduces an entirely new principle in our le-
gislation. This man, whose widow now asks a
pension, was employed in the revenue marine
service, and was no more entitled to a pension
than is a surveyor or collector of customs. If
an officer of the revenue maiine shall be employed
in war prosecuted with a foreign Powfir, I am
willing that he shall be treated as we should treat
a military officer. This man, however, received
no injury in the Mexican war, as I understand;
but it appears that he received injuries while on
shipboard, while engaged in the revenue marine
for the prevention of smuggling. I think, there-
fore, that neither he nor his widow is entitled to
a pension; and I move to lay the bill oil the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the. vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JETIIRO BONNEY AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. The other bill on which I
asked a separate vote is House bill No. 422, for
the relief of Jethro Bonney, of the State of New
York. My objection to that bill is, that it is a
violation of the principle which has been uniformly
acted on by this Government, not to recognize its
obhgntion to pay for any property destroyed in
time of war, unless destroyed by our own troops
or occupied by them at the time of its destruction.
The property which itis proposed to pay for here
does not come under that rule, if I gathered the
facts correctly from the reading of the report.
Mv. TAPT?AN. I do not propose to make any
remarks upon this bill; but the comniittee were
of the opinion that the facts found by them came
very nearly within the rule which the gentleman
from Missouri has stated, if not quite within it.
I ask the gentleman from Missouri to have the
report read.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to having
the report read again. I may Slave mistaken the
facts. I have no wish to do injustice to any one.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the facts in this
case to show that the property was destroyed by
order of the American commander.
Mr. DUELL. Such was the fact.
The report was read.
Mr. PHELPS. I was entirely mistaken in my
hearing of the report as it was first read. This
property having been destroyed by the American
commander, I withdraw all objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NANCY WEEKS AGAIN.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the general consent
of the House to insert in the bill which has been
passed for the relief of Nancy Weeks, a proviso
that the money shall be paid to her, or to such
person as she shall authorize.
There being no objection, the amendment was
directed to be incorporated into the bill.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which all the bills acted on en masse were
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM H. BE GEOOT.
Mr. BURNETT. There is a case on the Pri-
vate Calendar, which has been passed unani-
mously twice by a committee of this House. It
is Htajse resolution No. 17, for the relief of Wil-
liaiTH. De Groot. The party who claims uujjer
the resolution has his property levied upon, to be
sold on Monday next, as 1 am informed. The
passage of the joint resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to adjust his accounts, on terms
of justice and equity, will enable him, as I am in-
formed, to postpone the sale of his property. I
leave the question with the good judgment of the
House.
There was no objection to taking the resolu-
tion up for consideration.
The bill was read. It directs that in further
execution of the joint resolution of 3d March,
1857, relative to the settlement of the damages,
losses, and liabilities incurred by certain parties
interested in the contract for furnishing brick for
the Washington aqueduct, the Secretary of War
shall settle the account of William II. De Groot
on principles of justice and equity, allowing him
the amount of money actually expended by him
in and about the execution of the contract; and
also to indemnify him for such losses, liabilities,
and damages, as, by virtue of the joint resolution,
he was entitled to receive; the amount so found
to be due to De Groot to be paid to him out of
the fund named in the joint resolution, or, if that
has been diverted to other purposes, out of any
money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropri-
ated: provided, however, there shall be deducted
from the losses, liabilities, and damages, found
due him, the amount paid him by the Govern-
ment.
It appears from the report, which was read, that,
oil the 23d of January, 1854, William H. Deggs
and Francis H. Smith entered into a contract with
Montgomery C. Meigs, acting for and on behalf
of UioUmted States, by which they agreed to fur-
nish the latter with not more than forty nor less
than twenty-five million bricks, at the rate of
jj8 75 per thousand, to be used in building the
Washington aqueduct. For the faithful perform-
ance of the contract by Deggs & Smith, Columbus
Alexander and Alexander H. Mechlin became
sureties. Deggs & Smith failed ill the perform-
ance of their contract, and Mechlm and Alexander
undei took to carry it out in their stead. The sub-
stitution of Mechlm & Alexander for Deggs &
Smith ha\ ijig been accepted by the United States,
they became th e legal parties to the contract, which
was subsequently prosecuted m their names. Oil
the 9th of May, 1855, an agreement was concluded
between William H. De Groot, and Mechlin &
Alexander, by which the former undertook the
execution of the contract on the same terms and
conditions, in all respects, as it hud been origin-
ally undertaken by Deggs & Smith; De Groot
receiving, at the same time, a power of attorney
from Mechlin & Alexander, authorizing him to
do everything required by the contract. He was
to receive payment for the brick delivered, and to
act in all n spects in their stead, as fully as if he
had been (he legal party to the contract.
In pursuance of the agreement with Mechlin
& Alexander, he applied himself immediately to
prepare for the execution of the contract, by
purchasing land for clay and wood; machines for
molding brick, boats, carts, wagons, horses, and
mules for transporting them; building extensive
houses for the accommodation of the workmen;
kilns, sheds and roads; making yards, providing
tools, hiring hands, and doing everything neces-
sary to enable him to^uoseeute the work in a
manner satisfactory to the Government. It also
appears that Deggs & Smith, the original contract-
ors, having failed to furnish any brick, or to pro-
vide in any way for the execution of their con-
tract, it became necessary for De Groot to furnish
a considerable number before it was practicable
to manufacture them himself, in order that the
work might not be delayed. This he did, though
at the loss of all the profits which he would have
realized had lie been permitted to wait until he
could manufacture them himself. It appears from
the evidence that a kiln of three hundred thou-
sand brick, made after he had completed his ar-
rangements for the prosecution of his-' contract,
cost, when delivered on tlie line of the woj-lc,
#1,575, and that these brick were worth, at the
contract price, ยง2;625; showing a profit to the
contractor exceeding ยง3 50 per thousand.
About the 1st of October, 1855, he, as has been
shown, was fully prepared to proceed in the exe-
cution of his contract, (everything having been
provided to enable him to do so to the best ad-
vantage for his own interest as well as to the sat-
isfaction of the Government,) and continued to
perform it until the contract was virtually termin-
ated by the United States, through the refusal of
Congress to make any further appropriation for
carrying on the work; and no complaint was
made in relation to the manner in which the con-
tract was performed by the memorialist. That
the contract of Mr. De Groot had been executed
with fidelity, and to the entire satisfaction of the
Government, is shown by the report of Captain
Meigs of the 11th of April, 1856. In this he says
of the contractors, Do Groot and Darling : " Tljey
'are waiting orders, and they do notknow whether
they should make one hundred thousand or fifteen
million bricks for the season's use. As further
proof of the faithful and satisfactory performance
of the contract of De Groot, it appears that at
the time the work was stopped by the Govern-
ment there were four hundred and eighteen thou-
sand five hundred and forty-four bricks unused on
the line of ^he work, and three hundred thousand
in the kilns ready for delivery.
Mr. CARTER. Will it be in order to move to
amend the resolution ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will, any time
before the previous question is moved.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the previous question until
I can offer an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will learn
the facts in the case, I am sure that he will with-
draw objection to the passage of the resolution
in its present form, as it only confers upon the
Secretary of War power to settle his accounts on
principles of equity and justice. I must insist on
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The objection I have to
the resolution is to its provision to indemnify De
Groot for his losses. The amount actually ex-
pended by him I think it would be proper for us
to refund; but to indemnify him for all the losses
he has sustained by his contract, would be going
entiiely too far. Wo do not know, under the
terms of the resolution, exactly the amount we
appropriate; nor,indeed, an approximate amount.
Mr. BURNETT. This resolution cannot op-
crate to the prejudice of the Government. The
resolution authorizes the Secretary of War to
adjust his accounts on principles of equity and
justice. It authorizes payment to him for losses
that he sustained by action of the Government.
Mr. CARTER. I offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Amendment is
not now in order, the previous question being
demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. BURNETT moied to reconsider the vote
by which the. resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN MOSIIIER.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 359, for the
relief of the legal representatives of JohnMoshier,
and that the bill be now put on -its passage.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected. '
Mr. THOMAS moved that tire House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
