242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
book. And,when I referred, on yesterday, to the
discussions of 1856, I alluded especially to Mr.
Sherman's answer to Mr. Smith, of Tennessee,
in the Congressional Globe, volume thirty-four,
pages 55 and 56, where he said:
" 1 never had any affiliation with what is. known as the
Abolition party. I was attached to the Whig party."
And again, when he said:
"If I Had my voice, I would notliavo one single politi-
cal Abolitionist in the noithcrn States. I am opposed to
any intoiferenee, b'y the northern people, with slaveiy m
the slave States. 1 act with the Republican party, with
hundreds of thousands of others, because the Republican
party resists the extension, but docs not seek the abolition,
of slavery."
This, as I suppose, is one of the five utterances
on this floor, to which Mr. Sherman referred.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will not go into
this thing now, but we all know that the Helper
book proclaims that nine negroes out of ten would
cheerfully cut their masters' throats; and that the
white non-slaveholders of the slave States would
be one of the greatest agents of.abolition. I was
calling the attention of the House and of the coun-
try to the circumstances under which this debate
sprung up. My object was to show that it was
not consistent with the patriotism of a majority
of the House to place in the Speaker's chair a
gentleman who -would not disclaim, broadly and
unequivocally, as the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Curtis,] the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton-,] and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kei,-
iobb,] have done, the atrocious doctrines of this
book. How then, I ask, should we deal with
this question ? How, I ask, under these circum-
stances, was this House to deal with it? The
gentleman himself says—let us go on quietly and
organize the House.
IVIr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to interrupt him?
He used the word " all," in speaking of the sup-
porters of Mr. Sherman, supposing them all to
be implicated—so far as the implication goes for
anything—in the indorsement of the Helper book.
As I said, when I had the honor of addressing the
House, I have in no way indorsed it. Neverthe-
less, I am a supporter of Mr. Sherman; but i am
his supporter, knowing what he thinks on these
matters—knowing that he is free from all fail-
charge of implication in anything- of a treason-
able character, or anything m this book that rec-
ommends murder and arson, and also because 1
know Mr. Sherman to be eminently conservative.
If the genilemau will allow me, 1 will send to the
Clerk's desk an extract from a speech of Mr.
Sherman, which may be read to show, among
other reasons, why I.support Mr. Sherman as a
conservative member of the House, and not as
a member of the pure Republican party.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 1 say tln.s charge |anterleieuee with Ma\erv m the
southern Htate.s] i.j unfounded. The people of Ohio, the
fcjt«uo which J have the honoi, 111 port, to lepiesont on this
floor, do not wi>h or design to interfcie with slavery in any
southern .State. We do not wish or design to nitei feu;
with the relations existing between the white and black
races in the slave States. Iha\e. obneiveil that the lela-
tioiw existing betiveeu these classes m the South are otten
more kindly In their character than those existing between
the same classes m the northern States. We do not, and
never did, claim the power to interfere.
" Our claim is this: that, in violation of the pledges of
the President, made at the outset of hi< Adnnni^tiutnm,
and in violation of the pledges and platfoimx ot the two
great parties ot the country, Jour years ago, the paity acting
with the PiCbident and his advisers repealed the Missouri
eompiomise, and peipetuited what our sense ot justice and
honor tells us was an infamous wrong. That is all. That
is the long and short of it, and it is the only cause which
called the Republican party into being ,5 * '• *
If I had my voice I would not have one single political
Abolitionist in the noitheni State*. 1 am opposed to any
inteifereiiee by the noithein people with sluvciv m the
vlavo States. I act with the Republican paity, with hun-
dreds of thousands of otheis, simply because the Repub-
lican party resists the extension, but docs not seek the
abolition, of slavery."
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I will add,
by the leave of the gentleman from Virginia, tiiat
it is because I know Mr. Sherman to bold those
sentiments now, that I, as one not bound to the
Republican party, support him. I thank the gen-
tleman for his courtesy.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I give notice that
I will not allow, whilst I am upon the floor, the
gentleman from Ohio to speak by proxy. He is
no Speaker yet. I demand that when he wants
to bo vindicated before the country, he shall speak
for himself. We have come really to a pretty
pans. A gentleman here in nomination for the
Speakership is not allowed to speak. Why, sir,
it is the case with the whole Republican party.
Some of them, however, have broken loose and
spoken once, and some of them twice; and 1 sup-
pose, as Balaam's ass spoke three times, we shall
hear from them again. [Laughter.]
Sir, I say, let the gentleman speak for himself.
We are dealing with the present; and I now ask
the gentleman from Ohio to say what are his sen-
timents at this time ? Does he indorse the Helper
book ? Speak, or forever after hold your peace !
[Great laughter.]
Mr. Clerk, I have mentioned these things be-
cause I wish the country distinctly to understand
that it was under these circumstances that the
House assembled; and that, having assembled
under these circumstances, and with the revela-
tions to which I have adverted, we on this side of
the House deemed it right and proper to offer the
resolution which I hold in my hand, and which
was offered by the gentleman from Missouri.
What is it, sir?
"Resolved, That the doctrines and sentiments of a eel-
tain book called tile ' Impending C'usis of the siouth,' pui-
porting to have been written by one Ilmton II. Helper, are
insurrectionary and hostile to the pcacu and tranquillity
ol' the country; and no member of this House who ha -
indorsed or recommended the doctrines and sentiment*
therein afhnned, ] - fit to be Speaker of this House."
I submit this question cheerfully to the judg-
ment of the country; and I ask the country,and
1 ask the Representatives of the country, when
could we make that objection, if that objection |
existed? There is the question. 1 know gentle- j
men will want to hold us responsible lor the eon- |
sequences of the failure to organize this House,
as illustrated by the extraordinary manner and j
conduct of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. !
Grow] the other day. But I ask the country—1 i
ask those gentlemen upon the other side who rep- !
resent it in part, when wo could make the objec-
tion except precisely at the time, under the cir-
cumstances, and in the manner that was adopted
by the gentleman from Missouri? So much for
that then, and so much for the clamor that may
be raised upon this question elsewhere. We raised
the objection; we have sustained the objection;
and the objection stands good, becau.se the gen-
tleman from Ohio, though he has .spoken, has re-
fused to disclaim the doctrines of the Helper
book. Sir, it would have been just as easy—and
he could have said it ill much fewer words—it
would have been just as easy for him to have said,
in a few remarks, that lie disapproved of the doc-
trines oT that book, as he then understood them,
as it was to go into the lawyer-like exposition of
his position with which he indulged the House.
1 repeat the question, sir, are you down upon
Helper's book' Are you against the doctrines
therein contained' He will not say it; and E say-
then, before God and the country and before this
goodly assembly, that it is our duty to our insti-
tutions and our high duty to ourselves to protest
against his election as Presiding Officer of this
House.
Having-disposed of that question—and I might
add other things m this connection—I proceed now
to indulge in some few other remarks. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] who
spoke the other day, indulged in most extraordi-
nary bravado of manner. Sir, one might have,
thought that our Jupiter was thundering; that we
had a Jupiter Tonans in this body; and that when
he spoke all minor gods must tremble. [Laugh-
ter.] He graciously told us that the New York
Herald had supplied this side of the House with
brains. I would like to know who has supplied
him with that essential commodity. [Laughter.]
Sir, he is not even entitled to originality for in-
venting that pluawe himself, for he got it trom
Mr. Gietley; at least, from the New York Tri-
bune. But that is not the whole or tin- worst of
it. He proclaimed that by this discussion we
were engaged m disseminating Helper's book. I
will take occasion to say here that we care not
about its circulation. Let them circulate it as
, much as they can. But we care for its doctrines,
j and for the indorsement that has been given to
them upon this floor. He says that we have given
it the best of advertising, and that we have done
what the Republican committee tried for a year
or two to effect, but in vain.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman will allow roc.
I would not interrupt him, except to correct the
record. If I used the word "Republican," it was
a slip of the tongue; I meant the publishing com-
mittee. It was published by gentlemen whose
names the gentleman will find in the book; and a
gentleman of the name of Anthon is the only man
1 know of who is connected with the publication.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am only dealing
with what the gentleman said.
Mr. GROW. But the gentleman will find in
the Globe that I said the publishing committee.
If I used the word "Republican," it was a slip
of the tongue.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume the gen-
tleman put it so in the Globe; but, by the Herald,
we see that "Republican committee" was the
phrase he used. I suppose the gentleman cor-
rected it in the Globe; but this Now York Herald
seems to have a reporter here who catches things
as they fall from our lips, and he has got it as I
said it—"Republican committee." Then I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that it is not " Re-
publican," but " publishing committee." Weil,
now, sir, upon that subject I should like to hear
what difference the gentleman finds between them.
1 believe that Horace Greeley is the chief head
of the Republican committee.
Mr. GROW. All I want is a correct record.
If the gentleman will quote correctly what I did
say, he is at liberty to argue from it as much as
he" pleases; I shall not interrupt him in his argu-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, I sup-
pose the gentleman from Pennsylvania feels grat-
ified at what we are now doing. He says as I
have got him down here. He thanks us for doing
what the Republican (or publishing, if he will
have it so,) committee have attempted and failed
to do.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me?
I do not. think 1 ever used any such language.^ If
the gentleman will take the Globe, he will find
exactly what I did say. He will find it precisely
as I uttered it, with the exception of the word
"Republican," which is changed to "publish-
ing, "which was a mistake, as 1 uttered it. The
gentleman, I understand, is reading fiom a tele-
graphic report. That is just what 1 have been
complaining of, that gentlemen read newspapers
instead of using arguments.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is very well
known that gentlemen reform themselves very
much on what they say in this House, when
their revised remarks get into the Globe. Here
is what the gentleman said, according to the
stenographer of the New York Herald;
'•And yet, gentlemen, we have pat here for almost three
weeks, and listened to nothing in the woiid—with thieeor
four exceptions—but the editciuilsof theNew Voik ilerald
for the lat-t month, rehashed and ;'i von to i;- piecemeal in
tile foun of speeches. (Appi.ui.--e.) The ileiaid has fur-
nished brains lor the whole diM-u-rdon, which ha-, only
lueked its terseness of st\!e [ must say that the editorials
oflhe Ileiaid aie usually ;-pie). and we lead them with a
&ood deal of interest; but 1 am loieed to savthat tiir- dis-
cussion, and the speeche .of niembei ' opposite, have lacked
the teir-euess of style and spiciuecs of diction which is
such a feature in the Herald, l'rom whose columns they
have extracted theii idea.s,sueh a-, they aie. (Loud laugh-
ter.) Now, if gentlemen aie satisfied wilh adverllsmg
bioadcast through the land this pamphlet, which they *uy
is so destiuetive to their peace and tranquillity—if you aie
satisfied to irive a eirculationto that pamphlet of thousands
vvheic it had scaicely a solitaiy one bcfoic—then you have
pciformed awoik that the Black Republican Committee of
New York woutd thank you, and did, ladecrl, thank you
loi. That committee had tni-d for moie than a jeai to ,'"'f
up a euculation lot that pamphlet, and they failed to do.so;
but you, gentlemen, on that -ide. have advertised and cn-
eulated u throughout tile length and bicadth of the. land."
Mr. GROW. What is that? " Black Repub-
lican I" Is that in the gentleman's report'
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir.
Mr. GROW. I used the word •' Republican."
I did not use the phrase " Black Republican.'' 1
leave such phrases where they belong.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman has
got so accustomed to it that I suppose he knows
his name by this time.
Mr. GROW. I know my name better than
you do on the other side.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose so. Be
jiso. But let us procetd. I letue this subject
for the present, and go to another. The gentle-
man talks most earnestly and most anxiously of
the importance of organizing the House, with the
view of providing for the public creditors; and
he has especial reference !o the mail contractors.
Sir, I am anxious, sincerely anxious, that we
should organize this House for the purpose of
