3150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
land mail." The consequence was, that there was
no fair competition at the start; but after it had
run a few months, and after it had turned out,
not merely as this Postmaster General says, thatit
had generalhj made its time, but, if I ain correctly
informed, (and I believe I am, for I have made
inquiries on the subject,) it has never failed to
make its time, letters went by it. Let the weather
be what it might, whether in the heat of summer
or the snows of winter, it has never failed to make
its time. When it was ascertained that it could
make its time, the Postmaster General allowed
letters to go by it without its bein$ specially in-
dorsed on each letter that it was to take that
route; and the result has been that it has gone up
from twenty-one dollars, in the month of Sep-
tember, to $12,164 77 in the.month of March last.
Look, sir, at this increase. It is, I think, up-
wards of six hundred per cent, in that length of
time. When the Postmaster General made his
report, the whole amount of postage, in round
numbers, was §27,000; and estimating on that, he
said the loss would be $3,000,000; but that report
was made in December. By the end of the next
March the aggregate amount of receipts had
swollen up from $$7,000 to $71,378 63; it had
nearly trebled between the time the Postmaster
General made his report and the last of March.
Now, I undertake to say that if you were to take
a proportionate increase—I have not had time to
make the calculation—it would turn out that this
mail line would pay for itself. I do not say that
the increase would keep on all the time as great
as it is here; but I have just as much right to
maintain that as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has to take the position he has; and if I were
to take that position, then 1 Hay it would demon-
strate that it would more than pay the whole of
the expenditure in the postage.
Now, sir, I have nothing to say as to the route
particularly over which this mail runs; but I will
say one word on that subject before I am through.
The Senator from New Hampshire admits that
these gentlemen have faithfully performed their
contract; but he complains of the late Postmaster
General. Is it with the late Postmaster General we
are dealing? Not at all. We are dealing with the
contract rights of Butterfield & Company; and
because the late Postmaster General may not have
allowed this mail to run on the route that was
preferred by these contractors, the Senator from
New Hampshire, would have us interfere with
their rights, and take away from them the rights
that the Constitution and good morals guaranty
to them. Sir, that is not niy doctrine. Suppose
I state tlmt the last PostmasterGeneral did it 
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I do not know what the Senator
means when he speoks of what the Constitution
and good morals will give thenrw 1 said they had
done everything right, fair, and honoiable, but
thattheir contract was subordinate to thedemands
of the public necessities, and J was willing to pay
them everything that they asked. It seems tome
that accords with good morals and the Constitu-
tion, both.
Mr. POLK. Then I am not willing to do that.
I am not willing to interfere with the contract
rights of parties, and then pay them whatever
they may ask, nor everything that they may even
justly ask. I am one of those who think that the
Government ought, not lightly to interfere with
contracts of tins kind. Why, sir, a Congress whose
judgment probably is entitled to as much respect as
the judgment of this Congress—a Congress that
preceded us—after deliberate consideration of this
whole subject, authorized this contract to be en-
tered into. it was a new matter. It was the exper-
iment of running mt-il lines across the continent,
and it was the experiment of running mail lines
across the continent on a contractthatguaiantied
to these parties certain preemptive privileges, as
station routes upon which they could form estab-
lishments, and around which, as nucleuses, there
might be congregated settlements. That has been
the policy of this Government. The late Colonel
Benton, I believe, introduced a bill—I know lie
advocated it strongly, and was as well advised of
the importance of this overland communication
betwixt the States on the east side of the Rocky
Mountains and the States on the Pacific as any
other man, for he had given as much attention to
it—that gave to every overland mail route a right
by preemption for the stations that might be ne-
cessary to carry the mail; but in this particular
instance, thfc Congress that authorized this con-
tract were not content to rely upon that general
bill, but specified in the contract that this privi-
lege should exist. %
Now, Mr. President, I will just here refer to a
matter that I glanced at a moment ago, and that
is the nature of this route. I am one of those
who did not think that the route upon which this
mail is carried was the very best, but it has been
started upon this route, and it has been a success;
and the consequence has been that it has accom-
modated more settlements, more towns and vil-
lages, a larger population, and a larger district
of country, than it would have done if it had run
across the straightest line possible. It might have
gone a little quicker, if it had gone on an entirely
straight route; but like a river that waters and
fertilizes and beautifies the landscape and adds to
the necessities of man, the more from the fact
that it is serpentine in its course, so this route
has gcgie a more circuitous course, and has sub-
vented the wants of more people in the way of
supplying mail facilities, than it could have done
if it had gone on the straightest line possible. One
thing is certain, it has gone in the time specified
in the contract, and has never failed to go in that
time. As it has gone, it has accommodated the
State of Arkansas and all the central States. It
has accommodated a large part of the State of
Texas. It has accommodated the upper part
of the State of Louisiana. I am speaking of it
now, sir, as the line was located west of the Mis-
sissippi river.
I wish now to refer to another consideration,
which I think the Senate ought not to overlook.
The Senator from Arkansas has well said that in
this bill, as it stands, there is a provision made
for Hannibal,and for the points above Hannibal,
and the upper part of Missouri. Crow Wing, I
think, is another connection with the Mississippi
river; and there is also one up at St. Paul. Then,
if this amendment he adopted, between St. Louis
—between Ilannibal, in fact; for, us 1 said before,
the mail is not made to start at St. Louis—be-
tween Hannibal and the city of New Oilcans,
there is no sort of connection with the Mississippi
river; it is not touched.
Now, how is it with Memphis'1 In the first
place, by the Mobile and Ohio road, it runs up
and connects with the Illinois Central, and thus
I has a northern connection. Then it has a con-
| nection by the Memphis and Charleston road with
j Nashville, and through Nashville with Louisville
and Frankfort. It has a connection by that same
road with the "Virginia and North Carolina sys-
tem of roads and with the Georgia and South
Carolina system of roads. Then it has also a con-
nection by the East Tennessee railroad. Then
it has also a connection with another railroad—
I believe it is the Mobile and Ohio and Jackson
and Louisiana railroad—and thus with Mobile
and New Orleans. I am giving now merely the
great trunks. Each one of these roads has its
branches;and thus that whole southern and south-
eastern portion of the country has immediate con-
i nection with the city of Memphis. Now, when
i you run this line acoss from Memphis, you not
! only supply this region of country containing an
| immense population, but you give to Arkansas
j what T say Arkansas is entitled to—some direct
| communication with the Pacilic coast. Shall Ar-
kansas, northern Louisiana, and northern Texas
be compelled to go far south, or far north, in
order to have an overland communication, when
we have got one already under a contract that has
never failed to be carried out on the part of the
contractois?
It seems to me that the view suggested by the
Senator from Arkansas in eminently just, as well
as eminently conducive to the great mail facilities
of the country. 1 agree with him. I am perfectly
willing that the route which he referred to, from
New Orleans and by San Antonio and El Paso,
shall be established; but I do not think it would
be just to take from ah that region of country be-
tween Hannibal and Vicksburg or New Orleans,
in direct communication with the Pacific coast,
by means of this overland mail, its existing priv-
ileges.
Now, Mr. President, I come back to the prop-
osition with which I started. I am unwilling to
interfere with this contract. We know what that
amounts to. In the first place, I deny that that
public necessity mentioned in the Constitution,
which authorizes Congress to take private prop-
erty for public use, has arisen in this case. I con-
scientiously believe it has not. There is not that
kind of public necessity contemplated by the Con-
stitution which authorizes Congress to take pri-
vate property for public uses. This is taking
private property for public uses, and, I say, taking
it not upon the terms of the Constitution. But
suppose we were taking it in a manner that would
be" constitutional, what position do we stand in ?
We stand, in my judgment, literally in the posi-
tion that the Senator from New Hampshire indi-
cated, to wit: that we are to take this from But-
terfield & Co., and then pay whatever they ask
for it. Sir, I am one of those who believe, and I
think the figures to which I have adverted dem-
j onstrate it, that paying them $600,000 per annum
during the period of their contract would be a
losing business; that if this line is allowed to go
on to the end of the contract, the Government
will not only not lose three millions, it will not
lose $600,000, nor the half of it, in my judgment.
Sir, if we take from them this private property,
we shall be called on in the way of reclamation
for damages for an amount that will be three times
as much, in my judgment, as we shall lose by
carrying out this contract. Now, when this con-
tract has been made by Congress; when the pio-
neers on the subject, if you please, have success-
fully carried it out, perhaps we may think, with
the light that the successful experiment of But-
terfield & Co. has cast on this subject, that Con-
gress made an unwise contract; but probably it is
just such a contract as wc ourselves would have
made if we had stood m a position in which we
had to contract in regard to this subject. Prob-
ably some of the gentlemen who are m this Con-
gress, and propose to take away this contract,
were in the very Congress that gave the contract.
No doubt many gentlemen in this Senate were in
the Congress then, and perhaps some of them
voted for it. I do not know how the fact is, and
do not care; but they acted on it without the
light that has been thiown upon it by the suc-
cessful experiment that has been made in this
matter by .Butterfield & Co. Why has this route
been a success? It has been just because the com-
pensation being generous, it has gone into the
hands of men who have capital and energy and
enterprise sufficient to carry it through.
What has been the experience of the Govern-
ment heretofore ? Look at the Salt Lake route.
There has been an entire failure on that route,
from the time the first contract was made on it
until it was taken by Hockaday & Co., in every
instance. It went into the hands sometimes of
Mormons, sometimes into the hands of persons
who had not the means to stock the road suffi-
ciently, and there has been a failure. On this
route, however, there has been success, because
it has been in the hands of this company of en-
terprise and experience and immense capital.
They have carried it through; and now, when
they have carried it through, it is proposed to de-
stroy it, and destroy it because we think a better
contract may be made at this time. I doubt it
exceedingly. These gentlemen stand in a con-
dition, I suppose, in which they would rather be
let alone. I have no doubt of that. They have
made their calculalions in that way; but if they
arc interfered with, we shall never get rid of their
applications for indemnity until they arc indem-
nified to the very last cent. And they ought to
be indemnified. And when we come to give them
that indemnity, I think we shall find that wc have
made a losing bargain in violating our contract
with them. Sir, I am opposed to the violation
of contracts. I will stand by this contract just
as steadfastly and as staunchly as if I had made
it myself. It was made by a Congress that went
before us, and not very long before us either.
They made it, I have no doubt, just as honestly
as we would make it; and therefore I go for
maintaining if, and for maintaining it to the last
letter.
The Senator from New Hampshire stated that
lie understood that Butterfield & Co. were willing
to take $600,000 as liquidated damages, if this
contract should be taken from them by the inter-
position Of Congress. Now, I am just as well
satisfied, from information that is perfectly satis-
