1860.
THE COJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
in addition to the fact that Mr  Sickles had a
plurality of the votes, as follows;
te We furthci certify that no votes are returned from the
said county or* New York for the officcof Representative in
Congress; and we fuither certify that a certificate of the
county clerk has been presented to us, stating that all the
ballots returned to and filed in his office as used at said
election for the afoiesaid persons, were for Representative
ill Congress, and not for £ member of Congress.'"
You talk about quibbles. Why, these moil
were truly and legally elected. Every single bal-
lot cast for them was as "Representative in Con-
gress;" and that fact is certified to by the board
of State canvassers. They do not certify that
they will not and do not declare Mr. Sickles
legally elected, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conkling] seemed to imagine. There is no
such word as "legal" in this certificate-made by
the board of State cunvassersi You cannot find
it there. What is the language?
"And we further eeitily that, inasmuch as said office was
not legally designated in the returns of the county canvass-
ers of the said county of IVewYoik made to this board, we
cannot certify to the election of any persons to the office of
Representative m Congress in the said respective districts."
They do not pretend to say that the sitting mem-
ber was not legally elected, because they have no
such power; and it is for this House to determine
whether such election was legal or not.
But, sir, I desire to cite one or two authorities
in support of the position I have taken, and which
I believe to bo the controlling one in this case—
that this was a determination within the meaning
and spirit and letter and intent of the act of Con-
gress. In Cushing's Law and Practice of Parlia-
mentary Assemblages, section 174, the following
language is employed!
i£ As it is the duty of returning officers, in the first ill
stance, to decide upon the result of an election, and if, in
their judgment, an election has taken place, to make a re-
turn of the pcison who is elected, where they undertake
to relieve themselves from this responsibility by making a
conditional return—that is, by stating certain (acts, and re-
letting the question ot their legal operation to the judgment
of the body to which the return is made—tiic return will be
received as an unconditional one."
I hold, sir, that that authority—and no author-
ity has been produced in conflict with it—is con-
clusiie upon this question. Now, let us apply it
to the facts in the case. What are they? The
board of State canvassers refused to give a gen-
eral certificate declaring that the six members from
the city ofNew York wereelected Representatives
in Congress. They issue a special certificate, in
which facts are stated, showing that the respond-
ent had not only received the largest number of
votes, but was legally elected. They give a cer-
tain state of facts. This authority says, that if
persons authorized to declare the result in uncon-
ditional terms make their declaration in condi-
tional, it shall be received as unconditional. And<^
hence the special certificate of election in this
case, and in the other congressional districts in the
city of New York, must be leccived, considered,
and acted on by the House, in the same manner
as if it had been an unconditional declaration of
the result of that ejection. If that position be con-
ceded, then I respectfully submit that this contro-
versy is at an end. But if, as argued by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] it is
not a case within the provisions of the law of
1851, then I insist, and might consume more than
my hour in reading authorities to show, that, with
the statute of 1851 out of tlie way, and conceding
for the sake of the argument that tjiis is not a ease
within the meaning of that statute, then it be-
comes a novelty in contested elections, without a
parallel, for which no precedent can be found.
What is the allegation of the petitioner^ What
is his request? It is that the contestant may be
allowed to take testimony—original testimony,
where no evidence has been taken, no notice been
given, no witnesses been summoned, no pro-
cess has been applied for; but this party comes
here, with the law staring him in the face, having
lemained silent for fifteen long months, and asks
this House to grant him an extraordinary com-
mission to take original testimony, upon general,
loose, and indefinite allegations of fraud. Now,
mark the distinction. The act of Congress applies
to taking " supplemental testimony." There is not
a word,"line, or letter in the act, that authorizes
the House of Representatives, in any case what-
ever, to allow the party to take original testimony;
nor can any case be found in winch any such au-
thority has been given. I call upon gentlemen,
and I will give them until the vote is taken upon
this resolution to-morrow, to produce one single in-
stance where any such indulgence has been grant-
ed by the House of Representatives. And if no
case can be found, I ask how we can with any
consistency adopt the resolution reported by the
majority of the Coftimittee of Elections?
There is no authority, even by analogy, in the
act of 1851. That act provides that the House,
exercising a wise discretion—even then it is a
matter purely discretionary, not obligatory—may
grant time to take supplemental testimony. The
special certificate of the board of State canvass-
ers being, in my judgment, in accordance with
the authority whijji I have read, a final and un-
conditional certificate, settling a result, brings this
contestant strictly within the provisions of the
act of 1851, and must be so determined, or else
you will nullify and repeal, by mere resolution,
a law of Congress; fur within the provisions of
that act you cannot give tune to take original tes-
timony, to serve notice, and to open the merits
of the case, without a violation of the spirit, in-
tent, and letter of the statute. Sir, I hold that
law as binding upon the Committee of Elections
in their action, and especially binding upon this
House. While it is upon the statute-book it must
be observed. If it is a bad law, repeal it; but
while suffered to remain upon the statute-book,
having been passed by both Houses of Congress
and acquiesced in by the country, it should now,
as heretofore, be held binding and obligatory
upon the pal-ties ill this case.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, thus hastily pre-
sented, not intending to argue the ease at length—#
as it has been already ably argued by the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, and fully re-
viewed ill the reports of the majority and minority,
which, I presume, every gentleman has read or
will read before giving his vote—I am constrained
to the opinion that this House cannot legally give
the time asked for by the petitioner in his memo-
rial; that such a precedent would be contrary to
law and contrary to fair dealing, after this party
has allowed himself to sleep upon his rights for
fifteen months.
Gentlemen talk about fraud. Sir, I think you
would open wide tlie door for the perpetration of
fraud and for perjury by allowing this testimony to
be taken after the lapse of so much time, from which
the sitting member may find difficulty in refuting
charges which would have been easy of refuta-
tion when the occurrences were fresh in the minds
of witnesses. I repeat that, if this dangerous
precedent is adopted, it will throw wide open the
doors for fraud; and I submit to the House that it
is better to adhere to a law that is certain, even if
it be deficient m many of its provisions, than to
nullify it thus summarily and by indirection. I
think, therefore, this Application ought to be re-
jected.
Mr. CONItLING. Upon looking at this report
just now, for the first time, I supposed the ques-
tion presented was a narrow one; certainly too
, narrow to call upon me to go into any vindication
of the Democratic bclard of State canvassers of
the State of New York. And yet, as an act of
justice to the gentlemen composing it, I feel in-
j clnied to say a word in reply to what has been
I said by the distinguished gentleman from North
j Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] and repeated m various
I forms by other gentlemen during the progress of
I this debate.
! The allegation is, that this board of canvassers
; " stultified"themselves,"an it is expressed by one
gentleman, " disgraced themselves, "as is said by
another, because, when a certificate or an affidavit
of the county clerk of New York had been trans-
mitted to thein along with the returns of the board
of county canvassers, they did not predicate their
action on this extraneous paper instead of doing
what the law requned them to do.
Mr. GILMER. I ask my friend where he gets
his authority for their action ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will tell the gentleman
where I get it. We have heard read here an act
of Congress passed in 1851, and we have heard
read—or we might have heard-—a statute of the
State of New York, and there being no conflict
between these statutes, but one being m assist-
ance of the other, I believe we want no doubtful
rule of construction to read them ill pin i materia.
Under the last-mentioned statute it was the duty
of these canvassers to act simply upon the returns
sent to them by the board of county canvassers.
I mean it was their duty so to act in making their
" statement," and also in " determining"ana "de-
claring" the election. ' . .
Mr. GILMER stated that the gentleman from
New York misunderstood him, and made an ad-
ditional remark, which the reporter was unable
to hear. ...
Mr. CONItLING. If my distinguished friend
will bear with me a moment, I design to show to
him, as I think I can, that the argument he makes
here, as to the disregarded duty of this board ot
State canvassers, goes entirely upon a mistaken
apprehension that they refused to act upon legit-
imate data; whereas the evidence they rejected
was a naked certificate or affidavit of the county
clerk of New York, who had no more right to
make it than my distinguished colleague sitting
upon my right; and I will be al)le to glean so much
from the papers and citations submitted with these
reports.
But, first, I desire to say that the duty of these
State canvassers was purely a ministerial one,
which Mr. Lyman Tremain, for one, although a
Democrat, understood quite as well, I may say
without disrespect, as any gentleman upon this
floor. Bad as his politics are, sir, he is an ac-
complished lawyer, as those here who have met
him at tlie bar must have had occasion to know.
His duty and tnat of his associates, as he under-
stood it and as I understand it, was ministerial,
and gave no discretion as to the evidence by which
results should be arrived at; a law of the State
directing that the basis of their determinations
should be the returns made by local boards of
canvassers. And in performing that ministerial
duty they had two acts .to do. The argument Oi
the "learned gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gar-
trull] is based upon the idea that when they
had performed the first of these acts, that cov-
ered the whole ground, so as to fill up the con-
templation of this statute of 1851, and to ren-
der it necessary for this contestant to serve his
notice. Now, sir, they were obliged, in perform-
ing tlieir duty tinder the laws of the State of New
York, in the first place, to make a "statement,"—
not a determination or declaration, but a statement
of the whole number of votes cast for the office
named in the leturn of the county canvassers,
and in the ballot attached; and this, though that
office was one unknown to the law, as was the
case in this instance; the votes being for " mem-
ber of Congress," an office not existing; because
it may mean a member of the other branch of
Congress, and it may mean a member of this
House.
This being the duty of the State canvassers in
the State of New York in all cases, it was their
duty in this instance, however definite the inten-
tion of thi^slectors might have been made by ac-
companying documents. This duty they were
supplied with the materials to perform; and we
have their statement. This was thoir,/Srfi duty—
an act preparatory to determining the result; and
I ask if it amounts to a determination"of an elec-
tion, in the language of this act? No, sir; it.was^
only one of the tilings, and the least important*
tiling, this board of canvassers had to do. If gen-
tlemen will look at the Revised Statutes of New
York, they will find that, after making a state-
ment of the whole number of votes, it was the
duty of the board of State canvassers to proceed
to its second office, to wit—and nowl quotefrom
the Statutes—"upon such statements"—the state-
ments that the gentleman from Georgia [Mi-. Gar-
tiiei.i.] seems to suppose arc the determination of
the election—" upon such statements they shall
tln n proceed to determine and declare what person
has been, by the greatest number of votes, duly
elected to such office." That is the duty of this
board of State canvassers; and that is the only
duty to which this act of 1851, in its first section,
makes reference in these words, "hi'," the con-
testant, " shall, within thirty days aftet the result
of such election shall have been determined by the
officer, or the board of canvassers authorized by
law to determine, the same, give notice,"&c. The
determination there spoken of, and the determina-
tion spoken of m the statutes of New York, are
one and the same. My argument is, that that is.
the function which these State canvassers have
omitted to perform; not that thev have failed
| state the sum total of the votes east; not that they
have failetl to analyze those votes, and specify
how many were received Uy each man, but that
