1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
March 20.
they have been unable to perform that act which
is the consummation referred to in this statute of
the United States.
Mr. Speaker, this objection comes here in the
nature of a demurrer. It is a technical objection,
and, in order to consider it, we are to assume, of
course, as a court of law would do in passing upon
a demurrer, the truth of the facts presented by
the petitioner. We are to assume them in gen-
eral terms, without going into technical quib-
bles about the petitioner not being definite in par-
ticularizing illegal incidents in the election; that
wholesale fraud was committed; frauds and bribe-
ries which, beyond all question, would unseat a
person who has assumed membership here, if he
can get at them. The only question is, whether
we are estopped technically, because a notice was
not given long ago, from investigating and'adju-
dicating the merits of the case. I say, first, that
this board of State canvassers, performing a min-
isterial duty, has done precisely what it should
have done, and has neither stultified nor dis-
graced itself; and, secondly, that although the
board of State canvassers has made a statement,
which the gentleman from Georgia has read, of
the whole number of votes cast, that board has
made nothing like a determination of the election;
but, on the contrary, has explained its reasons
for not doing so, and concluded the explanation
by this declaration :
" We cannot certify to the election of any person to the
office of Representative in Congress in the said respective
districts."
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Garthell]
says the State canvassers have gone as far as they
had the power to go. I.admit it; and where does
his argument lead him? If the fact of expending
their power renders a notice necessary within
twenty days in order to save the contestant's rights,
how far would the argument and its consequences
run ? If in a particular case they should have no
data from which to do anything at all; if all the
returns should be lost, and they make no certifi-
cate, and some man stalks into this Ilall, sits
down, procures the Clerk to call him, and the
Speaker to swear him in, does the gentleman from
Georgia mean that, because no notice has been
served, he cannot be unseated ? Yet that is his
argument. Because these canvassers have gone
as far as they had the power to go—and that was
to say that a certain number of men received no
votes for Representative in Congress, but simply
votes for that indefinite, floating, uncertain thing,
member of Congress, and that, therefore, they
were unable to declare any one elected Represent-
ative—the gentleman argues that the present con-
testant should have acted as if they had declared
some person entitled to the seat. I assume that
these canvassers have gone forward^fike honest
men, and performed their duty as far as they were
able. It suffices me to know that tliey come to
the end of their power without making any de-
termination, and that they refused to give any
certificate-provided for by law to the sitting mem-
. ber.
We are now asked to vote upon a technical sug-
gestion—to wink so hard as not to see an enorm-
ous fraud—because this petitioner has made an
alleged formal mistake; because he had not the
abundant caution, or the avidity, to go forward
and inspect the records in Albany, and find out
that these canvassers had counted the votes, and
then assume that a refusal to certify was the same
a  a certificate of election, and serve his technical
notice accordingly.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman allow
mc to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. GARTRELL. I think the gentleman is
mistaken in his facts. The gentleman argues that
it was hard to require the contestant to go from
New York to Albany to hunt up the record and
•sec what it contained. I would inform the gen-
tleman that it was a fact, disclosed before the
Committee of Elections, that the contestant—and
it was admitted by Williamson himself—saw the
certificate published in the city of New York in
December, 1858.
Mr. CONKLING. With all respect to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, I must confess my surprise
that he should, set me right upon the proposition
I was stating, by mentioning to me a fact like that.
I am discussing this as a legal proposition; and
what legal difference would it have made if, in this
particular case, Mr. Williamson had been within
ear-shot of the board of canvassers, so as to have
eye and ear knowledge of their acts? I am stating
this as a question of law, not applicable to this pe-
titioner alone, but to all men, whether they have
or have riot in fact seen, what in law they are not
bound to see, namely, publications, whether fugi-
tive or otherwise, which appear in the puj^ic
prints, 1 am considering the matter legally, as
bearing upon the rights of contestants; and I am
saying, legally speaking, no certificate of election
having been given to the sitting member, or 
Mr. GARTRELL. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to maintain that it \ as the duty of the
State canvassers to have notified the contestant?
Mr. CONKLING. I was about stating what
must have prevented the gentleman from Georgia
supposing that I meant anything of that kind,
namely, that when a statute, mandatory in char-
acter, makes it the bounden duty of canvasscrs,
if they certify or determine anybody's election, to
make triplicate certificates of thatfact,and to put
one upon record in one place, another in another
place, to send a third to a particular person, and
to publish one, together with their preliminary
statements; the proceedings, records, and publica-
tions, thus provided for, are the criteria, according
to my limited knowledge of such things, which
all parties have a right to go by, without resorting
to other sources of intelligence, whether fugitive
or official statements in newspapers, or anything
else.
Therefore, I say, this contestant 
  Mr. GARTRELL, I ask the gentleman's in-
dulgence. The gentleman speaks of fugitive arti-
cles published in the newspapers. Does not the
gentleman from New York know that the statute
of his own State, to which he is now alluding,
and relating to this question, requires the board
of State canvassers to publish the result of their
determination? And does he not know further,
that the certificate under which Mr. Sickles claims
his seat was published according to the require-
ments of that act ?
Mr. CONKLING. I rather think I do know
that. That is my impression. The statutes of
the State of New York require the board of State
canvassers to publish the official canvass; and I
rather think the youngest voter, and the most il-
literate in politics, to say nothing of law, in New
York, knows that fact, for we are a reading peo-
ple up there.
Mr. GARTRELL. Then I ask the gentleman
not to ignore it in his argument.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I have seen
too many evidences of the astuteness of the gen-
tleman who has me upon the stand at this moment
to suppose at all that he suffers under the misap-'
prehension of supposing that I ignore so palpable
a thing as that 111 my argument, or that seriously
he intends to intimate that anything I have said
looks like ignoring so plain a fact. If I may re-
peat myself a moment, I will endeavor to make
plain the argument. It was this: that the elec-
tion laws give to every pefson interested in elec-
tions certain modes of ascertaining the results.
Now, I need not enumerate these modes, for it is
not necessary to my present purpose. Looking
to those applicable here—namely, the certificates
of election, and the filing of them—this contestant
has never, to this hour, been apprised of a state
of facts hit by the act of 1851; nor to (his hour
does such a state of facts in truth exist. In other
words, though he may have read the official can-
vass; though that canvass may have contained
the only statement made, that statement not
amounting at all to a declaration or determination,
but being an irregular, inconclusive statement—a
statement sui generis of the facts in this particular
case—even though, as I stated before, he may
have been personally present and cognizant of the
facts, all that doesnot at all break the force of the
argument that he, as a candidate for office, as a
citizen of the Commonwealth of New York, had
the right to go to the filing and publication of le-
gal certificates, and to refuse to go anywhere else,
in order to ascertain his legal rights.
Now, I do not know that I make myself suffi-
ciently explicit to convince the gentleman from
Georgia that we have in New York an official
canvass, and are able to read it: but I trust 1 shall |
be able to present to the House the view I am '
taking of the matter before us. The resistance |
made to the resolution allowing the contestant a i
hearing is altogether technical, altogether narrow,
altogether overreaching. Because a construc-
tion has been put upon an act of Congress, and
upon proceedings of canvassers, which, I will
venture to say, all partisan feelings aside, ninety
and nine out of every hundred lawyers would
have given them, because acritical argumentmay
be made to show that by great sharpness, by special
effort, and by good guessing, the petitioner might
have fortified himself in his preliminary proceed-
ings against little evasions here, this grand in-
quest of the nation is asked to shut its eyes to a
case reeking with fraud and calling for investiga-
tion.
I conclude the remarks I did not mean to ex-
tend so far by saying that the board of canvassers,
having a ministerial duty to perform, and properly
refusing to go outside of the returns for sources of
information, have stated precisely the true result:
that is to say, that no man from the district in
question did receive votes which elected him to
the office of Representative in Congress, and that
therefore thijy were unable to perform the func-
tions mentioned in the act of 1851.
This refusal to determine the election being filed
and published, the petitioner was not bound at all,
either in his own estimation, as he says, or by a
fair construction of the act, or within any con-
struction which it can well be tortured to bear, to
serve his notice at the end of twenty days from
any time that can now be fixedjand he may come
here, as he does, regularly, and ask this House
to enable him to lay bare the untold abominations
of these New York city elections, which the gen-
tleman from Georgia says are the means by which
others upon this floor hold their seats. That may
be true; but fortunately for these others, no wit-
nesses have offered to confront them with allega-
tions destructive of their right to remain here for
an hour.
One word about this affidavit, and I have done.
The gentleman from North Carolina says it would
not be sufficient to put a man under a rule nisi.
Very likely not. But as an affidavit of merits, as
an affidavit of good faith, it would postpone the
trial of a cause, it would prevent judgment, it
would protect any right which an affidavit of
merits is adequate to protect. Whether, as the
gentleman denies, it would cause a great prerog-
ative writ to issue—an injunction, for example—
which should go only upon allegations resting on
personal knowledge, is wholly immaterial here.
In order to have a case postponed to procure tes-
timony from witnesses, it is enough for the affiant
to state, as is stated in this affidavit, that he has
conversed with the witnesses, and learned from
them that they can testify to facts material to the
issue.
So much, with sufficient particularity, appears
in the affidavit before us. Of course I do not mean
to say what the facts may, on proof, turn out to
be ; but I say that on this proceeding we^are
•bound to assume that this contestant, if allowed
the opportunity, will make go#d his charge; and
I affirm that this affidavit of Mr. Mclntire, as
aimed at that purpose, is good within any of the
requisites and tests to which gentlemen sitting
around me have been accustomed to conform in
drawing up papers of this sort, whether in elec-
tion cases or to be used in courts of law.
I hope, sir, that we shall be able to steer clear
of the technical impediments that have been thrust
in our way, and to arrive at the truth touching
the rights and qualifications of the person most
concerned in these proceedings.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is no quo-
rum voting. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Grow in the
i chair.) There is no question pending before the
House except the resolution reported by the Com-
| mittee of Elections.
| Mr, STANTON. What is the "condition of
things? Does any member want to address the
House ? If not, what is the objection to adjourn-
ing?
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed an act (S. No.
142) to secure the right of preemption to certain
settlers on land temporarily occupied as an Indian
