244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,.
House sets forth the ground of their request for a commit-
tee of conference; that we have not complied with the
parliamentary usage in the method of transacting business
between the two Houses. I suppose that is what the com-
mittee of conference Would have to act upon. It that is the
understanding, I have no objection to it.-'
"Mr. Phelps, of Missouri. I have this to say to the
House: there has been a deliberate expression of opinion
on the part of the House in leference to the action of the
Senate, and it is probable that, if a committee is appointed,
a majority of that committee wiii be composed of gentlemen
whose opinions correspond.with the action of the House.
I have had no confeience with the Speaker as to whom he
would appoint; but that would be the proper parliamentary
coursc."
■<< T r -k ■* k f k
"Mr. Gnow. I wish to say a word upon the subject of
the action of the House. The pioeeedings we have insti-
tuted here m lespeetto this bill are in accordance Willi
parliamentary usage; and foi the purpose of showing the
House tliat it is, I propose to read a paragraph from Fer-
ral's Law of Parliament, page l(W. He say s:
" £On the 24 th July, 1661, the Lords sent down a bill for
paving the streets and highways of Westminster, to which
they desire the concurrence of the Commons.' As soon as
the bjJl ia read the first time,' the House observing that said
bill was to alter the course of the law in pari, and to lay a
charge upon the people; and conceiving that it is a privi-
lege inherent to this House, that bills of that nature ought
to be first considered hero,? the bill laid aside, and it is
ordered - that the Lords be acquainted tlieiewith,'and with,
ftoe reasons inducing the House thereto; and the Lords arr
to be desired, for that cause, not to surfer any mention of
the said bill to remain on the journal's ot their Ilou^e; and
that the Commons, approving the purport, have oidered in
a bill of the same nature.'
"'On the l." th Februaiy, 1664, a bill somewhat bimilai
was laid aside on the same ground-;.1
" Now, that is what we have done. We have not ap-
proved of the revenue poition ol the bill of the Senate.
u Hero is another ense :
" 'On the 27th of Apnh 1640, upon the report of a confer-
ence, in which the Louis had proposed that the subject ol
supply should have picccdenee before any othci matlct*«,
the Commons ) evolved that then Lord-hips voting, pro-
pounding, touching matters of supply of such soitas is con-
tained in this report before it arrived from this House, is a
bieaeh of the privileges of this IiouK!.'
"Now, we have kept within the pailiamcntavy usage.
The Senate, by this resolution, simply say U .i* they have
the right to judge of their poweia Under the <\m*tltution,
and they asic us to confer with them on tins question oi
power. I am wdlingto confei with them on that question,
but J am not willing to take up the bill, which we have
onoe laid aside.
"Mr. Washbuux, of Maine. This bill is upon the
Speaker's table, and the House has lei'u^ed to take it up.
Now, 1 want to know if, by the legeideinaiu of a confei-
ence, the bill can be taken up without a two-thiuU vote?
"Mr. Grow. [ want tho Chaino undei-iand that, if the
taking up of the message involves the taking tip of the bill,
I object.
'•Tile  Spi aki'R. The Chair, in the hop° of being able
to effect something that will lead to a result that will 1).'
satisfactory 10 the House, will return po-session of the hill
it the menage of the Senate i-^ eoneuned m, ^o that the
question befcio the committee of conference will be one oi
form rather than of substance.
u Mr. Grow. I demand the previous question,
"Mi. Wat.uridog. I would inquire if the hill still ic-
luains upon the Speaker's table ?
''The SriiAKFR. It does.
"Mr. Wai.bjudge. And it will lequire a two-thud* vote
to take it up?
"•The Speakkr. Tt will.
"The pievionv question was seconded, and the ni.nn
question oideicd ; and underthe opeiation thereof the mo-
tion ofMr. J'iiclps, of Missouri, that a committee of con-
ference be appointed to meet the committee on the pai t ot
the Wewate, ivas agreed to.''
Here, you sec, that tint gentleman from Penn-
sylvania fought this question to the last. Deeply
interested, as he professes to be, in this important
arm of the public service, you see him still quar-
reling with the Senate, and hanging on to this
bill in the fast expiring hours of the session, i
will hot dwell further upon this point. Suffice it
to say the bill flujud m the manner I have stated:
"Mr. Lctcher. 1 riM! to a question of puvilegc. I am
inhtruetcd bv tiie committee of conference on the disagree-
ment of the two Houses relative to the action of the Sen-
ate on the Post Ofhee appiopriation bill, to make a repoit.
" The report was read, as tollows :
4-'The committee of conference on the di-agreement be
tweon the two Houses on the i evolutions adopted bj them,
respectively, m relation to the action ot the llouse on the
Semite's amendments to the bill (H. II. $'r2) ni.ikui'x appuj-
pnationi> for defraying the expenses of the I'o-t Ofhoe De-
partment tor the year ending the Uwth ol June, ISfiO, liavmg
met, alter full and free conference have asie< d as tollows.
That while neither House is undei^tood to waive any con-
stitutional right which they may respectively constdeuo be-
long to tiiem, it be recommended to the Hou^e to pass the
accompanying bill, and that the Senate coneui in the same
when if shall be sent to them.
CHARLES E. STUAltT,
J. A. PEARCE,
SOLOMON rcoT.
Managers or< the part of (ho Senate.
J. LETCHER,
L. OT5. BRANCH,
GALUS11A A GROW,
Managers on the part of the Housed
Mr. GROW. The gentleman will allow me to
say that a bill passed the House before that, and
was sent to the Senate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know.
Mr. GROW. I only wanted the whole record
to be produced.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The bill repor#d
by the committee of conference here follows, but
it is xmnecessary that I should read it.
The following proceedings were had upon that
report:
" The bill was read a first and second time.
" Mi. Letcher demanded the previous question upon
its engrossment and third reading.
"The previous question was seconded, and the main
question oidered to be put.
"Mr Mason. I call for the yeas and nays upon the en-
grossment.
•'Mr, Letcher. Jt is now eleven o'clock. There i«s but
one hoar of the session lert, and tho Senate has yet to act
upon the bill. I hope the yeas and nays will not be oidered.
''Mr. Mason. 1 see there is> an appiopriation of about
two million do! law for building houses all over the country.
I insist on my call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
" Mr. Mason, i call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
" Telleis were not ordered.
"Mr. Mason. I call for tellers on the question.
" Tellers* were not ordered.
"'The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was"lead the third time, and
passed.
"iVIt. Lltchek moved to recon^idcr the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
iceon^ider on the table.
twThe latter motion was agreed to.3>
So you sec that tho proposition of the gentle-
man delayed action upon this bill until within
one hour of the adjournment, and we passed tho
bill within that hour. The Senate, incumbered
already with the load of business before it, had
also to act upon it. The result was that the bill
foiled—failed by the opposition of Mr. Toombs,
it is said. But it tailed, as it was expected to tail
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I have no
sort of doubt. Its failure was the aet of that
gentleman; and if he expects to make capital out
of it for the benefit of himself and his party, I
hypo this exposition will vender the hope futile,
and place the responsibility where it properly
belongs.
1 have had occasion to r«dcr to this .subject on
several occasions before; and I now repeat,' that
then4 was a bill, upon the last day of the session,
providing for can vm^ on this very meritorious
branch of the public service; and tho gentleman
from PennsyUanni, at that hour, undertook to
raiso a constitutional question, A second " Daniel
come to judgment" undertakes to set up his voice
against the judgment of the (JnitedStates Senate.
He .said the Senate had not the power which it had
asserted and exercised, and he introduced a prop-
osition, the effect of which was to leave this branch
of tho public service in its present embarrassed
condition. [ say, then, that he is responsible to
the country, as well as to those persons immedi-
ately interested, for the grand catastrophe or result
that has occurred.
Mr. BRANCH. It was my fortune, during the
last session of Congress, to "be on tin- committee
of conference that had charge of the disagreeing
votevS of the two Houses on the Post Office bill.
The commit toe, on the part of the House, was
composed of the gentleman fiom Virginia—tho
Governor elect of that State-—(Mr, Letcher,) the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow,] and myself; and T may say to the House
that nothing could have .surprised me more than
to hear, the day before yesterday, the loud lam-
entation that was made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania over the loss of that bill, and the
present unhappy fate of the mail contractors! of
the country.
My friend from Virginia lias stated very well a
large part of the history of that bill. 1 had an
opportunity of having some pecuhai knowledge
on the subject; and I say here, in tho presence of
tlm House, in the presence of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania himself, and where it may be known
and heard by the mail contractors of the country,
that that gentleman, and he alone, is responsible
for the defeat of the bill making appropriations
for the support of the Post Office Department for
the present year. The gentleman from Virginia has
caused to be read a resolution offcied by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, by which, when we
received that appropriation bill from the Senate,
he proposed to s>nd it back, and he and his party
succeeded in wilding it back into the teeth of the
Senate. The pretense on which that resolution
was passed 
Mr. GROW. I suppose the gentleman does
not mean exactly to say that the Senate sent us
any bill ? It was our own bill that was returned.
Mr. BRANCH. Yes. Wo passed a bill making
appropriations for tho support of the Post Office
Department. That bill went to the Senate. The
Senate, in the exercise of its constitutional powers
and rights, amended that bill in many particulars;
and, among other things, inserted a proviso for
the increase of the rates of postage. When the
bill and amendments came before the House, the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania offered
the resolution that has been read. The ground
on which it was proposed to return the bill was,
that the Senate had transcended its constitutional
powers in inserting a proviso which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania construed to be a pro-
vision for raising revenue.
Now, Mr. Clerk, without intending to impeach
the motives of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I say, and I think I can show, that that was not
the real motive which tho honorable gentleman
had in offering that resolution. I undertake to
say, and I think I can show, that the object which
he had in view was to defeat the bill, in order to
compel tho President of tho United States to call
Congress together in extra session, so that he
and his friends might, at an earlier day than they
otherwise could, get control of the organization of
the House.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. BRANCH. Let me complete my state-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, ofViiginia, I wish it understood
that I would rather hear the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania speak in his own time. I do not want
to publish his remarks. It is enough for me to
publish my own. Let the gentleman from North
Caiolina go on.
Mr. BRANCH. I think I can show that the
real object of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and of his friends on this floor, was to defeat the
Post Office appropriation bill, in order that the
President of the United States might be obliged
to call Congress together, and that they might
thereby, at an early day, get control of the organ-
ization of the House. And why do I think so5
Why do T say that the charge of the Senate's
having transcended its constitutional power was
a pretense? I say so becausc the resolution,
passed by the Senate of the United States, and
sent to this House in response to that which has
ben read, indicated clearly that the Senate would
not insist on its amendment increasing the postage.
Here is tho lesolution. It was offered by a Sen-
atoi, whoso name and fame are as intimately con-
nected with the Senate, as tho name and fame of
any other member of that body. Mr. Crittf.k-
drv, of Kentucky, offered the following resolu-
tion; which was passed:
"Tho House ot Representatives having communicated
to the Senate a resolution m the following woids, to wn:
<k 'Resolved, That Tfoui-e bill (No. 872) making appropna-
tion<; lor defraying the expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the >eai ending 30th June, I860, with the Senate
amendments thereto, be ictmned to the Senate, as section
thirteen of said amendments is in the natuie of a icvcnue
bill.'
u Resolved by the Senate of the United States. That the
Senate and House being, of uglit, equally competent eacli
to judge rvf the propriety arid constitutionality ot' it1? own
action, the Senate has exeicised said right in its action on
the amendments sent to the House, leaving to the House
its lisht to adopt or lcject each of said amendments at its
pica-sue.
'• Resolved* That this resolution be communicated to tho
Ilon-e of liepicsentatives. and thai Hie bill and amend-
ment^ at'oie-cucf be transmitted theiewitl>.;5
Now, I fcdy that this lcsolution, on the face of
it, conveyed the information to tho House that
all tho Senate asked of it was that the House
should not cast an insult on the Senate; should
not throw this bill back into their teeth, but should
relieve them of the parliamentary discourtesy
which, as every man knows, was implied m the
resolution which tho honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania had offered, and which the House
had adopted. If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had been anxious to pass the bill for the
support of the Post Office Department, and to save
the mail contractors from ruin, he had notice in
tho very terms of the resolution that all he had to
do was to take up the amendments and let the
House disagree to that which proposed to increase
the rates of postage. The Senate would have
