3152
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
fined, at the discretion of any court having cognizance of
the same, in any sum not exceeding $500, and be impris-
oned not exceeding two years."
The House objected to this as being penal and
incongruous to the bill. From this amendment
the committee recommend the Senate to recede.
They recommend also the concurrence of the
Senate in the House amendment to the fourth
amendment of the Senate, with amendments. I
have read that already. They relate to fortifica-
tions. The House has passed a fortification bill,
appropriating $675,000; but the Senate put upon
this Army bill appropriations for fortifications to
the amount of over one million and one hundred
thousand dollars; I think $1,140,000. We have
reduced those appropriations to something like
$65,000 more than the sum appropriated in the
House bill, and have distributed the reduction
among the different fortifications, as seemed best
to the committee, and as I read them to the
Senate.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the sixth and seventh amendments pf the Senate,
and agree to the same with amendments. Those
sixth and seventh amendments relate to the con-
struction of a military post in or near the valley
of the Red River of the North, and for the con-
struction of barracks and quarters at Fort Cobb.
The agreement in regard to them is that they shall
be stricken out, and in lieu of them the commit-
tee provide for an estimate of plans and a survey
to be submitted to the next session of Congress.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's amendments from the fourteenth to
the forty-sixth inclusive. Those relate to forti-
fications that I have just mentioned.
The next is the fifty-second amendment. That
is an amendment in relation to the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, to which the House made an
amendment, reducing the term of study to four
years. The recommendation of the committee
of conference in regard to them is, that both the
amendments of the House and the Senate be
stricken out, and that a commission be substi-
tuted, as I have already said to the Senate.
The forty-ninth, fiftieth, and fifty-first amend-
ments stand on the same footing. They are three
amendments which relate to the payment of vol-
unteers called out in Iowa, in Texas, and in New
Mexico. They are agreed to, with the amend-
ment which I have read to the Senate, and which
provides that the payments made to them shall be
only while they were jii actual military service.
I believe 1 have now gone through wall ali the
amendments.
Mr. RICE. I shall be obliged to the honor-
able Senator if he will inform me in regard to the
position of the amendment relating to Fort Pem-
bina. What do the committee of conference rec-
ommend in regard to that?
Mr. PEARCE. We recommended to strikeout
the appropriation for that and for Fort Cobb, and
to substitute in lieu thereof:
For surveys and selection of siies, and for plans and es-
timate* for military posts on or near the valley of tlie Red
River of ilie Noil!), ln-twon Uie loity ^uihund forty-ninth
degrees of tioith latitude, ami at or near Foit Cobb", m the
Indian territory, $j,000; and that aiepoit thereof unlade
thereon to the m xt session of foiiyies*.
Mr. RICK. Is any part of that for the selec-
tion of the site?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir. I will remark to the
Senate I hat no definite information had brim fur-
nished the committee of the Senate or of the House,
or the committee of conference, in regard to the
extent and plan of the. establishments which it
was proposed to erect in those two places. All
the information we had was exceedingly indefinite
and va^tie, and it was thought proper that we
should he furnished with definite information on
the subject before we legislate, and give authority
by legislation to construct them. For that pur-
pose this amendment was made.
Mr. RICE. I shall not interpose any objection
to this report. I do not suppose that it would
avail anything. I merely wish to say to the Sen-
ate that the Government commenced twelve years
ago sending expeditions to the Red River of the
jNorth to select a site, and the Government lias
already expended some $50,000 in that business.
Year after year we send out there to examine the
country and select a site, and have expended a
great deal of money in sending troops there and
in transportation and bringing them back, be-
cause there was no fortresa there' to winter them
other ]
,\j
in; and lam inclined to think we shall wait twelve
years longer before any information is furnished
to enable Congress to act upon the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (H, R. No. 365) for the relief of Josiah
Atkins;
A bill (H. R. No. 423) for the relief of Philip
B. Holmes and William Pedrich;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to incorporate the East
Washington Library Association; and
A bill (H. R. No. 663) to authorize divorces
in the District of Columbia, and for othe/ pur-
poses.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No.
304) inviting proposals for carrying the entire
mail between the Atlantic and Pacific States in
one line; the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Polk, to strike out the second section
of the amendment offered by Mr. Latiiam.
Mr. HEMPHILL. There is no reason why
this second section should not be stricken out. It
proposes that the contractors on a route which
starts from St. Louis and from Memphis, should
be authorized to carry the mail from Vicksburg
or New Orleans instead of from St. Louis and
Memphis. Now, there is no necessity for this
line going down to New Orleans, because there is
a line on that route there which has been there
for a number of years, from New Orleans to El
Paso, which carries the United States mail for
that distance towards the Pacific. That route now
connects with the main overland line at El Paso,
and why should the main overland line be brought
from St. Louis down to New Orleans, there being
one route there already ? There is no reason why
this should come down to overslaugh the exist-
ing route.
That latter is a much older line than the one
from St. Louis to the Pacific. The route—8076,
as it is called—was commenced from San Antonio
to El i'aso m 1853. The contractors were the
pioneeis of all the overland routes in the country.
I do not intend to depreciate the Butterfield over-
land route, but they are not really the pioneers.
Their line runs over no portion of territory, ex-
cept for a few hundred miles, over which mails
had not run before. The country from Camp
Cooper to Camanche Springsliad not been passed
over by a mail line befoie, but by far the longer
portion of the route had been passed over by
routes previously established.
The route from San Antonio to El Paso origin-
ally and subsequently to San Diego, was the pio-
neer mail route. There have been no failures on
this route from its stait to the present tune; and
it is believed that there has not. been a trip in which
the time has not been not only hours but days
within the schedule.
I rose simply to let the Senate understand, if
there be any Senators here who do not know the
facts, that there is an existing mail service between
New Orleans and El Paso; that the contractor on
route 807(>, from El Paso to Kan Antonio, in
Texas, transported the mail with great celerity,
making seven hundred miles in five days and some
hours; that, to expedite the through mail, he em-
ploys, at his own expense, an express between
New Orleans and San Antonio; and thus, by his
energy and public spnif, he succeeds in placing
the mail mattei ftom the Pacific in the city of
New Orleans at a date as early as it can reach St.
Louis.
Some slurs have been east on the route. It has
been said that the revenue has been very small from
it; but from an appendix or table to a speech of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Latham,] made
m the Senate some time since, it appears that it
carries a very considerable number of letters; and
the increase of letters shows that if this route had
anything like the chance it ought to have had, and
had a fair and equal showing with the Butterfield
route, the letters would have been much more
equally distributed between them than they have
been. For instance: in November the letters from
New Orleans by way of this route were only
one hundred and forty rime. About that time, or
a little after that time, there was an order sent by
the Post Office Department to the postmasters at
San Francisco and New Orleans, that they should
make a separate letter bag to be sent by this route
from one end to the other; and after that, when
the letters that ought to have been sent by that
route, were sen t in a separate letter bag, the amount
commenced immediately to increase; and instead
of being one hundred and forty-nine in Novem-
ber, theyincreasedinJanuary toonc thousand and
eighty-one; in February to two thousand two hun-
dred and fifty-eight; and in March to two thou-
sand six hundred and fourteen. Now, this is a
line which runs but weekly, whereas the Butter-
field line, which connects with this at El Paso,
runs semi-weekly from their point of junction to
St. Louis, and thus has a decided advantage over
the weekly line. I have 110 doubt if that route had
run semi-weekly in the same way with the But-
terfield route, the terminus of the lower line being
at New Orleans, it would have carried an equal
number of letters with -the upper route.
I make these remarks merely to show that there
is no reason why this second section should re-
main in the bill, or why these contractors should
come down on the New Orleans route.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a single word in
answer to the Senator from Missouri m regard to
this Butterfield route. I want to deal honestly
and honorably by these gentlemen; but 1 want
contracts, as well as all other properties, to be
holden subject to the necessities of the * ublic ser-
vice. They have got no vested rights in that
contract that ought to be regarded any more sa-
credly than the right by which any man holds
his real estate. The idea of a vested right in a
contract which sets itself up above the public ne-
cessity, the public demand, the public use, I say,
with all respect to the honorable Senator, is an
idea that does not belong to to-day. It is one of
those old dogmas of the past that are buried out
of sight, and ought to be. Everything, in a Gov-
ernment of law, should be held subject to the
emergencies of the public service.
Nor, sir, have I so much sympathy for these
gentlemen as to cause me to overlook the lights
of others. Is no regard'to be paid to those who
I hold the contract of which the honorable Senator
j from Texas has spoken ? They, in fact, were the
; pioneers. They went over this continent. They
; were theowneis that first demonstrated thefeasi-
I bility and the practicability of an overland mail
: from the Atlantic to the Pacific; and they were
j there m successful operation, and this gigantic
I corporation, this Overland Mail Company, that is
i set at the head of these great interests, that must
! be pleased before Congiess can pass an act, the
! Vunderbilt company, and the Ocean Steam Com-
i pany—I say this great gigantic company came
| down and took the ground that had first been
i occupied by this other company, and crowded
[ them off and drove them off until thoy left but a
i very small piece; and now you propose, by the
modification of this contract, to come down and
crowd them still further, and that, too, without
any compensation at all. You really take from
the men who have the most, the men who have
taken it when it was ically a hazardous enter-
prise, that went on and established it, ail their
contract and all their franchises and everything
they have had,and give them nothing atall. You
wipe them out, as if they were a nuisance that
stood in the way, and magnify the Butterfield con-
tractors; so that, notwithstanding the public ne-
cessity demands that they should be removed,
and you offer to pay them just exactly what they
say they are willing to take, it is said you cannot
do it even then.
Now, sir, I do not want that doctrine. I set
as much by the public faith as the honorable Sen-
ator does. I set as much by good morals as he
does. I set as much by the constitutional obli-
gations which should bind every Senator upon
this floor, J hope.ashedoes; and 1 live ina State,
I think, where the judiciary administer the law
with as much reference to all these things as they
do in any State in this Union. But, sir, it has
been the settled law of the State, settled by the
highest judicial tribunals in my State long ago,
I that there was no contract of any character that
