1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
receded from it, and the bill would have been
passed.
Mr, GROW. Did not tho House afterwards*
by a unanimous vote, pass a new bill making ap-
propriations for the Post OiSce Department, and
send it to the Senate?
Mr. BRANCH. X repeat that the honorable gen-
tleman from Pcnnsylvaniahad notice in thatresolu-
tion ofthc Senate thatali that the Senate objected to
was the insult implied in the action of the House.
If the Houiie had taken up the amendments and
disagreed to the one increasing tho rates of post-
age, the Senate would have receded, and would
have passed the bill in the form acceptable to the
House.
I do not intend to divulge anything that oc-
curred in the committee of conference; but 1 assert
here, that the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vaniaknewthen, and knows now, that if the House
had taken up the bill and disagreed to that amend-
ment, the Senate would have receded from it unan-
imously. I assert that, with a knowledge of that
fact; with the knowledge that if we would only
p ursue thatcoursc, tho bill would become a law; the
gentlemanfrom Pennsylvania persisted in refusing
to adopt that course, and insisted on compelling
the Senate to swallow an insult or to reject the
bill. I assert it here, in the presence of the gen-
tleman, and I challenge contradiction, that the gen-
tleman knew that all the Senate asked was "that
the House would take up the bill and disagree to
the Senate's amendment, and then the Senate was
ready to reccde from that amendment.
Moreover, Mr. Clerk, I have another proof.
The gentleman asserted that his reason for refus-
ing to take the bill from the table was because the
Senate had transcended its constitutional author-
ity in inserting that amendment. I ask the gen-
tleman why it was that he voted against the bill
before it went to the Senate, and before the Senate
had ever put that amendment on K? That is a
point that I want understood by the House, and
by the mail contractors of the country—that when
the bill making appropriations for the support of
the Post Office Department, was pending before
the House, on the 26th of February, before it had
ever been to the Senate, or had any unconstitu-
tional amendment upon it, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and the whole body of his friends,
with two exceptions, voted against the bill and
-rejected it. But two members on that side of the
House voted for its passage. Where was all their
sympathy for the mail contractors then 3 How
was it that some of this tenderness of conscience
that they feel now, some of this ardent sensibility
that seems to be actuating the gentleman from
Pennsylvania now, was not felt then? There was
no Senate amendment on the bill then; and yet a
clean bill, perfected in Committee of the Whole
of this House, and with no provisions in it but
such as had been inserted by a majority of the
House, was rejected by that gentleman and his
XnendSj but two members of the Republican party
voting ni favor of it, and the gentleman fromPonn-
sylvania, and the present candidate of the other
side for Speaker, voting against it! The bill then
stood rejected. The Democratic side oft he House,
anxious to make provision for the support of the
Government, and for the relief of the mail con-
tractors of the country, moved a reconsideration
of the bill; it was brought before the House by a
reconsideration,and the House again voted on it.
And, sir, upon that second vote—the bill being
still without any amendment from the Senate, for
it had never been to the Senate—the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the Republican candidate for
Speaker at this time, and the whole body of the
Republican party, with but seven exceptions,
again voted against the passage of the bill! They
voted against it the second time after it had been
announced that, having been once reconsidered,
another motion to reconsider would not be in or-
der, and that, if rejected then, it would have to
stand rejected altogether. All this, Mr. Clerk,
occurred before the bill had been to the Senate.
If the object of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
was to prevent the Senate from encroaching upon
the prerogatives of the House—if that was his
sole object in having Ins resolution passed—what
reason can he give to the mail contractors of the
country for having voted against the bill twice be-
fore the Senate amendment had been put upon it-
Now, I think I am jusufiable, in the fa^c of
these facts m sayfng that the design which the i
gentleman had in view was to kill the bill, and that
the motive and the object that he had was to com-
pel the President to call Congress together shortly
after the 4th of March. Why, who of those of
us who were here iji the last Congress, and were
ii> this Hall on the last night of the session, has
forgotten with what frantic vehemence, when a
conference committee was applied for by the Sen-
ate and was about to be appointed, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania got up and resisted it, until
he had an assurance that the bill itself could not
go to the committee ? So much was he afraid that
the committee of conference would agree upon
some bill that could pass and become a law, and
that the cherished object of himself and his friends
to have an extra session would thus be defeated,
that he stood here, just before daybreak on the
4th of March last, and resisted to the very utter-
most allowing the committee of conference to have
possession ot the bill.
Now, I say—and I think I am justifiable in
saying—that the most surprising thing I have wit-
nessed on this floor is the attempt of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to hold" this side of the
House responsible for the defeat of that bill, when
the records of the country show that ho himself
is responsible for its defeat; and that he and his
party are alone responsible now to the country
and to the mail contractors for the failure of the
Government to meet its obligations.
Nor is this, sir, all the proof. We all remem-
ber that when they had succeeded in defeating the
bill, and they knew full well that their course
would defeat it, and the President undertook to
carry on the Department without calling Congress
together—has any gentleman m this House for-
gotten how they 'denounced tho Postmaster Gen-
j cral, the President, and the whole Administration,
i for issuing ecrtitkates, that method having been
| i esorted to as a means of relieving the mail eon-
i tractors from the consequences of th^ act of the
■ gentleman from Pennsylvania and his friends5
They denounced the President and everybody
connected with the Administration as being guilty
of usurpation of power, and a violation of law,
because m their anxiety to relieve the mail con-
tractors from the danger and embarrassment which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had brought
uponjhem, they were endeavoring to issue cer-
tificates under which the mail contractors might
raise money.
I conclude, Mr. Clerk, with a repetition of my
question to the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and
1 hope he will answer it before the House, and to
the satisfaction of the country: if his motive m
defeating that bill was to prevent the Senate from
usurping a part of the prerogatives of this House,
why was it that he voted against the bill twice
before the amendment of the Senate had ever been
put upon it ?
I return my thanks to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia for Jus courtesy in affording mo an oppor-
tunity nf submitting these remarks.
Mr. GROW addressed the Clerk.
Mr. SMlTH, of Virginia. Oh, no; I cannot
allow the gentleman to make lus speech witlun
mine.
Mr. GROW After we have had two speeches
1 upon one' side, is no respon.se to be permitted?
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 want lo publish
i my speech, and, of course, 1 cannot publish the
| debates of the House in it. The gentleman knows
j I cannot do it. He must sec that he has plenty
to answer, if he should take a whole day to it.
Mr. GROW. Then, if this system is to be
! pursued, I shall object to any more farming out
I of the floor. The gentleman from North Carolina
has gone on, and made the argument of the gen-
tleman from Virginia over again.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
occupies an extraordinary position, for he would
not himself allow any one to have the floor to
answer him the other day.
Mr GROW. I made no objection.
Mr. LRANOH. 1 hope, in pistiee torn-, that
the gentleman from Virginia will allow the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to proceed.
Mr. SMITH., of Virginia, i cannot do it in
justice to anybody.
Mr. BRANCH. Let it be the understanding
that these speeches shall not be published in his.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia I am going to pub-
i lish my speech, and, of course, 1 shall have to
publish the interpolations.
Mr.GROW. I shall objcct to the^exMeman's
yielding the floor again, unless he yields it un-
conditionally. ' ,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia yield the floor for a motion to
proceed to a ballot for Speaker ?
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I object. • It cannot be '
done. The floor is not to be formed out in this
way. I object, unless he yields the floor uncon-
ditionally. *
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Does the gentle-
man from Virginia yield for my motion?
The CLER11. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania objects to the gentleman from Virginia
yielding the floor for any purpose unless he yields
it unconditionally.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am certainly the
last man who would have to defend himself against
a charge of discourtesy. Rut after the very elab-
orate, able, and conclusive speech of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania must feel assured that, if 1 yield to
him, he will have to make an elaborate speech also.
Mr. GROW. I only want a few minutes to
reply to the gentleman's whole speech; but I do
not want it by the courtesy of any gentleman. I
do not want to hold the floor liable to bo taken
from me at any moment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will give the gen-
tleman a few minutes.
Mr. GROW. I do notpropose to interfere with
the gentleman's argument. I merely proposed
to state a proposition of parliamentary law. I
am perfectly willing that the gentleman should
finish his argument.
Mr. SMllTI, of Virginia. 1 understand tho
gentleman wants a few minutes. Howlongdoes
he want, as an act of courtesy ?
Mr. GROW. I merely want just now to read
the parliamentary law upon which wo act, for the
information of the House,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.' I will publish it
with my speech.
Mr. GROW. That would not answer the pur-
pose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will thegentleman
take ten or fifteen minutes?
Mr. GROW. About fifteen minutes, I sup-
pose. I am willing to throw myself on the indul-
gence of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I understand
the gentleman appeals to me to yield to him for
fifteen minutes?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman docs not under-
stand me. I desire to reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Noith Carolina. If the gentle-
man will yield the floor, 1 will do it now. if not,
I shall cnclcavor to do it when he shall have con-
cluded.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I prefer
not to yield, without restriction, to thegentleman.
Do I understand that the gentleman prefers to
reply now ?
Mr. GROW. 1 do not want the gentleman to
yield to me unless he does it a sufficient tune to
reply to the gentleman from North Carolina, If
he will yield, of course, I should prefer to reply
now.
Mr. KJLGORE. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield to me to move that the House
take another ballot. He can then have the floor
again on Monday, and will have more time to
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to reply
to the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. GROW. I want it understood that I do
not ask the gentleman from Virginia to yield the
floor so that he will not be entitled to il again.
Mr. SMtTH, of Virginia. I understand the
proposition of the gentleman to be, that I shall
yield now for a vote for Speaker, and that I shall
then resume the floor and go on this evening, or
on the day to which the House shall adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I want it distinctly
understood that I enter my protest against any
gentleman retaining the floor for three or four
days. The gentleman from Virginia has had the
floor a day or t\yo, at least; and I prefer that he
shall finish his remarks to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, I yield
for the purpose of a vote, if that is the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana* [Mr. Kil-
'*ohf ,1
