246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
Mr. KILGORE. I move, then, that the House
proceed to vote.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
will recollect that, if he yields the floor for the i
purpose which he indicates, he cannot resume it, j
as a matter of course, when the general discussion I
is resumed. If it be the general consent of the ;
House that the gentleman shall be entitled to the |
floor when the House shall again resume discus-
sion, the desk will so regard it. If there be no
objection, the Clerk will regard that as the under-
standing of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virgii ia. The House has
already expressed its conscit.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ilhnoi:. I object. I do not
believe that a ballot to-day v ill result in any good.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman yield,
to enable me to make a motion that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move, then, that the
House adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The motion to ad-
journ is in order; but I object to the gentleman from
Virginia yielding the floor unless he yields it alto-
gether; and if he yields it altogether, I claim it for
the purpose of making some remarks.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will go on and finish his remarks
to-day. There are other gentlemen who desire to
occupy it. I desire to speak myself.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The motion is, I
understand, that the House adjourn.
The CLERK. The Cleik will state what the
question is. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Ki;itt] moves that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gartrei.i,] moves
that the House now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that, the motion to adjourn being pending,
it is not in order, under parliamentary law, to
move to adjourn to a particular day: 1 read from
page 131 of the Manual:
u A motion to adjourn simply cannot he amended, as by
adding ' to ;i particniai (hty,1 l>ut mu t bo put Mmply, ' tb.it
tlmllousc do now adjourn;' and, ii' rained in the utluill-
ative, it adjourned to the next fitting day."
I say, therefore, that when a motion is made to
adjourn, the motion cannot be made to adjourn to
a particular day.
Mr. WHITELEY. A san answer to the gen-
tleman, I will read from the Manual of the House
of Representatives:
It has t>CMi decided and acW upon, that undoi thN
rule, " a motion to Si\ the da\ to winch the IIou-.c shall
adiouur take-* puredeneo of a motion that the [Iou-.e ad-
journ. The reiuon oftliiM decision h that, before the ihxi^-o
adjourned, it p oj>-«j to fix tho tunc to winch it should
adjourn."
Air. GROW. Tlio gentleman lias read, not
from the Manual, but from the rales of the House,
which nre not m force now.
Mr. WHITELEY. it is from the 48th rule,
and is both a rule and a parliamentary law.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. X withdraw my
objection; and I hope the gentleman will also
withdraw his motion to adjourn.
Mi. GARTRELL. I will withdraw my motion
if we can have a ballot.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
will proex ed with his remarks. There are other
gentlemen who desire to address the House. He
has already occupied the greater part of the day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will not .say that I have consumed a greater
purl of this day.
Mr. PRYOR. i hope the gentleman will con-
clude his remarks to-day. I boheve ho has nearly
finished his course of argument.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have not begun.
Mr. PRYOR. Well, sir, I hope my colleague
will go on with his remarks to-day, then. I have
been so much entranced with them that I could
willingly sit eight or ten houts more, and I think
we may reasonably expect that the gentleman's
small beginning will be completed in that time.
I do not know that I have greater powers of en-
durance than other gentkmen. At any rate, I
prefer that when a gentleman obtains the floor,
his speech should not be like the campaigns of
the old Austrian generals—beginning one year,
and concluding several yearsafterwards. 1 think a !
specch should be, as the classical dramatists said, '
all of a unity—of time, place, and action. I hope,
iu contravention of all motions of order, that my
colleague from Virginia may bp permitted to go
on, consecutively and continuously, to the con*
elusion of his speech, so that it may have the
effect of unity of action.
Mr. KILGORE. I move that the House now
proceed to ballot for Speaker.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman yield for
that purpose?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir; if it is the
general wish. /
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object; if the gentleman
is to be entitled to the floor on Monday.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would inquire under what
rule of parliamentary law does the Clerk decide,
that the objection of one member can control tile
action of the House ?
The CLERK. The Clerk makes no decision
upon that point; butfor the information of gentle-
men the Clerk will state 
Mr. KUNKEL. Docs not the wish and voice
of the lex majoris of this unorganized body conti ol
its action upon all questions, whether of order or
proceedings ?
The CLERK!. Clerk will state that he
understands by the parliamentary law that when
a gentleman yields the floor, he yields it entirely;
but by the courtesy of parliamentary bodies, he
may yield it for a particular purpose, and be again
entitled to it when the House resumes the discus-
sion.
Mr. KUNKEL. I understand that, and con-
sent will of couise establish the law; but I insist
that if it be the wish of a majority of this body
now to proceed to vote, and that afterwards the
floor shall be assigned to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, it is competent for this House thus to order,
and therefore I renew the motion that the House
now proceed to a vote for Speaker.
Mr. GROW. The Manual says:
" When a member stands up to speak, no question is to
be put, but he is to bo hcaid, unless the House ovenulc
him.
" If two or more rise to speak nearly together, the Spcakei
determines who was first up, and calls bun by name ;
whereupon lie proceeds, unless he voluntarily sits down,
and give* way to the other."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania afterJ We arc acting
here in rather a social way, [laughter,] and I ask
no other than the common civilities of social life
from gentlemen upon this floor. I am ready to
go on, or to yield to a motion to adjourn. I do
not wish to oppose the general sentiment of the
House.
Mr. GROW. I did not read the Manual m
order to preventthegentleman from Viiginia from
going on, oi' anything of the kind; but the gen-
tleman from Maryland made reference to the
powers of the House upon tins question, and as
the Clerk was speaking to it, 1 read the Manual
for the information of the House, without intend-
ing to interfere with the gentleman from Virginia
at all.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I will say I have no ob-
jection to the taking of a ballot now; but I desire
to have it taken with the understanding that the
gentleman from Virginia shall not be entitled to
the floor on Monday unless he can get it. I am
disposed to act with entire courtesy toward the
gentleman from Virginia; but he has already oc-
cupied a greater portion of the day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
entirely mistaken. I did not commence speaking
until two o'clock, and the gentleman from North
; Carolina and others ha\e occupied half the time
: since then.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I prefer that the
gentleman should go on and finish his speech to-
day, in order to give other gentlemen an oppor-
tunity to speak. Some gentlemen who desire to
be heaid, have not been heard at all. But I am
not disposed to adhere to my objection if it is
against the general sense of the House.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. Let us vote then.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish to say a few words
in justice to myself, explanatory of the few re-
marks I made the other day. [Laughter.] The
I newspaper press have caught up some few words
' which 1 am represented to have said, in reference
: to the organization of this House. All who know
me, I trust, know that I am no bargainer, and no
manager in making bargains. I have ho friend
for whom I wish to provide in this House. But
I did make a suggestion the other day, as to the
mode in which 1 thought it possible this House
might be organized, if it was ever organized. I
stand by it yet. I think it was a sensible sug-
gestion; but gentlemen may think otherwise. I
will say, in addition, that I see no reason or pro-
priety m repeating a ballot to-day for Speaker,
when it can result m no election.
Mr. KILGORE. Let us try it.
Mr. HILL. If you do, you must have a call
of the House; and if all members arc not present,
you will not be permitted to take a vote. But
why do you want a vote when you can accom-
plish nothing by it? I have written home to my
overseer to give my slaves one week at Christ-
mas, and I think we should be entitled to as
much. [Laughter.]
I rise to second the motion of the gentleman
| from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] that we ad-
; journ over until Tuesday next. I appeal to the
good nature and common sense of the House to
sustain the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. KEITT. I will make it Tuesday week.
Mr. HILL. Well, Tuesday week, or Wednes-
day week, if you say so; and that will enable
: our northern friends to eat a New Year's dinner
at home.
Mr. KEITT. I will modify my motion to
Wednesday next.
Mr. HILL. I second the motion.
Mr. GROW demanded the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[Cries of " Withdraw the motion !"]
Mr. KEITT. I will modify my motion, and
make it Tuesday next. That will satisfy the
House. [Cries of "No!" "No!" from the
Republican side.]
Mr. OLIN demanded the yeas and nays.
The vcas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the House
, do now adjourn.
I Mr. WHITELEY. I rise to a point of order,
j Under the parliamentary law a motion to adjourn
| to a particular day takes precedence of a motion
I to adjourn.
I The CLERK. The Clerk so understands.
Mr. GROW. If that were so the House never
could adjourn, because members could keep mak-
ing motions to adjourn over. A motion to adjourn
i is in order at all times.
| The CLERK. The Clerk understands the law
i to be that, before voting to adjourn, the House has
: a right to fix the time to which it shall adjourn.
[ Air. GROW. Under the rules of the House
! that is so; but under the parliamentary law mo-
; tions to adjourn arc in order at all times; other-
! wise an adjournment might be impossible.
| Mr. BONHAM. But where the motion ^ to
: adjourn is not before the House, then the motion
to'adjourn over is in order.
Mr. GROW. Under the parliamentary law all
motions arc debatable. Then, if a motion to ad-
| journ could not be put at any time, Parliament
might be kept in session indefinitely. Under the
j rules of the House, a motion to adjourn is not
i debatable: therefore motions to fix the time to
which the House shall adjourn are put first,
i Mr. BONHAM. But the motion submitted
| here is to adjourn to a particular day; and the
motion to adjourn is, I understand, not before the
I House.
Mr. GROW. Oh yes; it was made by the gen-
I tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
j Mr. BONHAM. I was not aware of that,
j Mr. HASK1N. I move to proceed to a ballot
I for Speaker.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from South
Carolina withdraw his motion to adjourn to Tues-
, day next?
i Mr. KEITT. I do.
; The question being on the motion to adjourn,
i Mr. C0NKL1NG called for the yeas and nays,
j Mr. CRAWFORD. I prefer to let a ballot be
! taken, first having a call of the House. I with-
j draw the motion to adjourn,
j Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that there be a
i call of the House.
i The motion was agreed to. *
