3154:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
been entered into for ninety-nine years, would
any man say that the Government that granted
the charter of incorporation would be bound to
sacrifice the public interest in order that this com-
pany might carry on a mud turnpike road across
this continent for ninety-nine years, in despite of
the discovery of macadamized roads, and then of
railroads ? Surely not.
Suppose that a Government is vested with a
right of establishing courts, and that it declares
that there shall be a supreme court and other
subordinate courts; and that subsequently the
Government finds, that one of these subordinate
courts is not of any use, but rather of detriment
to the public interests; you cannot displace one
of the judges, except by impeachment, if he was
elected during good behavior; but every lawyer
knows that you may repeal the law establishing
the court. Could he sue the Government? No;
because the Government cannot be sued. But
would he have any equity in coming to ask the
Government to pay him salary from that time ?
No; such a thing was ever done.
I say, then, that all these matters of exercising
the prerogative franchises of a Government, such
as administering justice,of enforcing and constru-
ing the laws, of making money, carrying the mails,
transporting troops, military and i.aval stores—
all these matters are understood to be under the
direct control of the political power of the coun-
try; and when the political power appoints an
agent for doing that, it is not the subject of con-
tract, because'jiolitical power is not the subject
of contract. Congress may establish post offices
and post roads. Congress may declare that from
St. Louis to El Paso there shall be a post road,
and make a contract with Mr. Butterfield to carry
the mails at a certain price there; and as long as
Congress allows that to remain a post road, he
has a right to carry the mails at the stipulated
price; but Congress has the right, at any time, to
abolish that post road; and the moment it does,
ipso facto, his contract falls upon the signing of
tlie bill by the President.
The great mistake that we have fallen into about
this matter of post offices and post roads and con-
tracts, about which this Government has been an-
noyed so much, is that we do not draw the dis-
tinction, as it occurs to me, that I have already
stated: that political power is not the subject of
contract. It is not possible that you can hold any
vested property right in political power, and there-
fore you cannot contract about it. Vou cannot
establish a man a judge without the right of re-
pealing the act establishing him. If the Govern-
ment has a right to establish courts, they have the
right to repeal the act establishing those courts;
but till you have repealed it, you can not displace
him. If you establish a post road, and agree that
a man shall carry the mails upon it, then that con-
tract is binding until you lepeal the act establish-
ing that particular post load. When you have
done that, and he comes here and asks you for
compensation, that is another matter. Congress
has the right to establish courts of inferior jurisdic-
tion to the Supreme Court; but suppose the Con-
gress of the United States were to choose to-mor-
row torepealall the acts establishing those inferior
courts; does any man say that the judges would
have the right to come here and ask compensa-
tion, and say there was a breach of contract, or
that these courts, in diiect detriment to the public
interests, should be kept up, bqcause tliey were
elected during good behavior' The whole matter
resolves itself into the proposition which I have
already stated. I will not elaborate it or pursue
it further. It is this; that these matters are not
subjects of contract; that the Government cannot
be sued because it is a Government; that it can-
not bring a suit for the specific performance or
for breach of contract, because they are not sub-
jects of contract; it becomes a matter of public
interest, and the political power must act according
to its discretion. If, therefore, this route, which
has been called the ram's-horn route to the Pa-
cific, is not judiciously established, we have a
right to repeal it. As to the equities of the case,
I may say something hereafter. TheSan Antonio
route was the pioneer route; and those who are
carrying the mails there deserve the credit; they
were the pioneers; they took the risk; they showed
energy; they furnished the money; showed the
overland system practicable. These are facts;
and now another comes in and claims the credit.
These are equities between the San Antonio con-
tractors and Butterfield, that I may, at some other
time, explain. I will not add more now.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to say a word, Mr.
President, before the motion is put to strike out,
the second section. I have listened to the entire
debate which has consumed the time of the Sen-
ate for a couple of hours, and I am very free to
say that I care very little whether this section
goes out or whether it stays in. Having offered
it, I shall vote that it be retained; but if the Sen-
ate sees fit to strike i| out, it would cause no jar
upon my feelings, or be in contravention of my
ideas of right. As to what has been said by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk] and the Sen-
ator from Arkansas [Mr. Sebastian] relative to
this contract being inviolate, I attempted, in the
wording of that section, to guard against any vio-,
lation of it, and to carry out the very principles
they have enunciated. The section requires the
concurrent consent of the contractors and of the
Postmaster General. If they do not mutually
agree, there can be no change. If they do concur,
I apprehend, according to all the settled principles
of law—even my friend from Texas [Mr. Wig-
fali.] will agree with me—they could change the
termini; becausethecontracting-partiescan change
any contract at any time.
I regret very much, sir, to see a kind of jeal-
ousy—for I can call it nothing else—growing up
between two routes; the friends of each paying
compliments, and calling for the approbation of
the Senate upon cach respectively. Each one is
a pioneer in itself; and I am sorry that one desires
consideration by Congress at the sacrifice of the
other. I can state to those Senators who have
pressed this route, 8076, that so far as I am con-
cerned, whenever the proper time comes, I am
piepared to do the contractors the most perfect
and exact justice. I do not want to see one route
absorb anotheflt I do not want to see one route
decried,and itsmeritsand its capacities put aside,
for the purpose of advancing another. I had no
object, m the framing of this section, to absorb
that route. 1 say exactly what the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Polk] has said, that if the Senate
sees fit to strike out this section, and give increased
facilities for supplying the State of Texas and its
population with mail facilities, I am prepared to
vote for it whenever it conies in such a shape that
it commends itself to my judgment as a repre-
sentative upon this floor.
But I am surprised, sir, at the war the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] seems to make
upon this Butterfield contract, and at the peculiar
idea that he desires to impress upon the Senate
and upon the country, that it is in the way of a
great overland system, and that justice to all parts
of the country requires its abrogation. When I
addressed the Senate upon a previous occasion,
I attempted to demonstrate that such was not the
case. These parties entered into this contract
exactly in pursuance of the law. The act which
passed in 1837 required simply that—
l' The Postmaster Genoia! be, and lie K hereby, author-
ized to eontiaet for the com eyanefi of the entile letter mail,
from such point on the ]VIi-,sisiippi river as the conti.ictors
may select, to San Frimci&eo, Irt the State of California,
tor six years, at a cost not exceeding §300,000 per annum
fur sem m no nil ily, .v'l.'iO.OOO for weekly, or ^800,000 lor «eiui-
weekly service, to be performed semi-monthly, weekly, or
semi-weekly, at the option of the Postmaster General."
The Senate will observe that the section pro-
vides for a route from such point on the Missis-
sippi river as the contractors may select to San
Francisco, in the State of California. Now the
route commences at St. Louis, and also at Mem-
phis—not one point, but two; and the mere fact that
it sweeps down through a section of country, the
population of which is constantly increasing,
whose wants are to be supplied, who aietobe
protected, to a certain extent, by the very exist-
ence of this route—that these facts should bo held
up as a cause of indignation to the Senate of the
United States and the people is, to me, very ex-
traordinary. The law itself requires that the
service shall be done ill twenty-five days. Now,
I never heard before, in any mail contract, or in
any contract of any kind or description, where a
party agrees to do a certain thing, and he not only
does tiiat, but even more, that that should be a
source of opprobrium and reproach to him. This
contract merely called on the Postmaster General
to make a contract, and for the contracting parties
to go from a point on the Mississippi river to San
Francisco in iwenty-five days; leaving it to their
option to go when and where they pleased. They
havedonemore. They have gone from twt> points
upon the Mississippi river; they have supplied
more country than they would probably if they
had been left entirely alone; and I say it in de-
fense of and veneration for the memory of the late
Postmaster General, (Mr. Brown,) who persuaded
them to go on this particular route, that it was
obeyitlg the very highest sense of duty on his part,
when he complied with the law, and at the same
time gave greater mail facilities to the people of
this country. He supplied not only Missouri,
but Arkansas and the northern part of Texas;
and he did more than that: he supplied the lower
half of the State that I represent here, and called
into market a section of country the most beau-
tiful upon the face of the earth, where the fig,
olive, date, orange, lemon, and grape grow, but
which, on account of its previous isolation and
seclusion, was not filled up by population. He has
done all this, not only within the letter of the law,
but still" more than that. These contractors have
reduced the time from twenty-five days down to
twenty-one days and fifteen hours, on an average.
Now, upon what idea of public necessity, upon
what idea of carrying out some great system, can
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale,]
raise this cry against this route, stigmatizing it as
an " ox-bow route," or as a "ram's-horn route,"
as the Senator from Texas [Mi-.Wigfall,] called
it, when the law is complied with, when popula-
tion is benefited, when the people of the country
are supplied with mail facilities, all within the strict
letter of the law ? I shall have something more to
say upon this question when the Senate comes to
final action upon it, if they reject the amendment
that I have before me and accept the proposition
advocated by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Sir, I desire to say to that Senator [Mr. Wig-
fall] and to this body, what every Senator
knows, because I have been an eye-witness of it
during even my brief experience, that when this
Government gets its iron heel upon its citizens, it
will grind them to the dust. When it comes to
abrogate a contract that it has made and which it
has chosen to enter into, "public policy " is the
cry and personal considerations are nothing, and
the rights of the citizens are wiped out of existence.
I enter my most solemn piotest against any such
theory, or any such doctrine, being entertained by
those who make the laws of this country, and in
whose hands the honor of its citizens is intrusted.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] said
very correctly that these men have not derived
any profit from this route. No, sir. They started
out on a great enterprise. They spent over half
a million dollars. They were the conductors of
the greatest scheme, as the Senator from Missouri
justly designated it, that this country or the world
has ever seen—twenty-seven hundred miles of
staging performed through an inhospitable cli-
mate, through bands of wild Indians, and that
without any protection by the Government to
public or private property. Sir, it is unparalleled.
Now, when they have done this; when they have
shown the feasibility of it; when they have com-
plied with the law ill every requisite that you
could possibly require of them, to carry out some
schemes intended to benefit individuals, and to
benefit at the same time certain sections, these
gentlemen are to be wiped out of existence. I
enter my protest against it.
The Senatoi from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
says they are willing to receive a certain amount
of damages. Ho says he does not speak by au-
thority. Now, I do speak by authority, when I
say, from the consultations I have had with these
gentlemen, that there is not one of the whole com-
pany but who enters his solemn protest against
being disturbed one jot or one tittio in their con-
tract. The reason why I made this modification
was because, from a spirit of liberality on their
part, they have expressed a willingness to com-
ply with the wishes of Congress and of the peo-
ple, if the people, through their representatives
here, say that, to perfect anysystem,one of their
termini should be changed.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a mo-
ment?
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly.
