1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
roborated by otherevidence,nor;"so that the sec-
tion will read:
Sec. 5. Jlni ie it further enacted, That no conviction
shall be had, under the provisions of this act, on the testi-
mony of the female seduced, uncorroborated by other evi-
dence nor unless the indictment shall be found within one
year after the arrival of the ship or vessel at the $>ort for
which she waa destined when the offense was committed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. BAYARD. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 331) to repeal the
third section of the act entitled " An act to in-
crease and regulate the terms of the circuit and
district courts for the northern district of the State
of New York," approved July 7, 1838, have di-
rected me to report it back without any amend-
ment, and with a recommendation thatit do pass;
and also to ask for its present consideration. I
will state the reasons why I think it ought to be
considered. The bill simply repeals a section
which ought never to have been m the law. In
1838Congressdivided the northern district of New
York into what wete called three divisions. In
these three divisions they required the jury trials,
in criminal cases, to be had in the particular di-
vision where the offense was committed. The
consequence is, that it has entailed great expense
on the Government; it has delayed criminal trials
to the injury of the party charged, as well as caus-
ing increased cost to the Government; and its re-
peal is recommended in a long communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, and also from
the district attorney, setting forth the absolute in-
utility of the law as it stands, and the reasons
why it ought to be repealed. It certainly ought
to be outof the statute-book; and I hope the Sen-
ate will consider the bill, and will repeal that sec-
tion. That is all the bill does. It is a very short
one. I consulted the Senators from New York
about it, and neither of them interposed any ob-
jection whatever.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FITCH. I now move to take from the
table Senate bill No. 262, reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing of this body, providing for a
reduction in the prices allowed for the public print-
ing, and providing for the binding of the publii
documents, reports, and Journals. Every Sena-
tor isj doubtless aware of the alleged abuses under
our present printing'system; abuses which, if tliey
affect the printing in no other respect, affect the
price, and yield a price altogether disproportion-
ate to the value of the work. I do not see how
the bill can lead to any protracted debate. It
simply proposes a reduction in the present prices.
The committee would be very glad indeed to re-
form, if it were possible so to do, the present sys-
tem entirely, but have as yet been unable to agree
upon a plan for accomplishing that object. They
have agreed to a general reduction of prices under
the present system. That reduction is contem-
plated in the bill. If there is any disagreement,
it can only be as to the amount. I move to take
the bill from the table.
The-motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
262) providing for a reduction m the prices al-
lowed for the public printing, and providing for
the binding of the public documents, reports, and
Journals, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the prices established and allowed for the public
printing by the act approved August 26, 1852,
and by the several acts amendatory thereof—that
is to say, for composition, pressworlt, folding,
stitching, and inserting maps and plates—shall be
reduced twenty per cent.; and for the purpose of
giving full force and effect to this provision, the
Superintendent of the Public Printing is directed
to cause the accounts of the Public Printer or
Printers to be made out and rendered to him, as
heretofore, under the provisions of the act of Au-
gust 26, 1852, and, before certifying them to the
Treasury for payment, to deduct from the aggre-
gate amount of each account so rendered the sum
of twenty per cent., or one fifth, and the resi-
due is to be received by the Public Printer or
Printers, as full compensation for the work stated
in the account.
It further provides that all the documents, re-
ports, and Journals, which maybe directed to be
bound, whether reserved or extra numbers, shall
be bound by the binder or binders elected Wthe
respective Committees on Printing of each House
of Congress. The reserved numbers are to be
arranged into volumes of suitable size by the Sec-
retary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, for their respective Houses,
and to be bound in calf or sheep as may be di-
rected: if bound in calf, the cost is not to exceed
the sum of cents per volume for octavos, and
one dollar and cents per volume for quartos;
and if bound in sheep, the cost shall not exceed
the sum of cents per volume for octavos, and
   cents for quartos. The extra numbers of all
documents ordered by either House of Congress,
the size of which may not be less than two hun-
dred and fifty pages, are to be plainly and sub-
stantially bound m such manner as may be di-
rected, at a cost not exceeding twelve and a half
cents per volume, if printed in octavo form, or
fifty cents per volume if printed in quarto form.
The binders are to give bonds, with approved se-
curity, to execute all binding which may be de-
livered to them with all proper dispatch, and in
strict conformity with the samples or styles which
may be adopted; and before the binders receive
pay for the binding, they are to produce the cer-
tificate of the Superintendent of the Public Printing
that it has been executed in conformity with the
contract, and received by him.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. FITCH. I desire to amend the last section.
If the Senator has an amendment to a previous
section, I will yield.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the first
section. I propose in the tenth line of the first
section to insert " five" after " twentyso that
it will read: "and the same are hereby reduced
twenty-five per cent.'
Mr. FITCH.
I shall make no opposition to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, though I am not authorized by the com-
mittee to accept it; for my individual opinion is,
that perhaps the present prjee will bear that much
reduction. It has been in testimony that the profit
now is from thirty-three to fifty per cent., and if
so, of course a twenty-five per cent, reduction can
be well borne. I do not think we can safely re-
duce the present price below that, unless we as-
sume that the Printer is to obtain profits illegiti-
mately, by what is ordinarily called stealing, and
it is hardly fair to legislate upon thatassumption.
I think a reduction of twenty-five can be borne
very well.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am very glad to hear the
chairman of the committee make that remark. I
think the present rates may bear a deduction of
twenty-five per cent, with propriety. We ought
not to act hastily. Too large sums have evidently
been paid; but m establishing the rates which we
shall subsequently pay, we ought not to diminish
them to that standard which will produce an in-
ferior kind of printing, and result as the contract
system did, when it was put out to the lowest
bidder.
I understand it to be true that theprintingis now
done at thirty-three per cent, reduction from the
present rates; but whoever may be the Printer
for Congress has to assume very large responsi-
bilities, and that sum, which is the difference be-
tween twenty-five and thirty-three per cent., it
strikes me is no more than a fair compensation
for the responsibilities which must necessarily be
incurred, and I think that that deduction may
safely be made, and ought to be made. I will not
take up the time of the Senate.
Mr. CAMEPvON.1 Mr. President, I move a
further amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine, to make the reduction forty in-
stead of twenty-five per cent. I have no doubt
that the printing can be done with a profit at forty
per cent, below the prices now paid. We have a
strong instance of that in what has occurred within
the last day or two, in relation to printing the Post
Office blanks. I stated here last spring that the
printing of the Post Office blanks cost the Gov-
ernment from forty to forty-five thousand dollars
a year. I said, also, that one half that price was
paid to some favorites of the Government, where-
as the printer, who lived in New Jersey, some-
where in the neighborhood of New York city,
received about one half the price actutrlly paid for
doing the work. Under the recent regulation of
Congress, bids have been received within a day
or two for performing this printing. The very
man who has been doing the work, for which he
got fifty per cent, of the price paid by the Gov-
ernment, has offered to do the same work now for
seven cents in the dollar, or ninety-three percent,
less than the Government has been paying. The
work, at this price, will cost about three thousand
one hundred and fifty dollars a year, and the saving
iri the four years for which that work is to be done
at that price will be about one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, in round numbers.
Now to prove to my mind that his bid is pretty
nearly fair, there are, I know, several other offers
from responsible persons, proposing to do the
work at a rate of eighty, eighty-five, eighty-seven,
and ninety per cent, reduction. There have been
the most stupendous frauds in proportion to the
amount paid, in this business of printing, that
have ever been -perpetrated on the Government.
I do not blame the printers—the workmen who
got it. They had a right to get all the Govern-
ment would give them; but I blame the Govern-
ment for not only wasting, but plundering the
money of the people to give it to their favorites
under cover of paying a price for printing.
My belief has always been, that the true way
of having this work done was by contract to the
lowest bidder. In 1845 or 1846 Congress passed
abill making but onePrinter for both Houses, and
directing the printing to be allotted to the lowest
bidder. Wo could have got along underthat bill
very well if there had been a slight alteration in it.
The trouble was that the Committee on Printing
had no authority to discharge the person for not
performing his contract properly. The conse-
quence was, that the men who got the contract
imposed on us, by giving us bad paper and bad
materials; but if the Committee on Printing had
had authority to discharge them and employ an-
other Printer for a short time, charging the con-
tractor with the cost of the work, we should have
been able to get along. Why shall we not have
our printing done by the lowest bidder, just as we
do all our other work ? The printing business is
a pcrfect system. With the improvements of the
last few years, it is so simple that almost every
man goes into the printing business now. Every-
body, it seems to me, understands printing except
members of Congress. Some gentlemen are put
upon the Committee on Printing because they have
happened to edit a country newspaper, and then
they say they are printers; but these gentlemen
know nothing of the business. The consequence
is, that they are imposed on. The impression
here, I know, is against the contract system, and
therefore I do not propose it, but I propose to insist
on my amendment to make a reduction of forty
per cent, on the present prices.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair would state that the motion of the Sen-
atorfrom Pennsylvania is not no w in order. The
motion of the Senator from Maine is to amend
the first section by adding the word " fiva" after
the word " twenty/' in the tenth line. That is,
of course, with a view of completing the section.
The motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
would be to strike out. It is in order first to com-
plete the section before striking out any part of it.
Mr. CAMERON. Would not my amendment
be in order to add fifteen per cent, more, and
make the reduction forty instead of twenty-five
per cent. ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine proposes to add
the word " five." If we leave thatout and putin
"forty," it would be insensible, of course, be-
cause " twenty " would precede " forty " without
striking out "twenty."
Mr. CAMERON. That is merely a technical
objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a word in reply
to what has fallen from the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I do not think the suggestion he has
made at all applicable to this bill. I am myself
aware fully of the injustice and the wrong which
have been committed under another branch of the
printing system; but this bill, if I understand it,
