1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3105
Mr. HALE. The Senator misunderstood me
in one respect in which he quoted me. I said 1
would not speak by authority when I spoke of
$600,000. I said 1 presumed these gentlemen
would be willing to be wiped out on those terms;
but in that! did not speak by authority; but I was
authorized to say they would be content with
$600,000 for the contract.
Mr. LATHAM. I so understood the Senator.
The Senator is correct in part. If Congress are
determined to exterminate them, and " wipe them
out," to use his own language, they want to be
paid one year's service, and they want to be quits
with this Government in every capacity and in
every respect. I believe he is correct in making
that statement, that far, but no further. They
want their contract to remain intact. If they are
disturbed, then they want the pay for one year's
Service to compensate them merely for the actual
loss which they will sustain in the destruction of
stations. But I ask whether that is justice? I
ask whether the Senator advocates a principle of
equity when he says that these gentlemen are to
have their contract terminated, and to be paid that
which will merely reimburse them for tjie actual
outlay that they have been to ?
Now, Mr. President, I have probably said as
much as I should in the argument of the motion
that is now pending; but I will say this before I
take my seat: that when Senators upon this floor
try to impress on the minds of each other, or of
those who take an interestm this debate, that there
is some conflict going on between the ocean ser-
vice and the overland service, stich was not my
idea in the drafting of my bill; nor do I believe
that the present amendment has one single friend
that entertains an idea of such a conflict existing.
I merely want to provide for carrying the mails,
the printed matter and franked documents, so long
as I feel the public necessity requires it. When-
ever you repeal your franking law; whenever you
show the entire feasibility of these overland mails
carrying the entire printed matter, that moment I
want the ocean service to terminate. I say this
in reply to an allusion made by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The insertion, at my suggestion, to the second
or third section of the present amendment, pro-
viding for a service by the ocean in case of fail-
ure overland, was with a view to try all these
overland routes. If that is done withirf the period
of two years, the country will be settled, the sta-
tions will be established, the means of communi-
cation more certain and rapid, and forts estab-
lished by the Government; then, I believe, this
immense mass of matter that I detailed to the
Senate the other day, as being carried to the Pa-
cific, can be carried overland. If, however, the
Senate believe, or if there can be datq, shown, tljat
this entire printed matter, as well as the franked
documents, can be carried overland, I want it to
commence right now; but I want the data before
I am prepared to vote for it.
I know there is a great hue and cry existing
against this ocean service and this steamship line.
I am no sympathizer or defender of theirs. I
merely want to carry out what 1 believe is proper,
so far as the mails are concerned, in supplying the
people of the Pacific coast; because I know very
well that every man upon that coast longs for the
time, and will hail it with joy, when not only the
entire mail matter, but every citizen who goes to
that country, can go there upon American soil,
without going, as we do now, through an inhos-
pitable climate and an unfriendly people, and must
traverse seven thousand miles, when we ought to
travel but two thousand or twenty-five hundred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In accordance
with the order of the Senate, the hour for a recess
having arrived, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to pronounce that the Senate will take a recess
till six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
ROBERT STOCKTON.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move that the Senate take
up joint resolution of the House No. 39. It is a
small matter, which has already passed the House;
and I apprehend there will be no objection to it.
Iftheie is, of course I will not press it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is moved that the Senate take
up for consideration joint resolution of the House
Ho, 39. It requires unanimous consent to enter-
tain any motion now when another matter is pend-
ing before the Senate.
"Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us hear what it is.
The Secretary read the title, as follows: /
Joint resolution directing the accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle the accounts of thejate
Robert Stockton, quartermaster, &c. t/
Mr. TEN EYCK'. I will simply statf that
Robert Stockton was an assistant quartermaster
in the Revolution; that he died soon after the Rev-
olution; and that, within a few months, or within
a short time, his papers have been found; and this
resolution simply proposes to refer the matter to
the accounting officers of the Treasury to settle his
accounts. There is no amount specified for pay-
ment; but it is simply to ascertain what the state
of the accounts is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the. motion
to take up the resolution objected to ? Unless ob-
jected to, it will be considered as the sense of the
Senate that this resolution be considered now. It
is before the Senate.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
"Whole, to consider the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 39) directing the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of the late Robert
Stockton, quartermaster,&c. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to settle the accounts of the late Robert Stockton,
of New Jersey, an assistant quartermaster and
forage master in the war of the Revolution, and
pay to his legal heirs and representatives such
sum or sums as may be shown due upon suffi-
cient proof of his service as quartermaster, and
for damages done his property by the American
Army.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 should like to know from
the Senator from New Jersey what sort of reason
is given for settling an account of seventy years
ago, and why it is that these people have not set-
tled it before now ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I believe the report is on
file. I was requested to ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution. I have not had charge of
the matter at all. I was requested to move that
the Senate take it up on the infoimation I had
that it was meritorious. The reason assigned for
tlnsaccount not being settled before is this: very
soon after the termination of the Revolution, Mr.
Stockton died, and his papers were mislaid, and
they have never been discovered, as appears by
the testimony in the case, as I have been informed,
until very recently; and his heirs request that his
accounts and vouchers may be examined and set-
tled by the accounting officers of the Treasury, to
see what it is. That is the reason why the mat-
ter has not been presented before this time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think these facts ought very
fully to appear to the Senate. If we are going to
look at the accounts of quartermasters of the Pi.cv-
olution, and see how they were settled upon a
statement, without any reason being given as to
how they were lost, and how they have been
found after seventy years, I tell you, sir, theie is
no protection on this earth for the public Treas-
ury. You may just as well throw it at once into
the hands of the claim agents around this city.
I do not wish to object to the character of it; but
when anybody in tiie Senate can consent to agree
to this thing, and to inquire into an account of
seventy years'standing, it looks to me like a ship
being on the breakers, and the crew jumping into
the spirit room. I say there is a limitation,and
there ought to be. There should be peace at
some time. Seventy years ought to bring peace,
until the affirmative is clearly shown. I put it to
the Senator from New Jersey, if it is not too
much for them to come hereafter seventy years,
and expect us to refer it to the Treasury ? There
are thousands and tens of thousands of accounts
which appear to be unsettled there because the
records have gone. We all know that well. A
parcel were burnt up during the last war. They
were not preserved, because they did not suppose
that the resurrectionists would come seventy
years afterwards and attempt to raise up trans-
actions of this kind. 1 appeal to the Senate, if
they have any eaie of the public Treasury or of
the public interests, not to do this. If this kind
of accounts is to be taken up in this way, and
turned over to the accounting officers, there is no
peace, no security; and the truth is, it is merely
throwing open wide the door, and telling every-
body to come in and help themselves.
Mr.TEN EYCK. I simply desire to add one
word. I have no interest at all, in any way, in
/his measure. 1 do not even know the individual
who desires its-passage. I was requested to call
it up by a gentleman of the other House, who has
some interest in it; a member, I believe, from the
State of Virginia. Fn relation to the length of time
that has passed, I have already stated that,the,
documents and papers belonging to this quarter-
master have been mislaid, in consequence ofjhis
death happening just after the termination of the
Revolution, when there was no money in the na-
tional Treasury to pay. It is only recently that
his papers have been discovered in the attic of a
garret of the house m which he resided at the time
of his death. I am informed that the facts appear
by the testimony in the case, and are mentioned
on the face of the report.
In relation to the lapse of time and the statute
of limitations, I have only this to say: it may be
because I am somewhat of a novice here that I
entertain these notions; but, sir, so far as I am
concerned, it seems to me the statute of limitations
should never run against a revolutionary claim;
that that should never be pleaded against cither a
revolutionary soldier, if one should be found still
existing upon the face of the earth, or against the
descendants of such. Although there may be
doubt in relation to the meritorious character of
the claim, and although there may not be sufB-
eientevidence to justify Congress in paying a sum
of money to the'heirs of this mgn, it seems to me
there can be no harm arising from referring the
matter to the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
there is a just debt due or not from the Govern-
ment to a revolutionary soldier or his descend-
ants. It may be, as I said before, because I am
a novice; but for myself I should far prefer dis-
charging a claim of this description, although it
may be somewhat doubtful, than listen to modern
claims, many of which are fraudulent raids upon
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. TOOiVIBS. Undoubtedly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is there a report in connec-
tion with this case ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
written report.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us hear it read.
The Secretary read the report. It appears from
the original papers filed in the case, as well as
from letters of the Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States, that Robert Stockton was an assistant
quartermaster in the war of the Revolution. _ It
further appears, from letters from the^accounting
officers of the Treasury, that his accounts as quar-
termaster have never been settled. It further ap-
pears that he died shortly after theconclusion of
the war, and without ever having forwarded his
books, vouchers, &c.,in relation to his service as
quartermaster. It is clearly evident that Mr.
Stcckton was never paid for his services, and for
damages to the amount of fifty pounds done to
his property by the continental troops; and the
committee, therefore, consider it proper that the
books and papers kept by him as quartermaster
should be referred to the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury for settlement.
Mr. ICING. It has not been customary, I be-
lieve, to refer simple claims for damages that may
have been done to property in the Revolution.
There is undoubtedly a great amount of them
with relation to which there has never been an
examination or claim made for compensation.
So far as the accounts are concerned, if anything
is due to this gentleman, I shall have no objec-
tion to having it paid; and it ought to be, if it can
be shown clearly to lie an account due him. I
move to amend by striking out from tliejoint res-
olution that part of it which relates to the dam-
ages for destruction of property by the troops.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York proposes to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out, in lines nine and ten, the
words, "and for damages done his property by
the American Army."
Mr. TEN EYCK, 1 hope the Senator from
New York will not insist on that amendment. It
is a small matter. The claim is only a claim for
fifty pounds for damages done, as appears, as I
have been informed, by the testimony, by the
American troops to Mr. Stockton's property in
