1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
126t
and I think I do—and if X do not I will thank the
chairman to correct me—applies only to that
printing which is done by the Public Printer,
The contracts to which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has alluded are other and distinct con-
tracts, not coming within the provisions of this
law; that work is done by printers other than the
Public Printer. The law, m my judgment, ought
to contain a provision to meet that case; but the
law as it stands applies only to the public print-
ing, not to the contracts that are made outside of
the woik which is done by the Public Printer;
and this bill only proposes to amend the existing
law, by reducing- the price which it allows.
Mr. PITCH. Perhaps the Senator from Maine
may have forgotten that the printing of the Post
Office blanks is now put out to contract, under a
very recent special law. The old law of 1852 is
no longer in existence as to them; but I desire to
explain that presently, in response to the Senator
from Pennsylvania. This bill has nothing to do
with that matter. It relates to the printing of
Congress and the Executive Departments.
Mr. HAMLIN. IconcurwiththeScnatorfrom
Pennsylvania, that on that class of contracts to
which he has alluded forty per cent, would be no
proper reduction; but on the aggregate amount of
Frinting which is done by our Public Printer—and
have taken some pains to examine this matter,
and I had long experience on the Committee on
Printing—I undertake to say that twenty-five per
cent, is a fair deduction. If you reduce the price to
a rate below what is fair and just, you will produce
more of evil than good. You will produce pre-
cisely that same evil which we all experienced
here some years ago, growing'out of the system
of letting it to the lowest bidder. We had such a
law in 1845, and what was the result of it? We
abandoned it, because we could not possibly get
along with it. Contracts were made to the lowest
bidder, and, as the Senator says, they furnished
bad paper, bad materials, and they cheated us in
all ways; and then after they had cheated us, they
came in and showed us that they had been losers
at their own game of cheating; and we voted Large
sums to make them whole, and you will do it again.
I take it there is no Senator here who is not
willing to pay an honest and fair compensation for
the work we have done. If you reduce it below
that sum, you produce that competition which
will bring the men back here, and they will ad-
dress themselves to your kind feelings and to your
charities, to give them what shall be a fair com-
pensation for their work; and they will get it. If
you attempt to make a contract below what are
fair rates, and are considered so, it will be equiv-
alent in its results to the contract system of al-
lowing any man to take it, without regard to his
responsibility, or the manner in which he will do
the work. The printing is well done now; it is
faithfully done; and 1 think you may fairly esti-
mate that it is done at as low rates as justice and
equity require.
I repeat what I said before, whoever may be the
responsible party for doing this work is entitled
to a fair consideration for the responsibility that
he must necessarily assume. The difference be-
tween twenty-five and thirty-three per cent., in
my judgment, is no more than a fair compensa-
tion. I do hope and trust that, in remedying the
existing evil, we shall Hot run into the other ex-
treme, and leave the matter worse than it now is. j
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word in
response to the Senator from Maine. I agree with
his principles in the abstract. I agree with him,
that we ought to pay a fair price for doing the
work; but I claim to know what is a fair price. The
fact is, that this work is being done now for forty
cents on the dollar, paid by the Government, as j
I understand, and I do not doubt it. If we leave i
twenty per cent, profit, I think that is enough on j
as large an amount of work as the printing willf'
be during this Congress.
The truth is, that there has been a constant at-
tempt, and a succcssful one, too, to confuse the
minds of members of Congress in regard to the
public printing. All the hills seem to have been i
gotten up so that nobody could understand them.
A very respectable gentleman in this town, a
printer, (Mr. Rives,) I believe, swore before a
committee here, a year or two ago, that the Post
Office blanks could not be done for a less sum than
fifty cents on the dollar; that they might be done
for that, perhaps, but without any profit. As I
told you before, the very man who has been doing
that work for years, now comes and offers to do
it for seven cents on the dollar—ninety-three per
cent, less than the Government has been paying;
and so it is with this other printing. It is not the
same class of printing, to be sure, but the same
principle will apply to this as to the other.
I repeat, I would rather have the contract sys-
tem. I know it can be carried out fairly, and it
would have been carried out fairly before if Con-
gress had not been deceived. A combination was
got up here to impose on them, and it succeeded
in doing so. A man in my State got $30,000 for
throwing up his contract; and he has been a rich
man ever since. Put it down now to the price I
propose—sixty cents on the dollar—and you will
have your work done just as well as you have
had it done before. If not, let us give it to the
lowest bidder, and sec how low ij can be done.
Mr. FITCH. I shall respond but briefly to the
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania, to
make the reduction still greater. He proposes
forty per cent, reduction. He will defeat the very
object of the bill. The present price will not bear
that reduction. Indeed, I am not quite sure tluit
it will go beyond the reduction proposed in the
bill itself, so that injury to the work shall not en-
sue; but I am perfectly willing to accept the prop-
osition of the Senator from Maine to reduce it
twenty-five per cent. As he well says, and I
agree pretty much with all his remarks, the dif-
ference between twenty-five and thirty-three per
cent, seems to be a reasonable compensation for
the supervision of the work and the responsibility
of the Public Printer. If we go beyond that, we
drive the Printer of necessity to seek, m self-
defense, to cheat us.
The remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania
in relation to the contract system, can be answered
perhaps more properly when it is proposed to
reenact that system. It failed whenit was in force.
We did not discontinue it, as the Senator says; it
broke itself down. If it is resorted to again, the
same combinations will be made, the same scenes
will be reenactcd, to the disgrace of Congicss and
all concerned.
The Post Office blanks arc not included in this
bill. They weie referred to by the Senator from
Pennsylvania; but this bill has naught to do with
them. We have provided by an amendment to
a late law, introduced by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] for the printing of the Post
Office blanks by con tract, by acceptance of the low-
est bids. The bids, I learn from the Senator from
Pennsylvania, are extremely low; he says seven
.and a half cents on the dollar. Well, they may
be, and money can be made even tlmn, form our
hasty legislation we omitted to provide any safe-
guard. Wc simply repealed the law of J853—
in itself a very loose law, and permitting very
great abuses under it—but we provided against
no abuse under the law which now exists. By
repealing the old law, we repealed the prohibition
against composition, when the alteration in the
post bills simply consists of a change of a post-
master's name; and now they can charge compo-
sition on every order from every postmaster in
the United States; and hence, if tliey took it at
two and a half cents on the dollar, they would
make money on the operation. But this has
nothing whatever to do with that. If the further
reduction proposed by the Senator from Maine js
accepted by the Senate, I desire to fill the blanks
in the second section, and to move an amendment
to the third section to make the reduction iv-tto-
spective; to make it operate on all printing from
the commencement of this Congress, as was con-
templated when we elected a Printer.
The PRESIDING OFF] CER. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine, that twenty-five pei cent, is a
sufficient reduction. I understood the Senator
from Pennsylvania to state that the printing was
now done at forty per cent. I understand it is
now done at sixty-seven per cent.
Mr. CAMERON. I am told forty,
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand sixty-seven
per cent, is the price at which the printing of the
Senate is now done. There are descriptions ot
public printing tliKt arc liable to precisely the same
abuse as the Post Office blanks; but I do not now
know precisely what they are, nor how to get at
them; but they will be made known, I suppose,
in the process of investigation now going on. It
is m evidence that there are descriptions of ex-
ecutive printing on which the profit is even larger
than on the Post Office blanks, which, as the Sen?
ator from Pennsylvania says, have been bid for
at seven per cent, on the price heretofore allowed
by law. I understand the Senator from Indiana
intends to move an amendment to the third sec-
tion, to save the Post Office blanks from coming
under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. FITCII. I do not really deem it neces-
sary; but perhaps, to prevent arty doubtful con- •
struction of this bill, it would be better to add to
the amendment which I propose moving to the
third section a still further clause, which 1 can
prepare in a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, to make the bill har-
monious, I move to add " five," in the nineteenth
line of the first scction, after the word " twenty."
Mr. FITCH. The Senator will be compelled
to carry his amendment a little further.
Mr.-HAMLIN. I see it; but that is a distinct
question.
Mr. FITCH. It is simply to make that line
correspond with the amendment we have already
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIAMLIN. In the same line, nineteen,
I propose to strike out the word " fifth," and in-
sert " fourth." It now says there shall be a re-
duction of "one fifth," that is, twenty per cent.;
we have made it twenty-five per cent., and there-
fore it should be "one fourth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I move to fill the blanks in the
second section, so as to make it read:
If bound m calf, the cost shall not exceed the sum of
fifty-eight eonts lor octavos, and $1 15 per volume for
quartos; and, if hound in sheep, the cost shall not excecd
the .-inn of ihnty-scven and a half cents per volume for oc-
tavo*, and seventy-five cents for quartos.
Mr. CAMERON. What is the price now paid
for that binding?
Mr. FITCH. This is less than has been here-
tofore paid, and I understand the work can be
executed at these prices, which are about two or" *
three per cent, less than the present rate.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to double the'
amount of reduction. I move to decrease the
price where it is $1 15, to one dollar, and so in
®pronortion.
Mr. FITCII. The old price at which the
work has been done heretofore for sheep octavos
has been thirty-nine cents. Wo propose doing it
at thirty-seven and a half; and I understand tho 
work can be done for that. Quartos have cost
seventy-eight cents for binding in sheep. Our
proposition is seventy-five cents. The binding o
calf octavos is now sixty cents; the blank is to
be filled with fifty-nine, the lowest proposition
which the committee has been able to obtain.
Calf quartos have cost $1 20 heretofore; here it
is $1 15.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to
fill the blanks with the sums he has proposed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to amend the third sec-
tion by adding:
And the icductlon of price piovided for in the first sec-
tion shall be opentfive upon all the public printing from tho
commencement of this Congres** Provided, That nothing
i m tins bill shall be construed to apply to the printing of
, Post Office blanks.
The Post Office blanks are now printed under
a special law.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Indiana would leave out that proviso. It may,
perhaps, be construed to say that the old prices
shall be charged for the Post Office blanks.
Mr. FITCH. I do not think that will be.tho
effect of it. We leave a law in force which wc
have very lately adopted, and which is now about
to go into operation; but lam willing that* the
Senator should change the phraseology so as to
accomplish the purpose in any form he proposes.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose to strike it out.
The existing law has not gone into operation yet,
Mr. FITCH. The amendment was made at
the suggestion of my colleague oh the committee,
