1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the Senator from Rhode Island. I do not deem
it absolutely essential, but perhaps it would be a
very good precaution to preclude the idea of this
law operating upon the Post Office blanks, or pos-
sibly these blanks may be paid for hereafter under
the old law of 1852, deducting only twenty-five
per cent. off.
Mr CAMERON. These blanks were to have
been allotted yesterday; but for some reason or
other, the bids have not been opened; and it may
be that this may be construed that they are not to
be opened at all.
Mr. FITCH. If I understand it correctly, the
bids are opened, and the award, perhaps, made
ere this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendmentof the Senatorfrom Indiana.
Mr. ANTHONY. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to withdraw the objec-
tion ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. The object of the amend-
ment is, that the printing of the Post Office blanks
may not be affected by this bill—that they may go
back to the price fixed hy the old law with the re-
duction proposed by this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from Indi-
ana to inform me what is the construction which
is to be placed upon the last clause of the second
section ? I will read it.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know how long
the bill will take 
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall not be a moment. I
think we shall dispose of it in five minutes.
Mr. MALLORY. The hour for the consider-
ation of the special order has arrived, but I will
give way for five minutes.
Mr. HAMLIN. The clause of the second sec-
tion , to which I desire to call attention, is:
The extra numbers of all documents ordered by cither
House of Congress, the size of which shall not be less than
two hundred and fifty pages, shall be plainly and substan-
tially bound m such manner as may be directed.
The point I want to get at is this: suppose the
Report on Finance, or the report of Commerce and
Navigation, should contain but two hundred and
forty pages, would there then be any law, for
binding it at all ?
Mr. FITCH. There is no law forit now. The
phraseology which the Senator has just read is a
mere reiteration of the existing law. There is no
law now providing for binding anything less than
two hundred and fifty pages. It has to bo done
by special act, if it is bound.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing additional proviso to the last section:
Jlnd provided further, That nothing contained in this act
shall be so construed as to affect the existing contract for
binding the reserved numbers of documents, reports, and
Journals ordered to bo bound by the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. I have no objection to the pro-
viso of the Senator from Louisiana, except this:
the binding of the reserved numbers heretofore,
under the very contract which he desires now to
keep in force, has not been executed in accord-
ance with the contract. I venture the assertion
that,underthe head of calf binding, and for which
pay for calf binding has been received, not ten per
cent, has been calf; it has been almost uniformly
sheep, paidfor as calf;and such must necessarily
continue to be the case under that contract, for
this simple reason: the binding comes from the
hands of the binder to the Secretary of the Senate,
and is by him distributed, withoutpassing through
the hands of any officer who has any practical
knowledge of what constitutes good calf or good
sheep binding. The object of the section in the
bill is simply to place the binding of the reserved
numbers on precisely the same footing with the
binding of the extra numbers, and make that offi-
cer whom we designed should be respon^ble for
the quality of this work really so. we desire to
have all the binding pass through his hands, and
have some assurance that it is done in accordance
with the contract. The proviso of the Senator
from Louisiana would defeat that very object, and
-we should still go on paying for calf binding,
when it was really sheep.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, this is a
matter that 1 do not think we have any legislative
control over. The Senate referred a short time
ago to the Judiciary Committee the duty of in-
quiring into the validity of acontract made by the
Secretary of the Senate with Mrs. Adeline Sar-
geant forbindingthe reserved numbers of the doc-
uments of the Senate. It was supposed by the
Committee on Printing that that contract had
been made without due authority of law. The
Committee on the Judiciary examinedlhat sub-
ject, and made a unanimous report declaring to
the Senate that, in.its judgment, the contract was
a valid and binding one.
• I observe that this bill makes provision for the
binding of the reserved documents. I have no
objection to that; but the last section of the bill
provides that it shall take effect from the date of
its passage. The result of that will be to violate
this contract with this lady. If she does not per-
form her contract properly, let the suggestion be
made for proper legislation providing for the ne-
cessary supervision of the contract, and I will go
for it with great cheerfulness; but if the bill, as
now seems to bti anticipated by the Senator from
Indiana, is to have the effect of annulling the con-
tract which the Judiciary Committee has reported
to be binding on the Senate, what will be the re-
sult? You will give this binding under this bill,
and this lady will come forward and ask for dam-
ages, which will be allowed to her undoubtedly,
and probably for an amount far beyond what it
would cost to provide for supervising the execu-
tion of her contract. I do not apprehend that
we have any authority to pass a bill declaring
that the Senate will violate a contract entered into,
under the report of its Judiciary Committee, in
accordance with law. It cannot be the intention
of the Printing Committee to pass a law directing
that contract to be violated. The Judiciary Com-
mittee has reported it to be a legal and valid con-
tract. If it is to be violated, then some provision
must be made for paying damages to this lady,
whose contract is thus to be taken away from
her. The report of the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee is on my table. I do not see him in
his seat, and it is for that reason that I have in-
terfered with the matter myself. If the Senate
desire any further information beyond what I
have just, given, this report may be read; but it
has been reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary unanimously to be a subsisting, valid con-
tract, entered into m February last by the Secretary
of the Senate, under the order of the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. There is very great deference due
to the opinion of the Judiciary Committee; but I
cannot permit the opinion of that committee, even,
to control me in the discharge of my duty as a
member of the Committee on Printing. The au-
thority under which the power to make a contract
with any one to do the binding of the reserved doc-
uments of the Senate is found, is in the provision
making the Secretary of the Senate the disbursing
officer of the contingent fund for the pay of mem-
bers. Has that anything to do with binding?
While the general law of 1852 makes it imperative
on the Superintendent ofthe Public Printing to see
that the binding is properly executed according to
specimens which he is to preserve in his office for
the purpose of comparing the work with those
specimens, as disbursing officer of the Senate, the
Secretary lias from year to year made contracts
with Mrs. Sargeant. to do the reserved binding of
the Senate. There have been two prices stipu-
lated; one for calf, and one for sheep. The bind-
ing has been nearly all sheep, but it has been paid
for as calf, because there was no check on the
binder.
The Senator says that Mrs. Sargeant will come
here for damages. She can obtain nodamages.
No work under the late contract has passed into
her hands, and none can pass into her hands of
any conscquence, if any at all, until the very close
of the session. No rights have accrued; and she
sold the contract; if she did not before, she did
immediately after, obtaining it. But if the Sen-
ate sees proper to go on sanctioning a course
which, in my humble estimation, amounts to an
abuse which has already existed from year to
year, for many years, I have nothing to say; only
I beg them, if they do so, to take care to guard
the matter after the expiration of the present con-
tract.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was aware that this section
of the bill would change the manner in which the
binding of our documents should hereafter be
done, and I was doubtful, in my own mind,
whether I should not oppose that section for that
very reason. It did notoccur to me thatif would
apply to the existing contract, until the Senator
from Louisiana submitted his amendment. It
seems to me every Senator will see the force of it
in a moment. There can be no doubt that, unless
we want to break a contract, we should adopt the
amendment offered by the Senator from Louisi-
ana. It is perfectly clear to my mind. I will
not undertake to say how far the Senator from
Indiana may be correct in relation to the manner
in which this binding has been done heretofore,
but I must say that if he wants to meet the ob-
jection which he raises himself, the opportunity
of doing so is now before him, and the method is a
very plain one 
Mr. FITCH. I think I see what the Senator
is at, and if he will move an amendment, 1 will
accept it with pleasure, making the Superintend-
ent the judge of the fulfillment of the contract.
Mr. HAMLIN. That was the suggestion I
was about to make. If a contract is made, the
person with whom the contract is made can have
no sort of objection that he is obliged to comply
with it, and that there is an inspection ofthe work
after it is executed. That amendment will meet
the whole case and leave the contracts where they
are. I hope the Senator from Louisiana will ac-
cept that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, there is nothing in that contract to prevent
the Senate from passing a resolution of its own
directing the Secretary to receive no reserved bind-
ing until it shall pass the inspection of the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing.
Mr. FITCH. Put that in your amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is unnecessary to put it
in a law. We can at any moment we think proper
pass a resolution of our own directing our Secre-
tary to receive no binding that has not been ap-
proved by the Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing. That meets the whole object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; and the
bill as amended ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
ORDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. I offer a resolution, and ask that
it be read; and if there be no objection, I hope it
will be considered.
Mr. MALLORY. The hour has arrived for
the unfinished business ofyesterday. Ifthc Chair
will take up the unfinished business, I have no ob-
jection to the resolution being considered. Let
the unfinished businessbe taken up, and then there
will be no objection to offering the resolution; but
this is displacing the spccial order.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; this is only a resolution
of inquiry.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
from Florida insists, the Chair will feel bound to
call up the order of the day.
Mr. MALLORY. When it is taken up I shall
make no objection to receiving the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER." The special
order of the day is the homestead bill; but the
unfinished business of yc*sterday is the bill con-
ecrning the Florida claims, and that is before the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. Which has preference?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday takes precedence.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. HALE. Now, by common consent, I
offer my resolution of inquiry, and ask for its
consideration:
% Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate, if m his opinion it be not in-
compatible with the public interest, if any instructions have
been given to any ofthe officers ol the Navy ofthe United
State-?, by which, in any event, the naval force of the Uni-
ted States, or any part thereof, were to take part in the civil
war now existing in Mexico; and if the recent capture of
two war steameis of Mexico by the naval force of the Uni-
ted States was done in pursuance of orders issued by this
Government; and, also, by what authority those steamers
have been taken in possession by the naval force of the
United States, and the men on board made prisoners.
Mr. GWIN.
to-morrow.
Let that resolution lie over until
