248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
grateful to the gentleman from Virginia for allow-
ing mc to have my resolution read. I do not de-
sire to have anything further to say upon it at
this time.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise for the purpose of ap-
pealing to the gentleman from Virginia to defer
nis remarks until to-morrow, and allow us to ballot
until two o'clock, and then adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would suggest that we
should adjourn now. [Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia yield to me for the purpose of
moving an adjournment?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am willing to
give way for that purpose.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think the
gentleman from Virginia had better proceed, and
finish his remarks to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, Mr. Clerk, X claim
the floor. [Laughter.] I was willing to give
way for a motion to adjourn, because I think this
day is entitled to the respectful consideration of
the American people; but as one side of this
House are evidently not willing to agree to this
manifestation of respect, I will proceed with and
finish the remarks 1 have for several days past
designed to submit to the House.
Mr. Clerk, I desire now to have it understood
that I will not submit to interruption from any
friends. I will, however, cheerfully yield to in-
terruptions from those who are usually classified
differently. With these remarks, then, I will
proceed.
In looking over the field before us, as I said on
Saturday, I see an effort made to put into the
chair of the Presiding Officer of the House a gen-
tleman who does not stand, according to our View
of the subject, fair before the country; who was
understood, at least, as not denying the indorse-
ment of sentiments highly obnoxious and offen-
sive to the last degree to a portion of this House.
Upon that subject I have not, at this time, any-
thing further to say. I shall advert to it again
before I close my remarks.
It is known to this House, and also to the coun-
try, that it has been the fashion in the agitation of
the question of slavery, from the very highest men
in the country down to the lowest slatig-whang-
ers" in the land, to quote a single sentence in the
Declaration of Independence to justify them in
their efforts to inflame the public mind of the coun-
try upon that question, and also lor the purpose
of carrying out a certain political policy incon-
sistent, according to my view, with their duties
to the Constitution.
I am here, Mr. Clerk, and gentlemen of the
House of Representatives, a sincere and loyal
friend to the Oonslitulion and the Union. I am
hero the advocate of no new or inflammatory doc-
trine. I em here the advocate of no modern
innovations; but I am here the advocate of the
Constitution as it was penned by our fathers, and
handed down to us, to hand it down unsullied
and untouched to the latest posterity. J wish I
could say that such was the purpose and policy
of many of thus" who an.' in the habilof frequently
charging disunion sentiments upon the people m
that section of the Union in which 1 reside.
I will beg leave to run over these subjects with
as much rapidity as possible, and only claim the
attention of the House in order to show the partic-
ular ground which is taken not only by the distin-
guished champion of the " irrepressible conflict,"
which is so much talk* d about, but also that which
is held by Senators and members of this House
upon this provision which furnishes the staple of
almost every inflammatory appeal to the country.
Upon referring to the Declaration of Independ-
ence, I find this clause, upon which gentlemen on
the other side so much rest:
<k We hold the.se truths to be self-evident, that all men
are cieated equal; that they are endowed by their Cieator
with certain unalienable lights; that among these aic life,
libertv, and the pursuit of happme is.,J
Here is the quotation that is bandied about in
the non-slaveholding States as authority for the
violation of the sacred obligations imposed by the
Constitution, and which, m my view, no man can
conscientiously disregard. I am, for one, willing
to concede this doctrine, as I understand it. I am
willing to concede it, sir, because lam one of those
who believe in the improvement of our race, and
of their gradual elevation in the scale of intellectu-
ality and' ci\ ihzatJon. But I ask, here, what racc
of people was referred to in that instrument? Did
it have reference to the negro? I ask again, and
I ask confidently, if the slaves of those—for at
that time all were slaveholders—who were parties
to the declaration of that great truth, were parties
comprehended within its provisions?
Upon this subject, Mr. Clerk, I will read an-
other paragraph:
kt When, in the course of human events"—
It is the first clause of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence—
"it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the po-
litical bands winch have connected them with another, and
to assume among the Powers of the earth the separate and
equal station to which the laws of nature and nature's God
entitle them, a decent lespect to the opinions of mankind
jcqn.ies that they should deelaie the causes which impel
them to the sepaiation.-"1
I ask gentlemen—I ask those who speak of this
declaration of equal rights—whether or not our
slaves were parties to this declaration ?
" When, in the course of human events, it becomes ne-
cessary loi one people to dissolve the political bands which
have connected them with another.
Do gentlemen, in that language, find any war-
rant for the idea that the negro slave of the mas-
ters, who were parties to this declaration, was
included in that great movement of separatingthe
political bands which bound the American colo-
nies to their mother country? I put the question
with confidence. I appeal, without hesitation, to
all the members of this House. I ask if, in this
declaration, a slave was a party to the movement
which was designed to sever the political bands
between the colonies and the mother country?
But that is not all; the declaration proceecU:
That, to secui" these light?., Governments ai-1 instituted
amongst men, douvnig their ju>t poweit> from the consent
of the governed; that, wheucvei any i'onri of Government
becomes dcsttuetive ot these ends, it is the light of the peo-
ple to altei oi to abolish it, and to institute a new Govern-
ment, laying its foundation on such principles, and oigan-
lzing it-? power.-, in such foim, a3 to them shall seem most
likely to effect their ^fety and happiness."
Yes, sir; that declaration is contained in this
great instrument: that, if a people arc dissatisfied
, with their form ofgovemment, they have the right
i to change and altei it, and to lay it down upon
i such foundation as to them may seem fit. I agree
, with that doctrine fully; and I ask again, m spcak-
: ing of the people who have the right to do this
, thing, were the slaves of the masters who pro-
j mulgated this great political truth parties included
j m this declaration ?
| I choose to press this point:
I " Prudence, indeed, will dictate, that Governments long
i e.^tablished should not be changed foi light and tiansicnt
[ enn-^; and aecoidsnglv all exp'-iicnre hath shown, that
| mankind are more deposed to suffer, while evil* aiesufter-
' able, than to i iuht themselves by abolishing the foims to
} wiueh rhey are accustomed." •' • ■* Such has
| been the patient &ufie ance oi tbc-e colonies; and hueli
; now ihe neee^-jfy which r-on'-tiains them to alter tlieir
i foimer systems of government "
[ Who were these colonies? Who were the peo-
ph' embraced m that provision ? Who weie they,
sn, who were proposing to alter their former sys-
tems of government; Were they the slaves? VVill
any man pretend that they weie included? I men-
tion this view of the subject, because I wish gen-
tlemen to remember when they are dealing with
this instrument, that that instrument itself says
that the people of the country may change their
form of go\ernment, and plant it upon such prin-
ciples, and construct it in such form, as to their
judgment may seem proper. The Declaration
goes on:
"The history of the present king of Great Britain is a
histoiy of jepeaied mimic's and n->uipnt!ons. all having in
direet obiect the establishment of an absolute l\ lannvover
these States.
In respect to those usurpations and that tyranny,
were negroes referred to? J put the question, fur,
! without iear or hesitation, whether the very terms
! of the Declaration of Independence do not ex-
| elude the ascription given to it in the politics of
j the day.
, But again, sir. Here is the conclusion of that
1 instrument:
! We, therefore, the Representatives of the United
of Ameuca in general Congiess assembled, appealing to
I the Supieme Judge ofthewoild for the rectitude of our
; intention^ do, In the name and b_\ authority of the good
| people of these colonies, solemnly publish and declare"—
i You see that it is the good people. Were they
> the slaves, or the masters of the slaves ? Was it
I not the latter who were thus declaring11 The slaves
! were not the good people of these; colonies. In
| thus declaring, of course, they meant none but
| those who were parties to this Declaration of In-
dependence:
—" that these united colonies are, and of right ought to be,
tree and independent States; that they arc absolved from
all allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political
connection between them and the State of Great Britain is,
and ought to be, totally dissolved; and that, a* fiee and in-
dependent Stato, they have full power to levy war, con-
elude peace, eontiaet alliances, establish commcrce, and
to do all other acts and things which independent States
may of right do.1'
Can anything be clearer ? Yet,sir, the promi-
nent Republicans of this country are eternally
dwelling upon this Declaration, m the face of the
clear and irrcfragible testimony embodied m this
instrument, as a justification for the agitation
which disturbs our peace and threatens our
Union.
Hut, sir, let us go on. Two years after the
enunciation of independence I have read from, the
Articles of Confederation, the bond between the
colonics, then in a state of war, was made. Article
fourth is as follows:
CkThe bettei to secure and perpetuate mutual friendship
and intercourse among the people of the difteient States ot*
this Union, the fi ee inhabitants of each of these States,
paupeis, vagabond-!, and fugitives fiom justice excepted,
fchall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of free cit-
izens m the s>cveial States; and the ■people of each State
shall have free ingress and egress to and from any other
State,'- &e.
Here, you see, then, that two years after the
Declaration of Independence, in conformity with
the great principle of that instrument, these States
agreed to a compact of perpetual Union, confining
the Government thus formed, expressly to " the
free inhabitants of each of these States, paupers,
vagabonds, and fugitives from justice excepted."
Shall not that contemporaneous exposition ut-
terly exclude forever the argument dwelt upon so
much by the people of the northern States, and
with so much effect, no doubt, so far as it was
designed to produce an effect?
" And whereas it hath pleased the great Governor of the
woiid to incline the hcans of the Legislatures we icspect-
ively represent m Congress, to approve of,and toauthonze
us to ratitv the said Articles ot Confederation andpeipetual
union, Know ye, that we, the undersigned delegates, by
vntuc of the power and authority to us given for that pur-
pose, do, by these pieserrts, in the name and in behalf ot our
los-pectivc constituents, luliy and entirely latify and con-
lit m each and every of the said Articles ot Confederation and
peipetual anion, and all and singularthe matters and things
theieincontained. And wedotuithcr solemnly plight and
engage the faith of our respective constituents, that they
sh.ill abide by the determinations of the United States, in
Congress assembled, on all questions which by the said
Confederation are submitted to them; and that the Articles
thcicof shall be inviolably obseived by the States we re-
; pectivcly lcpiesent, and that the Union shall be peipetual."
Here you sec that the concluding stipulation of
the Articles of Con federation declares that the Gov-
ernment was for the free people of the colonies,
and not for the slaves. I have mentioned these
things in order that the country, so far as they
may see fit to examine into the subject, may un-
derstand that this argument about all people being
born free and equal is mere clap-trap, and intended
to mislead, and that the stipulation of the Articles
of Confederation, which the parties framing the
instrument agieed upon, was the true measure of
obligation by which we were then bound.
But, sir, this Article of Confederation and per-
petual union was found not to answer its purpose,
Under the pressure of the revolutionary war,
common interests and common necessities bound
the people togetherm such away as to make their
efforts effective. But when the war terminated,
the Government, as it were, fell to pieces. The
j i Articles of Confederation were found totally m-
!i effective, and it became absolutely necessary, in
,! older to a pi escalation of the Union, that a new
|! bond of union should be foinied by the people.
11 Accordingly we have that new bond of union in
j; the present Constitution of the United States. It
t| says:
j i We, the people of the United States, in order to form a
j' mo'e perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
;! quillity, piovide for a common defence, promote the general
j i welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to om*elves and
,, o"r po^teiity, do ordain and establish this Constitution tor
!j the United States of America."'
[i Who arc the parties to that contract? The
slaves? The free negroes even? No, sir; but
the white people of the United States, as we all
know, who entered into this compact, and who
framed it in the manner I shall proceed to men-
tion. It is well known that at the time of the
adoption of this Conr;titution there were very
many conflicting inter. ;.>ts. There was the slavery
