1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution lies over.
Mr. MASON. Unless the Senator from Cali-
fornia has some special reason for objecting to
the consideration of the resolution offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire, it may as well be
considered now.
Mr. GWIN. I have none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objection
being withdrawn, the resolution may now be con-
sidered.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAILS.
Mr. HALE. I propose an amendment which
t shall offer as a substitute for the bill reported
yesterday by the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Gwin,] and I ask that it be printed for
the information of the Senate. It4s the bill in
reference to the overland mail route.
The motion to print the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CrWIN. I wish to state to the Senate that
I shall ask them to sit on Saturday next, for the
purpose of taking up two very important meas-
ures to the States on the Pacific—the telegraph
bill and the overland mail bill. It is absolutely
necessary to act on them early if they are to pass
at all, so as to give the Postmaster General an
opportunity to arrange the service according to
this system of overland mails, and enable the par-
ties interested in the telegraph line to start it dur-
ing the present year. I shall ask the Senate to
sit on Saturday for that object.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 230) declaratory of the acts for car-
rying into effect the ninth article of the treaty of
1819, between the United States and Spain.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, the single propo-
sition contained in the bill now under considera-
tion is to direct the payment of a class of claims
large in amount and long since due, arising under
the treaty of 1819 with the Government of Spain.
In order that the grounds upon which these claims
rest may be the better understood, I will state,
briefly as may be, their nature and origin, as also
the action of the Government hitherto in relation
to them. I cannot do this better or more briefly
than by reading from the narrative portion of the
committee's report, which presents a concise and
very fair statement of the leading and material
facts in the case:
" In 1811, relations of peace and amity existed between
the United States and Spain, under the treaty of 1795; but
the relations between the United Slates and Great Britain,
and between the latter Powci and Spain, weie of such a
character as. to create apprehensions on the part of the Uni-
ted States that Great Britain would seize the province* of
East and West Florida, then a dependency of the Crown of
Spam; and the United States having long looked to a ces-
sion of those provinces as an indemmty tor her just claims
upon Spain, and being unwilling, from their geographical
position, that any other Tower should possess them, and
especially Great Britain, with whom we were then on the
eve of war, Congress, on the 15th day of January, 1811,
pa&sed an act and joint resolution, by the former of which
the President was authorized to take possession of the
Floridas,4 in case any arrangement has been, or shall be,
made with the local authority of said territory for deliver-
ing up the possession of the same, or any part thereof, to
the United States; or in the event of any attempt to oc-
cupy the said territory, or any part thereof, by any foreign
Government.' (3 Statutes at Large, pp. 471,47*2.) And
for that purpose, the President was authorized by that act
to employ any part of the naval and military forces of the
United States; and $100,000 was appropriated for that ob-
ject.
"General George Matthews and Colonel John McKee
were appointed military agents or commissioners of the
United States bythe President, with secret instructions ' to
repair to that quarter with ail possible expedition,' for the
purpose of carrying out the intention of the act of Congress,
with authority, if- necessary, to call to their aid the naval
and military forces of the United States in that quarter of
the Union, the commanders of which had been instructed
to obey their orders. (American State Papers, vol.3, For*
eign Relations, p. 571.)
" No surrender ot that province was made by the Gov-
ernor,and the agent of the United States proceeded to take
possession of the whole inhabited portion of East Florida,
except the city of St. Augustine, including Amelia Island
and the neutral port of Fernandina; and this possession,
thus acquired, was forcibly maintained until about the mid-
dle of May, 1813, when the United States troops were with-
drawn by command of General Pinckney.
"As this occupation of East Florida bythe American
forces was strenuously and forcibly resisted by the Spanish
authorities thereof, a feeling of great bitterness on the part
of the invading forces was excited against the loya! Spanish
inhabitants and officers; and an occupation of the province,
which was only intended by Congress, m the condition of
things found to exist, to be peaceful on the part of the
United States, and voluntary on the part of Spain, was con-
verted into a foicible occupation by the agent of the United
States.
"These injuries of 1812 and 1813, which were protested
against by Spam, were in open violation of the law of na-
tions and of the treaty of peace then existing between the
two Governments, and were so admitted to be by the Uni-
ted States; and their commissioner, General Matthews,
was punished by dismission. (American State Papcis above
cited.) •
" During the war between the United States and Great
Britain, in 1814, West Florida was entered by General
Jackson and the army under his command, to expel the
British and their Indian allies from Pensacola; and in 1818,
the same officer again entered West Florida, in pursuit of
the Indians, and St. Mark's and Pensacotowere taken, and
subsequently restored. " v
"Both these last-named invasions of General Jackson
and ins army were also complained ot by Spain as viola-
tions of her neutrality; but were justified, or sought to be
excused by the United States, 011 the ground of necessity j
while no such ground was everurged in justification of the
invasion of East Florida, in 1812 and 1813.
"It appears, from the correspondence between Mr. Ad-
ams and Mr. Oms, which led to the treaty of 1818, that
mutual indemnities for all injuries vveio fully agreed upon
before Genera! Jackson entered Florida in 1818. (American
State Papers, Foreign Relations, vol. 4, pp. 4G5, 467, 475.)
" For all these injuries, Spain earnestly demanded satis-
faction; and when the treaty of 1819 was concluded, the
following provision was inserted, and constitutes the last
clause of the ninth article of that instrument, viz:
ui The United States will cause satisfaction to be made
for the injuries, if any, which, by process of law, shall be
established to have been suffered by the Spanish officers
and individual Spanish inhabitants by the late operations
of the American army in Florida.'— Statutes at Large, vol.
8, p. 260.
"' To carry into effect' this provision of the treaty, Con-
gress passed the act of Mai eh 3,1823, which is as follows :
" ' An act to carry into effect the ninth article of the tieaty
concluded between the United States and Spain the 22d
day of February, 1819.
"' Sec. 1. That the judges of the superior courts estab-
lished at St. Augustine and Pensacola, in the Teuitoiy of
Florida, icspeetively, shall be, and they are hereby, author-
ized and directed to receive and adjust all claims arising
within their respective jurisdictions, of the inhabitants of
said Territory, or their' leprosentatives, agiecably to the
provisions of the ninth article of the treaty with Spain, by
which the said Tcmtory was coded to the United States.
2. That in all eases in which said judges shall
decide m favor ot the claimants, the decisions, with the
evidence on which they are tounded, shall be, by the said
judges, reported to the Secretary of the Treasury, who, on
being satisfied that the same is just and equitable, within
the provisions of the said tieaty, shall pay the amount
thcrcot to the prison or poisons in whose iavoi the same
is adjudged, out ot any money in the Tr^asuiy not other-
wise appropriated. Approved March 3, 1823.'—3 Statutes
at Large, p. 766.
"Aftci the passage of the said act, the judges proceeded
to adjust'claims au^mg within their respective jurisdic-
tions,'upon sworn petitions of the claimants and proofs
taken, as in ehancciy or admnalty cases. The judge ot
West Florida made decisions or awards for injuries suffered
from the invasion of 1814 111 that province; and the judge
of East Florida, in like manner, proceeded to receive and
adjudge claims <ot the injuries resulting from the invasion
of 1812 and 1813 in that province.
"Mr. Secietary Crawford, however, decided that the in-
juries of 1814 in West Floiida weie not embraced by the
treaty—either from the supposed import of the wotd (late'
in the English oiigmal, (but not in the Spanish,) and which
was construed to be synonymous with latest or last, and
thcrcfoie only applicable to the invasion of 1818, or because
the invasion of West Flouda in 1814, during our war with
Great Britain, to expel the Biltisli forces and their Indian
allies fiom neutral territory used to oiigmatc operations
against the United States, was justified by the law ot na-
tions, and tlierefoie was no injury, within the true meaning
of the treaty of 1819. Both these reasons were urged against
those claims.
" When the decision of the judges ofEast Florida, in favor
of the claimants, for injuries resulting from the invasions of
1812 and 1813, were icpoited to the Treasury, Mr, Secre-
tary Rush, the successor of Mr. Ciawford, applied Mr.
Crawford's decision to those claims, though the United
States had nevei attempted to justify that invasion as au-
thorized by the law of nations, as they did the invasions of
1814 and 1818 in West Florida, by rejecting them. The
claimants for injuries 1111812 and 1813, therefore, petitioned
Congress for relief against this eironeous eonstiuctlon of
the treaty ; and Congress, by the act of26th June, 1834, over-
ruled the decision of Mr. Sccretaiv Hush, that the injuries
of 3812 and 1813 were not within the piovisions of the
treaty of 1819, by the passage of the act of June 26, 1834,
which is as follows:
"'An act for the relief of certain inhabitants of East
Florida.
" 'Be it enaitcd, <$c., That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed to pay. out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
amount awarded by the judge of the superior court at St.
Augustine, in the Territory of Florida, under the authority
of the one hundred and sixty-first chapter of the acts of the
Seventeenth Congress, approved Match 3,1823, tor losses
occasioned in East Florida by the troops in the service of
the United States, m the years 1812 and 1813, in all cases
where the decision of the said judge shall be deemed by the
Secretary of the Treasury to be just: Provided, That no
award be paid except in the ca«e of those who, at the time
of suffering the loss, were actual subjects of the Spanish
Government: Provided also, That 110 award be paid for
depredations committed in East Florida previous to the
entrance into that province of the agent or troops of the
United States.
"< Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the judge Of the
superior court of St. Augustine be. and he hereby is, au-
thorized to receive, examine, and adjudge all cases ofclaiui3
for losses occasioned by the troops aforesaid, in 1812 and
1813, not heretofore presented to the said judge, or In
which the evidence was withheld, in consequence of the de-.
cision of the Secretary of the Treasury that such claims were
not jrrovided for by the treaty of February 22, 1819, between
the Governments of the United Stales ana Spain ; Provided,
That such claims be presented to the said judge in the space
of one year from the passage of this act: And provided also,
That the authority herein given shall bo subject to the re-
strictions created bythe provisoes to the preeedingsection.,
—6 Statutes at Large, p. 569.
"At the time of the passage of this act, claims for injuries
in East Florida, in 1812 and 1813, amounting to $2X4,676,
had been presented to the judge of East Florida, and de-
crees in favor of the claimants had been made for the sum
of $44,338. The first section of this act made an appropri-
ation for the payment of the awards which were made pre-
vious to its passage, accompanied by provisions prohibiting
payment unless the 'claimants we're actual subjects of the
Spanish Government,' and tmless the depredations were
committed after 4 the entrance into that'piovincc [East
Florida] of the agent or troops of the Urtited States,' upon
the ground that such claims would not be within the pro-
visions of the treaty.
" This act made no other appropriation, and no claim is
now made under any of the awards provided for by the first
section thereof, as no award of damages under the name of
interest had been made before its passage.
"The claims provided for by the second section of tbte
act, being claims not then presented to the judge, or, if pre-
sented, being cases in which proceedings had been sus-
pended, i in consequence of the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury, that such claims were not provided for by
the treaty,' were left to be paid out of the general appro-
priation made by the second scction of the act of 3d March,
1823, passed to carry the treaty into effect, and have been
so paid, as far as payments have been made.
" Whenever the term of office of the judge of the superior
court for the district of East Florida expired, by death, res-
ignation, or removal, the duty of adjudicating these claims
was, with lull sanction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
performed by his judicial succcssor; and when Florida was
admitted into the Union as a State, and the Federal juris-
diction ot the territorial judges was transferred to the United
States jud«jc, the duty of adjudicating such of these claims
as yet remained to hedecided was devolved upon the judge
of the district court of the United Slates for the northern
district of Florida by the act of 22d of February, 1847. (9
Statutes at Large, p. 130.)
  " A number of the claimants having failed to present their
claims to the judge within the time limited by the second
scction of the act of 26th June, 1834, aforesaid, Congress,
by an act approved on tile 3d March, 1849, directed the Uni-
ted States judi o i'or the northern distiict of Florida to ' re-
ceive and adjudicate' their claims, and directed that they
should be 'settled,' not adjudicated at the Treasury, as
other claims under the act of 26th June, 1834, with the fol-
lowing provisoes:
"' Provided, however, That the petition for the allowance
of such claim shall be presented to said judge by the proper
parties entitled to prefer the same within one year from the
passage of this act: And provided also, That said parties
shall, respectively, allege in such petition and prove to said
judge reasonable cause for such petition not having been
presented within the time prescribed and enacted by said
act of June 26, 1834.'—9 Statutes at Large, p. 788.
" After the passage of the act of June 26, 1854* recogniz-
ing the injuries ofl812and 1813 to be within the provisions
of the tieaty, and requiring the judge of the stiperior court
of St. Augustine to 'receive, examine, and adjudge' the
same, the Hon. Robert Raymond Reid, then the judge of the
said court, proceeded to adjudicate the said claims, and to
report his decisions to the Secretary of the Treasury, ac-
cording to the provisions of the act of 3d March, 1823, passed
to carry the said treaty into effect. After he retired from
office, the same duties continued to be performed by his
successor, the Hon. Isaac U. Bronson, until Florida was
admitted into the Union as a State, when Judge Bronson,
having been appointed United States judge for the northern
district of Florida, continued and closed the said duties.
The, mode ol proceeding m these cases, proscribed by the
judge, and sanctioned by the Treasury Department, was as
follows:
" 1 Each claimant presented his claim by petition, verified
by oath, and alleging, as required by the rules prescribed
by the court, the nature and extent of his losses, and the
facts necessary to show that the claim was within the pro-
visions of the treaty. The judge examined the witnesses
when personally brought before him ; and when their tes-
timony was taken by deposition, he selected and instructed
the commissioners, and propounded cross-interrogatories
to the witnesses, as is shown by the report of the Court of
Claims in the case of Humphieys, and bythe recoids re-
maining on file m the Treasury Department.
"'AIJ the evidence was recorded, and a copy of it, and of
the decree of the judge, when " in favor of the claimants
was reported to the Department for payment, as required
by the act of 1823.
"' In Hiking up his awards or decrees, the judge allowed,
as thejustand proper measure of damages under the law of
nations necessary to fulfill the stipulations ofthe treaty, the
proved value ofthe property at the time ofthe injury or loss;
and, by way of satisfaction for the further loss of the use,
fruit*, or profits of the property, whilst wrongfully deprived
of them, and ofthe just satisfaction lor them which the law
ot nations required; and, during the period that no pro-
visions ofthe law existed for the presentation and payment
of said claim, he added five per cent, interest by way of
damages, and as an equitable measure of damages, to the
original value of the property, (being the legal rate of the
country,) and made a formal deerec that the United States
pay the same to the claimants. The decrees thus made in
favor of the claimants wore, as before stated, reported to the
Secretary of the Treasury for payment; when against them,
they were deemed final, and were never reported to the
Secretary. The report of the Secretary ofthe Treasury to
