1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
question itself to be adjusted; there was the great
interest of commerce and navigation to be regu-
lated. The whole Constitution itself was full of
difficulties and compromises. But finally, by the
blessing of God and the wisdom of our forefathers,
this instrument was the offspring of the joint in-
telligence and patriotism of its framers. What
are its stipulations? Are they entitled to be re-
spected and observed ? I ask gentlemenupon the
other side is it a bond to which their forefathers
became parties, and do they recognize the obliga-
tion faithfully to redeem it ? That is the question.
i beg leave to send to the Clerk to be read a letter
from a man who is described by a very distin-
guished citizen of Virginia (Mr. Rives) as a clarum
et venerabile nomen—I refer to Mr. Madison. It
was published only two or three years ago, and
its publication was designed to let the country
know the views of that distinguished man upon
the questions touched upon by it. The letter
refers to two or throe very exciting subjects, and
I desire to have the letter read, so far as it was
published in the National Intelligencer:
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
"Montpelier, November 27, 1819.
" Dear Sir : Your letter of the 11th was duly received,
and 1 should have given it a less tardy answei but for a
succession of particular demands on iny attention, and a
wish to assist my recollections by consulting both manu-
script and printed sources of information on the subjects of
your inquiiy. Of these, however, 1 have not been able to
avail myself but very partially.
" As to the intention of the framers of the Constitution
in the clause relating to the ' migration and importation of
persons,' the best key may perhaps be found in the
case which produced it. The African trade in slaves had
long been odious to most of the States, and the importation
of slaves into thomhad been prohibited. Particular States,
however, continued the importation, and were extremely
" averse to any restriction on their power to do so. In the
convention the forrnci States were anxious, in framing a
new Constitution, to mscit a provision for an immediate
and absolute stop to the trade. The latter weie not only
averse to any inteiferencc on the subject, but solemnly de-
clared that their constituents would ne\ cr accedc to a Con-
stitution containing such an article. Out of this conflict
grew the middle measure, providing that Congiess should
not inteiferc until the) eat 1808; with «m implication that
after that date they might prohibit the importation of slaves
into the States then existing, and pievious thcicto into the
States not then existing. Such was the tone of opposition
in the States of South Carolina and Georgia, and such the
desire to gain their acquiescence m a piohibitoiy powei,
that on a question between Die epochs of 18U0 and 1808,
the States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Con-
necticut (all the eastern States m convention) joined m the
vote for the iattei— influenced, however, by the collateral
motive of reconciling those particular States to the power
over commerce and navigation, against which they ft It, as
did some other States, a very stiong icpugnance. The
earnestness of South Caiolina and Georgia was further
manifested by then inkling on the security m the fifth ai-
ticle against any amendment to the Constitution affecting
the light ieserved to them, and their uniting with the small
States, who insisted on a like security lor their equality in
the Senate.
a But some of the States were not only anxious for a
constitutional provision against the intiodiiction of slaves;
they had scruples against admitting the tcim 'slaves ' into
the instiumerit. Hence the descriptive phrase,' initiation
or importation of persons ;> the term migialion allowing
those v  ho were sciiipulous of acknowledging cxpiessly a
-■•propeity in human being-, to view imported persons as a
speeics of emigrant"?, while other; might apply the term to
foieign malefactois, sent oi coming into the country. It is
possible, though not lecollecTed, that some might have had
an eye to the ease of ficed blai ks as well as malefactors.
"i3ut, whatever may have been intended by the term
1 migration" or the tenn 'person4*,'it is most certain that
they referred exclusively to a nngiation or importation from
other countries into the United States, and not to a removal,
voluntary or involuntary, of slaves or freemen fiom one to
another part ol the United States. Nothing appears, or is
rccollccted. that warrants this latter intention. Nothing in
the proceedings of the State conventions indicates such a
constiuction there. Had such been the construction, it is
easy to imagine the figuie it would have made, m many of
the States, among the objections to the Constitution and
among the numerous amendments to it, pioposed by the
State conventions, not one of which amendments lefersto
the clause in question. Neither is there any indication that
Congress have heretofoie considered themselves as deriving
from this clause a power over the migration or removal of
individuals, whether freemen or slaves, from one State to
another, whether new or old ; for it must be kept in view
that if the power was given at all, it has been in force eleven
years, over all the States existing in 1808, and at all tunes
ovei the States not then existing. Every indication is
against Mich a constiuction by Congress of then constitu-
tional power-*. Their alacrity in exeieising their powers
relating to slaves is a pioof that they did not claim what
they did not exercise. They punctually and unanimously
exercised the power accruing in 1808, against the further
importation of slaves from abioad. They had previously
diiected theii power over American vessels, on the high
sea1*, against the African tiade. They lost no time in ap-
plying the prohibitory power to Louisiana, which, having
matitime ports, m>ght be an inlet for slaves fiom abroad.
IUu tuey forhor-5 to extend the prohibition to the introduc-
tion ot slaves fiom other parts of the Union. They had
even piohibited the importation of slaves into the Missis-
sippi Teri>tory, from tuithovtthc limits of the United St<zte$y
in the year 1798, without extending the prohibition to the
introduction of slaves fiom within those limits; although,
at the time, the ports of Georgia and South Carolina were
open forthe importation of slaves fiom abroad,and increas-
ing the mass of slavery within the United States.
'* If these views of the subject be just, a power in Con-
gress to control the interior migration or removal of persons
must be derived from some other source than section nine,
article first; either from the clause giving power1 to make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States,' orfrom tbat
providing for the admission of new States into the Union.
" The terms in which the first of these powers is expressed,
though of a ductile character, cannot well be extended be-
yond a powei over the territoiy as property, anda powerto
make the provisions really needful or necessary for the
government of settlers until ripe for admission as States
into the Union, ft may be inierrcd that Congress did-not
regard the mteidict of slavery among the needful regula-
tions contemplated by the Constitution, since in none of
the teiiiTonal governments eieated by them is such an in-
terdict to be found. The power, however, be its import
what it may, is obviously limited to a Territory while re-
maining m that ehaiacter, as distinct from that of a State.
" As to the power ot admitting new States into the Federal
compact, the questions offering themselves arc : Whether
Congress can attach conditions or the new State concur in
conditions which, after admission, would abridge or enlarge
the constitutional rights of legislation common to other
States; whether Congress can, by a compact with a new
member, take power either to or from itself, or place the
new member above or below the equal tank and lights
possessed by the others; whether all such stipulations,
expressed or implied, would not be nullities, and so* pro-
nounced when brought to a practical test? It falls within
the scope of your inquiry to state tlie fact that there was a
pioposition in the convention to discriminate between the
old and the new States, by an article in the Constitution de-
claring that the aggiegate number of Representatives from
the States thmeafter to be admitted should never exceed
that of the States originally adopting the Constitution. The
proposition, happily, was rejected. The efFeet of such a
discrimination is sufficiently evident." * *- *
" With respect to what has taken place in the Northwest
Terutory, it may be observed that the ordinance giving its
distinctive character on the subject of slaveholding pro-
ceeded fiom the old Congress, acting with the best inten-
tions, but under a charter which contains no shadow oi the
authority cxeicised; and it remains to be decided how iar
the Stales formed within that Tcmtory and admitted into
the Union are on a different tootingfiomitsothermembers
as to their legislative sovereignty.1' * * *
" Whethci the convention could have looked to the ex-
istence of Maveiy at nil m the new States is a point on
which 1 can add little to what has been already stated.
The great object of the convention seemed to be to pro-
hibit the increase by the importation of slaves. A power
to emancipate slaves was disclaimed; nor is anything rec-
ollected that denoted a view to control the di"tiibution of
those within the country The case of the Northwestern
Teintory was piobably superseded by the provision against
the importation of slaves by South Carolina and Georgia,
which had not then passed laws prohibiting it. When the
cxistenec of slavciy in that Teriitory was precluded the
importation of slaves was rapidly going on, and the only
mode of checking it was by narrowing the space open to
them. Jt Is not an unfair inference that the expedient
would not have been undertaken if the power aftei wards
given to teimmate the importation eveijwheie had existed
oi been anticipated. It has appealed that the present Con-
gress never followed the example during the twenty yerus
preceding the piolnbitory epoch." * ' * *
"Under one aspect of the general subject I cannot avoid
saying that, apart from its merits under others, the tend-
ency of what has passed and is passing fills me with no
.slight anxiety. Parties, under some denomination or other,
must always be expected in a Government as free as ours.
When the individuals belonging to them aic intermingled
in every part of the whole country, they strengthen the
union of the whole while they divide every part. Should
a state of panics anse founded on g^ogiaptiical boundaries
and othei physical and peimanent distinctions winch hap-
pen to coincide with them, what is to contiol those great
j epulsive masses fiom awful shocks against each other
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The House will see
that this letter of Mr. Madison, written m 1819, is
a review of the slavery features of the Constitu-
tion. It is a very interesting document, and one
which will address itself, I have no doubt, with
great force, to the understanding of every fair-
minded man. It was written when the Missouri
question was under agitation. It was called out
in reply to aletterof Mr. Walsh, of Philadelphia,
and it made its first appearance in print in 1856.
I trust the House will not fail to remember that,
upon Mr. Madison's testimony, it appears that
this slavery question was one of the deepest ex-
citement in the convention; that it exercised the
most anxious consideration of the fathers of the
Republic; that its adjustment was deemed of the
first andmost vital consequence; that, so far from
its being a common sentiment of that body or
of fhe country, that slavery was: to end, there was
an earnest and determined purpose that it should
be protected and preserved. In the final settlement
of the question, what do we see? Massachusetts,
Connecticut,No wHampshire, the only non-slave-
holding States now which were then represented
in that convention, voting for the extension of the
time for the impoitation ol' African slaves, while
Virginia voted against it.
Now, this being the state of the-
men, let me call your attention to the provisions
of the Constitution; The consideration, on the"
part of t]ie northern States, for yielding this pro-
tection to*the institution of slavery., was the power;
over commerce and'navigation—a power fraught
with the greatest mischief to the country^
of us believe, and one .which Has beeja,th§ source
of innumerable woes to one portion of the TJaioiau:
But that was the consideration, if thjs high testi-
mony is to be believed. Accordingly, th<jlQ
Constitution was formed; when it was
to the peoplS; when the various' conventions o£
the different States passed upon it; they had all
these views upon the subject of slavery before
them, and they knew that the adoption-of this
feature in the Constitution was essential to th©
adoption of other provisions to which other States
were averse; indeed, to the adoption of the Con-
stitution itself. Hear how the clauses deigned
for the protection of slavery read:
" Repiesentatives (says the Constitution) and direct,
taxes shall be apportioned among the seyerai States whieii
may be included within this Union, according'to their
respective numbers, wliich shall be deteimiuud oy addimr
to the whole number of free persons, including thosfe bound
to service for a term of years, ond excluding Indians not
taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
I pray gentlemen to pause here a moment, while
I consider this feature. The solemn declaration
which the Declaration of Independence contains,
that the people have a right to establish their form
of government on such principles and in such
forms as to them may seem/it, is here again illus-
trated. They confined this Federal .Government,
in express terms, to the people therein described.
They recognized the existence of slavery; and,
instead of giving to the South the full benefit of
her laboring population, they cut her down to
three fifths. They thus recognized the principle
that they were not parties to the compact. They
created a form of government by which these
people are excluded, and gave a representation,
according to the usual conception of it, of three
fifths of t heir property, in order that there might be
a guarantee for its protection—a guarantee against
the invasion that has been sedulously attempted
from the first year of the Constitution. Is that
compact an obligation upon you, gentlemen ?
When you take your oaths at that desk, to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, do you
or do you not take an oath to stand by and hold
sacred this provision ?
But that is not all. Here is another provision
to which I desire to call your attention. The
ninth section provides that—
"The migration or importation of such persons as any
of the States now existing fchall think proper to admit sjiall
not be prohibited Dy the Congress prior to the year 1808."
There is another express stipulation that until
1808, the preexisting right of importation of Afri-
can slaves should not be prohibited. Did you, or
did you not, agree to that obligation? Did the peo-
ple of the free States agree to it? Mr. Madison
tolls you that every one of the States now free,
then represented in the convention, agreed unan-
imously to extend the privilege of importation up
to the year 1808. Why was that privilege ac-
corded ? That slaves might be imported; that they
might be preserved as such; that they might be
used as such. Were they imported for the pur-
pose of manumission? Were they imported to
be set free, in accordance with the views now
spread over the country, that our forefathers ex-
pected slavery to end shortly? Were they brought
into the country, at the expense of the purchaser,
under an obligation to set them free? I put the
question to you, gentlemen, and to every person.
Is not the argument violative of all the principles
of probability, and is it not directly in the teeth
of the plainest obligations? I say, then, that the
power to import, which was recognized and con-
tinued up to the year 1808, imposed, ex vi termini,
an obligation to protect and preserve, and not de-
stroy and annul, that institution.
But that is not all. The next clause to which
I invite the attention of the House is this:
u No pei^on held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, c«eaping into another, shall,, in conse-
quence of any law oi regulation therein, be disehargedfrom
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the paity to whom such scivice or labor may be dud."
Again, article five provides:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds ofboth Houses shall
deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Con-
stitution, or, on the application of the Legislatures of two
