1860.
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3157
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to ask the Senate
to take up a bill 
Mr. BIGLER. I think there will be no objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill I have moved
to take up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it. I object to all
Fensions. 1 never voted for a pension in my life.
would not vote a pension to General Washing-
ton, if he was living.
SAMUEL It. FRANKLIN.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up a bill to
•which I think the Senator from Georgia will not
object. Itis a case where a lieutenant in the Navy
served .oil board of a ship as purser; tod he asks,
and the committee have reported, that he should
receive, during the time lie served as purser, the
pay of a purser, deducting the pay of a lieuten-
ant. It lias been done in every case.
Mr. GREEN. I think the bill ought to be taken
up and passed. I do not know anything about
this case, but I know, for want of pursers, lieu-
tenants.have been detailed to perform the duties,
and they have been placed under the responsibil-
ity of pursers, and they ought to have the pay of
pursers. It is right.
There being no objection, the bill (No. 398)
for the relief of Samuel R. Franklin was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to allow to Lieutenant Sam-
uel R. Franklin, United States Navy, in the
settlement of his accounts, the difference between
the pay he received as lieutenant, and the pay a
purser would have received, on board the United
States sloop-of-war Falmouth, during the period
in which he discharged the duties of purser on
board that vessel; but the sum allowed is not to
exceed §598 63.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 307)
to repeal the second section and other portions of
an act passed the 2d of June, 1858, entitled "An
act to provide for the location of certain confirmed
private land claims in the State of Missouri,/nd
for other purposes." /
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL. V
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the regular order
of business. There is a quorum now present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 304) inviting proposals for carrying the
. entiremail between the Atlantic and Pacific States
in one line, which was under consideration at the
time the Senate took a recess, is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the ques-
tion being on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Polk] to strike out the second section
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
California.
Mr. YULEE. The question, as I understand
it, is on striking out the second section; and I
have a word to say upon that. I have nothing to
say upon the general features of this proposition
until it is m the shape ill which its friends pro-
pose to submit it to the judgment of the Senate;
but I hope this section will not be stricken out. 1
think it is a desirable feature in the bill, if it is to
be adopted.
I treat this question, Mr. President, not in the
light of a benefit to individuals or to sections, but
in"*its postal aspectaltogether; and in that aspect,
if it be practicable for the Postmaster General to
make the arrangement by agreement with the But-
terficld contractors which is proposed m till? sec-
ond section, it would be a desirable piece of legis-
lation. If nothing more than that was done, and
if all else of the bill were stricken out, I would
like the adoption of tlmt, if so it be thatthePost-
master General has not the power now, by agree-
ment with the contractors, to do the same thing,
which I believe he has without authority of
law. The effect would be simply this: the time
now, under the present contract, is twenty-five
days from St. Louis to San Francisco, and it is
twice a week. The tune between St. Louis and
New Oileans, by railroad, now, is two days, or
less. This proposes to make ail airangement by
which there shall be a conveyance from New Or- I
leans to San Francisco in twenty days, and three i
times a week. Now, if you add two days to the 1
time to bring your mails from St. Louis to New
Orleans, theadvantage which we shall have gained,
without any cost to the Government, will be in the
conversion of a twice-a-week mail in twenty-five
days to a tliree-times-a-week mail in twenty-two
days, even fromlSt. Louis, accommodating New
Orleans and all the southern and Gulf section bet-
ter, and accommodating New York, and the re-
gion North, nearly as well; for the time between
New York and New Orleans now is only three
and a half and four days, and then; is very little
difference between the time from New York to
St. Louis. If therefore, it be practicable to make
this arrangement, by which we shall convert a
twice-a-weck mail into three times a week, and
reduce it from.a twenty-five days schedule to a
twenty-two days schedule from St. Louis, even
St. Louis will be benefited. I think the Post-
master General may do this, in agreement with
the parties, without legislation; but if legislation
be necessary, I hope it will be given, if nothing
■else in the bill be adopted. I shall therefore vote
against striking out.
Mr. GREEN. I shall vote in favor ofstriking
out, and for this very plain reason: I am not sec-
tional in my opinion; but it is an unmistakable
fact, which no man can deny who looks at the
geography of the country, and looks at the map,
that St. Louis is the great center of the Missis-
sippi valley. Why shall wo therefore diverge
and dodge around, and reach Missouri by a cir-
cumlocution, rather than come direct by the But-
terfield route, as it now is? Is it right to do so?
So far as the accommodation of New Orleans and
all the surrounding country that depends upon
New Orleans is concerned, she has accommoda-
tions sufficient, and I am willing to give her more
if she has not sufficient; but to takeaway the only
accommodation that Missouri has in the center of
her State, the very heart of the State, I think very
unkind treatment.
Now,t}« St. Joseph mail I have no objection
to; but, at the same time, it must be remembered
that the St. Joseph mail is a Chicago mail; it is
not a St. Louis mail; and where is St. Louis to
get a direct mail if you take away the Butterfield
contract? The Senator says he thinks the Post-
master General, with the consent of the parties,
has the right already. That may be, for aught I
know; but if it bo so, let him take the responsi-
bility. So far as it depends upon my actiori,^hey
shall not have my consent, because itis wrong in
itself, and detrimental to the interests of my con-
stituents. I want a direct communication from
that heart of the Mississippi valley to the center
of commerce on the Pacific coast. The heart of
the one is St. Louis, the center of the other is San
Francisco. There is no mistake about this, and
it cannot bo disguised. Now, sir, I shall insist
upon it; I will stand by this; and if the Postmaster
General—if the Congress does not act on it—
chooses to take some other coursc, he takes the
responsibility. I will not take that responsibility
in advance of him, or screen him from the just
iridignation that will fall upon his head if he dare
take away a right that belongs to our Slate.
Mr. TOOMBS. St. Louis is nothing but a
country village.
Mr. GREEN. St. Louis nothing but a coun-
try village ! There are not five cities in the Union
that arc her superiors; and the Senator from Geor- !
gia cannot put five together in his State that will 1
be her equal. He may take five of the biggest
he has got, with all their commerce, and they will
not be equal to St. Louis. So with the Senator
from Florida. He may lake the whole State, and
it will not, compare with Missouri, it will not
compare with St. Lotus, of Missouri.
Mr. POLK. His whole State sends but one
Representative; and St. Louis sends one, with a
laige margin.
Mr. GREEN. My colleague reminds me of;
the fact that St. Louis sends one Representative,
with « large margin, and Florida only sends one
from the whole State.
Now, I ask, Mr. President, is it right to dis-
card the interests of a great people, numbering
one hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants, with
■ a commerce, in proportion to the people, superior
| to any in the whole scope of this Union—1 assert
I that without qualification; New York not ex-
cepted—with a commerce superior, in fft-oportion
to population, to any city in'this Union"? Shall
we cut that off ? Will you say you will send by
St. Joseph, by Chicago, and Now York,-by San
Antonio and New Orleans, and dodge St. Louis,
the heart of the Mississippi valley? I have been
told by the Senator from Florida that'there is a
rapid and speedy communication from St. Louis
to New Orleans. I think,there is; but X wilistafe
to that Senator this: that it is just about as -far,
in my opinion, from St. Louis'to New O'rleansas
it is from New Orleans to St. Louis. That is my
calculation. I think itis; and therefore I think
it is just as well to come by St, Louis and go to
New Orleans as it is to come by New Orleans
and go to St. Louis. Is it not so?
Mr. YULEE. No; because by the present
contract it is twenty-five days from St. Louis to
San Francisco, while by the proposed arrange-
ment it would be twenty days from New Orleans
to San Francisco 
Mr. GREEN. They make it in twenty-two.
Mr. YULEE. Giving the Senator's town of
St. Louis three days' advantage in this case.
Mr. GREEN. If the Postmaster General has
the power to change at all, cannot he change it
from St. Louis and will not these parties change
it to correspond in time ? If you will give them
the privilege to chalk out their own route, let
them go by San Antonio and the Chico pass, and
Albuquerque, across the Colorado by the Walker
pass, and they will m&ke it in eighteen days; and
I think my friend knows it.
Mr. TOOMBS. If my friend will allow me a
moment, I think they can settle this difficulty.
Let them start at St. Louis and go by New Or-
leans, and then they will gain two votes. That
seems to be the only difference between them.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Georgia is a
little mistaken. They can go from St. Louis a little
quicker than they can from New Orleans; and if
he will look at the map and consider the route
they have to run, he will know it; and if he speaks
without knowing it, I excuse him. I know they
can go from St. Louis a little quicker than froth
New Orleans.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is the other way with the
Senator from Florida.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. He said the present
contract gave them a certain time; but by the new
contract they could doit from New Orleans with-
in twenty days. 1 say if the Postmaster General
has a right to make anew contract from'New
Orleans, he has a right to make a new contract
from St. Louis.
Mr. YULEE. The difference is this: he will
have to pay them for a new contract from St.
Louis, whereas this proposed increase of trips
three times a week instead of two can be done
without any increase at all.
Mr. GREEN. I say, if you are talking about
the power of the Postmaster General to increase
the trips or increase the speed, he has got as much
in the one case as in the other, and you know it.
Mr. YULEE. But this limits it.
Mr. GREEN. It limits it income cases. Then
limit it in the same cases, and start from St. Louis.
Why do you not do that?
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will speak
to the Senate, and not to the Senator from Florida.
Mr. GREEN. I care not what the Senator
from Georgia says. I intend to discuss this ques-
tion, bccause I know what I am talking about,
whether he does or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri has the door.
Mr. GREEN I know I have.
Mr. TOOMBS. I make the point of order. I
shall be very glad to hear the Senator, butl want
him to address himself to me and the Senate, in-
stead of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. GREEN. I have no"right to address my
argument to liim; but I address the President,
and I want him to hear me; and I intend to ad-
dress him, and to do it in order. I trust the Pres-
ident will hear me, and I want them all to hear
me. I hope he will be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is in order.
Mr. GREEN. I intend to confine myself to
order. But to admonish me that 1 shall address
one particular Senator does not suit my taste. I
address you, sir, as the President of this body,
and I want all Senators to hear me; but for one
