3158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Senator to say, "I want me to be addressed,"
does not sail my taste.
Mr.-TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken. I
objected to his addressing one Senator. He was
addressing the Senator from Florida.
.Mr. GREEN. Now, sir, I undertake to say
that this transportation will better accommodate
the public from St. Louis than it will from New
Orleans. New Orleans already has the same ac-
commodation that St. Louis has. The propo-
sition is to take this away from St. Louis, and
add to the accommodation of New Orleans.
St. Louis is the great center, as I before re-
marked, of the Mississippi valley; and I put it to the
judgment of honorable Senators, and to you, Mr.
President, is it right, while New Orleans already
has the same accommodation that St. Louis has, to
take away the only accommodation that she has
and add it to the accommodation of NewOrleans,
because it is a southern city ? Is that right? Is
it reasonable? Is it conformable to the principles
by which we are governed in our legislation ? If
you,say wo need no legislation, and leave it all to
the Postmaster General, very well; but. if you
undertake to interpose at all, and direct the Post-
master General what he shall do, X think it our
duty to tell him what we think the public good
requires, and what the public wants demand.
Acting on that principle, I say that these public
wants and these public duties require us to con-
centrate the great western mail at the great renter,
the city ofSt. Louis. It is in the line of Cincin-
nati ; it accommodates Pittsburg; it accommodates
-Cleveland; it accommodates Chicago; it accom-
modates Louisville-, it accommodates Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, and New York; while if you di-
verge, and go North or go South, y ou discommode
some portion of these cities. If we are to look
to the greatest good to the greatest number, strike
at the heart of the Republic, and then let it dis-
seminate itself according to the wants of commerce
and to the convenience of the commercial inter-
course. For that reason, I hope that section will
be stricken out; and I shall vote in favor of strik-
ing it out, not to do harm to others, but to retain
a right which is no more than already is enjoyed
by New Orleans, and which does not detract from
any right enjoyed by any city of the Noith. It
will be for the benefit of the center; but it is a
benefit already enjoyed, with no reflection upon
the Postmaster General; because if Congiess is
to take the subject in hand at all, they ou^ht to
act upon it in the manner they deem best for the
public interest.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am very glad of these little
controversies between interior villages upon this
subject with reference to this communication with
the west coast of America. I suppose almost
everybody who has looked into this question
knows that we have but one commercial center
this side of the mountains. On this side, it is
New York. There is the seat of the. bullion trade;
there, is the sent of the commerce of the country.
All the goods and all the supplies to California
are sent from the.re. The goods of this country
and of foreign countries are brought there to be
sent; and therefore the most direct and speedy
communication, the most advantageous to the
public, ought to go from New York to San Fran-
cisco. These are the two points on this conti-
nent. It is all folly to talk about centers in Mis-
sissippi and centers in Georgia. My little village
is the center of a county. I suppose somebody
else's city is the center of a State. I hope it will
go over all such places that, happen to lie in the
way, no matter whether it be the great city of St.
Louis, or the speckled hen's nest. If we want to
promote the commerce of the country, we should
make a communication the most ready, the cheap-
est, and the best for the people who have, got
business with one another. I apprehend, with-
out looking into the statistics, that ninety per
cent, of all the correspondence between the At-
lantic and Pacific coast is between New York and
San Francisco; and those are the two points to
unite. I know it is for the business, and the cot-
respondence follows the business; and, therefore,
if he wants to get the best communication, the
only one should be there.
As for having one at the South, what do we
want with one? I never wrote to California in
my life; and I suppose I have as much business
as the average of Georgians there; and I never
received any letter, except to get an ofiicc or an
appropriation, and 1 should be very glad to get
rid of them. But the business petjple who are
connected with this affair are from New York and
San Francisco. The South does not want any.
We have got nothing to send there. We do not
make merchandise. They do not consume cot-
ton. The gold trade, if it should come there,
would pass through. We mak?something better
than gold; but if we do not, whatever we have
got must go somewhere for a market. The truth
is, we have got no business with it; and the bul-
lion trade of California, what California raises,
gold, goes to regulate the great exchange of the
continent. What she wants goes from New York;
and therefore, whenever you make the best com-
munication, whether by sea or land, from Now
York to San Francisco, no matter what place it
goes by, you have accomplished.a great public
object, and that is the only object you ought to
look to; and whether it is to go by Galveston, or
New Orleans, or St. Louis, or Charleston, or Sa-
vannah, is all noiisftnse.
Mr. YULEE. With the permission of the
Senate, I propose to vary the entertainment. W&
have spent some time upon this question; and I
hope the Senators in charge of this subject, and
feeling interest in it, will consent to its postpone-
ment, with a view of taking up the Post Office
appropriation bill for I860, that we may dispose
the question punding in relation to that. I make
that motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of the bill now
before the Senate to take up the bill making further
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, I860.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to make an in-
quiry. If the Post Office deficiency bill is dis-
posed of to-night, will this bill be in order in the
morning at twelve o'clock?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I do not object to fin-
ishing the Post Office bill to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
will suggest to the Senator from California that it
will require a vote to take it up to-morrow, unless
it is taken up after the Post Office bill is disposed
of to-night, and left as the unfinished business.
Mr. POLK. I think we might as well have a
vote on this question.
Mr. YULKE. Let us lay it aside informally
byxeneral consent, and take up the other bill.
Mr. LANE. I object to it.
Mr, RICE. I am sorry that the Senator from
California should yield to the Post Office appro-
priation orany other bill. This measure has been
crowded out every time it lias been brought up,
and, from present appearances, I expect it will go
out at the tail end of the session, just as it come
into it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone this bill.
Mr.GWIN. Informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To informally
lay aside this bill in order to take up the Post
Office deficiency bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to have a vote
taken on this section before that is done.
Mr. GREEN. Let us vote the motion down.
Mr. YULEE. I withdraw my proposition, to
allow a vote to be taken on this section; that is,
if the vote can be taken at once.
Mr. GREEN. Withd raw it or not, as you
please, i have but a word to say. The great
blundormadeby most men who consider this sub-
ject is ibis: they look from New Yuvk to San
Francisco. Now I know that the trade from New
York to San Francisco may be conducted by the
isthmus with more facility and with greater profit
than it can overland; and I will say further than
that, you may make forty railroads direct across,
and still the trade will go that way. But I am
talking about the trade from the center of the Mis-
sissippi valley to the Pacific. That is a different
thing. The trade from Missouri, from Illinois,
ftom Iowa, and from Minnesota, to the Pacific,
is a very different thing from the trade from New
York and Boston and Philadelphia. The trade
upon the eastern border may bu conducted across
the isthmus cheaper; and that trade will always
| go that way to San Francisco, instead of across
! the continent. You may make forty railroads
! and it would be the same.
Mr. LANE. They go around the Horn; they
cannot go over the railroad.
Mr. GREEN. They will go over railroads
when you make railroads enough; and they will
be made when you give them protection enough.
What I am talking about is a connection from the
center of the Mississippi valley, from Minnesota,
from Iowa, from Illinois, from Michigan, from
Arkansas, from Mississippi, and the center of all
these States, I think, is m my State—in St. Louis;
but I will not press this any further. I think the
public judgment will see that this is just and fair
and reasonable. I will not take the time of the
Senate to elaborate it when I know it is so fair in
itself.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will allow
my motion to be put now.
Mr. POLK. I think we had better take avote
on this section.
Mr. GWIN. I hope my colleague will permit
this section to be stricken out.
Mr. POLK. Let us take a vote on it.
Mr. GWIN, I hope my colleague will con-
sent to strike it out,
Mr. LATHAM. I prefer to have a rote upon
it. I will not consent to it voluntarily. I hope
I may bo allowed to say a word. I know how
urgent the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads is to have the Post Office
deficiency bill taken up; but I do not want to be
caught, so far as I am concerned, as a true friend
of this overland mail, in a trap; and 1 know how
easy it is for one kind of business, or one bill, to
supplant another, and measures that we suppose
arc going to take fifteen or twenty minutes, take
a day and a half. So far as this measure is con-
cerned, I will tell the Senator that I intend to
stand by this overland system until it is finally
disposed of by the Senate; and whenever the
Senate overrules me I will yield, but not before.
Mr. POLK obtained the floor.
Mr. YULEE. I hope my motion will be put,
that we may test the sense of the Senate; and as
soon as the Post Office deficiency bill is disposed
of, I will vote with the Senator to resume the
consideration of this bill. I hope my motion will
now be put.
Mr. POLK. To whom did the Chair award
the floor ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
frorft Missouri is entitled to the floor.
h'rf. YULEE. But my friend will allow me to
say that I withdrew my motion only to allow a
vole to be taken, and it was upon that condition
I did so; and I submit it to him whether I have
not a right to renew it.
Mr. POLK. In the first place, I did not hear,
the condition, and if I had, I would not have sub-
mitted to it after the statement made by the Sen-
ator from Florida, so well calculated to mislead
the Senate, as I think it is, in reference to tins
second section. The Senator has said that, by
the second section, it is proposed to let the Post-
master General make a contract by which the mail
is to be carried from New Orleans to San Fran-
cisco three time a week in twenty days; and then
he says that New Orleans can be reached from St.
Louis in two days, and thus there wiil be twenty-
two days from St. Loujs to San Francisco by the
way of New Orleans, in place of twenty-five days
by the Buiterfield route. Now, sir, m the first
place, that Butterficld route has averaged less than
twenty-two days. Twenty-five days is the limit
of the contract. It has always* run inside of it,
and has averaged twenty-one days and fifteen
hours. Then the Senator from Florida is chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of the Senate, and that Senator well knows
that there is no contract for carrying the mail be-
twixt New Orleans and St. Louis in two days. I
venture to say it is not short often days. 1 should
be glad if the Senator would answer how long is
the shortest time—that is, the contract service—
between St. Louis and New Orleans.
Mi. YULEE. I know that the mails are car-
ried now upon railroads. They have been taken
off the river, I think—and if they have not been,
they ought to be—and placed upon the railroads.
I know, or at least I liave been informed, that
: travelers come within two days between St. Louts
and New Orleans; and I know that the Govern-
ment is paying for the transportation of the mails
upon the railroads upon which travelers go, and
