2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
oracles of ancient faith, dogmas that are to gov-
ern the country. We are sent here, sir, for prac-
tical legislation. I endeavored, about a week ago,
to impress that sentiment on the Senate, but my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] thought
it was better to let Senators on the other side talk
on. He thought they would talk out by and
by, and that the best way to come to practical
business was to let them discuss these resolutions
forever. He will probably find out when the Dem-
ocrats get talked out; but 1 venture to say, if some-
body will set by as a sort of teaser, to read a text
now and then, iust exactly such speeches as we
have heard will be made from now until the election
nextfall. 1 have not taken anoteof a word that has
been said. I have heard but little, very liule of
them;and therefore 1 am notprcpared to make any
comment, running or general, upon the speeches
which have been made; but there have been two
or three ideas thrown out, and promulgated and
repeated (and I may say I believe there is never a
spcech made here on any doctrine now that is not
repeated and reiterated over and over again) that
I wish to combat for a moment or two, and those
relate to the position which the Federal judici-
ary occupy in regard to these feuds in the Demo-
cratic party in relation to squatter or popular sov-
ereignty.
Now, sir, I have had occasion heretofore to
say some things which may sound as hostile to
this tribunal, the Supreme Court of the United
States. 1 propose now to defend them, and to
defend them from the uses to which it is attempted
to put them. If there was one single idea that
was uppermost in the minds of the great fathers
of English liberty—and our liberty is English
liberty—itwas the independence of the judiciary.
The revolution of 1688 was principally valuable
from the fact that it made the judiciary independ-
ent of the Crown, and made it, or put it in a sit-
uation in which it was intended to be made, a per-
manent, intiependentjudicial tribunal, with which
the Crown could not interfere. There was more
progress made when that point was attained in
English history, than had ever been attained in
any century before. The British Government
then became a Government of law, instead of a
Government of men, and the arbitrary action of
the British Crown at that time was paralyzed, and
the rights of Englishmen then began to be meas-
ured, enforced, and protected by an independent
judicial tribunal.
Wei!, sir, when our fathers came here, after
the war of the Revolution was over, that was one
of the main objects of the Federal Constitution;
and so far did our fathers go in that respect, that
they looked to it as an independent department
of the Government. They made the executive,
the legislative, and the judicial. They declared
that
" The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one sjuptemc Court, and in sucli mtcuor <. ouus as the
Congress may from tunc to time ordain and establish."
And to secure this great idea of judicial inde-
pendence, they further declared that the judges,
both of the Supreme Court and inferior courts,
should hold their offices during good behavior;
and that they might not be fearful of the"effects of
popular disfavor for any judgments winch they
might pronounce, the compensation which they
were to receive was to bo permanent, and not sub-
ject to any diminution during the time for winch
they held their offices. The great, the wise, and
the good men that formed this Constitution sup-
posed, when they had done that, that they had, m
fact, established an independent judiciary, where
the citizens of all the States of all parties, of ail
sects, and all sections might resort, having confi-
dence in the independence, the learning, the intel-
ligence, and the integrity of the tribunal which
was to be the final arbiter of disputes between
individuals and States. I suppose, as a general
proposition, this fact will not be denied or caviled;
it will be conceded.
Hut, sir, I charge that this Democratic party,
by their action, by^their speeches, by their policy,
have made tne action of this Government operate
to defeat the very purpose of the founders of the
Constitution. You have done it, in the first place,
in the manner in which you have filled up the
bench. You have taken politicians of the most
ultra charactcr, entirely independent of their rep-
utation for learning or for any of the character-
istics whichshouid befoundma judge; you have *
sought such politicians and filled up the bench
with them. Weil, sir, that would have been well
enough—not well enough, but not so bad—if you
had let them alone after you got them there; but
the attempt is made now—1 do not pretend to
give the words, but I certainly give the idea—to
make this Supreme Court nothing else but a sort
of stakeholder between the contending parties
into which the country is divided. The propo-
sition was made, I think, by the Senator from
Illinois. He said, in substance, we agreed to
think so much, and let you think so, and unite
our forces together, and beat our opponents, and
then let the Supreme Court come in and decide
who shall have the stakes—who was right. In
that way the Supreme Court is made a mere
stakeholder between the parties. Well, sir, after
you have thus demoralized the court; after you
have brought them in and committed them, in the
worst and most odious form m which they could
be committed, to the political controversies of the
day, then you say this great question was agreed
to be submitted to the court, and the court have
decided it. This 1 deny utterly, totally, and en-
tirely. Who agreed to leave this question to the
court? When was the compact made? When
was this rule of reference entered into, by which
the contentions that have been going on in this
country ever since its foundation, on these great
principles, by those who are contending on one
side and the other on this question, were to be
submitted to the Supreme Court? Never, sir;
never. I deny it utterly. I am content to deny
that, and call upon anybody else for the proof.
Rut let me go further. Suppose it had been agreed
that this question should be submitted to the ju-
diciary, and by them decided, what is theveiy
first rule of law m reference to judicial judgments?
Whom does it bind? The parties and privies to
it; nobody else. It binds the parties to the suit,
and those that are privy to it.
Now, sir, you pretend that this great question
that had agitated the country and divided thecoun-
try so long was decided under a solemn agreement
bv the Supreme Court, in the Drcd Scott case.
What is the history of that case? What was it?
Before the passage of this Kansas-Nebraska act,
m which you say this great compact was entered
into, and this agreement made, there had been
commenced in the State of Missouri, by a negro
slave, a suit for his freedom m the State courts;
and it is pretended and contended now that that
great party m this country which is contending
for the same policy which had prevailed from the
foundation of the Government down to a very
late period, were bound, and bound m a manner
from which they cannot with honor retract nor
retrace their steps, to abide the decision which
may be made m a suit in the State courts of the
State of Missouri, for the fieedom of a negro
slave,before the act in which you made the agree-
ment was passed-
1 heard the honorable Senatorfrom Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] in commenting on this subject, say
that the policy of prohibiting slavery in the Ter-
ritories, as it was enunciated by the ordinance of
1787, had never been ratified by the General Gov-
ernment, notwithstanding that an act passed m
! Washington's administration, had been so often
! quoted; and when he read the act, the preamble
! of which positively declared that the object of it
i was to give full effect to that oidinance, and to
make jl conformable to the Constitution of the
United States, he said that could not have been
the meaning of those who made the preamble, be-
cause, in 1793, soon after, they passed a law by
which those hold to service and labor, as well
south as north of the Ohio river might be returned
| to those to whom the laborwasdue, assuming by
that that under the phrase, "held to service,"
nobody but slaves were included. Upon that ar-
gument he based the assumption that the pream-
ble to the act of 1789, by which the ordinance of
1787 was reenacted, did not mean what it said it
meant, to give effect to the ordinance. But, sir,
the Senator ought to know, and I have no doubt
the Senator does know, that the words, " held to
service," used in the fugitive slave law at that
time, did embrace, and were intended to embrace,
other persons than slaves; that there were con-
tracts for labor by which minors were bound to
apprenticeship; there was an extensive class of
contracts in the eastern States, by which passen-
gers from Europe were obligated, as the price of
their passage over from the old country to this,
to serve for a limited time by law; and that there
were numerous classes, at that time, existing in
the country, held to service under the law, besides
those who were commonly reckoned as skives.
If the Senator will look at the debates on the
adoption of the Federal Constitution, to be found
in the Madison Papers, he will find that, in one
particular place, where the phrase, " held to ser-
vice " is now found, it was originally "held to
servitude," and the word "servitude " was strick-
en out, and the "service" inserted in its place,
because the mover said the word "servitude"
implied the condition of slavery, and " held to
service " was applied to freemen. Thus it will
be seen that the argument that the men who passed
the act of 1789, under Washington, did not mean
what they said m the preamble they did mean, to
give full effect to the ordinance of 1787, so far as
that particular allegation goes, falls utterly.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 did not hear the whole of the
remarks of the Senator from New Hampshire-,
but I would like to ask him if I understand him
to deny that the act of 1793 had relation to negro
slaves m the Northwest Territory ?
Mr. HALE. I will tell the Senator what 1 did
say. I understood the Senator from Missisisppi to
quote that sentence as proof that slavery did exist
north of the Ohio river, and he brought that up as
an argument to show that the preamble to the act *
of 1789 did not mean what it said it did, because
the phrase there used described slaves.
Mr. DAYIS. Does the Senator deny that ?
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, if he does not deny it,
what is the Senator objecting to?
Mr. HALE. 1 will tell the Senator what I did
say. It not only describes the condition of slaves,
but it describes the condition of a large class of
other people who were not slaves. Then, if it
describes another large class that were not slaves,
theargumentof the Senatorcertainly is notsound,
when he quotes that as proof that the preamble
to the act of 1789 did not mean what those who
passed it said it meant.
Mr, DAVIS. I hope the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him for an instant o*ply, and I will
not do it asram.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. DAViS. If we do not rest simply on the
construction of the language there employed, it
is a historical fact, and I assume that the Senator
knows as much as he supposes me to understand,
and that he do^s know that slaves were held in
the Northwest Territory, and that they continued
in Illinois and Indiana down even to a very re-
cent period.
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President, it would
take mc some time to tell all I know about that.
[Laughter.] I know very well, when laws abol-
ishing slavery were passed in all the States, that,
there were individuals who, at the time of the
passage of the act, sustained the relation of slaves
to their masters; and that after the passage of the
act, they continued to remain with their masters
just exactly as they did before, and when the cen-
sus was taken they were put down as slaves, and
called, and, perhaps, toali practical intentions and
purposes, were slaves. I know that they existed
so, not only in the Northwestern Tcmtory,but I
can remember in the State of New Hampshire,
since I came to years of recollection, individuals
that occupied precisely this relation, who used to
be slaves, and continued to be slaves, or to be
reckoned and counted as slaves, down to the period
of their death, though, if any attempt had been
made to enforce, by law, the claim of their master
to their ownership, or to their service, contrary
to their will, they could not have enforced it
through the courts. I have no doubt that in the
NorthwesternTerritory there were individualsoc-
cupymgpreeisely thatrelaUon; but I do not know,
and I do not believe, it is the fact, that, after the
passage of the ordinance of 1787, there did exist
m the whole extent of that Territory, one single
individual against whom the claim of slavery
could be enforced by the courts after the passage
of that law. I have not the decisions by me; but
I think I am not mistaken in the fact that it is a
matter of judicial record that the courts have de-
cided that that ordinance of 1787 not only ex-
cluded slaves from being carried there, but was
of itself the abolition of slavery in regard to those
that were there. That I understand to be the ju-
