1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&159
that they have a right to put upon these routes
whatever mail matter they please.
While 1 am up the Senator will allow me to
gay that I am quite aware that the service between
St. Louis and San Francisco, although the con-
tract schedule is twenty-five days, is performed
in about twenty-one and a half or twenty-two
days; but with a schedule of twenty days from
New Orleans, the presumption is fair that the
time employed will be ratably as short as the
actual time from St. Louis compared with the con-
tract time, and we may reasonably expect it
therefore in eighteen days from New Orleans.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Florida, I un-
derstand, cannot answer the question, how long
is the shortest contract-time for carrying the mail
between St. Louis and New Orleans?
Mr. YULEE. Nu._
Mr. POLK. Well, sir, the very thing we com-
plain of in St. Louis is, that it is a hard matter to
get the Postmaster General, or any person else
here, to recognize the fact that there are people
living on the west bank of the Mississippi river.
The fact is, that this village of St. Louis, as the
Senator from Georgia has called it, since I have
lived there, has grown more than all the cities of
Georgia put together.
The Senator says that a gentleman can travel
from St. Louis to New Orleans in two days. I
know he can, in something like that time now,
where the railroads are; but the Postmaster Gen-
eral could not get any contract to deliver the
mails in such time, or at least he has not yet been
able to do it. I venture to guess—f think I may
do that—that the mail does not pass between St.
Louis and New Orleans in less than ten days, or
seven days at the outside. 1 know very well that
about a year ago, a member of my family was
near PortGibson, on the Mississippi river, on the
line between St. Louis and New Orleans, and it
was frequently fourteen days before a letter would
come from there up to my hou'se in St. Louis. A
letter would come from San Francisco frequently
in as short a time as it would come from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. TOOMBS. You lived off the line of com-
munication.
Mr. POLK. Yes; very much out of the way.
A city of one hundred ana seventy'five thousand
inhabitants, on the Mississippi river, is very much
out of the way! The Senator, who lives in Geor-
gia, that constitutes the ends of the skirts of the
coat, that is, on the lapels of the country, thinks
that he is right in the center. 1 do not blame him.
He is like the gentleman that the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] told us of some time
ago. He said he had the best situated place he
knew of on the face of the globe, because you
could go from his house to anywhere else.
[Laughter.] That is the way it is with the Sen-
ator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me tell my friend one
thing about us: we never come here to bother the.
Government as beggars for anybody to come to
us, unless they want to do so, nor to go through
our State.
Mr. POLK. Nor do we, sir. We only want
this: that when a man from Missouri, from Illi-
nois, from Indiana, from Maryland, from any
place East, from Georgia, desires to go to San
Francisco, he shall be permitted to go the way
that his knowledge of the best mode of reaching
there will take him; and if he intends togoover-
*land, he must go through St. Louis.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know of but one
place to compare with it; and that is the place
that Virgil described—facilis descensus Jivtrni.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, X was wondering
whetu«r the Senator from Georgia really had ref-
erence to that classical line when he spoke. That
is rather far-fetched. I suppose, though, it has
been some time since the Senator read Virgil.
I only rose to answer the Senator from Florida,
who, I thought, put this thing to the Senate in a
way calculated to mislead, as though it would
add only two days in the mail time to go from
St. Louis to New Orleans. It would add many
times two days. They do not come in two days
from New Orleans to St. Louis. Thatisagrand
mistake. No such mail time has ever yet been
made, and I very much doubt its being made very
soon.
Mr. YULEE. I renew the motion which I
made a short time ago; and I hope it will be the
pleasure of the Senate to lay aside, even if it be
informally, the bill which is now under consid-
eration, in order that we may dispose of the bill
of the House No. 503.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall take that bill
up. Let us get it to a conference, and settle it if
we can.
The PRESIDIO OFFICER. It is moved to
la^ aside the bill under consideration, and take up
the Post Ofiice deficiency bill.
Mr. LATHAM. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word. If those who are friendly to this overland
mail bill would come directly to voting, instea.d
of speaking on the subject, perhaps the Senator
from Florida would withdraw his motion to post-
pone, and take up the Post Ofiice bill. ["Oh,
no!"]
Mr. HUNTER. We must take up the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then we may vote you
down.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Bingham, Bragg, Brown, Cameion,
Chandler, Clark, Davi*, Fessonden, Fitch, Foot,. Foster,
Hamkn, Hunter, Pearce, Powell, Ten £yek, Toombs,
Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Dooiiitle, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Gwin, Harlan, Hemphill,. fveivon, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Polk,Rice,Sew-
ard, Simmons, Sumner, and Wilkinson—2U.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on striking out the second section of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Califor-
nia.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bi h'r, Himht, Cameron, Fe^senden,
Fitch, Fitzpatuck, Fo-.fei. Giecn, Hemphill, Johnson of
Tennessee, Lane, Nicholson, Peaice, Folk, Sebastian,
Simmons, and Wade—L7.
NAYS — Messfw. Bingham, Brags, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Davis, Doolutle, Foot,Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hunter, Ive^on. King, Latham, Powell, Sowatd, Sumner,
Toombs, Wilkinson, Witeon. and Yulee—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. Inasmuch as the vote upon this
section has been taken, I hope my friends who
have charge of this bill will agree to allow the
Post Office deficiency bill to be disposed of now.
I think it will occupy but a very short time. I
see no reason, in fact, why it should occupy more
than fifteen minutes, and it is very desirable that
our action should be determined, in order that the
House may be m possession of the bill and have
time to consider the new proposition which we
shall make to them, if the Senate concur in the
substitute which I propose to offer for the House
amendment. I hope the Senate will agree now
to take up that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
lay aside the bill under consideration for the pur-
pose of taking; up the Post Office deficiency bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I call for a division.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 13.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Post Of-
fice deficiency bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to
make a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. YULEE. I yield for that purpose.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the com-
mittee of conference on the.disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 416; to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main, and for other purposes, made the following
report:
Thf  committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No, 416) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain, and for other pur-
poses, having met, and after a free and full conference, they
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to the
respective Houses as follows r
Tiiat the House of Representatives do recede from its
amendment to the bill of the Senate, and agree to the said
bill of the Senate, (S. No. 416,) with the following amend-
ments :
Section one, line eleven, strike out the word " and."
Section one, lines twelve and thirteen, strike out the
woids,I* and become subject to private entry."
SecV*>n one, hne nineteen,after the word "register,"
insert the words, " or receiver of said laud office."
Section one, at the end thereof, inseit:
Provided^ That nothing m this section shall be so con-
strued as to embrace, or in any way include, any quarter
section, or fractional quarter section, of land upon winch
any preemption right has been aequned prior to the passage
of this act : &ul provided farther, That all entries made
under the provisions of this section upon lands which have
not been offered for public sale, shall be confined to and
upon sections designated by odd numbers.
Section seven, at the end thereot insert:
Provided further, That ali persons who are preSmptors
on the date of the passage of this act, shal), upon the pay-
ment to the proper authority of sixty-two ahd one half cents
pei acre, if paid within two years from the passage of this
act, be entitled to a patent from the Government, as now
piovided by the existing preemption laws.
Strike out section eight.
Section ten, line nine, after the word u time/' insert the
words, '• after an actual settlement of six months, and."
And that the Senate do agree to the same.
AND1U3W JOHNSON,
SIMON CAMERON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
WILLIAM WrNDOM,
Managers on the jtart of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move a con-
currence in the report of the committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Ten-
nessee will permit it to lie over and be printed,
and take a vote on it when the Senate is full. It
is a very important question; and we have had a
great deal of discussion about it. I am rather dis-
posed, so far as I am concerned, to agree with the
committee of conference; but I think we had bet-
ter have a full vote on it. The Senate is not full;
and I think the Senator will accomplish his object
entirely by letting it be printed and lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. LANE. Let him explain it.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to that at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think the bill
is well understood; and it is growing late in the
session. There have been three committees of
conference upon it; and I do not think the Senate
will have any objection to what has been agreed
upon. There are no material changes from the
Senate bill. If the subject is not understood by
the reading of the amendments, and if it is neces-
sary to make any explanation, I will do it; but
the bill has been before the Senate for a long time,
and is well understood by both Houses; and I
hope the Senator will not insist on the motion to
postpone, and have it printed.
Mr. LANE. We do not want it postponed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move a con-
currence in the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.FixzPAT-
rick in the chair.) It is moved that the Senate
concur in the report of the committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. WADE. Wc had better have the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PEARCE. I voted under a misapprehen-
sion; and not knowing what the report of the
committee is, I beg leave to change my vote. I
vote nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 36, nays
2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Crown,
Cameion, Chandler, Claik, Davis, Doohttle, Fiteh, Fitz-
patnck,Foot, Foster, Green, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
John&on of Tennessee, King, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Nich-
olson, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulee
—36.
NAYS—Mcssis. Bragg, and Pearce—2.
A subscqucntmessage announced that the HQuse
concurred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 416) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain,
and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
An act (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel H.
Taylor; and
A bill (S, No. 206) for the relief of Emilie G.
