1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
that the northern and western judges equally con-
curred. As this stipulation was the result of a
compromise upon which turned the posaibility of
union, it will be seen that they recognized and
laid down the doctrine, in the fullest sense, that
the slave owner had the same right to pursue his
property into each and all of the States of the Con-
federacy that he had within the State in which he
resided. And, sir, I ask gentlemen, when they
look at this grave question in this view, when they
remember Mr. Madison 'sexposition of the history
of that day, whether they could have obtained some
of the provisions which inurp to their advantage
without the amplest protection of this particular
interest? I ask them how they have proceeded
to execute this law within their limits ? It is a little
remarkable , and I desire to call attention to it, that,
although this interest was thus protected by a com-
pact to which all the States of the Union were
parties, and after full and careful consideration;
yet, sir, a year had not passed after the Constitu-
tion went into operation, before slavery agitation
began.
I beg gentlemen also to remember that this agi-
tation did not come from the South; no, sir, Yet
it be known to gentlemen of this House and to
the country that that agitation came from the
North. In the first volume of the Annals of Con-
gress, 1789-90-91, gentlemen will find, under date
of 11th February, 1790, that an elaborate memo-
rial was presented by Mr. Fitzsimmons, addressed
to the Senate and the House of Representatives.
That memorial gave rise to a lively and animated
debate which covers a number of pages. I ad-
vert to it here, so that tho'so who are curious may
consult it. That debate, sir, is interesting, as it
illustrates a dawning disregard, at that early day,
of solemn constitutional obligations. It exhibits
the source, the fountain of those bitter waters
that have spread gradually over the whole coun-
try, poisoning not only the political but even
the social relations. This agitation began to
strengthen. The cxcitemcnt increased. Memo-
rials were offered in large and larger numbers.
The policy of antagonism, to southern property
at that time, although in its infancy, yet, sir, was
fully developed. It was agitate, agitate, agitate;
render insecure and unsafe the property of the
slaveholder; that property, sir, which ought,
under solemn constitutional obligations, to have
been protected and secured; that property which,
for the stipulations m the Constitution securing its
safety, full and ample price had been paid.
They went on agitating, year after year, until
finally, sir, what do wc see? It is not necessary
for me to call attention to the acquisition of Lou-
isiana; it is not necessary for me to speak of the
fact that it was a Territory in which the institution
of slavery had already teen planted; that it ex-
isted and had been planted by force of the civil
law throughout its vast limits. Missouri asked
to come into the Union; then, sir, we saw an effort
made to keep lier out, which shook this Union to
its foundation. Mr. King, of New York, pro-
claimed upon that occasion that the subject was
one not of humanity butof power. He said that
no interest ought to be put in competition with
political power. If it was, as one of the original
parties to the compact, he said that he felt himself
in honor bound not to submit. He said, more-
over, that the admission of Louisiana itself cre-
ated- a new confederacy, a compact, and that if
an attempt to extend slavery beyond the Missis-
sippi succeedcd, the people of the North ought
not to submit for any interest whatsoever. I call
attention to these declarations of that man, not
only because of his ability and distinction in the
country at that time, but because it proclaims the
real motive which has disturbed this Union. It
was a question of political power, a question
which overrode all other interests, obligations of
sacred compacts and all. All, all, sir, were as
nothing compared with the question of political
power.
It has been the fashion, Mr. Clerk, to charge
upon the Democratic party the responsibility of
agitating the slavery question for the sake of its
own advantage. Sir, this question was brought
forward by Mr. Taylor, and was sustained by
Mr. King. As I want to hurry over this point,
I think I cannot do better than call the attention
of the House to a letter from Henry Clay to Mr.
Woods, of Albemarle, Virginia. I trust that there
arc still some here who were old Whigs that have
not lost all affection and veneration for the memory
of that distinguished statesman. The Clerk will
read what I send to him.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Albemarle, Virginia, September 2,1856.
Dear Sirs : In a conversation, a few days since, with
a Repiesentative in Congress from tbisState, allusion being
made to a ietter-from Mr. Clay to my late brother, William
S. Woods, giving the part which he had taken in bringing
about the Missouri compromise, considerable anxiety was
expressed that the lettei might be published; and I here-
with inclose to you, his ever constantand devoted friends,
the original, that you may do with it as you think proper.
Yours most tiuly, JOHN It. WOODS.
Messis. Gales & Seaton*, Washington.
Ashland, July 16, 1835.
Dear Sir : I have duly received your favor of the 8th
instant, and feel greatly obliged by the friendly sentiments
and the constancy with which you have adhered to me. I
regret extremely that I can supply you with no copy of any
speech that I ever made on the Missouri question. The
debate was long, arduous, and, during the last agitation of
the question, I spoke almost every day for two or three
weeks on the mam or collateral questions. The set or pre-
pared speech which I made of three or four hours' duration
was never published. Of my share in the debate there is,
therefore, only a meager account to be gleaned from the
papers of the day.
The question first arose in the session of 1819-20. When
the bill for admitting Missouri into the Union was on its
passage, Mr. Taylor, of New York, proposed to insert in it,
as a condition on which the State was to bccome a member
of the Confederacy, that it should never tolerate slavery or
involuntary servitude. The argument by which that prop-
osition was maintained by himself and others was, that
slavery was contrary to divine law and to the acknowledged
lights ofman; thatitoughtnottoexist; that it is an admit-
ted evil; that, if the General Goveramcntcannotextirpate
it in the old States, it can prevent its extension to the new;
that, being contracted within a limited sphere, it will be
less pernicious and more controllable; that Congress,hav-
ing the power to admit new States, may prescribe the con-
ditions of their admission; and that in all preceding in-
stances of the admission of new States some conditions
weie annexed.
To all this wc replied that the General Government had
nothing to do with the subject of slaveiy, which belonged
exclusively to the several States; that they alone were to
judge of the evil and the remedy; that every State; had such
entire control over tlio matter that those which tolerated
slavery might abolish it, and those whirl) never had it or
had abolished it might now admit it without any interfer-
ence from the General Government; that although Con-
gress had the power to admit new States, when admitted,
by the express terms of the Constitution, they were on the
same footing m every respect whatever with the senior
States, and consequently had a right to judge for them-
selves on the question of slavery; that, if Congress could
exercise the power of annexing a condition respecting sla-
veiy, they might annex any othci condition, and thus it
might come to pass that, instead of a eonfedeiaey of States
of equal power, wc should exhibit a mongrel association;
that, m the ease of other new States, they were not con-
ditions upon their f-overcignty, but voluntary compact*,
relating chiefly to the public lands, and mutually beneficial;
that the extension of slavery was favorable to the comloit
of the slave and tu the hccuiity of tin; white race, &.c.
The proposition by Mi. Tayloi (which J think had been
made at the previous session) was deleatcd by a small ma-
jority, and the bill passed without the obnoxious condi-
tion.
Missouri assembled her convention, formed a constitu-
tion, and transmitted it to Congress. In that constitution
she unfortunately incited a clause against free blacks; and
when, at ihe session of 1820-21, it was pioposcd to admit
her into the Union, the same party who had supported the
condition, tailing advantage ot that exceptionable clause,
now opposed her admission.
I did not reach Washington until in Januarv, and when
I got there i found the members from the slave States, and
some from others, m despair. All effort« had been ttied,
and failed, to reconcile the parties. Mr. Lowndes had cx-
hau?ted all his great resources in vain. Both parties ap-
pealed to me, arid, after surveying their condition, I went
to work. 1 taw that each was so committed and so wed-
ded to its opinion that nothing could be effected without a
compromise; and the point with me was to propose some
compromise which should involve no sacnficeof punciple.
1 got a committee of thirteen appointed by the I-Iouse, and
furnished to the Speakci (Mr. Taj lor) a list of such mem-
bers as I wished, embiacing enough of the Kestrietioni^ts
to cany any measure, if they would agree with us. In
that committee I proposed, and, with its assent, reported
to the House a clause, by way of condition, to be annexed
to the act admitting her, substantially like that which was
finally adopted. It was defeated in the House by Mr Ran-
dolph and Messrs. Edwards and Burton, of North Carolina,
voting against it.
My next movement was to get a joint committee of
twentv-four appointed by the two House's. That on the
part of the House was chosen by ballot, and a list which I
made out were appointed, with a few exceptions. They
reported the resolution, now to be found on the statute-
book, which was finally passed 2d of March, 1821, and set-
tled the question.
Never did a party put so much at hazard as the Restriction-
ists did on so small a question as that was which arose on
the second occasion, growing out of the constitution ofMis-
souii. Never have I seen the Union in such danger. Mi.
King, of New York, was understood to concur in all the
measures of the Restrictiomsts. He was a member of the
Senate, spoke largely on the subject, and was most triumph-
antly lefuted in one of the ablest speeches of Mr. Pinkney,
of Maryland, that I ever heard.
Besides the topics employed in the first instance, on this
second occasion the mam effort of our opponents wa& pro-
crastination ; they urging that the matter should be put off
until the new Congress. Wc believed that their real pur-
pose was to consolidate their party and to mfiueneethc
presidential election then approaching. 1 never was in
better health and spirits, and never worried my opponents
more. I coaxed, soothed, scorned, defied them by turns,
as I thought the best effect was to be produced. Towards
those, of whom there were many from the free States,
anxious for the settlement of tile controversy, I employed
all the persuasion and conciliation m my power.
At the conclusion of the business I was exhausted} and
I am perfectly satisfied that I could not have borne three
weeks more of such excitement and exertion.
This account of that memorable question is written tor
your own satisfaction, and not for publication. It is the
first draft, and I retain no copy.
Your letter has brought on you a great infliction in this
long epistle. You must ascribe it to the friendly feelings
excited by yours. I rarely commit this sort of offense.
With great respect, I ara yours, faithfully,
H. CL^Y.
William S. Woods, Esq.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have read, Mr.
Clerk and gentlemen of the House, that letter of
Mr. Clay, as containing a sort of review of.the
great struggle upon that occasion, a struggle of
power, before which the obligations due to the
Constitution had to go down. There, sir, was
the first introduction of the principle, assuming
the cxercise of an unconstitutional power, but
which the South, for the sake of the Union, re-
luctantly consented to submit to.
But, sir, I have not done with this subject; I
choose to be full upon the subject, and I now ask
the Clerk to read a letter from Mr. Jefferson to
Mr. Holmes, and one also to Mr. John Adams.
The Clerk read the letters, as follows:
" Monticello, •April 22,1820.
" T than k you, dear sir, for the copy you have been so kind
as to send me of the letter to your constituents on the Mis-
souri question. It is a perfect justification to them. 1 had
for a long time ceased to read newspapers, or pay any at-
tention to public affairs, confident they were in good hands,
and contcnt to be a passenger in our bark to the shore from
which 1 am not distant. But this momentous question,
like a fire-boll in the night, awakened and filled me with
terror. I considered it at once as the knell of the Union,
it is hushed, indeed, for the moment. But this is a reprieve
only, not a final sentence. A geographical line, coinciding
with a marked principle, moral and political, once con-
ceived and held up to the angry passions of men, will never
bo obhtciated; and every new irritation will mark itdceper
and deeper. I can say, with conscious truth, that there is
not a man on earth who would bacrifice more than I would
to relieve us from this heavy reproach, in any practicable
way. The cession of that kind of property, lor so it is mis-
named, is a bagatelle, which would not cost me a second
thought, if, in that way, a general emancipation and expa-
triation could be effected; and, gradually, and with due sac-
rifices, I think it might be. But as it is, we have the wolf
by the ears, and we can neither hold him, nor safely let
him go. Justice is in one scale, and self-preservation in
the other. Of one thing I am certain, that as the passage
of slaves from one State to another, would not make a
s-lavo of a single human being who would not be so with-
out it, so their diffusion over a greater surface would make
them individually happier, and proportionally facilitate
the accomplishment of their emancipation by dividing the
burden on a greater number of coadjutors. An abstinence,
too, from this act of power, would remove the jealousy ex-
cited by the undertaking of Congress to regulate the condi-
tion of the different descriptions of men composing a State.
This ccrtainly is the exclusive right of every State, which
nothing in the Constitution has taken from them and given
to the General Government. Could Congress, for example,
say that the non-freemen of Connecticut shall be freemen,
or that they shall not emigrate into any other State?
" 1 regret that I am now to die in the beliet that the use-
less sacrifice of themselves by the generation of 1776, to
acquire self-government and happiness to their country, is
to be thrown away by the unwise and unworthy passions
of then sous, and that my only consolation is to be, that I
live not to weep over it- If they would but dispassionately
weigh the blessings they will throw away, against an ab-
stract principle raoie likely to be effected by union than by
secession, they would pause before they would perpetrate
this act of suicide on themselves, and of treason against the
hopes of the world. To yourself, as the faithful advocate
of the Union, 1 tender the offering of my high esteem and
re&pect."  
"Monticello, Janvary22,1821.
**********
" Our anxieties in this quarter arc all concentrated in the
question, what docs the Holy Alliance in and out of Con-
gress mean to do with us on die Missouri question? And
this, by-the-by. is but the name of the ease, it is only the
John Doe or Richard Roe of the ejectment. The real ques-
tion, as seen in the States afflictcd with this unfortunate
population, if-, aic our slaves to be presented with freedom
and a dagger? For if Congress has the power to regulate the
conditions of the inhabitants of the States within the States,
it will be but another exercise of that power to declare that
all <5hall be fiee. Are we then to see again Athenian and
Lacedemonian confederacies ? To wage another Pelopon-
nesian war to settle the ascendency between them.? Or
is this the tocsin of merely a servile war? That remains
to be seen; but not, I hope, by you or me. Surely, they
will parley awhile and give its time to get out of the way.
What a Bedlamite is man ? Hut let us turn from our own
uneasiness to the miseries of our southern friends. Bolivar
and Morillo, it seems, have come to the parley, with dispo-
sitions at length to stop the useless effusion of human blood
in thatquaiter. Ifearedfrom the beginning,that these people
