2216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
war*" approved March 18, 1818, to the officers,
soldiers, and musicians of the Army, and the offi-
cers, mariners, and marines of the Navy of the
United States in the war of 1812 between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain; which wag read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions,
MILITARY SIXES IN TEXAS, ETC.
Mr. STANTON asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to report back, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting an estimate for the
rent of sites occupied in Texas, at different times,
by commanding officers of the United States
troops, and for wood and timber taken therefrom
in Texas and California.
T&e Committee on Military Affairs was dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
and it was referred to the Senate.
william Austin's xepresentatiyes.
Mr. CASE introduced a bill for the relief of the
legal represen tati ves of William Austi n, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
uniteb states district court in alabama.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill to change the time
for holding the terms of the district court of the
United States for the northern district of Ala-
bama; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
florida courts.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill to change
the time for holding the courts in the northern
district of Florida; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
trial of civil cases.
Mr. BURCH introduced a bill to authorize a
change of the place of trial in civil cases in the
circuit and district courts of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
. mail contract.
Mr. OTERO introduced a bill to authorize con-
tracts for carrying the mails and troops and naval
and military stores on the New Orleans, Ope-
lousas, and Great Western, the Sabine and Rio
Grande, the Southern Pacific, and New Mexican
railways, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the special
committee on the Pacific railroad, and, with an
accompanying memorial, ordered to bo printed.
SOLDIEUS AND WIDOWS OF THE WAR OF 1813.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill for the benefit of the soldiers and widows of
the war of 1812; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
The call of the States for bills having been con-
cluded,
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States
for resolutions, for reference only.
NAVY-PAY BILL.
Mi. MORSE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the rules be fru.-pended for the purpose ot
permitting the Navy-pay bill and amendments to be re-
poited, and that Tuesday, the :29th of May, be assigned lor
it-; consideration. ~ '
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object to the resolution;
and, under the rules, it must lie over.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must lie over,
if any gentleman desires to debate it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 desire to ask
a question for information. 1 understand that
the resolution of the gentleman from Maine is
laid over under the objection of the gentleman
from Ohio. Will it come up again in one hour,
or must it lie over until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
will come up as the regular of business, when-
ever that class of business is called.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will it come up
after the call of the States for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
it will not come up until the business upon the
Speaker's table is called for. Whenever the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table is called for, this rcs-
oliititfn will be in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Can one objec-
tion prevent the consideration of the resolution
now?
The SPEAKER. It does, under the rules. If
debate arises, it must lie over.
Mr. MORSE. I withdraw the resolution. I
now ask one favor of the House. I ask unani-
mous consent to report a public bill for reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that it be printed. It is a bill to
carry into effect a conditional contract made by
the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object. I
insist upon the call of the States in the regular
order. When the call is through, I shall ask
leave to report the river and harbor bill.
Mr. MORSE. It would not have taken as much
time as the gentleman has taken in objecting.
tiie coolie trade.
Mr. ELTOT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the House of Representatives
any information, recently received, respecting the Coolie
trade, which has not been heretofore communicated to
Congress.
CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. DELANO submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agrffculture be in-
sti ueted to inquire respecting the novel and alarming mal-
ady now prevailing among the cattle in certain localities
of the United States, known ^■pleuro-pneur^onia; that they
consider whether the infection has, or is likely to, become
so general as to be a subject of national concernment, and
to recommend any action which it may be competent and
expedient for Congress to take, in view of terminating the
ravages of so destructive a disease.
slate trade.
Mr. WELLS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report lortluvith a bill providing that any person
purchasing any negro or other person impotted into This
country in violation of the laws for suppressing tlie slave
tiacle, shall not, by reason of said puichase, acquire any
title to said negro or pei&on, and where such puichase is
made with a knowledge that such negro or other person
has been so imported,shall forfeit not less than $1,000, and
be punished by imprisonment for a term not less than six
months.
Mr. THOMAS, I desire to debate that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then it must lie over.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. SCHWARTZ. I offer the following res-
olution, which is one of importance to my con-
stituents:
Resolvtd, That tlie Committee on Public Expenditures
be insti ueted to report a bill leductug the compensation of
members of the Senate and House of Kepiet-entatives to
eight dollars per day for each day of actual service.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I wish to debate
that resolution.
The resolution accordingly, under the rule, was
laid over.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT,
Mr. MONTGOMERY submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President ol'
the Smat<. and the Speaker of the iioNsc adjourn their re-
spective Houses on Monday, the lith of June, at twelve
o'clock, meridian.
Mr. BLAIR. I object to that resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, also objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
previous question on its adoption.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to lay the resolution
on the table,
Mr. CLARK E. COCHRANE. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. M1LLSON*. T rise to a question of order.
I submit that that resolution cannot be received,
cxcept by unanimous consent, or bj' a suspension
of tlie rules. It is not a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the resolution was received in a regular call of the
States for resolutions, and it is regularly and prop-
erly before the House.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Michigan. I objected to
the resolution when it was first proposed. How
does it come before the House?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I suppose I have the
floor upon the resolution, and I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a Question of order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the res-
olution on the table is pending, and that must be
first put.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania was entitled to the floor upon his own
resolution, and how could the gentlemanfrom In-
diana have the floor to move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
The States are being called, as 1 understand, for
the introduction of such resolutions as shall not
give rise to debate. A proposition was made
distinctly, to debate the resolution, and it must,
therefore, under the rule, lie over.
The SPEAKER. Such would have been the
order but for the fact that the previous question
was demanded.
Mr. MAYNARD. The previous question was
not demanded until after it was proposed to de-
bate the resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I objected to
the resolution before there was any demand made
for the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. The resolution was in order,
and no gentleman could take the floor from the
gentlemanfrom Pennsylvania until he had time
to call the previous question.
. The SPEAKER. The Clerk wilt read from the
Manual the rule on the subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" A demand for the previous question immediately upon
submitting a resolution prevents debate ; and if seconded,
the resolution need not lie over as in case of debate aris-
ing."
Mr. REAGAN. I hope the gentlemanfrom
Pennsylvania will permit me to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ No amend-
ment is in order. The first question is on the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD.- What disposition has the
Chair-made of my question of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has overruled it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I respectfully take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the appeal ac-
cordingly laid on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I called the previous
question upon the resolution. There are, how-
ever, I understand, several amendments which
gentlemen desire to offer, and for the purpose of
giving them that opportunity, I now withdiaw
the'demand.
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
first called by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
and I do not withdraw the call.
Mr. SHERMAN. If 1 can be permitted to
offer an amendment providing for evening ses-
sions, I, for one, will not oppose the resolution;
but it is evident that we cannot get through the
business of the House by the 11th of June, at the
rate we are going on.
Mr. STANTON. The resolution I unuerstand
not to be debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
[Cries of " Question!" " Question!" and great
confusion in the House.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, [" Question I" " Question!"] when
ho thinks the House will be able to finish the
necessary business before us and adjourn?
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
House, I will have read for information the prop-
osition I would be willing to accept.
Several Members. Let it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, (.the Senate concurring.) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Rcpiesenta-
ttves dcclare their respective Houses adjourned sine die on
Monday, the 18th of June, at twelve o'clock, in.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The Baltimore con-
vention meets on that day. Say the 15th.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the right to modify his lesolution as
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will so modify it.
Mr. SHERMAN. And I oiler the following,
to form part of the proposition before the House:
Resolved, That after to-day it shall be in order for the
House to take a recess until seven o'clock,p. m., each day.
