254:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
the Declaration of Independence, had declared that m that
event the Almighty had no attribute that sided with the
master—he would say that if the free portion of this Union
were called upon to expend their blood and their tieasure
to support that cause which had the curse and the displeas-
ure of the Almighty upon it, he would say that this same
Congress would sanction an expenditure of blood and treas-
ure, for that cause itself would come within the constitu-
tional action of Congress, and that there would be no longer
any pretension that Congress had not the right to interfere
with the institutions of the South, inasmuch as the very
fact of the people of a free portitfh of the Union marching
to the support of the masters would be an interference with
those institutions; and that, in the event of a war the re-
sult of which no man could tell, the treaty-making power
would become to be equivalent to universal emancipation.
This was what he had then said, and he would add to it
now, that, in his opinion, if the decision of this House,
taken two days ago, should be reversed, and a uile estab-
lished that the House would i eceive no petition on this sub-
ject, the people of the North would bo ipso facto absolved
from all obligation to obey any call fiom Congress. If the
petitions were refused, then no call could be made upon
them. If the free people of the North have nothing to do
with the South, then they should not be called upon to sup-
port the South."
Mr. Ingersoll interrupted Mr. Adams with the
expression of the deep indignation of his soul at
the utterance of such a doctrine; that in case of a
servile insurrection the Federal Government would
have the constitutional right, under the treaty-
making power, to abolish slavery if called upon
to comply with the obligations of the Constitu-
tion, which required it to exercise its giant .strength
for the repression of invasion, and the suppres-
sion of domestic violence. Mr. Adams reiterated
that doctrine, so that it was not a hurried opinion,
but a deliberate judgment. lie repeated his ad-
herence to that doctrine, which every man, it seems
to me, ought to pronounce atrocious.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. If the gentleman
will yield to me, I will move that the House do
now adjourn*.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not yield. I
repeat that Mr. Adams restated his doctrine. He
again affirmed that in case of a servile war the
Federal Government would have jurisdiction over
the subject of slavery within the States, that it
would have the right, under the treaty-making
powei, to put an end to the institution of slavery.
Sir, that doctrine of course cannot fall like water
upon the sands. It fructified. It was repeatedly
adverted to by a distinguished member from the
State of Ohio. One of the members from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] the other dayrofeircd to the language
of one of the former members from that State to
whom 1 refer. I allude to the extract of a speech
made in this House by Mr. Giddings. Said Mr.
Giddings:
" Sir, 1 would intimidate no one; but I tell you there is
a spirit in the North which will set at defiance all the low
and unworthy machinations of this Executive, and of the
minions of its power. When the content shall come ; when
the thunder shall roll and the lightning flash; when the
slaves shall rise in the South; when, m imitation ot' the
Cuban bondmen, the southern vjavc^ of the South shall
feel that they are men; when they tVel the Mirnrtg emo-
tions of immoitality, and recognize the stiirin<r truth that
they are men, and entitled to the rights which God ha« be-
stowed upon them; when the slaves shall feel that, and
when mastcis shall turn pale and tiemblc, when then dwell-
ings shall smoke, and dismay sit on each countenance,
then, sir, I do not say 'we will laugh at your calamity, and
mock when your fear comethbut I do say, when that time
shall come, the lovers of our race will stand forth and exert
the legitimate powers of this Government foi freedom. We
shall then have constitutional power to act for the good of
our country, and do justice to the slave. Then will we
strike off the shackles from the limb1; of the slaves. That
will be a peuod when this Government will have power to
act between slavery and ticedom. and when it can make
peace by giving freedom to the slaves. And let me tell jou,
Mr Speaker, that that time hastens. It is rolling iorwaul.
The Ptesident is exciting a power that will hasten it,
though not intended by him 1 hail it as T do the appi oaeh-
mg dawn of that political and moial millennium which I
am well assured will dawn upon the world."
Here, then, you sec that in the Thirty-Third
or Thirty-Fourth Congress, a member upon this
floor dared to utter this atrocious sentiment. Yes,
sir, the period is hastening on when the horrors
of civil war will be abroad upon the face of the
land. The incendiary torch is to illumine our
land; murder and rapine are to run in riot over
the sunny, glorious South.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man give way to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i will very soon.
But, sir, though this 91st rule was repealed, under
the lead of John Minor Bolts and Kenneth Ray-
nor, of North Carolina, yet it brought no peace;
gave us no quiet. Agitation still continued: and
again I must introduce to the attention of this
House, Henry Clay, of Ashland, Kentucky.
The Clerk read the following letter to Mr.
Colton:
Ashland, September 2,1S43.
My dear Sir: Allow me to suggest a subject for one of
your tracts, which, treated in your popular and condcnscd
way, I think would be attended with great and good effect.
I mean Abolition.
It is manifest that the ultras of that party are extremely
mischievous, and are hurrying on the counti y to fearful con-
scquences. They are not to be conciliated by the Whigs.
Engrossed with a single idea, they care for nothing else.
They would see the administration of the Government pre-
cipitate the nation into absolute rum before they would lend
a helping hand to arrest its career. They treat worst, and
denounce most, those who treat them best, who so far agree
with them as to admit slavery to be an evil. Witness their
conduct towards Mi. Bnggs and Mr. Adams in Massachu-
setts, and towaids mc.
I will give jou un outline of the manner in which I
would handle it. Show the origin of slavery. Trace its
intioduction to the British Govufhnent. Show how it is
disposed of by tiie Fedeial Constitution ; that it is left ex-
clusively to the States, except m lcgaid to fugitives, direct
taxes, and representation. Show that the agitation of the
question in the free States will fnst destroy all harmony,
and finally lead to disunion—perpetual war—the extinction
of t^ie African race—ultimate military despotism.
But the great aim and object of your tiact should be to
arouse the laboring classes in the fiee States against aboli-
tion. Depict the consequences to them ot immediate abo-
lition. The slaves,beingfrce, would be dispersed tlnough-
out the Union; they would enter into competition with the
fiee laborer—with the American, the Irish, the German—
reduce his wages, be confounded with him, and affect his
moial and social standing. And,as the ultras go both for
abolition and amalgamation, show that their object is to
unite in marriage the laboring white man and the labonng
black woman, to rcducc the white laboung man to the de-
spised and degraded condition of the black man.
I would show their opposition to colonization. Show its
humane, ichgious, and patriotic aim. That thev are to
separate tho^o whom God has sepaiated. Why do the Abo-
litionists oppose colonization? To keep and amalgamate
togetiiei the two raeoy, in violation of God'^ will, and to
keep the blacks hcie, that they may interfere with, ciegiadc,
and debase the laboring whites. Show that the iiiitisli
Government is &o coopeiating with the Abolitionists foi the
purpose of dissolving the Union, &c. You can make a pow-
erful article, that will be felt in every extremity of the
Union. I am perfectly satisfied it will do groat good. Let
me hear from you on this subject.
HENRY" CLAY.
During the reading of the letter. Mr. Smith
availed himself of the opportunity to take a glass
of egg-nogs;.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to know whether this is a private
treat or not. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move that the
House adjourn, that we all may take the same
kind of a treat. [Laughter.]
The CLERK. The Clerk would «ay to the
gentleman frankly, that he does not feel author-
ized to decide the question he has raised, but will
refer it to the decision of the House, if he insists
upon it. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia yield to me to make a motion?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. In a moment. The
House will bear me witness that I was very willing
foi an adjournment, out of reveicnce to " the day
we celebrate:" [great laughter:] but, sir, the party
which regards the Sabbath aw an innovation upon
popular liberty, and repudiates it as a social ar-
rangement, was not willing to manifest its rever-
ence for the birth-day of the Saviour of the world,
and hence they refused an adjournment at the
commencement of the day's session. Now, sir,
in a Christian and reverential spirit, having per-
formed a labor of love in endeavoring, however
feebly, to enlighten the darkened understanding
of that side of the House, I am willing to give
way for a motion to adjourn. [Cries of st No !"
" No !" from the Republican benches.] If it be the
pleasure of the House to adjourn, I will yield very
cheerfully. [Cries of " Cro on!"] But I must
resume in the morning.
Mr. McKiNTGHT. Before the gentleman yields,
I wish to ask him a question in reference to the
letter last read. 1 did not exactly understand it.
Do 1 understand the gentleman to say that Mr.
Clay looked upon slavery as an evil? Was that
the purport of the letter'
Mi. SMITH, of Virginia. Ask your question
to-morrow.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House, that I
care nothing, personally, about an adjournment;
but I think it is due to the boys upon this floor,
and to the employes of this House, that we should
adjourn. If there was any chance of electing a
Speaker, I should be willing to have a vote taken;
[cries of " Vote !" " Vote!"] but there is not, and
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKHNG. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If there is to be
any fuss about the matter I will go on.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. With due
courtesy to the gentleman from Virginia, I would
suggest that we all would be accommodated if the
House would consent to a motion that he should
publish the rest of his speech.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; that will
not do. I never make printed speeches; I speak
them.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man yield to mo ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will for a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire the House
to adjourn now. As was said on Saturday last,
even the negroes have one week of holiday and
recreation at Christmas; and I desire to know of
those humanitarians here—[laughter]—those gen-
tlemen who representthe philanthropists—if they
desire us to remain here at hard labor; for it is
awful hard to me. [Roars of laughter.] Will
they insist upon depriving the employes of the
House of their holidays ? 1 am in favor of having
the House adjourn for at least one week. [Laugh-
ter.] I would like it to adjourn for a time long
enough to let me go home to Kentucky. [Laugh-
ter.] If there be any chance to organize the
House, I am in favor of its organization. If there
be one gentleman here, a man of honor-—I want
it distinctly understood that he must be a man of
I honor—[laughter]—who will say that we can or-
! gamze the House by taking a ballot now, I am
' m favor of taking that ballot. I have listened with
great pleasure to the speech of my friend from
Virginia 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must call upon
the gentleman from Kentucky to make his motion,
if he has one to make.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Well, 1 move that
the House adjourn for one week.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to such a motion
as that being received.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is the day which is
observed as 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I can only say that
I cannot consent to any such motion. My speech
will hurt. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I understood that my mo-
tion to adjourn had been received.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced to call the roll.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will withdraw his motion to adjourn, I
think it probable we may have an understanding
that no ballot will be taken this evening. Let both
sides agree to that: and then the gentleman from
Virginia can proceed with his remarks.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that
utterly. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I think the House ought to
adjourn, and I insist on my motion.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I will submit to
anything required by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, who was kind enough to yield the floor to
me.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I want to know
whether the gentleman from Virginia has yielded
the floor. I object to the floor being yielded for
any purpose. [Cries of "Too late '"J No, sir;
I have been making the objection all the time.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I withdraw any
motion I have made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish my objec-
tion to be clearly understood.
The CLERIv. The Clerk will state that the
objection comes too late, a response having been
made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I can only say, Mr.
Clerk, that I hallooed as loud as I could, and as
often as I could, for two or three minutes; but I
was not recognized by the Clerk. If the objec-
tion comes too late, it is not my fault.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask whether
the unanimous consent of the House will not be
given to the withdrawal of the motion to adjourn,
in order that we may go on and hear the rest of
the speech of the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia! Let that be understood.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not intend to withdraw
