8162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
was to take effect, and to remain, until the several
contracts had expired.
But, sir, I was not one of those who was dis-
posed emphatically and distinctly to signify to
the Post Office Department that that discretion had
been exercised wisely in all cases, or that the cir-
cumstances which surrounded the Department
fcad not constrained it to go a little too far. I
thought it had gone too far in some cases, and I
was quite anxious to impress upon the Depart-
ment the necessity of restoration in many cases.
This proposition from the *commktee, I think,
amounts substantially to an invitation to the De-
partment to look upon all such cases favorably;
to review its former act, ami whenever it may
appear that the public interest requires it, the
Department are invited to restore the service; but
we forbear to exercise the discretion which be-
longs to that Department, and Congress never
should attempt to do that. That would be a most
unfortunate precedent; and I agree with every
word that the Senator from Kentucky has said on
that point. J. agree, too, that the present head of
that Department is perhaps better fitted for this po-
sition, for the exercise of this discretion, than any
other man in the country. I am sure whilst he
has often, repeatedly, rejected my views and my
requests, I have the utmost confidence in his in-
tegrity and his clear judgment; and I would not
for a momentsanction a measure which could, by
any possibility, be constiucd into a rebuke of his
administration of that Department.
Then, sir, I am satisfied with this proposition
on another point; that is, so far as it relates to
contractors whopcrform thcscrvice notwithstand-
ing the notice from the Department that the ser-
vice had been reduced. There are cases which
should be looked upon favorably. Of Course, we
cannot sanction the principle for a moment that
the discretion of the Department shall be vested
in contractors; that they shall go on, notwith-
standing the order of reduction, and perform the
service, and come here and demand pay; but, sir,
the circumstances were peculiar, and the notice
from the Department peculiar; and therefore, I
say, there is some merit in that claim. I know
personally of at least one instance in which the
contractor went on to perform the service, because
the notice to him was based on the fact that Con-
gress had failed to make the appropriation; the
inference being*, that if Congress had not so f uled,
and the Department, were in possession of means,
the reduction of service would not have occurred;
and therefore the contractor felt that he had a right
to go on, if he was willing to trust the Govern-
ment, and perform the service, and reasonably
expect pay. As 1 understand this proposition,
such eases the Postmaster General may look upon
favorably. Where the notice was based upon the
fact that the Department was wanting in means,
because Congress had failed to appropriate, they
might reasonably expect compensation under this
provision. I say, therefore, that looking at all its
points, I think it presents a fair basis of adjust-
ment between the two branches of Congress,
and at the same time to meet the exigencies
which our own failure at the Inst Congress pre-
sented to I ho country; for we are, in fact, account-
able for at least some of the deficiencies m the
mail service, of which we have heard so much
complaint.
Mi. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that the
Senator from Kentucky, and also (be Senator from
Florida, both lose sight of the circumstances un-
der which this mail ser\ic<i has been contracted
for. Now, sir, if it had been contracted in the
ordinary business of the Post Office Department
the case would be very different. 1 have, confi-
dence in (he integrity and ability of the Postmaster
Geoeiuh and i would be very far from control-
ling hi.s discretion to i '-store service which he had
curtailed in the ordinary di.charge of his duties as
the head of that Department: but this was an ex-
traordinary case. We failed to make the appro-
priation to carry on the Post Office Department:
and the Postmaster General found himself with
this great Department upon his hands, and no
money to carry it on; and he did curtail, as has
been well suggested by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, in many instances, wherever lie could
do so without too great a sacrifice of the public
interests, because he had no money to pay. I
should like to restore the service in all those
cases. I should like to have the service restored ;
in every case where the Postmaster General would
not have curtailed it if the appropriation had been
made. I would not restore it in a single case
where he would have curtailed it if he had had
the ordinary appropriations. That is what I
would like to do.
The Postmaster General, after having curtailed
the service generally throughout the country, as
he did, and having to doit immediately,without
perhaps sufficient investigation in many cases,
because there was an urgency pressing upon him,
will hardly feel at liberty to go on and restore
these routes. Therefore, I think it is well that we
should pass some provision upon this subject,
and it seems to me we had better take the House
provision, and that will end this thing. There
nave been several committees of conference upon
it already, and they have been unable to agree;
and finally the House has submitted a proposi-
tion, which I think is substantially very different
from their first proposition, although the Senator
from Florida thinks otherwise; and if we cannot
get that, then I would take that proposed by the
Senator from Florida. ' I think that we should
certainly adopt the one or the other; but m my
judgment, the better course, the shortest course,
and the one that would do as ample justice as any
other, is to adopt the House amendment, and
close this subject of difficulty between the two
bodies. As the Senator from Maine well said, the
chief difference seems to be that in one, according
to the House amendment, the service is restored,
and the Postmaster General then supervises it,
and sees how much of it he would have discon-
tinued if the ordinary appropriations had been
made, and how much of it is really unnecessary;
and in the other case instead of restoring at all,
he reinvestigates the matter, and rouoius such
as he thinks, in his judgment, it is proper to
have restored. You come to the same point at
last.
I will not take up time on this subject. I am
happy to concur in what the Senator from Ken-
tucky has said in regard to the Postmaster Gen-
eral. I am glad that we have a head of one of
the Departments, who seems to possess the con-
fidence of all sides.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Illinois has
assumed tlmt the Postmaster Geneial discontin-
ued and curtailed various routes, perhaps almost
all on which he did order any discontinuance or
curtailment, because of the failure of the bill last
session making appropriations for the Post Office
Department. lie assumes that the failure of that
bill was the cause of the discontinuance and cur-
tailments 
Mr. TRUMBULL. A portion.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, of a considerable por-
tion,as 1 understood him to say. Now, tlmtheing
so, I think he will have to change his course un-
less he finds reason to change the opinion which
he lias just expressed. He is entirely mistaken
in the assumption that the Postmaster General
was induced, by the failure of the appropriations,
to discontinue and to reduce this mail service. 1
have a letter from the Postmaster General ad-
dressed to me, a few passages of which 1 propose
to read, to show how and why it was that he
made the discontinuances and the curtailments.
He says;
"In some of the correspondence hastily prepared by
clerks, which has taken place between contractors and tliib
j Department, language may have been calculated to make
j the impression that the faitme of the Po^t Oflice pppropri-
I auou bill was the immediate cause of the euiuiim< nf-= of
| the mail service which have taken plaee. Such, howevei,
| was not the ca-e. Nor a single insfineeof euitailment
I has occurred of which, in the souse refeired to, such faihue
j was the t misc. The deieat of that bill piompted toathoi-
( ouuh icviMon of the seivice, but it was the ia< which
i this revision hiou^ht to Is^'nt which led to it-reduction.
I Had these fact- b<-en brought to the notice of the Depait-
j merit in any other way, the ■same ic-ult would have fol-
j lowed, ft the failuicof the appiopnution bill had been the
i, cause, then the etntaiiment \\ Inch followed would have
been umvoi nil. and no mute would have escaped its oper-
ation. So tar from tins being the tact, each ease was dis-
posed of on its own merits, and upon the statistics of (he
sciyk v w Inch it di-Uosed. The punciplc was ccneral, and
the only inquiry was, whether the iceeiptx and expend-
mncs of the particular service piesented such a (imparity,
or brought it within the operation of the rule? The
complaint, therefore, of contractors, that the rejection of
j! the appropriation hill inflicted upon them all the damages
i: to their pecuniary interests which followed from the re-
jj trenchments, is simply a complaint that, by its non-action.
[| Congress unwittingly placed in the hands of theDepait-
ment lights which have guarded it in the discharge of a great
public duty that arose out of the actual status of its service
—a status whicn neithei the success nor failure of the ap-
piopriation bill could have in any manner modified or con-
trolled."
And he quotes a passage from one of the ear-
liest letters written by himself, under the date of
AprU 29,1859. This is the language:
" In consequence of the failure of Congress to make ap-
propriations for the postal service, this Department has •
been induced to make searching scrutiny into the necessity
of a large portion of its mail service, and the result has
been its reduction to a considerable extent."
So that the failure of the appropriation bill, at
the last session of Congress, may be called causa
causansy but not the immediate cause of reduction.
This made it necessary to examine into the mail
service by that Department, and that examina-
tion disclosed the fact upon which it evidently
became, as he thought, the duty of the Postmas-
ter General to discontinue and curtail service on
various routes.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maryland if he is not aware that in
several instances where the curtailment was made,
the Postmaster General has afterwards, after it
was made, restored it himself?
Mr. PEARCE. Undoubtedly; I know that,
and it is perfectly consistent with all that I have
said. The Department had, in a very short time,
to examine into the service on over eight thousand
routes. It is not at all surprising, therefore, that,
in regard to some of those routes, mistakes have
been made. The head of the Department did not
examine with his own hands and his own eyes,
or did not turn over each record and examine it
for himself. He, of course, trusts all these de-
tails of duty to his subordinates in the office.
Some of them may have been carclcdls. At all
events, reports were made to him which proved
to be incorrect; and in several such cases, to my
knowledge, he has restored the service.
Now, sir,I entirely concur in the remarks which
fell from the Senator from Kentucky, and which
were so well expressed. The amendment of the
House is pro tanto an administration of the Post-
Office Department; a function for which, I think,
this body and the other House of Congress are
just as little qualified as it is possible to imagine
a body to be Besides, I find that the House, in
their amendment, have excepted from the routes
proposed to bo restored two routes, from Neoshc
to Albuquerque, and from Kansas City to Stock-
ton, and a portion of another route. This makes
it incumbent upon him, since the language is
peremptory, to restore other routes which are
decidedly objectionable, routes which occasion
great expense, and which produce very small re-
turns; and not only routes overland towards the
Pacific, but interior river routes, some of them
costing large sums of money, and yielding re-
ceipts too small to be specified. I do not know
that the service which has been substituted for
those routes will be called improved service over
the same routes, since some of these river routes
have been replaced by railroads and other means
on land. As I construe the amendment of the
House, these river routes must be restored; and
thcyamount to several hundred thousand dollars.
I do not think they ought to be restored. The
Postmaster General tells us that he thinks they
ought to be restored; and that they were discon-
tinued not because Congress failed to make the
appropriation at the last Congress, but because
that failure made him scrutinize the service, and
disclosed to him the fact that this service was not
such as was proper and beneficial to the public
interest. But it must be restored, if you adopt
the amendment of the House. It really looks to
me like puerility to restore routes which tlje Post-
master General, in another clause of the amend-
ment, is authorized to continue or curtail at
once.
You undertake, also, if lie does restore this ser-
vice, that he may put it down without the con-
tractor being authorized to call for the usual allow-
ance. I do not know whether that is competent
for you to do; and if parties are acting under a
contract, I doubt whether it is. All contracts
but one or two stipulate that the Postmaster Gen-
eial may discontinue or curtail service, or suspend
service, upon giving one month's allowance to the
contractor. That being the contract, I do not
know that anything you can put into this bill will
