2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
the stage, and robbed him of |10,000. That is all
there is in it, and the question is whether the
Government wili make restitution for a robbery
of 110,000.
Mr. BRIGGS. I desire to be heard a moment.
It is not surprising that the gentleman from Ohio
should be opposed to this bill. It was upon his
objection that in two previous Congresses this
bill was not considered by the House, and passed
upon its merits. The bill has been considered in
the Senate three different sessions, and last Feb-
ruary, after full and mature discussion, the bill
passed that body unanimously. The bill came
from the Senate, and was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and by them reported back
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass. I consider the bill as just a one as ever
claimed the attention of pie House. The facts are
embodied in the report, and I ask that the bill and
report be read. *
The bill was read. It directs that there be paid
to Livingston, Kinkead & Co., merchants of Salt
Lake City, Utah Territory, the sum of $10,070,
as indemnity for the amount of money of which
they were robbed by a party of Sioux Indians,
near Fort Laramie in the Indian territory, m No-
vember, 1854.
The following is the report in the case:
The Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, to whom
was referred the memoiial of Livingston, Kinkead & Co.,
be? leave to report:
That on the 2d day of November, 18o4, Chailes A. Kin-
kead, one of the membeis of the finn of Livingston, Kin-
kead & Co., of Salt Lake City, Utah Ten itory, lelt that city
as a passenger in the mail stage, from thence to Independ-
ence, in the Stat*-: of Missouri, in possession of the sum
of $10,070, m gold coin, consigned to a mercantile firm in
St. Louis, to whom memorialists were indebted; that the
party in and accompanying the mail stage were attacked
near Fort Laiamie and all massacred, with the exception
of Charles A. Kinkead, the *tage robbed ofits contents, em-
bracing the gold com,and Mr.Kinkead severely wounded.
He was found afterwards and carried into the fort. The
United States were nominally at peaccwitb these Indians,
the Sioux, at the time of the ma-^acre and lohhery of the
mail part}, though a state of hostilities was soon alter rec-
ognized, and General Harney dispatchui to the plains for
their chastisement. The amount of money, with the pai-
ticular description of the number and value of the pieces,
are stated upon the ca h«book of the firm, and deposed to
by the vlerK of the establishment. The loss of the money
rests upon the testimony of Mr. ICinkead, the only survivor
of tin.' party, and the corroborating testimony of the con-
tentions of some of the Indians, soon thereafter captured
bv General Harney. It ib true that the. provisions of law
 have not been pursued in the mode of pmvinir this loss.
Theielntioiis between the United States with these Indians
btvve been such, since the date of the depredation*-, as to
dispense with the nei-es«ity of inking the proof before the
proper Indian agent. Could that piovision ot the inter-
course law have been complied with, and the steps u.-ual
in such case* been adopted bv the President to obtain satis-
faction, it would have been h unless, as the annuities due to
these Indians by the treaty of Tort Laramie ate payable
only in goods, for which theie is not any expiess authoiity
of law allowing them to be letamcd as indemnify. Tho-e
annuities aie so small that it would requite the whole of
an annuity belonging to the particular hand, if, indeed, that
could be a&eei tamed. to satisfy the particulai claim. The
robbery was most probably committed by some binali strag-
gling band of Indians, and, under the circumstances, it
would be impolitic to take the goods intended for a whole
band to pay for the depredations of a straggling and irre-
sponsible portion of them, fthould the perpetrators bdong
to these hands. Since treated as hostile, the annuity is then
gone by the aft of wai, and there is nothing left foi indem-
nity. The committee, believing that the substance and
spirit of the law have been complied with, report a bill for
the payment at once ot the indemnity which the intercourse
act guaranties in all such cases.
Mr. BRIGGS. I have but a word or two further
to say. I am glad that the opportunity occurred
to have that repot t read, because it gives the facts
of the case precisely. Under the intercourse act of
1834 it was competent for the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to deduct that loss from the Indian
annuities. Those annuities were paid m goods,
not large in amount: and (he Department deemed
it impolitic to withhold this amount from the
annuity goods, and make the Indians responsible
for the loss. They thought, m view of the im-
portance of the friendship of the Indians upon the
mail route from the States to California, that the
matter of compensation should be referred to Con-
gress. The Senate have heard the application
three several times, and the bill passed that body
unanimously; and it is here before the House for
the first time, to be considered upon its merits.
Already Congress has indemnified Mr. McGraw,
the owner of the stage line, for the mules and other
propcrty'which were lost. This loss is a loss in
dollars, and is not subject to computation and
construction. It is fixed and definite, because the
loss was in specie. I have known the parties
intimately for eleven years, and I have a feeling
of sympathy for them.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask a question in reg£ rd to this matter. I under-
stand that, by the intercourse law of 1802, and the
law of 1834, which is an ameudment to the other,
where a robbery has been committed by the In-
dians with whom the United States arc at peace,
the party who has been robbed is bound to pro-
cure testimony to show that the robbery was
committed; and when that is done to the satis-
faction of the proper Department, then the Com-,
missionerof Indian Affairs is to deduct the amount
of the robbery from the annuity of the Indians.
I understand that to be the law. Now, I know
nothing about this particular case; but if I un-
derstand the report, and if I understand the state-
ment of the gentleman from New York, the case
appears to be about this: this robbery was com-
mitted by a band of Indians. That seems to be
conceded. The reportgoes on to say that, owing
to the state of affairs in the Indian country, it was
impossible to make the proofs. And the other
ground on which restitution was refused was, that
the annuity to this tribe of Indians was in goods,
and not in money. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs came to the conclusion that it was
better not to deduct this sum from the annuity,
but leave Congress to make the restitution.
Mr. BRIGGS. The gentleman fiom Illinois
has stated the 'case. I now move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust that the
gentleman from New York, after three speeches in
favor of the bill, will not call the previous ques-
tion without giving the opportunity of having a
remark made against it. 1 desire to make some
remarks in opposition to the bill; and I therefore
beg the gentleman from New York to withdraw
his call for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from New
York calls the previous question on the passage
of the bill. The first question is on reconsidering.
He has not called the previous question on that;
and therefore the gentleman from Virginia, if he
desires to speak, is entitled to the floor/
Mr. BRIGGS. I hope the vote will not be re-
considered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the gentleman
withdraw the previous question>
Mr. BIIIGGS. I do, in order to permit the
gentleman from Virginia to express his views.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know nothing in
the world about this bill, except what I gather
from the report: and from that 1 learn that the
object is to saddle on the Government of the Uni-
ted States a piivate demand, which, if it has any
legitimate foundation at all, attaches properly to
another quarter.
Mr. REAGAN. Is there a minority report in
this case r
Mr. BRIGGS. No, sir; the report is unani-
mous.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As I understand
from thi«? report, a firm m Utah consigned to a
firm in St. Louis $10,000 in specie. The money
was placed in a stage coach. On its road, from
one city to the other, the stage was beset by In-
dians, and robbed of its entire freight. I under-
stand the law is distinct, that when such a robbery
is perpetrated within the Indian country, by In-
dians to whom payments are due, it shall be made
good out of the fund payably to these Indians.
In this ease, however, an exception is proposed,
bccausc the payments to these Indians arc m tri-
fles, and it would, I suppose, make a great inroad
on their annuity. But, sir, if the Government of
the United States is to assume the responsibility
of this matter, m violation of existing law, and
for such unsubstantial reasons as those assigned,
it would be establishing a precedent. It would
not stop with this particular case, but would be
establishing a precedent which would fix the Gov-
ernment in all future time with responsibility for
heavy and unknown amounts.
But that is not all, sir. What are the proofs ?
Is there any evidence that this money was even
placed on board the stage? There is no proof
which would be received in any court of justice
that this money was placed on board.
Mr. BRIGGS. I can answer the gentleman
by saying that the money robbed from Mr. Kin-
kead was found in possession of some of these
Indians.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am confining my-
self to the report. There is no testimony, except
that of one witness, that this money was aboard
the stage; and that witness is the man directly
interested. If you rely on such testimony as that,
what case could not be proven against the Gov-
ernment? If this bill is to pass, it will be on the
testimony of a man who is himself to get the ben-
efit of his own testimony, and whose testimony
cannot be controverted.
Mr. JUNKIN. Is not that done every day?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes; where the
amount is small.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Has it not been
uniformly decided by the courts, that where a
man's property has been stolen on board of a
ship or stage coach, or in a hotel, his own evi-
dence of the fact is competent testimony?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 am not prepared
to admit that as a legal proposition.
Mr. CLARK, <^f Missouri. It is the law of
the land.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This is a wholly
different case. The doctrinc, as stated, is not
sound law. The money was in charge of this
man himself, according to the testimony. He
alone is the man who testifies on the subject,
and he does not even prove that the money was
put on board the stage. I hold that even if the
case were fully proved it would not make the
Government liable; but where he docs not prove
the case, even so far as it was within his power
to prove it, is not that evidence against him? It
was in his power to prove that when the stage left
Salt Lake City the money was on board; but
there is no such proof in the case, and the infer-
ence is, of course, that it could not be proved.
This whole case turns upon the testimony of an
interested party, who could just as well have
proved the loss of f100,000 as §10,000, if he had
been disposed to practice perjury. I say, then,
that not only is the principle itself unmistakably
wrong and eminently mischievous and danger-
ous, but it is not even supported by such testi-
mony as ought to be adduced, and as it was within
the competency of the party to adduce.
I promised the gentleman from New York to
renew the demand for the previous question. 1
now do so, and leave the case in his hands.
Mr. ETHERIDGE sought the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to hear the gentle-
man from Tennessee; but I want it distinctly un-
derstood that the gentleman from New York can-
not hold the floor to demand the previous question
when the gentleman from Tennessee concludes.
Mr. BRIGGS. That has been agreed upon.
Mr. BURNETT. I have not given my con-
sent. The gentleman must either withdraw the
previous question, and let the gentleman from
Tennessee take the floor, or he must insist on the
motion. I cannot agree that the enemies of the
bill shall bo muzzled, and its friends alone heard.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York insist upon the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. BRIGGS. The question has been fully
discussed; but I should be happy to hear the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, and will yield to him.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to make a state-
ment about some of the facts referred to by the
gentleman from Virginia. I think it due to the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to hear the gentle-
man fiom Tennessee; but 1 want it understood
that the gentleman from New York does not hold
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not con-
sider the gentleman from New York as holding
the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not want the enemies
of the bill to be muzzled while its friends are un-
muzzled.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If the House will give
me their attention, I can, perhaps, relieve some
misapprehensions which exist in the minds of
both the friends and the opponents of the bill.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] cer-
tainly labors under some misapprehension in re-
gard to the relations of this Government to the
Indian tribes with whom we are in amity. Under
the intercourse act of 1834 this Government ex-
pressly stipulates that wherever property is stolen
or destroyed which belongs to our citizens who
may be lawfully in the Indian cduntry, and the
