1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
their cases under the treaty ; but the Supreme
Court does not say that, according to the proper
construction of the* treaty, their eases were under
it. It says Congress has given them the act of
1834, which puts their cases under the treaty by
the act of Congress; but the court does not say
that, in its judgment, without the exercise of the
power of Congress on the subject-matter, these
cases were within the treaty; and I apprehend
that any gentleman who will examine these cases
independently of any weight of authority, who
will take them up for himself, will find it exceed-
ingly difficult to come to the conclusion that they
are under the treaty.
But I say again I have not examined that point
with sufficient care to give a decided opinion on it.
I have not formed a decided opinion on it, and
will not express one. This, however, 1 do say:
whether they come under the treaty or not prop-
erly, Congress, in 1834, directed them to be ex-
amined and decided as if they were under the
treaty, just as the other cases had been examined
and dccided. They have been so examined and
decided just as the other cases were. They have
been partially rejected, partially allowed. The
Secretaries of the Treasury, upon whose decision
Congress finally restedthe discretion, havedeterm-
ined unanimously, without a dissenting voice,
that they would not allow this interest. Attor-
neys General have again and again confirmed these
decisions of-the Secretaries of the Treasury. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky, for whose
opinion we have all so much rcspect, gave an elab-
orate opinion upon the subject. Mr. Cushing
gave another. All these gentlemen have determ-
ined that, in their judgment, the Secretaries ought
not to pay interest. The Secretaries themselves
say they ought not. Mr. Guthrie finaHy says
that, as regards the justice of the case, in his judg-
ment, there is no equitable principle upon which
the claim of interest against the United-States can
be based. He says:
"1 am of opinion that these, injuries, being in the nature
of unliquidated damages, would not bear intcicst accord-
ing to the principles of ihe common law."
He may be mistaken in that; but he goes on to
say further—I lay aside his opinion of law; I
want to reach his opinion of the justice of the !
case, and on that rests my vote. What is his I
opinion of the justice of the case? He says fur-
ther:
"And, as the claims have been presented ex parte, and
the proof made cx parte, and that, after so long a lapse of
time, when the memoiy of witnesses could deal only in es-
timates, without a particular recollection of facts and val-
ues, that the claimants have received,without doubt, greatly
more than the amount of actual injury sustained, xind that
there is no equitable puneiple upon which the claim of in-
terest against the United States can be based."
His opinion, then, is, that they have received
greatly more than the amount of damage which
they actually suffered. He says again: |
"As a general uile, the United States pays no interest, j
Many debts of the revolutionary and subsequent wais, &c., :
have been paid without interest, and, in the opinion of the |
undeisigned, of greater merit than these. It is supposed 1
that it would take more than sixty millions to pay the in- 1
terest on such claims, when no doubt could arise as to the i
txue amounts thereof. !
" The payment of interest on these claims may lead to .
an assertion of a claim to interest on the past transactions |
of the Government, and a combined action to procuie its
allowance." *
He thinks it dangerous to enter into the ques-
tion; thinks there is no equity in the demand; and
he makes a calculation, showing that there was
over a million and a half of past interest already
accrued in 1854; and now, by an amendment that
has been added to this bill, and which certainly
passed uhperceived by me until a friend called my
attention to it this morning, you have actually !;
added a clause to this bill giving interest on the
arrears of interest again. The amendment of the
Senator from Florida has been agreed to, which,
at the first blush, seemed to cover nothing but a
mere arrangement for the payment of this claim
by the issue of bonds, instead of paying it in cash;
actually covers interest on the arrears of interest
again. I think that the claim for interest itself,
and the claim for intereston the interest, are equally
unfounded. So far as I have been able to judge
of this case, from what I have heard of it, from
the expositions to which I have listened atten-
tively of Senators on both sides, my deliberate
judgment is that this money is not due, and I can-
not vote for paying it.
Mr. HALE. I do not propose to detain the
Senate more than a few moments, but I want to
explain the vote I shall give. I confess that I
came to the examination of this question with a
desire, if possible, to vote in favor of the bill; but
as 1 cannot do so, I want to state very briefly the
reasons.
In the first place, I notice that the honorable
Senator from Georgia who spoke the other day,
and the honorable Senator from Vermont who
has spoken to-day on this subject, have spoken
as if we were bound by the ninth article of the
treaty to give these men a judicial hearing; as if
the amount of their claims must be ascertained by
judicial process. I understood, from the manner
in which that idea was submitted, that the gentle-
men spoke as if they were giving the terms of the
treaty. Now, sir, there is no such term in the
treaty; there is nothing about a judicial process
there at all; but it is simply that these claims
should be established by process of law; and the
Supreme Court of the TJnited States, upon a case
made before them, have decided that the reference
to the district judges of Florida, with an appeal
to the Secretary of the Treasury, was a fair, bona
Jide, and honest compliance with the terms of the
treaty, and that the "process of law" which they
were entitled to have, they have had, and there is
nothing about a judicial process here. I do not
speak this of myself, but such is the judgment of
the Supreme Court, that exactly what the treaty
gave them they have had—the process that is pro-
vided by the treaty has been afforded them. Well,
sir, by that process, to which they were entitled
under the treaty, this distinct claim lias been re-
fused; the judgment that we provided for them,
and which the Supreme Court say was a fair com-
pliance with the terms of the treaty, has decided
against the very claim that is now made before
us. In brief, that is the statement of the case.
If the honorable Senator from Vermont, to
whom I listened with a great deal of pleasure, will
allow mo, I will say that a very large part of his
argument was entirely unnecessary, because, as
the ease stands, the question whetlior the spolia-
tions of ]81^ and 1813 were embraced within the
treaty, is not before the Senate at all. Congress,
by the act of 1834, especially provided that" they
should be so considered, and they have been so
considered; and therefore the question whether
they were originally intended to be included in
the treaty or not is done away with. The act of
Congress has brought them m, and made them
within ^t, and they have been so considered.
A great deal has been said about the very great
regard that is due to the character of these judges,
and the character of these claimants. I do not
know anything about it, but J want to read from
a speech made in the House of Representatives,
upon this very question, by the lion. Mr. Orr,
of South Carolina, in 3855; and if the Senate will
listen to what Mr Orr said, I think they will come
to the conclusion that whntever may have been
the character of those judges, and whatever maf
have been the character of these claimants, there
was a sortof looseness in many of the judgments
which ought not very highly to commend them to
the Senate. Mr. Orr said:
(i Now, Mr, I think the abstract to which I have alluded,
of the awards m «omc of the«e casc<, will show how } ittlc
care or caution was taken m examining thesf* claim*, and
how liberally these sufferer* have already been paid. The
first claim 1 shall lefer to is that of Zephemah Kmgsley,
and here it is :
"lu the eiaim of Zepheniah Iimg-dey, the pimetple is
stated that, tor flic loss of crops, two thiuls the estimated
appiai>al is allow eel.
" Thb is hoid 10 have been the principle of previous de-
cision*. Date ofawa:d, August 13, 1843.
" In this awaid, seventeen thousand five hundred pounds
of ginned and packed cotton were allowed, at fifty cents per
pound #8,750
"Twenty-five thousand pounds of cotton in the
seed, at fifteen cents per pound  3,7o0
$12,.">00
I ask the gentleman to notice that the cotton for which
these amounts weie claimed and paid, was not for cotton
that was actually destioyed, but for the eiop he claims that
he was prevented lrom raising.
<• Mr. Preston. What is the date ot that claim ?
"Mr. Orr. It was some time m the year 1812,1 think.
The precise date is. not given.
"The next eknm to which I shall ask the attention ot
the House is of John Frascr, deceased, for losses sustained
m East Florida—and, by the way, that docs not sound like
a Spanish name. The treaty provided that no persons, ex-
cept Spanish subjects, should be entitled to the benefit of
the provisions, or of the stipulations, which I r6ad to the
House at the opening of my remarks. Here is the claim;
^ Award in the matter of the claim of the executors of John,
Fra&er^ deceased, for losses in East Florida, in 18*12 and
Iojo.
Forthe crops of the Greenfield plantation for 1812, ®82,087
1' or crops of the same plantation for 1813, or dam-
ages for being prevented from planting that year,
say two thirds of the value ot the crops of pre-
vious year   .....
that* ]SlT> thera 1S awot*ler item even* worse than
C?8P19°f thC riCC plamation on the St- Mary's, In
For crops in the same plantation,' \nisi3" or'dam-
ages for being prevented from making crops that
year, say  
For merchandise destroyed, (wide testimonyVpar-
ticulaiiv Richards's answer to forty-ninth inter-
rogatory,) which is included in the first petition,
54,725
11,600
7,734
1,000
•&1I57 146
" Making $157,146, which has already been paid to'this
claimant, ami now this bill proposes to pay the same claim-
ant something more than §160,000 in addition. Two large
items being for crops that were never planted."
So that, if there were only $1,100,000 agreed to be
pair! in the whole, here was $157,000 awarded to
one man, the greater part of it for cotton that was
never raised and never planted. Now, I mention
that as not my own, but as the statement of Mr."
Orr, of South Carolina, upon the character-of
these claims, and they were mostly heard ex parte
no attorney of the united States being present,
and they were such imaginary speculations as
that as to the character of the crops that could
have been raised, provided the man had planted.
You might just as well pay any one of us dam-
ages for crops which we might, if we had been
there, have planted and raised. If you go into
such wild speculation as that, there is no know-
ing where you will end.
But, sir, these gentlemen have had everything
that they are entitled to. They went before an
ex jpartt tribunal, one of their own neighbors, a
judge living in their own neighborhood; took
their own testimony, with nobody to contradict
them—nobody to cross-examine them; filed their
claims; the judges made their award, and it came
up to the Secretary of the Treasury—he being a
part of the tribunal to judge, and the appellate
part, and being a judge placed there within the
meaning, of the treaty, and within the provisions
of the Constitution, as the Supreme Court say—
and he disallowed the interest. It has been dis-
allowed by every Secretary of the Treasury since.
It has bee!) disallowed by the Supreme Court of
the United States. It has been disallowed by the
Court of Claims. Now, after forty years, having
received these enormous damages for mere specu-
lative losses, for crops whfth they might have
made if they had had a chance to plant them,
they come forward and ask us for interest. There
is something very appropriate in the suggestion
thai, was made in some report from 'which the
Senator from Louisiana read, that if we are going
to pay interest at all, we had better take valid
claims, claims'about which there is no dispute,
and pay interest on them; pay interest on your
revolutionary debt; pay interest on claims on
which there is no word of cavil, and against which
there can be no question made, before you go back
to rip up this aiiajr forty years old, and pay in-
terest to these men, who have received every dol-
lar that was awarded to tliem at the time by the
tribunal appointed by law, and at the very'time
they asked it.
It seems to me, sir, the claim is preposter-
ous. I am sorry that my ardent friend from Ver-
mont, in stating his case, went quite so far as I
understood him to go, and said that no malt of
honest judgment could question the propriety of
paying claims of this character. I would liavo
been glad to pay these claims; I was very desirous
to pay them; and the inclination of my judgment
was in favor of them, from the fact that they had
received the sanction of my honorable colleague,
who reported this bill last year, and of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, who has reported
it again this year—two gentlemen in whose judg-
ment and integrity I have the highest confidence;
but, sir, I cannot, consistently with my own con-
victions, consent to put my hand into the Treas-
ury to pay anything on these claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. HAMMOND. Is this bill about to be put
on its passage 3
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
