1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
release the Government from that liability. That
is another objection to it.
Then, sir, I do not like the peremptory provis-
ion that those contractors who have carried the
mail notwithstanding the order of the Department,
shall be paid. The provision in the amendment
offered by the Senator from Florida is qualified,
and is greatly better in that regard. 1 am not
willing to give my consent, I will never give my
consent, to an amendment by which the contract-
ors are authorized to set the Department at defi-
ance. Hereafter, if the Postmaster General shall
think proper to discontinue and curtail service,
they may go on as heretofore and defy him, and
say "we will go to Congress and get our money."
That is the example which you propose to set by
this amendment of the'House; and if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Florida contained that
provision in the same words, I could not give it
my consent, even if the failure of the bill were to
follow, though I should deplore that very much
because it would be a breach of public faith.
These creditors have performed their duty effi-
ciently and faithfully, and they ought to be paid.
I am very anxious that the bill shall pass, and I
believe it can be passed with the amendment of the
Senator from Florida; but X will never give my
consent, for one, to the amendrnentof the House,
which is objectionable in the respects I have stated.
I must add that new curtailments being meditated
in the Department, the contractors have already
signified their disposition to disregard the orders
of the Postmaster General under the belief that
Congress will sustain them in their disregard of
their contracts—this defiance ofthe legal power of
the head of the Department.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to say another
word on this subject, and then to retire from it.
I hardly ever have occupied the attention of the
Senate upon any question of this sort, or upon a
bill of tins character. That the postal system is
more extensive than the public interests require,
or than our means enable us to sustain, will, 1
presume, be admitted by all. It is quite natural,
and almost inevitable, that this should be the case,
unless it be in the hands of an inexorable sort of
man. Itis surrounded with temptations on almost
all sides that are calculated constantly to enlarge
it. Members of Congress seek to satisfy their con-
stituents by getting new post offices established,
and channels of public information multiplied
through their portions of the country. There is a
powerful influence of contractors, who want con-
tracts. There is a great force pressing continually
upon this Department. Everything presses upon
it to drive it into extravagance. That is the con-
stant tendency of every cause which surrounds it.
That this should be the case, is a thing that might
naturally be expected, and the best managed sys-
tem would occasionally require the hand of strong
retrenchment. That has never been applied in
our case. On the contrary, we have gone on until
this Department, from being a subordinate one, as
it regards the expenses of the Government, has
become one of principal charge and expense to the
country, rising up from less than one million dol-
lars, when the Department was established, to now
from fourteen to twenty million dollars a year.
Why, sir, it is becoming utterly oppressive. It
is shocking to think of. It looks like swallowing
up the Government, and as if we are all becoming,
by our legislation, either Postmasters General, or
deputy postmasters, or, more especially, contract-
ors. It seems as if we were becoming a Govern-
ment of contractors; and we are going on as if the
world was made only to practice postal Depart-
ments and postal projects upon; as if that were
one of the principal objects of creation.
Sir, I am in favor of retrenchment and of cur-
tailment. I believe there is not a Senator here
who does not intend the same thing. Yet, when
a curtailment has been forced upon the country—
and under no other circumstances are you to ex-
pect curtailment, I am afraid, than by the actual
want of means—we no sooner meet, we are no
sooner called upon to provide fifteen or twenty
million dollars for this Department, than the very
first act is to direct all that had been curtailed to
be restored. That cannot bo right. You leave
the Postmaster General, to be sure, the discretion-
ary power which he generally possesses in rela-
tion to these subjects, and you allow him to put
down these very routes which you now direct him
to put up; to discontinue the very offices and con-
tracts which you order him to restore. The Post-
master General has made this retrenchment in
some cases because he thought old offices and ser-
vices mightbe dispensed with, and inother cases,
where he thought it was useful, he was still com-
pelled by necessity to put down the service. He
knows where he acted from the one motive, and
where from the other; not we; and he alone is com-
petent to decide it. Well, sir, I want to put him
to act on his discretion and his responsibility in
reestablishing service. Gentlemen want to restore
all by the power of legislation, and then to put
him upon his responsibility to cut down. I
am satisfied with what he has done. I mean
to encourage that as far as I can by my vote
and my voice; but to say to him, at the same
time, where you have been obliged to put down
useful and necessary routes from the neces-
sity of the case, and the want of means, you
have the power to restore them; and I would
leave him to act on his responsibility. Retrench-
ment and curtailment generally are necessary.
I would leave him to that course, and especially
when I undei stand that, by the House amend-
ment, he is not only to restore, but he is to pay
contractors who have carried the mails on routes
which he discontinued—patriotic contractors, to
be sure, who, because of the necessity of the
Government, and taking pity on the poor people,
have undertaken to carry the mail against the
orders of their superior; and they are to be paid
for their contumacy. What do you suppose was
the motive? The contract was a profitable one.
They expected to have Congress overrule the
Postmaster General, and to make payments to
them, whether the Postmaster General would
or not. I think it will be very unwise and im-
proper in us to take sides with such contractors
against the interest of the Department and of the
country; to take sides with them to overthrow the
policy of the Postmaster General. In those cases
I venture to say that they continued the ser-
vice because their routes maintained themselves
by the number of passengers to be carried, and
the business was profitable to the contractors.
Besides, it gave them the show and appearance
of disinterested public service that was to rec-
ommend them hereafter Self-interest was at the
bottom of it all; no doubt of that. They had no
right to continue to carry the mail when the Post-
master General had discontinued it; and it gives
them no claim whatever, just, legal, or moral, on
the Department for payment; and that this enact-
ment is to contribute to secure payment to them,
is an additional motive with me for resisting the
House amendment. I beg pardon, sir, for the
time I have occupied, and I shall take no more
time on this subject.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the present
bill and amendments, for the purpose of taking
up the bill for the relief of Hockaday & Liggitt.
I think that bill is just. This is sure to pass; it
is a public bill. The other is a private bill. The
Senate is very thin, and we can pass private bills
now much better than we can a public bill. One
affecting the whole country, I think we all ought
to be here to vote upon. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has said much that I can agree to,and much
that I dissent from; but here is a poor man who
has been begging around the doors of Congress
for relief, and I should like to have him heard;
and if, when the Senate hear him, they do not pass
his bill, as the House have done, I am content to
bear the loss. His claim is fair and reasonable.
I think this bill is so important that we ought to
have a full Senate for it, while wc may pass upon
a private bill even with this Senate.
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope we may be allowed to
proceed with this bill. The bill proposed by the
Senator from Missouri cannot be possibly acted
on in a thin Senate, nor at this hour of the day.
Mr. GREEN. Why not?
Mr. YULEE. Because it will take more time
than we shall sit to-night to read the reports, ma-
jority and minority.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 9, noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The question is on the adoption
of the substitute offered by the Senator from Flor-
ida in place of the House amendment.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition of the Senator
from Florida is to protect the Treasury from the
burdens to be thrown upon it, by restoring all that
service which has been curtailed under the ad-
ministration of the present Postmaster General.
It would surely be a thankless task to impose on
him, to reduce the service all over the country,
affecting every village and hamlet, and exposing
him to all the criticism which the inconvenience
thrown on every neighborhood would bring, and
then to reward him by this, which is an absolute
vote of censure. First, we withhold from him
the means which would enable him to carry out
the postal arrangements of the country; throw
upon him the responsibility of maintaining the
public service without the ordinary support; and
when he has done it in a manner which all admit
to be skillful and just, then to reward, as I said
before, with a vote of censure, for it amounts to
very little else. If«it be anything different from
this, then it is a purpose to squander the money
of the Treasury. If it be not a vote of censure;
if you do approve the reduction which he has
made, and yet order him to rgstorc the service in
order that hamay discontinue it withinone month,
it is the most absolute squandering of the public
money which I have ever known Congress to
make. On one horn of the dilemma or the other
you are compelled to hang. You are either cen-
suring the Postmaster General, or voting to ex-
pend money without any object connected with
the public service. You cannot get rid of that.
The Senator from Florida proposes to leave this
service to be arranged by restoring such routes
as the necessity of the postal arrangement may
require, and thus to eke out the appropriations
which we make, so as to answer all the ends of
the Government; to answer all-the ends of com-
municating with every portion of the United
States. It is well known that the service had ex-
panded under applications until it had become en-
tirely too cumbrous. It therefore became, per-
haps, a fortunate circumstance that the failure of
the appropriation bill last year created the ne-
cessity for economy, and gave the Postmaster
General, not an excuse, but a reason forreducing
the service whore it was unnecessary.
Mr. GREEN. It is a great mistake to suppose
that this vote is a censure on the Postmaster Gen-
eral. When the Postmaster General reduced this
service, I know, and he said, and he not only said
it verbally but he said in writing that I have in
my possession, that he was compelled to do so
because we did not give him an appropriation to
keep up the service. There was, therefore, a
force, a necessity, a stress operating upon his
mind, and I do not blame him for what he did;
but when we remove the cause that superinduced
the reduction, I want to remove the reduction;
and 1 ask every honorable man if that is not fair
The Postmaster General himself says, " I am
compelled to reduce because you did not give me
an appropriation." Congress meets; Congress
makes an appropriation; Congress removes the
cause that superinduced his reduction. Ought not
the reduction to be removed—and then, what?
Now what is the difference in the two cases?
The difference is just this: if he has a full, pleth-
oric Treasury, he judges of the reduction from
the wants of the public; if he has no appropria-
tion, he says, " I will cut it down, even if the pub-
lic interests do require it, because I am compelled
to do so." There is a necessity, there is a coer-
cion. I say that justice to the Postmaster Gen-
eral requires us to restore the whole service, and
then leave him, under the law, to cut it down as
he thinks the public interests require. That is
my view of the subject.
But the Senator from Mississippi seems to
think that, by this we shall bo censuring the Post-
master General. It is the furthest thing possible
from my thoughts to censure the Postmaster
General. In what respect has the Postmaster
General done wrong? I make no complaint of
him; but I say this—and I am willing to take
the Postmaster General and submit it to him—if
you had had an adequate appropriation to keep
up the postal service, woula you cut down the
service as you did cut it down ? To that the
Postmaster General, Mr. Holt, would answer me:
no, he was forced to do it; forced to do it by our
fault, not by his fault; forced to do it by the fault
of Congress, because Congress did not make the
appropriation; and 1 am not willing to shift off
my shoulders, and the shoulders of other mem-
