1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
injury is done by Indians in amity with us, in-
demnity shall be eventually made.
Mr. REAGAN. If my colleague on the Com-
mittee 011 Indian Affairs will allow me, I will sug-
gest to him that that provision of the law was
expressly repealed during: the last Congress.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. But it was in operation
at the time of the murder and robbery mentioned
in this report.
Mr. CLARK 15. COCHRANE. I would like to
inquire of the gentleman from Tennessee whether
it is not the policy of the Indian intercourse act
to put the Indians upon their good behavior, and
was the policy of that act to pay the private citi-
zen for outrages committed upon his person and
property?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman shows
that he does not understand the relations of the
Government to the Indians.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee suggested that the repeal of the clause of
the Indian intercourse act, to which I have re-
ferred, was subsequent to the commission of this
robbery. If that be so, unless the right was-re-
served, the gentleman will remember that under
the law the remedy passed away with the repeal
of the act.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I do not agree in the view
presented by the gentleman from Texas; but it
is not important. At the time of this robbery
the Government had stipulated thatit would guar-
anty eventual indemnification to parties lawfully
in the Indian country for losses of this kind, on
consideration that they would not make reprisals.
Every one who thinks a moment upon the sub-
ject must see that such persons lawfully in the
Indian country would immediately prococd, by
reprisals, to obtain indemnity, and a general In-
dian war of extermination all along, the frontier
would result.
Without going into the policy of the act of 1834,
I say u was expressly stipulated, on the part of
the Government, that if parties suffering depreda-
tions of this kind would not make reprisals—
would notseek " private satisfaction or revenge "
upon the Indians—the Government would guar-
anty them this eventual indemnity. I am speak-
ing now with reference to tribes with whom the
Government was on terms of amity, and it has
been repeatedly adjudged by the Department, that
the words "in amity" mean those tribes with
whom the Government has treaties of peace. In
this case not only was there a treaty of peace with
the offending tribe, but the Government had obli-
gated itself to pay them annuities; and the inter-
course act provides, that where the Government
has contracted to pay annuities to Indians, and
depredations are committed, on proof before the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the Department
is clothed with full power to make payment out
of the annuities.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I should like
to understand from the gentleman from Tennes-
see, whether he claims that the Government has
ever pursued the poiicy of affording any other in-
demnity to the injured parties than an honest
endeavor to collect it or hold it back out of the
annuities due to the Indians? Did they ever pay
such claims out of the Treasury since the world
began:
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have distinctly stated
that the intercourse act applies only to tribes
with which the United States have treaties; and
in this case we had a treaty of amity and friend-
ship with the offending tribe, and annuities were
being paid to them*, but the "eventual indem-
nification" guarantied by the intercourse act is
promised, although the treaty does not provide
for the payment of annuities. Never, until re-
cently, has the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
decided that the Government can convert annuity
goods into money. I believe that the present
Commissioner of Indian Affairs regards annuities
payable in goods as available for the payment of
claims of this description.
With regard to the proof in this case, every
one who has read the evidence knows very well
that the Indians committed this depredation. One
of the parties was murdered. There is a deposi-
tion of the clerk of the memorialist who kept an
account of the coin, the amount, and the descrip-
tion. One of the parties robbed lost his life; and
the presumption is, that where the Indians com-
mitted a murder for the purpose of robbery, they
would not leave the gold coin upon the person of
the murdered party. The proof is, that the mur-
dered party did have this money. He was on
his way to St. Louis. The train was attacked
and various persons murdered; and the Indians,
who committed the murder, subsequently admit-
ted that they obtained this money. I suppose
that these facts afford as conclusive proof as can
be offered, that the parties suffered this loss by
these Indians.
I make this statement injustice to the parties.
My first impressions were, in committee, against
reporting this bill; but I acquiesced in the decision
of the committee. The only point of difficulty
was, that because of the general hostilities which
soon broke out, preventing the takingofthe proof,
so as to bring the case before the Department, and
as the annuities were payable in goods, it was
urged that the parties should first exhaust their
remedy before the Department before appealing
to Congress; but this was rendered wholly unne-
cessary, because the Government had guarantied
indemnity, and the general war which soon fol-
lowed rendered it impossible to take this proof
according to ttic strict requirements of the Indian
department. These parties resorted to no repri-
sals. Soon afterwards, as I have stated, a general
"war broke out, which prevented them from going
into the Indian country to obtain the proofs ne-
cessary to secure payment for this loss under the
seventeenth section of the act of 1834. But at the
time of the robbery, we were on terms of friend-
ship, "in amity," with this tribe,and they were
in receipt of annuities; and the simple question is,
whether the Government will indemnify these
parties, they being within the letter and spirit of
the intercourse act?
Mr. STANTON. I understood the gentleman
from Tennessee to say that this robbery was prob-
ably committed by a roving band of Indians.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Yes, sir; a portion of
Sioux Indians, I believe.
Mr. STANTON. Is it certain that those In-
dians were receiving annuities?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Some of the Indians after-
wards taken piisoners confessed to the robbery;
but my recollection is, that the chief of the Sioux
tribe attempted to make the defense that they were
not responsible, because the robbery was com-
mitted by some roving band within their territory.
They were m receipt of annuities. But. subse-
quently, as I have before stated, on the breaking
out of hostilities, the proof could not be peifected
m accordance with the strict requirements of the
Indian department. I make these observations
only for the purpose of meeting the point made
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] that
this Government should not be bound to pay for
property thus destroyed in the Indian country. I
will state to the gentleman that very many such
claims have been paid by the Indian bureau with-
in the last twenty or thirty years—claims which
have been brought expressly within the provis-
ions of the intercourse act; and it has also been
the frequent practice of Congress to pay such
claims directly, when, in consequence of the break-
ing out of Indian hostilities, it has been impossi-
ble to obtain the proof in the strict manner required
under the law of 1834.
There has been a case, during the present ses-
sion of Congress, involving this very principle,
m which a law has been passed for the payment
of claims for depredations committed upon the
Shawnee Indians in Kansas, notwithstanding the
fact that their claims were embraced under a gen-
eral law. It was done upon the ground that a
general amnesty had been declared for all politi-
cal offenders in Kansas; and it was difficult to
distinguish between the depredations committed
by those in reference to whom this general am-
nesty had been declared and others. The Depart-
ment, therefore, recommended that their claims for
damages should be paid the Shawnee Indians; and
the Committee on Indian Affairs believed it to be
preferable to sending the claimants to that Depart-
ment for indemnity.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that there is a
very broad distinction between the case justmen-
tioned by the gentleman from Tennessee, and that
now before us. That was a claim of the Indians
who were under the protection of the Government
for depredations committed upon them by whites.
This is entirely a different matter.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. It was like the present
case, however, in this: it was embraced by a
general law which contemplated satisfaction with-
out first appealing to Congress. The express ob-
ject of the law of 1834 was to secure the eventual
reimbursement of these parties who, while law-
fully in the Indian country, have sustained losses
in consequence of the depredations of the Indians,
with whom we were "in amity." Now, I ask
this House whether the particular member of this
firm, the person who was murdered, was not law-
fully in the Indian country ? He was. Was not
the robbery perpetrated ? It was. That fact is not
disputed. The amount of coin is clearly proved.
It was subsequently confessed by the Indians
themselves that they Committed the robbery and
the murder.
But it was said by the chiefs of the tribes, to
whom the perpetrators of these robberies be-
longed , that they were committed by roving bands
of Indians, and not by the tribes themselves. Such
is always the excuse when it is proposed to de-
duct from their annuities satisfaction for depre-
dations of this kind.
Mr. HILL. I desire to a'sk the gentleman
from Tennessee whether it appeared to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs also that the Govern-
ment is bound to pay stage contractors for their
losses sustained by the Indians.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. No, sir; that matter has
been under consideration by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and-meets with no favor, upon the
principle that the persons who had contracted for
carrying the mails across the plains, have no
doubt contemplated indemnity for such losses as
they may sustain, in the extravagantpriccs which
they receive for carrying the mails.
Mr. HILL. One other question. I under-
stand that the Indian bureau declined to withhold
the amount of these claims from the sums due the
Indians, and to pay the amount to the claimants.
What was the reason of that?
Mr ETHERIDGE. ThepresentCommission-
er of Indian Affairs has proposed, for the first time,
to construe the law so as to convert goods into
money in acase of this kind. There has been no
instance yet where he has so decided, but I under-
stand he will so decide if a case arises. The
reason why the amount was not paid by the In-
dian bureau, was that, almost immediately after
this robbery was committed, a general Indian war
broke out, so that it was impossible to identify
the parties, and to perfect the proof as required
by the strict rules of the Department. Congress
however, has, by the law of 1834, guarantied an
eventual indemnification. Jt is then, as I have
said, that the law passed by the last Congress re-
pealed the indemnification clause of the act of1834,
but it was in full force at the time this robbery
was committed.
Now, sir, inasmuch as these parties were law-
fully in the Indian country, and did not attempt
any reprisals or seek retaliation upon the Indians,
by the express terms of the act of 1834, they are
entitled to the amount which this bill proposes
Mr. BURNETT. I have no desire to detain
the House by a discussion of the motion to re-
consider the*vote by which the bill was passed.
But, sir, it is a bill which, in my judgment, has
not a particle of merit in it. It does not even
make out a shadow of a shade of a claim against
the Government. Take the facts as stated in the
report as true, and yet there is no case made
out again&t the Government. Take the facts as «
stated by the gentleman from Tennessee as true,
and stiil there is no claim against the Govern-
ment. And why? -Because the gentleman pro-
ceeds upon the supposition that these parties have
complied with the terms of the intercourse act in
reference to these Indians. On the contrary, the
report itself shows exactly the reverse. They
never brought themselves within the provisions
of that act at all; nor did they make any attempt
to do so; nor is the gentleman correct in saying
that they could not do so. If there is any general
law that covers the case of these parties as it is
presented here, it has escaped my knowledge and
my information. I never have heard of such a
thing in the history of the country. But let us
look for a moment at the facts as they are pre-
sented in the report. Tin: statement made by the
gentleman from Ohio was a truthful one, that
these men were merchants engaged in business;
that one of them left Salt Lake City in a stage
coach for St. Louis; that the coach was attacked
