256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27.
Mr, BURNETT. Gentlemen cannot object.
The gentleman from Virginia has the right to
yield for a motion to adjourn; which motion I
now make.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 27, 1859.
Hon James H. Hammond, of South Carolina,
and Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, of Illinois, ap-
peared in their seats to-day.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHESNTJT presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, praying
for the continuance of the Isabel steamship line
as mail carriers between Charleston, South Car-
olina, and Havana, Cuba, via Savannah and Key
"West; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of resi-
dents of Dickinson county, in the State of Iowa,
praying that Congress, in passing an act for the
relief of the sufferers by the Spirit Lake massacre,
will not injure their preemption claims; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of Eliza
J. Van De Venter, widow of the late Major E.
Vail Do Venter, of the United States Army, pray-
ing to be allowed an ears of pension due lier late
husband; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. 1VERSON presented the memorial of S.
Calvert Ford, complaining of a decision of the
Court of Claims, and praying a revision of said
decision, with the argument of his counsel thereon;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of J. W. Dceble,
representing that the Court of Claims have decided
adversely on his claim, and praying a reexamina-
tion of the same when it shall be repoited to Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND KliEERllED.
On motion of Mr. "VVADE, it was
Ordered, Tllat the repoit oi the Com t of Claims, advei*i:
to the claim of Alexander Cro—. on the lilos of the enate,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. GWIiST, it was
Ordered, That the petition of fiediek McK.ec, praying a
settlement of Ins accounts as special eommissionei'to ne-
gotiate tieaties with the Indian tribes in New Mexico, oil
the fifes of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on in ■
dian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Jeiemiah Penricrirast, play-
ing to be allowed an increase of pension, on tile tiles'of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
POST KOUTES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolccd, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing post loutes from Los Angeles, via Anlieim, San
Juan, Oapieti tino, Sau Louis Key, to fc?an Diego, Wan Louis
Key to I'emeeula.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
James Buchanan, jr., Esq., Secretary of the
President of the United Status, appeared at the
entrance of the Senate Chamber.
Mr. Bassett, Doorkeeper pro tempore, an-
nounced: A message from ihc President of the
United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Invite the gen-
tleman in.
Mr. Buchanan. I am directed by the President
of the United States to deliver to the Senate a
message in writing.
Mr. IVERSON. [Several petitions having
been presented and other busmen done, as stated
above.] 1 move that the message from the Presi-
dent of the United States be taken up.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I object.
It seems to me that the agreement, which was dis-
tinctly understood by us when we passed a scries
of resolutions to adjourn over the usual holidays,
should prevent the transaction of any business
until next week. Kow, shall we hear the message
read? It may appear to others to be a matter of
form: lo me it s^em^ to be an act by the Senate.
How do weknowhow manyabsentSenators may
desire to be present when the message is read ?
"We may be content to substitute for the reading
a printed copy, but at present it is not understood,
and there may be those who may not be willing
that it shall be read at all. A large number of
Senators are absent, with the distinct understand-
ing that nothing would be done that might require
their action. This may require action. It requires
the action of the Senate to order it to be read; and
what order shall be pursued in relation to it, may
immediately arise on the reading of the message,
and such an order is an act which we have agreed
not to do. We know the reading of these mes-
sages very often gives rise to debate, and I think
it will be very improper if it should occur on the
reception of this message under the circumstances
in which we are placed, or even to take the usual
steps in relation to it. I do not exactly agree to
this method of doing business—the passing of a
series of resolutions for adjournments with mal-
ice aforethought. Still, T wish to keep goodfaith
with those wlio arc absent, and I objcct therefore
to the reading of the message.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not perceive how the reading
of the message can be denominated the transac-
tion of business by the Senate: a proposition to
print the message, or to order an extra number of
copies, would be; and I do not think that it would
be fair in the absence of Senators, because of the
existing understanding, to decide such a propo-
sition; but the President of the United States has
a right, a constitutional right, to communicate
his views to the Senate in relation to the state of
the country. He has chosen to send us a message
at a time when we cannot take action upon it, but
I think we are bound to hear it. We cannot divest
ourselves of the obligation to hear it; we cannot
divest the President of the constitutional prerog-
ative to communicate his views on the state of the
country. I therefore hope the message will be
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
if ony motion is necessary to the reading of the
message, or whether it is to be read as a matter
of course, without a vote. Ts the President of the
Senate to pat the question to the Senate, that it
may now be read ? If so, that is of course an act;
and' I should like to know if it is proper that the
Senate shall proceed to do such an act?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 understand that a motion was
made to h.tve it road. Objection was made, and
therefore the Senate must decide the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Thcn.it requires action,
necessarily, in order to the reading. There must
be previous action, of course. This question
arises, as has been stated by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamf.r,] whether we shall do an
act which heretofore has, and may again, call for
debate and further action on the part of the Sen-
ate ? Senators cannot but know that there lias
hardly been a message for se veral years which has
not occasioned debate—immediate debate on the
reading of the message; and where further action
has not been proposed and contested. * That is our
experience; andit istobe presumed that what has
been our experience hitherto will be our experi-
ence in the future; and I ask Senators whether it
can be denied that the obligation which is upon
our honor forbids us to attempt to do anything
upon which there may possibly be a difference of
opinion, and may occasion debate on the subject-
matter? I so understand it. What, I will inquire,
is the^bject of reading the message if we can take
no action upon it? The message will undoubtedly
get into the newspapers; but it should be read,
says the Senator; and it is to be lead, according
to his own admission, when no action can be taken
upon it. What it may demand, what position of
affairs may bedevclopedin that message, we know
not; but, according to the Senator's admission, it
is to be biought before us by the action of the Sen-
ate in its present state. Of what use, then, will
it be to read the message at this time5 Such a
step would preclude the action that absent Sena-
tors might be desirous to take if they were pres-
ent. I cannot see what good can come of it, for
m all aspects of the position in which Congress is
at thepresenttime no action can be taken. It can
lead to no proper result whatever. The President
must have understood this perfectly well. He has
had ali the time since the meeting of Congress.
No change has occurred since the first day we
met; and it is perfectly understood by everybody
that the Senate is to do no business during the
holidays. Three weeks have elapsed since the
meeting of Congress. The House is not organ*
ized to-day; and of the Senate there is hardly a
quorum present. I am therefore at a loss to un-
derstand what object is designed by bringing this
message in at the present time. In this state of
things,which cannotbe controverted,IthinkSen-
ators will not, especially the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, do anything that will be inconsistent
with that honorable understanding when Senators
left, that nothing should be done in their absence
in which they might desire to take part.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state, that it has been usual with the Senate
to read documents of a kindred character, unless
objection be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Objection is made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When objec-
tion is made, the question is decided by the Senate
without debate.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to debate the
general question. I think the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] has addressed to the Senate a
good argument against the course which the Sen-
ate has pursued; and if he had made it at the time
the Senate adopted its order to adjourn over, I
should have hoped it would have been effective to
prevent such an arrangement as was entered into.
I objected then, for a reason which I mentioned,
that the House might be organized, the message
might be sent in, and because contingencies might
arise which would require the presence of the Sen-
ate. The Senator says he does not know what
action may be requisite; nor do I. He says he
docs not know what is in the message; neither do
I; but I say it is a prerogative of the President to
communicate information as to the state of the
country. He has chosen to do it to-day.
But if the very stringent construction of the Sen-
ator be the proper one, the petitions which have
been presented, and the orders which have been
made were not consistent with the agreement into
which we have entered; nor should we have assem-
bled here this morning. His objection would have
stopped our meeting, and would have prevented
him from addressing the Senate. His objection,
as 1 understand it, is not merely lo legislation of
all kinds; but forbids anything being done by the
Senate; not only the consideration by the Senate
of any executive business, but the hearing of any
paper read.
Mr. COLLAMER. The business to which the
Senator refers, was of such a character as is usu-
ally done without action m which Senators take
much part.
Mr. DAVIS. But still it was action by the
Senate; and the fact that it was not objected to
shows the nature of the agreement. Mr. Presi-
dent, there may be matter m that message which
would justify us in sending for absent Senators,
rescinding the order which has been adopted, and
proceeding to the discussion and decision of sub-
jects peculiarly belonging to the Senate. The
President has thought proper to send us a mes-
sage, and it is due to him and-to the country that
we hear it read, that we may, if needful, send for
absent Senators, and proceect to the consideration
of matter which he lays before us.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule re-
quires that the question on the pending motion
shall be taken without debate.
Mr. BAYARD. I have listened to the remarks
of other Senators on this subject 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will consider the rule relaxed unless objection be
made.
Mr. BROWN. I trust the Senator from Del-
aware will be heard, since others have been per-
mitted to address the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ate hear the message read? Objection being made,
the rule must be enforced.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the yeas and nays
on the pending question.
M r. BAYARD. I have but a few words to say.
I understand the rule to be, that when a message
is sent to the Senate, unless objection be made, it
is read of course. It is the objection which re-
quires some disposition on the part of the Senate.
Now, sir, I was not present when this arrange-
ment was entered into; but I am disposed to carry
it out in good faith, stiictly. I do not desire to
