1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the chair.) The question is on ordering the bill
to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand there is an
amendment, which was made in Committee of the
Whole, that has not been acted on in the Senate?
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair over-
looked it. The question is on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole,
to add to the bill:
With interest from the date of the award: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Treasury may, at his option, pay the
amount of such claims in certificates of stock bearing an
interest of five per cent, per annum, redeemable in ten
years, or at the pleasure of the President of the United
States.
Mr. PUSH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment. It compounds interest. This
whole claim being a claim for interest, not for
principal, the proposition now is to pay interest
on interest. We have never compounded before.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senator from
Louisiana, as well as the Senator from Ohio, does
not comprehend the amendment of the Senator
from Florida. The amendment is this: that if
these claims are allowed, instead of paying the
money out of the Treasury now for them, the
Secretary may issue the bonds of the Government,
bearing interest.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is a part of it; but
that is not the whole of it.
Mr. IVERSON. I so understand it.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Georgia will
hear the first part of it, he will see that the Sena-
tor from Louisiana and myself are right, and he
is evidently in error.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I must ask the Senate, with
great reluctance on my part, to postpone this case
to a further day. I have stated to those gentle-
men who are in favor of this bill that I desire to
be heard on it. A great portion of that which I
should otherwise have stated was said so ably
yesterday by the Senator from North Carolina,
that I shall not repeat that; but there are some
views in relation to"this matter, and some facts in
relation to this treaty, which I think have been
omitted in the presentdiscussion. A part of them
I have endeavored to obtain from the proper De-
partment of the Government. I have not yet suc-
ceeded in obtaining all the information I desire;
but I have really been laboring so much under
fever during the last week, that I could not devote
to this matter—though I have devoted a great deal
of time to it—enough time to recall my reading of
the last session, in order to make the remarks that
I contemplate making in reference to this claim.
I do not desire anything but to have a decision of
the Senate on it at this session on fair and full
discussion. I think there are some matters that
have not yet been touched in relation to the ques-
tion of whether these claims are within the treaty.
I do not think I can be mistaken as to that. I
shall be prepared on Monday, or any day the
Senate chooses to fix afterwards, to go on with
this discussion, as far as I am concerned. If no
other Senator desires to speak now, I ask the
Senate to postpone the case until Monday, and to
make ittlie special order on that day at one o'clock.
I do not desire to prevent theactionof the Senate—
nay, I consider it essential that'it should take
place in reference to this bill, so that we may
have, if possible, a finality in reference to these
claims. 1 do not care about the day as regards
myself, I only say that I cannot get ready, owing
to the facts I have stated, until Monday.
Mr. TOOMBS. I dislike very much indeed to
oppose the motion of the Senator from Delaware.
Four years ago the Senator from Delaware and
the gentleman from South Carolina, then at the
head of the Judiciary Committee, (Mr. Butler,)
were directed by the committee to bring in a ma-
jority report against these claims. Subsequently
the subject was called up, and at the latter part
of the session. They are large in amount, and
they are entitled to full consideration. It was
then objected, and very truthfully, that there was
not time to investigate them. In order to give
time, the question was referred at the beginning
of this session to the Committee on Claims, and
a bill was brought in, and three weeks' notice, at
least, was given of time for which it was made the
special order. We have been debating it two or
three days. The gentleman's attention has been
turned to it officially for four years, to my knowl-
edge. I do not think, at this stage of the proceed-
ings—I have, it is true, some personal reasons—
that it is fair in the Senator to ask the Senate to
Eostpone the bill, and not let it now be determined
y. the Senate. Therefore I hope the Senator will
either go on with his speech this evening or in the
morning. I do not think it is a reasonable request
to ask to postpone the bill until next week.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I do not like
to sfeem ungracious to my friend from Delaware in
relation to this matter. 1, on the contrary, would
very much like to hear him. I have known here-
tofore that he has attempted on several occasions
to argue these claims, and he has never yet argued
them. I should be unwilling to have a final de-
cision before he argued them, if he really desires
to argue them. But, in addition to what the Sen-
ator from Georgia has said, I would call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that these claims were
reported, I think unanimously, from tfie commit-
tee at the last Congress; and on various occasions
I sought to place them before the Senate, so as to
have a decision on them; but the enemies of the
claims sought, by every device known to us, to
delay them, and they did delay them until near the
close of the last session. Then, on a vote, they were
referred to the Court of Claims, professedly for the
purpose of getting them from before the Senate,
when we could not be brought to a decision on
them. I know that that is not the purpose of my
friend from Delaware. I know he desires to dis-
cuss them, and have a decision on them at this ses-
sion; but I presume some other gentleman desires
to be heard against the claims this evening, and
then we can postpone them until to-morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow, at one o'clock, when my colleague may
have an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly do not desire, as I
stated, to delay the consideration of these claims.
I do not desire to prevent a decision, on a full
hearing, during the present session of Congress.
I am anxious that it should come. I supposed
the former decisions would have disposed of them;
but it seems I was mistaken. I found at this ses-
sion that, on the 28th of February, the Commit-
tee on Claims adopted the report made at the last
session,afterthehonorable Senatorfrom Vermont
had had it under consideration I do not know
how long; but that report was not printed until
the 5th of March, if I recollect rightly; for I in-
quired forit, and could notgetit. 1 did not know,
until it was printed, whether it varied from the
former report or not; and I was not aware, until
the report was made, that it was the intention
again to press these claims at this session. Im-
mediately after the report was printed the motion
was made, two weeks .ago from last Monday, to
make this bill the special order. It was made the
special order, two weeks ago, for the 19th instant.
I desired and intended to speak on it whenever,
in the course of the debate, I could; but, unfortu-
nately for me, during the last week there has not
been,'since Wednesday last, a single day on which
I have not had more or less of fever, accompanied
by constant debility of the system, arising from
its passing off and coming on again. Notwith-
standing that, to the neglect of my other business,
I have taken occasion to reread the history of
these claims, because, in the discussion of a case
of this kind, I adhere to the principle that error
latet in generalibus. I want the specifications.
I have endeavored to seek them. I will endeavor
to bring the facts specifically on some of these
points before the Senate, which to me (for I have
no interestin the claims) have removed all doubt
in reference to the question whether these claims
are within the treaty or not. I may have misap-
prehended; the Senate may decide differently; but
thinking so, I desire to present the views I enter-
tain, some of which have not been presented
hitherto, and many of which have been in the
argument of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina of yesterday, which I have read to-day.
I have found it necessary to resort to the De-
partment for what I consider essential facts for
the illustration of this question; and owing to the
circumstance that, in the State Department, where
most of these papers ought to be, from its con-
tracted accommodations, they have been thrust
up into the garret, it is almost impossible to find
any. communication of the year 1812 or 1813, or
even the year subsequent. There are some doc-
uments that I have longed to see. Extracts have
been used from them for the purpose of giving an
impression which I consider erroneous as to the
state of the facts. I certainly ought to have the
means of getting them. I have taken great pains
to do so. I have applied to the Executive and ob-
tained his order to look for these papers. They
have not yet been found; .but there is some hope
that they may be. I allude particularly to a doc-
ument which the honorable Senator from Georgia
supposes that he has seen in print. All I can say
is, that if he has, I have in vain searched for it.
I have found the instructions to General Matthews
by the President of the United States, when he
appointed him in 1811; but I have in vain searched
for his answer, stating what he had done, on
which the President removed him. I think it is
but justice to the Government that the represent-
ation made by the officer appointed by them, and
on which they acted, should be before the Senate.
I have seen not even an extract from that, and I
have heard assumptions of fact in relation to the
conduct of General Matthews which I have seen
no evidence to warrant. Now, sir, I desire to
obtain that. I hope I can do so. I certainly ought
to be able to do so, for it was a communication
to the Secretary of State, and should be in the
State Department.
Again, there is another document which has
been referred to—the letter of Colonel Smith, in
command of the troops. A paragraph was used
by Mr. White, as an extract from that letter, which
on the face of it I consider was used for an un-
justifiable purpose; and I am inclined to think that
the context of the letter would show that there
was no foundation for the purpose for which it
is applied. I may be wrong; but I want to see
that letter. It is said by Mr. White, in a commu-
nication to the Secretary of the Treasury, to have
been addressed to Governor Mitchell after he be-
came commander, and that it was sent by him
to the Secretary of State. I have asked that that
letter might be obtained. I have not yet been
able to obtain it. I think search has been made,
and further search will be made. There are one
or two other papers that I desire also to see, be-
cause, although I made up my mind previously
against the allowance, I do not want to make it
up now finally, if it is capable of change from the
facts of the case; but I desire, in the discussion of
it, to have a certainty of facts—not assumptions.
I conceive that in the report of the committee I
shall be able to point out what I consider errors—
assumptions of fact, as well as assumptions of law.
I may be mistaken in all this; but under these
circumstances I do not think I ask too much in-
dulgence of the Senate. I think I do not ask too
much even from the friends of this bill. I will
vote with them to make it a special order for any
day next week that they please. I promise to dis-
cuss it then, well or not well, if able to do so at
all. I will take the hazard of that. If I am not
well enough to do it, I will give up the discussion.
Neither I nor any other man could control the
accident of disease, that has disabled me from
pursuing the investigation to the extent required,
even to the neglect of other official business that I
have to attend to; and I think it would hardly be
due to the position a Senator occupies in this body
to compel me either to abandon the purpose of
making any remarks on these claims, or to make
them when I am unprepared to do so by the
causes I have stated.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
for two reasons, I rise to make a motion to post-
pone this bill. The first is, in order to give the
Senator from Delaware a chance to discuss this
question. He manifests great feeling and interest
in it, and thinks the country, and the Senate es-
pecially, ought to understand it. I desire that he
shall have a fair and full opportunity to discuss it.
I move to postpone it to Tussday next at one
o'clock. My next reason is, that I wish to take
up the homestead bill, and leave it before the Sen-
ate as the unfinished business. I move, therefore,
that this bill be made the special order for Tuesday
next at one o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that will not be done.
If the gentleman from Delaware wishes to be
