2220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
by the Indians and, as it is alleged, robbed of
$10*000. The parties now come into this House
and ask Congress to pay them that sum of money
out of the public Treasury. Sir, there is not a
single case, in the whole history of the country, in
which such a claim has been paid. There was an-
other bill, somewhat similar, reported and placed
on the Private Calendar, which was reached and
objected to in our consideration of the Calendar
on Saturday last. There are no facts connected
with this case which it seems to me would justify
this House in passing a bill of this character.
Has this Government become a common carrier;
and if so, when ? Are we bound tu pay for all
the property which men may lose in traveling
across the plains? There is no instance of the
kind in the past history of the country that I
ever heard of. But, sir, I do not wish to detain
the House, and I call the previous question upon
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for about two minutes.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sfder.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that he had no knowledge whatever, from the
noise in the House, that there was any gentleman
who did not understand the bill, or that the yeas
and nays were called for. But being now per-
fectly satisfied of that fact, he desires that the
motion to reconsider may prevail, and that the
bill may be fairly considered by the House.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question again recurred, " Shall the bill
pasif?"
Mr. BRIGGS. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill, and call for the
yeas and nays on the passage.
Mr, BURNETT, I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdrew that motion, and take the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT withdrew the motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yens 27, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Barrett, Holder, UrJjrgs, Bui eh,
John 11. Clark, James Ciaig, ICtliendir^, Florence, Gilmer,
Hughes, Irvine, Jimfcin, Charlie !)• Martin, Montgomery,
Morrill, Nelson, Nixon, JVoell, JRoyee, Schwartz, Soot't,
Tappan, Waltan, Eilihu £1. WaMiburjie, Wil&on, and Win-
dow—27.
NAYS—-Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. An-
derson, William C\ Anderson, A^limoic, Avery, Boale,
Ji ingham, Blnir, Blake, Boyce, Rrabsnn, Rrayion, Hrenow,
Jlufiinton, Humett, Burnham, Butterfield, Campholl,Caroy,
chi te.r, Ulopton, Clark b. Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Co\,
Burton Oiaig«, Cuiry, Curtis, FI. Winter Davn, John G.
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Eds*«rton, Edmnndson, 1-M-
vvaids, LCliot, Ely, Fo>k'r, Garlriil, (Jooeh, Grow, Ilaide-
maii, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hickman, Hoard, Holnian,
Houston, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Fian-
cis W. Kellogg, Kilgore, Lanabee, James M I,each, Lee,
Loom!-', Lovejoy, Maclay, Marion, Melvnight, Mei'liei-
eon, McUueen, Mtllson, Laban T. Moore, Mooihead, ftd-
waid Joy Morns, Uaae N. Mon in, Moiwe, Perry, IVj-ton,
I'ortei, Potter, Potlle, Pryor, Uiiailc-., Reagan, KojnohK,
Itigg^, Christopher Robinson, Rulim, Uim, Seianton, Sudg-
- wick, Sherman, Singleton, William Smith, William N.
II. Smith, Somos,Spinner, Stallwoith, Stanton, Stokes,
Stout, rftiatton, Thayer, Tlieaker, Thomas Tompkins.
Trimble, Vance, Van Wvrfc, Wade, Wahlron, Wells,
Wiiihlow, Woodruff, and \Vni*ht—ill.
So the bill was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. CLOPTON said: I am requested to state
that Mr. Crawford is paired with Mr. Jackson;
and that the latter would vote for, and the former
against the bill.
Mr. HARDEMAN stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hill, was paired with Mr. Harris, of Mary-
land, on this bill.
Mr. OLIK stated that he was paired with Mr.
kuxkel.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that he was paired with
Mr. Lamar.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Niblack, was absent from the House in conse-
quence of indisposition in his family.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that he was paired
with Mr. Underwood. If he were not paired,
he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. SINGLETON stated that his colleague,
Governor McRae, was paired with Mr. Pettit.
On motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE, the House
dispensed with the reading of the list.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. GARTRELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYS IN TENNESSEE AND KENTUCKY.
Mr, ETHERIDGE. 1 rise to-day for the pur-
pose of asking, perhaps, the only thing- thatl shall
ask this session. Last Tuesday I gave notice that
to-day I would ask to take up and put on its pas-
sage House joint resolution No. 29, directory to
the Secretary of War respecting certain surveys
in Tennessee and Kentucky. I also notified the
House that the resolution and the report of the
Committee on Public Lands had been printed, so
that whoever desired to, could understand the
whole subject. I move that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution,
and that it be taken up and put on its passage. "
Mr, CRAIGE, of North Carolina, objected.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move for a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not oidered.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The resolution was read hi extenso. It directs
the Secretary of War to order, as early as prac-
ticable, a survey to be made by the engineer corps
of the Government, with E. A. Crandall, Isaac
N. Steele, William Conner, Joseph Mitchell, E.
W. Neville, and Joseph Keith, as a supervisory
board on the part of the Stales of Tennessee and
Kentucky, of the eastern bank of the Mississippi
river, from Kentucky City to the State line be-
tween the States of .Tennessee and Mississippi,
for the purpose of ascertaining an approximate
estimate of the cost and expenditure of money
necessary to the construction of a levee to prevent
the overflow of the river upon the adjacent lands,
which was caused by the construction of levees
on the western bank of the river in the States of
Missouri and Arkansas, under the appropriations
of an act entitled "An act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp
lands within their limits," approved September
28, 1850, and make his report to Congress in pur-
suance of this resolution.
The resolution was ordered to he engrossed,
and read a third time; and bemgengrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ETHERIDGE demanded the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were net ordered.
The resolution was passed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to enable me to report back
from the Committee on Roads and Canals, Sen-
ate resolution No. 6, authorizing the enlargement
of, and the construction of a branch to, the Louis-
ville and Portland canal.
There was no objection, and the report was re-
ceived.
Mr. MALLOR V. I will not detain the House
by any remarks. The resolution is a good one,
and ought to be passed. I move that it be put
on its passage.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD,
Mr. CURTIS. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the bill of the House (No. 646) to secure
contracts and make psovwons for the safe, ceitam, and
more speedy transportation by raihoad of mails, troops, mu-
nitions of war, military, and naval stoios between the At-
lantic States and those on the Pacific and for other purposes,
be made the t-peeial oider of the day for Thursday, the^4th
instant, after the morning hour.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object.
Mr. CURTIS. I move a suspension of the
rules, in order that that resolution may be brought
before the House.
The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFIRMING CERTAIN AAND ENTRIES.
Mr. COBB. I have been waiting four weeks
for the House to dispose of the more important
business, in order that I might, call up a motion
to reconsider the vote by which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands House bill No.
44, confirming certain land entries under the third
section of the act of March 3,1855, entitled <( An
act making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department, for the fiscal year'ending
June30,1856." It passed thisHoitbeunanimous-
ly, and wont to the Senate, where a small amend-
ment was attached to it.
The question was taken; and the vote by which
the bill was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands was rcconsidered;and the bill was brought
before the House.
Mr. COBB. I hope that the bill will he put on
its passage.
The bill was read in extenso* It provides that
all entries which have heretofore been allowed by
registers and receivers, under that portion of the
third proviso to the first section of an act, ap-
proved March 3, 1855, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal ypar ending the30th
of June, 1856," in the following words: "That
each contractor engaged, or to be engaged, in car-
rying the mails through any of the Territories
west of the Mississippi, shall have the privilege
of occupying stations at the rate of not more than
one for every twenty miles of the route on which
he carries a mail, and shall have a preemption
right therein, when the same shall bo brought into
market, to the extent of six hundred and forty
acres, to be taken contiguously, and to include
his improvements; but no such preemption right
shall extend to any pass m a mountain or other
defile," be confirmed, subject to any bona fide
claim under any law of the United States to the
whole or any portion of the lands embraced in
said entries or locations by the persons aforesaid;
and the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is directed to issue a patentfor the lands embraced
in said entries; provided each contractor shall
satisfy the Secretary of the Interior that he has
complied with the terms of his contract, and that
the entries have been used and occupied as sta-
tions on the line of the route duringthe existence
of his contract; and that the provisionsof this act
shall be restricted to one and the first bona fide set
of preemptions on one and the same line of route;
that no rights, after the passage of this act, shall
accrue under the provisions ol the act of March
3, 1855, which provisions are hereby repealed,
saving all rights heietofore acquired, or those
provided for in the foregoing; and that for the
purpose of facilitating the transportation of the
public mails of the United States west oftheMis-
sisippi river to the Pacific ocean, and intermediate
points, the Secretary of the Interior is author-
ized, upon the application of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, to reserve as mail stations, for the use and
