THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COXGlflSSS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1859.
New Series No. 17.
deprive any Senator of his rights or fancied rights,
under any rule or resolution, in relation to the
President's message; but I cannot understand
that to hear the message read will be action or
violation of any agreement that has been made. I
doubt if it could be printed; but wc must dispose
of this question which presents itself on the ob-
jection of a single Senator. On the other side,
the idea is that the reading of the President's mes-
sage would be accompanied by debate. That
may be; but it may be read and laid on the table,
and it cannot be taken up to be referred and printed
without action. But there is no idea of discussion
now, in violation of the courtesy which is pledged.
The message, however, should be read; it is a
communication from the Chief Magistrate of the
United States, as to the position of the affairs of
the country, and it would be disrespectful to him
to refuse to hear it. It is his prerogative to send
us such a message, and we cannot bind him by
any action here, so as to deprive him of that pre-
rogative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays have been called for.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the yeas and nays will
not be insisted on The President has sent us a
message in writing; he might, if lie had chosen,
as in the early period of the Government, have
addressed us orally; and if he should now come
to that desk and say, " Senators, I have some-
thing in relation to the state of public affairs to
communicate to you," is there a Senator who
would refuse to hear him?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 venture to say that no
President would come unless the Senate was reg-
ularly organized to do its business.
Mr. DAVIS. It is organized; and he has been
notified of that fact.
Mr. COLLAMER. On that point I have no
remarks to mnke; but it is known to Senators that
it has been very common for debate to arise on
the reading of a President's message—Senators
desiring their remarks on the message to go out
as early as the message itself. It is then* right,
and their privilege; but if we go on with the read-
ing of this message, in the absence of a large num-
boi of Senators, we deprive them of that privilege;
and we do it by a clear breach of our understand-
ing with them.
The y^as and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard,Riglor, Bright, Brown, Ohcmut,
Clay, Clingman, Cnttenden, Davis, Fitzpattick, Gwin,
Hammond, Haun, Hemphill, JLverson, Johnson ol Aikansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Maltory, Nichol-
son, Powell, Push, Ilice, Sebastian, Thomson, Toombs,
and Yulce—f28.
NAY >3—Mes&rs. I>in«ham, Collamer, Doolittlc, Dutkec,
Fe^onden, Foster, Grimes, Ilumhn, llail.m, King, Tiuni-
bull, and Wade—12.
Mr. IVERSON rose during the calling of the
roll, after Mr. BivGiiAM.liad been called, and said:
I sec that the Senator from Michigan fails to an-
swer to his name.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule re-
quires every Senator to vote when his name is
called.
Mr. BINGHAM rose, when the call was com-
pleted, and recorded his vote.
The Clerk then read the annual message of the
President of the United States. [It will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, there seems to
be an understanding in the Senate, according to
the remarks which have been indulged in this
morning, that no business is to be transacted; that
it would be a violation of an agreement entered
into some days ago. I want, at some proper
time, not out of season, to make some remarks on
the message which we have heard read. I do not
choose to do it now for several reasons, the prin-
cipal one being tlmt ii would be a violation of the
agreement that has been entered into; and there-
fore I move that the message be laid on the table,
and that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLIjNUMAIN. That is not the usual
course which has been pursued; and therefore I
suggest that it would be bottoi to postpone the
17
further consideration until some future day, say
the third day of January, and then it can be taken
up on a motion to print. That would be .the
least action that can be taken in relation to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 think it better to pursue the
usual coursc, and that is, to move that the mes-
sage be printed, and let that motion he over. The
other course would be a violation of the agree-
ment; but the motion which I suggest can be en-
tered without further action. We are yet without
a printer, and, of course, no question can be
taken. I make the motion to print the message
and accompanying documents, and ask that it
may lie over.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 understand that there is a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, covering his annual report on the finances.
I ask that it may be taken up, for the purpose of
moving to refer and print it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the finances; which was read.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the report be
referred to the Committee on Finance, and be
printed.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned until Friday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Deccmhcr 27, 185'.).
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Ki.i.iott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SEEAKUKSIIIP.
The CLERK. The question before the House
is with reference to the admissibility of the reso-
lution of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Winsi.ow,] and upon that question the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] has the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Clerk, during-
my remarks on yesterday, I undertook to show
that the whole slavery question was solemnly
and deliberately adjusted in the convention that
framed the Federal Constitution. I undertook
then to demonstrate that the fathers of the Repub-
lic, impressed with a full sense of the high re-
sponsibility of the position they occupied, sought
to give peace to this Confederacy of sovereign
and independent States by adjusting all possible
points of collision between them. I undertook
to show that, so far from this being a Constitu-
tion which looked to the speedy termination of
the institution of slavery, it expressly provided
for its continuance; that, in the sternest and most
exacting manner, it sought to give perpetuation
to that'institution so long as it was the pleasure
of those interested in it. I undertook to show
that, so far as the Constitution itself and the
common sense of the country were expressed by
it, there was no doubt it was the clear, explicit,
and manifest purpose of those who framed that
instrument, to fence round the institution of sla-
very with the highestand mostaeeeptable guaran-
tees. Having, as I trust, sufficiently demonstrated
that position upon yesterday, I then proceeded to
show that, notwithstanding this solemn purpose,
indicated ill the official history of the country, as
well as in the provisions of the Constitution itself,
agitation commenced upon this subject the very
first year of the new Constitution. Tliat agitati'on
is shown in the debates which took place then; and
those debates show that thatagitation was tin; foun-
tain from which flowed all the troubles to the coun-
try. I then went on to show, sir, that this subject
continued to excite the attention of the country time
after time, until at last, in 1820, upon the application
of Missouri for admission into the Union, violent
opposition was made against the acknowledged
lights, as I conceive, notonly of Missouri herself,
but of the institution of slavery as it exists in the
country—a violent opposition, sir, for the purpose
of power, as proclaimed by the chief mover of that
struggle. I explained to you tie- ft arfnl crisis
which then presented the experiment of man's
fitness for self-government. I showed you that
when the hearts of the stoutest sunk in despair,
Mr. Clay stepped in to the rescue, and, by his ex-
traordinary activity, succeeded in compromising
and adjusting the difficulty for the time. I also
showed that Mr. Jefferson, with prophetic warn-
ing, said that it was only a suspension, only a
lulling, for the time being, of the storm which
would shake the country to its base. _ I then, sir,
went on to show that, notwithstanding this ad-
justment—an adjustment created under the most
solemn and imposing circumstances—agitation
still continued against the rights of the South.
Aggression, successful once, always engenders
a disposition for another; and I showed that agita-
tion was again resumed, and continued, with much
fierceness,up lo 1835; that old Faneuil Hall,called
the cradle of liberty, was again roused, witli the
thunder-tones of patriotic eloquence, by Otis, one
of the most renowned and eloquentof Massachu-
setts' sons. I showed that, notwithstanding this
appeal, the agitation still continued, and continued
with such increasing and multiplying volume that
at last tins House established what is called the
21st rule, the object of which was to repress the
agitation of the slavery question. I showed, also,
that that rule failed in its object. On the con-
trary, I showed that it furnished a new theater of
agitation and discussion. I showed that in the
Twenty-Seventh Congress Mr. Adams boldly pro-
claimed upon the floor of this House, and before
the country, that in case of a servile insurrection
and the Federal authorities were called upon to
suppress it, the Constitution gave the Federal
Government jurisdiction over the subject, and that,
under the. treaty-making power, it would have the
right to provide for the emancipation of slaves.
I showed that this sentiment had been pressed
forward, and that Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, boldly announced the
same doctrine. I then showed that, in 1843, Mr.
Clay wrote a letter to his biographer, Mr. Colton,
requesting him to write an article upon the subject
of the existing ^itation, pointing out how the
question was to *e dealt with. I asked members
of this House to look particularly to that letter,
fraught as it is with the most solemn suggestions.
Just at that time I gave way for the purpose of
adjournment. I was in the midst of a subject
upon which 1 was dwelling. I now proceed with
the argument 1 was submitting, and the collation
of authorities supporting the opinions I express.
I do so with the hope that they may not fall with-
out pro/it upon the country. I can assure the
House and the country that by my age and ex-
perience alike I am unwilling- to trifle with the
important duties before us. I feel it to be my
duty to review the past with a view to conclu-
sions bearing upon the present. _
Now, sir, if I can get the attention of the House,
1 will proceed, in the same spirit which governed
me yesterday, to collate the authorities upon the
various points I wish to make, and so to make
clear certain important and essential conclusions.
Whilst Mr. Clay was urging upon Mr. Colton to
press upon the country, in his liappy manner, the
views suggested in his letter of 1843, a distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, then occupying a
position upon this floor, was stirring up, by his
eloquence and intellect, the bitter waters of sec-
tional strife. I have hero taken from the inter-
view, to which I believe I once referred upon this
subject, what passed on the 21st of February,
1843. Gentlemen, I pray you not to close your
ears against it, but to look upon this, with the other
evidence I have introduced, as calculated to arouse
an apprehension, on the part of the South, that
the equilibrium of the Union was to be disturbed
for the purpose of sacrificing the dearest and
cherished interests of one of the most important
portions of the Union. And 1 also pray gentle-
men of the other side, when they come to con-
template the review to which I have adverted, to
make some allowance for the excitability some-
times manifested by the South, under the deep
provocations to which they are continually sub-
