1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1277
heard, I do not object. I have been promised
that speech a long time, and I wish to hear it, and
I want to hear it. I propose to let him take an
additional week, as I see it is to be postponed,
and lot us make it the special order, say for the
16tli of April.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, take the 16th.
Mr. TOOMBS. If it is to be postponed, X will
agree to that.
Mr. BAYARD. Whether it is next Tuesday
or the 16th of April, I will consent to any time
named by the Senate. Give me until Monday
next, and I am willing to take any day afterwards.
If it suits the Senator from Georgia afterwards to
reply to me, though I am aware of his ability, I
think he will find in this case, with all his power
of reply, it will be difficult to overcome the facts
which I shall present.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us see about that when
we get through.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to remark, inas-
much as I made the motion to postpone until to-
morrow, that I am perfectly satisfied with the
arrangement indicated by the Senator from Geor-
gia. I wish to hear my colleague, and I under-;
stand he is not prepared to go on this afternoon,
and that was the reason I made the motion to
postpone until to-morrow. With the consent of
my colleague and the Senator from Georgia, if it
is agreed to postpone the bill to a future day, I
am perfectly satisfied, and withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the farther consideration of this
bill, and making it the special order for the 16th of
April, at one o clock.
Mr. MALLORY. I concur in the propriety
of that order, and agree to it, although I shall not
be here on the 16th of April, and the discussion
must go on, so far as I am concerned, without
my having any opportunity to reply. I shall be
in Florida. I can pair off, however. But, sir, I
admit that the bill ought not to pass without the
fullest and fairest investigation; and I rely very
much upon the Senator from Delaware for giving
us that information which he says we have not
before the Senate. I have been in the habit of
looking at these claims annually, for years, since
1 have been here, and I doubt very much whether
the paper to which the honorable Senator alludes,
the report of General Matthews, can be found.
If it could, I think it would have been found be-
fore. Diligent search has been made for it. At
all events, I trust Senators will, by that time at
least, have familiarized themselves with the few
facts upon which the case depends and upon the
Erinciples which it involves, and that we shall
ave a decision upon it in April.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that the homestead bill is now before the Senate.
If not, I move that it be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next spe-
cial order on the Calendar is Senate bill No. 1—
the homestead bill. The Senator from Tennes-
see moves to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 1) to grant to every
person who is the head of a family, and a citizen
of the United States, a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres of land out of the public domain,
upon condition of occupancy and cultivation of
the same for the period therein specified.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I hope the bill will be laid
aside informally, to enable my colleague to have
a private bill taken up.
SAMUEL J. HENSLEY.
Mr. LATHAM. I asked the Senate this morn-
ing to take up the bill (S. No. 249) for the relief
of Samuel J. Hensley. I want to make an ex-
planation, which will be very brief, in relation
"to it.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the
payment to Samuel J. Hensley of |96,375, for
twelve hundred and eighty-five head of cattle by
him actually delivered in May, 1855, to the agents
of the United States for the use of the Indians in
California, as found by the Court of Claims.
Mr. LATHAM. The bill has been reported
unanimously.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to state the question whether
the Senate will take up the bill for consideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a word on that
question.
Mr. MASON. That bill involves too much
money to take it up in this hurry, and decide
on it.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is another objection.
I dislike exceedingly to interpose an objection
to any request of the Senator from California; but
this bill is far down on the Calendar, and it is
large in amount. Not because it is large in •
amount, however, will I object; but I want to
know what more merit there is in this bill than
in the hundred which stand before it on the Cal-
endar ? If we go on and take up a bill here and
a bill there, those that may have peculiar friends
to sustain them, we leave all the rest behind. If
there is great merit in this, let it stand on the
Calendar to stimulate that Senator and his col-
league, and all who know it to be just, to dispose
of the preceding bills so as to enable us to reach
it in the order of business. It seems to me that
there is no good reason^hy we should wrest this
out of its place and do injustice to others. I hope
it will not be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to take up the bill for consider-
ation.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,on
a division—ayes 18, noes 23.
FUKNISUING NOllTII WING OF CAPITOL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I submit the
following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate be, und they aru hereby,
authorized to have the north wing of the Capitol fitted up
with tiie necessary fixtures for gas (in conformity with the
general style of those in the south wing) in the passage,
corridors, committee, offiec and other room:,; and also to
provide tiie committee and other rooms with sueli other
furniture as, in their judgment, is necessary; and that the
cost thereof be paid out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate.
There can be no sort of objection to it, I think,
and I trust that it will be passed at once.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, it will lie over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator will withdraw the objection. It is sim-
ply leaving it to the discretion of the committee.
Mr. CAMERON. I want to think about it.
' Mr. MASON. I shall renew the objection, if
it be withdrawn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 21, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
TheJournal of yesterday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE INTERFERENCE.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Hoard,
Case, Boniiam, Burniiam, and Dimmick, a com-
mittee under the resolution adopted on the 6th
instant, to inquire relative to the alleged inter-
ference of the Executive with the action of the
House.
PUBLIC LANDS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SINGLETON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill graduating the price of certain
lands in the State of Mississippi; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
ARTHUR EDWARDS AND OTHERS.
Mr. leach, of Michigan, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House be
discharged from the further consideration ot report No.
162 from the Court of Claim's, and that the papera in the
case be referred to the Committee oil the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. "What claim is
that? .
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. It is an adverse
report on the petition of Arthur Edwards and
otfiers.
RAILROAD AND' TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BOTELER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the construction of a
railroad and telegraph communication from a point
on the Mississippi river, south of latitude 37°, to
the Pacific railroad; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select committee
on the Pacific railroad.
BRIDGE OVER TIIE POTOMAC.
Mr. BOTELER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the construction of a bridge
over the Potomac river at Georgetown; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to *
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution for the
appointment of a clerk to the Committee for the
District of Columbia. %
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Co •
lumbia be authorized to employ a clerk, at the usual com-*
pensationof four dollars per day while in the actual employ
of said committee.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that.
STATISTICS Or MANUFACTURES.
Mr. McKNIGHT asked unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, under the supervision of
the compiler thereof, for the use df the House of Repre-
sentatives,  copies of the statistics of manufactures
communicated by the President of the United States to the
two Houaes on the day of ~—, 165-.
Messrs. COBB, CRAIGE of North Carolina,
and others, objected.
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I call up the x*esolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of the New York
contested election.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the consideration of the following reso-
lution, reported by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That A. J. Williamson, contesting the right of
Hon. D. E. Sickles to a seat in this House as a Represent-
ative fiom the third district of the State of New York, be,
and he is hereby, required to serve upon the said Sickles,
within ten days after the passage of this resolution, a par-
ticular statement of the grounds of said contest; and that
the said Sickles be, and he is hereby, required to serve
upon the said Williamson his answer thereto in twenty
days thereafter; and that both parties be allowed sixty days
next after the service of said answer to take testimony in
support of their several allegations and denials before some
justice of the supreme court of the State of New York, re-
siding in the city of New York, but in all other respects in
the manner prescribed in the act of February 19, 1851;
on which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
John Cochrane] is entitled to the floor.
SEIZURE OF MEXICAN VESSELS AT VERA CRUZ.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution
of inquiry:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this Hou&e yvhotherthe recent capture of
two Mexican vessels, in or neartheharborof Vera Cruz, by
the United States ship Saratoga, was in pursuance of orders
irom the President or Secretary of the Navy; or whether
the acts of the officer in command or the Saratoga has been,
or will be, approved by the President. Also, that the Pres-
ident, if not incompatible withtiie public interest, do eom-
municatc to the House copies of the orders and instructions
under which our vessels in the Gulf of Mexico are now
acting.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
PUBLIC LANDS FOB RAILROAD PURPOSES.
Mr. LANDRUM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill making a
grant of lands to the State of Louisiana, to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said State.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object, and insist on the
regular order of business.
IMPROVING TIIE NAVIGATION OF THE POTOMAC.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back a resolution which
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, on the subject of improving the naviga-
tion of the Potomac; and to ask that that commit-
tee be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the same be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
