258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
ject. I beg leave, now, to read an extract in refer-
ence to a memorable debate between John Quincy
Adams, and Mr. Delict, of Alabama, on the 21st
of February, 1843:
" Mr. Dellet, of Alabama, reviewed in succession all
the speeches agamst the 21st rule, and finally coming to
Mr. Adams's remarks in ftivor of tlie abolition of siaveiv,
concluding with the prayer that in God's good time it
would come, and let it come.
" Mr. Dellkt asked Mr. Adams if he understood him.
"Mr. Adams nodded assent, and said, with great earn-
estness, ' Let it come.5
" Mr. Dellet. Yes, let it come. No matter what the
consequences, let it come, said the gentleman. Let it come,
though women and children should be slain, though blood
should flow like water, though the Union should be de-
stroyed, though the Government be broken up, no matter
though five millions of the people of the South perish!
"Mr. Adams, (m his scat.) Five hundred millions! Yes,
let it come."'
Mr. COBB. Was that the sentiment of an Ala-
bamian ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; it was the
reply of Mr. Adams to Mr. Dellet.
Mr. COBB. I was going to say that if an Ala-
bamian held such doctrines we would hang him
UP- ....
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. Yes, sir, upon this
floor and in the face of the American Union, Mr.
Adams boldly proclaimed 4' let it come, though
five hundred millions perish; let it come." The
extract continues:
" The remark of Mr. Adams hero excited considerable sen-
sation in the House, and Mr. Dellet proceeded : 4I am,'
said he, < one of the few who, m 1824, believed that it was
better to have a civilian elected to the highest office m the
gift of the people tiian a militaiy chieftain. It was then I
voted for the gentleman fiom Massachusetts; I cannot abk
my country to forgive me lor this offense, but I do ask
pardon of my God tor it.' "
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will now, Mr.
Clerk, proceed historically with the subject I have
been treating. I will call the attention of the House
to a declaration of Mr. Seivaud, in 1848. I do that
for two purposes. I do it, first, for the purpose
of illustrating unmistakably the progress of this
limitation, by showing that there was a persistent
agitation on the question from the first year of the
Constitution. I wish to show the sentiments ut-
tered by the most important, and perhaps the most
distinguished man of the present (lay; because I
hold that these are not the mere sentiments of a
man, for he is the type of a great party, whose
sentiments he speaks. I, therefore, call the atten-
tion of the House and of the gpuntry to an ex-
tract from the speech of Mr. Seward, deliv-
ered at Cleveland, in 1818. On that occasion lie
said:
" Slavery can lie limited to its present bounds ; it can
be ameliorated ; it can be, and it muM, he, abolished , and
you ami f can and mu< do it- The ta^k is as simple and
easva-nts consummation will be beneficent and its rewards
glouous. Jt MMjunes to lollow only tins simple rule of
action . to do eveiywheie, and on every occasion, what we
can, and not to neglect or iv!u-o to do what we can, at any
time, bucause, at that precise time, and on that partienlai
occasion, we cannot do nioie. Cneuuistances detctiimte
possibilities.'3
li Corieet your own error that slavery ha5? constitutional
•guaiantees which may not be released, and ought not to be
leJinquislied." * * " " You will soon bring the
parties of the country into an effective aggression upon
slavery"
Here, then, you see that it is proclaimed by this
gentleman in the midst of an exciting slavery agi-
tation in the free States, that abolition can be ef-
fected, and that "you and I (in his own language)
can and must do it." The programme is to agi-
tate, to do everything you can, whether it seems
to involve an important consequence or not; to do
everything you can, although, for the time being,
it may not be valuable or important. You may
soon, (said he,) by this course, bring back the
parties of the country to k< an effective aggression
upon slavery."
How pregnant were thopo words; how full of
warning; and how fruitful of trying results ' Hav-
ing brought this subject to the year 1848, 1 pro-
pose now to read another extract from the speech
of the same gentleman, delivered last year. I do
it for two reasons: firsj,, to show the continuation
of the agitation during the intervening period from
tliat time, and to show that Mr. Seward was ad-
hering to the policy indicated in 1848. In this
speech, deliveied on the 25th of October, 1858, in
the city of Rochester, which was deliberately pre-
pared, and on "which I may have occasion to com-
ment, he designed to arouse and awake public,
ft-pling, and to lend these people on to Iheir work
of death on the Constitution and the Union. Says
Mr. Seward: «►
Martin Van Buren—-the first non-slaveholding citizen
of a free State to whose election the Democratic party ever
consented—signalized his inauguration into the Presidency
by a gratuitous announcement that under no circumstances
would he ever approve a hill for abolishing slavery in the
District of Columbia. From 1838 to 1844, the subject of
abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia and m the
national dock-yards and arsenals was brought before Con-
gress by repeated popular appeals. The Democratic party
thereupon promptly denied the right of petition, and effec-
tually suppressed the freedom of speech in Congress, as far
us the institution of slaveiy was concerned.""
In 1848, Mr. Douglas, acting on the idea that
the Missouri compromise was an adjustment; that
it was to remain the law of the land, offered in
the Senate of the United States a proposition to
extend the line of 3G° 30' to the Pacific ocean:
"Mr. Badger. Now, Mr. President, I propose to come
to the inquiry whether the principle of the legislation of
18-20 has not been in fact depaited from, overturned, and
repudiated. First, sir, T call your attention to an amend-
ment moved in the Senate to the bill to establish the teui-
tonal government of Oregon. By reference to the Journal
of August 10,1848. it will he seen:
"' On motion by Mr. Douglas to amend the bill, section
fouiteen,lmeone,byinsertmg after the word "enacted'1—
"4 That the line of H6° 30'of north latitude, known as the
Missouri compiomise line, as defined by the eighth section
of an act entitled " An act to authorize the people of the
Missouri Temtoiy to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States, and to prohibit
slavery in certain Tewritorieb," appioved MarcliG, 18*20,be,
and the same is hereby, declared to extend to the Pacific
ocean; and the said eighth section, together with the com-
promise therein effected, is hereby revived ami dcclarcd to
be in full foice and binding for the future organization of
the Teintories of the United States, in the same sense and
with the same understanding with which it was originally
adopted.'"
Now, here was a distinct proposition, made by
a Democratic Senator at the head of the Territo-
rial Committee in the Senate of the United States,
to i-xtend the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific ocean. Can any man doubt that if that
proposition had prevailed, it would not have pre-
vented any disturbance of the question ? But, no;
those who now cry out in favor of the Missouri
line, and denounce the bad faith involved (as they
charge) ill its repeal, opposed this proposition
with all their power. What says Mr. Badger?
After speaking of the proposition of the honorable
Senator fiom Illinois, he proceeds:
"Well, in. it was earned m the Senate. I mun pause
hcie and that right things aie very apt to be earned in
the Senate." The vote wa< • yeas nays 21. 1 behove
that evciy gentleman repiesentuig a southern constituency
here votedYui thnt provision. I find the yeas were:
u 1 Messrs Atchison, Iiartge.r, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameion, Davis ot Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgeiald, Foote, Uan-
negan, Houston, llunter, Johnson of Maiyland, Johnson
of .Louisiana, Johnson of Geoigia, King, Lewis, Manama,
Mason, Motcalf, Pierco, Sebastian, ►Spiuaiicc, Stuigcon,
Tiuney, and Undciwood—iW.'
The n;ui weic :
u Allen, Alherlon, Baldwin, Bradbuiv, Bieese,
Clnike, Convin, Davis or Ma=^acliii^etts, Da>ton, Dix,
Podge, Felcli, Gieenc, Hale, Hamlin. Millet, Nilcb, Phelps,
Upham, Walker, and Webster—521.'
Here, then, you nee the South manifesting _a
willingness to permit the Missouri line to remain
as the fixed law of the land. Here you see the
spirit of peace and brotherhood to which I alluded
yesterday. They were willing to allow that line
to extend to the Pacific ocean. But, sir, it was
defeated; not by the Senate, for they passed it; it
was defeated in this House. It came here, and
was defeated; and, would you believe it? the very
men who are now talking so much of the sanctity
of the Missouri compromise; who hove mouthed
it through the country for the purpose of mis-
leading th>' public mind, as I must insist; thevciy
men who are clamoring fast and furious upon
this subject, were the men who themselves de-
feated this measme. Lock to the history oi tins
subject sine'1 th' * uK-nsure received its quietus,
you will find the same men and the same party
voting against the principle and the extension of
ii the Missouri line to the Pacific ocean, now clam-
,j oring and denouncing the repeal of the Missouri
; | ime as a breach of faith of the most glaring char-
acter.
But, sir, that is not all. Mr. Hale, himself,
made a spcech, as I will show you presently, in
which his views were fairly indicated. I have no
hesitation m saying that if the proposition were
ij now pending to reestablish the Missouri compro-
j| mise lino, and extend it to the Pacific, the Black
.' Republican pnrfy would promptly vote it down.
Well, sir, I now pass on to 1850. All recollect
that the measures,commonly'known as the com-
promise measures of 1850, excited the country to
the profoundest depths. The patriotic heart of
the country was again stirred up. Paneuil Hall
again spoke out and endeavored to lull the storm.
The settlement then made by the compromise
measures of 1850,1 insist, and I shall endeavor to
show you, was an adjustment of the whole terri-
torial question before the country. I beg leave to
read an extract from Mr. Clay's famous spcech of
March, 1850. I put it in here, because I desire to
have it published and go fo the country.
In answer to the allegation that the compro-
mise measures repealed the Missouri restriction,
a prominent man said:
''But they tell you. al<o that the compromise measures
of 1850 repealed the compiomise measures of 1820. In the
first place, I would like to ask—who said so ? then, next, I
would like to ask—who thought *o? Nobody'—nobody
thought so, and nobody said so; and the man who would
have said so would have been regaided as a fit subject tor
a lunatic a&jlum."
Now, sir, I answer that Mr. Clay,Mr.TooMBs,
and Mr. Foote said so. These citations are from
Mr. Clay's famous speech of March 6, 1850:
" Sir, while I was engaged in anxious consideration upon
this subject, the idea of the Missouri compromise, as it has
been termed, came undei my leview, was considered by
me, and finally rejected, as in my judgment less worthy of
the common acceptance of both panics of this Union than
the project which I offer to youi consideration.
"But 1 wish tocontiasttlicplan of accommodation which
is proposed by me with that which is ofieied by the Mis-
f-ouii line, to be extended to the Pacific ocean, and to ask
gentlemen fiom the South and from the North too, which
is 11104 proper, most just, to which is there the least cause
01 objection ? What was done, sir, by the Mit-souii line ?
Slavery was? positively inteuhcted noith of that line. The
question ot the admission oi exclusion ofblavery south of
that line was not settled. There was no provision that sla-
vciy should be admitted south of that line. In point ot fact,
it existed there. In all the tenitory south of 36° 30', em-
biaced in Arkansas and Louisiana, slaveiy was then exist-
ing. It was not necessary, it is tiue, to inscit a clause
admitting slavery at that time. But, if there is a power to
interdict, theie is a power to admit; and I put it to gentle-
men troin the South, aie they piepared to be satisfied with
The lino ut 30" 30', i.itcidicting slavery noith of that line,
and giving them no seeniity lor the admission of slavery
south of that line?
" When J came to eonsidci the subject, and to compare
the provisions of the line of 36° 30'—the Misj-ouii compro-
mise line—with the plan which 1 have piopo*cd tor ihe
accommodation of this question, raid f to myself, if I offer
the line of 3G° 30', to inteidict the queMiun of slavciy noith
of it, and to leave it unsettled and open *011 th of it. I offei
that which is lllusoiyto the South—T offer that which will
deceive them, if they suppose that slaveiy will be secured
south of that line. It is better tor them—f said tom>-?elf—
it is better for the South that there should be non-action as
to slaveiy both north and south of the line—far better that
there should be non-aetiori both sides of the hue, than tluit
there should be action by the interdiction on the one side,
without action for admibsion upon the othei side of the
line. Is it not so? What is there gamed by the South, il
the Missouri line extended to the Pacific, with the inter-
diction of slaveiy noith of it?1' k.e.
"X hope, then, to keep the whole of those matteis un-
touched by any legislation of Congress upon the subject <>i
slaveiy, leaving it open and undecided. Non-action by
Congiess is best for the South, and best for all the views
which the South have disclosed to us from time to time, as
corresponding to their wishes. I know it has been said
with lcgard to the Territories, and especially has it been
said with regard to California, that non-legislation uponthe^
part of Congress implies the same thing as the exclusion of
slavery. That wo cannot help. That Congiess is not re-
sponsible for. If nature has pronounecd the doom of slavery
in these Tciritories—if she has declaied,byher immutable
Jaws, that slaveiy cannot and shall not be mtioduced there—
who can you repioaeh but nature and nature's God ? Con-
gress you cannot. Congiess abstain®. Congress is passive.
Congiess is non-acting, south and north of the line; oi
rather, if Congress agieos to the plan which I piopo^e—
extending no line—it leaves the entire theater of the whole
cession of these Territones untouched by legislative enact-
ments, either to exclude or admit slaver}."
Again Mr. Clay said:
" The field has been left open for both (sections; to be
occupied,'' &c.—Jlppciidix Congressional Globe,firstxes&ion
Thirly-Vust Congress, page 014.
Again:
Senators inav go homo and say that the;;p vast teuito-
ries aie lelt upon."
?.lr. "Foote p,ii<l,in a speech on the compromise
measures, (Congressional Globe, 1st session,
Thirty-First Congress, page 1273:)
Tins bill opens the whole temtoiy to both sections of
the Union alike.''
Mr. Toombs declared with still more distinct-
ness, in a letter addressed to his constituents, in
1850,that—
" Tins great principle of State equality and Federal non-
intervention thus compromised aw.iy in 18^0, has been res-
cued, leestabhshed, and firmly planted m our political
i sj'ctem by the recent action of Congress."'
