1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
Again, Mr. Clay said:
" It was hi#h time that the wounds which the Wilmot
proviso had inflicted (this anti-slavery restnction was the
same ill effect to the tenltory where it applied with the
Wilmot pioviso) should be healed up and closed; and that
to avoid, m all future time, the agitation which must be pro-
duced by the conflict of opinion on the slavery question, the
true piinciple which ought to regulate the action of Con-
gress, in forming territorial governments for each newly
acquired domain, i#to lefiain fiom fill legislation on the
subject in the territory acquired, so long as ltietains the
teiritonal form of government."
During the reading of the above extract,
Mr. POSTER asked if it was the President's
message which was being read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly, if the
gentleman desires to have the President's message
read, 1 will cheerfully give way for a motion to
that effect. Do 1 understand the gentleman from
Wisconsin to make that motion?
Mr. POTTER. I will merely state, in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia, that I understood
him on Saturday to say he was unwilling to have
the speeches of other gentlemen incorporated in
his speech and published at his expense, and I did
not know but the President's message was now
getting in the same way. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not know
whether the gentleman wanted to give us an ex-
hibition of his smartness or not. If so, I hope he
has been gratified at the rcsu]£> I presume, and
I have no doubt, the country will be greatly edi-
fied. [Laughter.]
Mr. Clerk, the House cannot fail to perceive
that I have here furnished distinguished evidence
that all the Territories of the United States were
henceforth to be considered as free for every class
of labor. All the restrictions which had been
placed upon any of these Territories were to be
removed. The effect of the compromise measures
of 1850 was to repeal the Missouri and all other
restrictions upon the Territories. It was to lay
the whole country open. The argument of Mr.
Clay, addresed mainly to the South, was conclu-
sive jn this respect. The Missouri lme placed a
positive restriction upon all the territory north of
36° 30'. South of that line there was no such
prohibition, but there was no distinct declaration
that slavery should be seated there. He went on
and undertook to prove that it was better for the
South that this whole country should be laid open;
that all the restrictions resulting from past legisla-
tion should be removed. That was the declara-
tion of Mr. Clay; and I mention these things to
show what ground there is for the clamor which
gentlemen are in the habit of indulging against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. These com-
promise measures, however, were passed, and
they brought no peace to the country. I propose
to show that it is an entire mistake that it pro-
duced repose. The evidence upon the subject is
full and ample. It was early proclaimed, I think,
on the floor of the Senate, that slavery agitation
should never cease until the fugitive slave law was
repealed; that there should be no peace; that agi-
tation was the word until that measure was re-
pealed. It was under the influence of this pro-
found agitation that Mr. Clay and his friends got
up the paper which was signed, and which 1 now
propose to have read. I allude to the paper signed
by Mr. Clay and others, and which was referred
to in the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] on the first day of the
session.
" Whereat!, the circumstances and condition of the coun-
try require that the asperities and animosities which, for
the lastfew years, have been rapidly alienating one section
of the countiy from anothei, and destroying those fraternal
sentiments which are the stiongest supports of'the Consti-
tution, should he alloyed: whereas, inasmuch as the his-
tory ot tne Government furnishes instances of success in
giving quiet to the countiy by the united exertions of con-
servative national men, irrespective of paity, there is reason
to hope for a like re-aiSt from similar labois: whereas, in
1851, when the minds of the people of the North and of the
South were inflamed on the subiect of slaveiy, national
men appealed to the count! v as follows, to wit:
441 The undersigned, members of the Thiitj-Fii-st Congress
of the United States, behoving that a renewal of sectional
conti overly upon the subject of slavery would be both dan-
gerous to the Union and dcstiuetive ot its object-*, and
seeing no mode by which such contioversv can be avoided,
except by a strict adheience ro the settlement theieot ef-
fected hy the compiomise acts passed at the last session of
Congress, do Hereby declare their intention to maintain the
said settlement inviolate, and to resist all attempts to repeal^
or alter the acts aforesaid, unless by the general consent of
the tilends ol the measure, and to remedy such evils, it any,
as time and experience may develop.
"' And foi the purpose of making this resolution effective,
they further declare, that they will not suppoit for office of
President or Vice President, or of Senator or ofRepiesent-
ative in Congress, 01 asmenibei ofa State LegMatuie.any
man, of whatevei party, who is not known to be opposed
to the distuibance of the settlement aforesaid, and to the
lenewal, in any form, ot agitation upon the subject of sla-
very.
"'HeiuyClay, H. A. Bullaid,
Howell Cobb, C. H. Williams,
C. S. Morehead, T. fc>. Haymond,
William Duer, J. Phillips Phoenix,
Robert L. Kose, A. H. Sheppard,
H. S. Foote, A. M. Sclicrmeihoui,
William C. Dawson, David Breck,
James Brooks, John \\. Thurman,
Thomas J. Ru?-k, James L. Johnson,
Alexander II. Stephens, D. A. Boke.c,
Jeremiah Clemens, • .T.B.Thompson,
Robeit Toombs, Geoige It. Andrews,
James Cooper, J. M. Anderson,
M. P. Gentry, W. P. Mangum,
Thomas G. Piatt, John B. Kerr,
Henry W. Ihlliaul, Jeremiah Morion,
William M. Gwin, L. P. Caldwell,
1<\ E. McLean, H I. Bowie,
Samuel Eliot, Edmund Debcrry,
A. G. Watkins, JO. C. Cabell,
David Outlaw, Humphrey Mai shall,
Alexander Evans, Allen E. Owen.'
cc The effects of which on the popular mind were to in-
duce the Demoeiatic party in their National Convention at
Baltnnoie, in 18o"2, to resolve and pledge themselves to the
nation, as follows, to vvif:
" 'That Congtess has no power under the Constitution to
inteifere with or contiol the domestic institutions of the
several States, and that such States aie the sole and propci
judges of everything appei taming to their own affairs, not
prohibited by the Constitution; that all effort* made to in-
duct; Congie*.s to interfere with questions of slavery, 01 to
take incipient steps in relation thereto, are calculated to
lead to the most alarming and dangeious consequences;
and that all such efforts have an inevitable tendency to di-
minish the happiness of the people and endanger the sta-
bility and permanency of the Union, and ought not to be
countenanced by any fnend of oui political institutions.
" ' That the foiegomg proposition covets, and wa>> intend-
ed to rmbiaee, the whole subject of the slaveiy agitation in
Congic^s; ami, theretoie, the Democratic party of the
Union, standing upon the national platform, will abide by
and ariheie to the i.uthtnl execution ot the acts known a*
the compiomise measures settled b\ the l.M Congress, the
act foi the K'elaiming of fugitive-* fiom seivice included,
which act being designed to cairy out an expre^ piovision
ot the Con.-aitution,"cannot, with fidelity thcieto, be re-
pealed or so changed as to destioy oi nupaii its- efficiency.
k llcsoli erf, That we will legist ah attempts ai rencwinc:,
in Con-jrew or out of it, the slavery agitation, under what-
evei shape and eoloi the attempt may be made.'
" And the Whigpaity in the same veai, at the same place,
le&olved and pledged thcnis-ehc?-, an follows, to wit.
" 'That the series of measuies commonly known as the
compromise, including the fugitive slave law, aie acqui-
esced in by the Whig panv ot the United States, as a set-
tlement, in principle and sub'itonce, a final settlement of
the dangerous ?uid exciting questions which they embrace;
and so far as the fugitive slave law is concerned, we will
maintain the same, and ii M*t on its strict enfoieoment,
until time and experience shall demonstrate the necessity
ol fuither legislation to guain against evasion or nlmve. not
impairing its present efficiency , and we depieeate all f Hi-
ther acitation ot slavery questions a* dangeious to our peaec,
and will discountenance all efforts at tlie lenewal oi con-
tinuance of such agitation, in Congic^ oi out of it, what-
ever, wherevei, or howcvei the attempt may be made : and
we will maintain this system as essential to the nationality
of the Whig party, and the integrity ot the Union.3"
Why was it necessary to come out with such
an extraordinary paper as that signed by Mr.
Clay and others ? The laws had passed; and why,
sir, was it necessary for these distinguished and
prominent men to come out with such a solemn
pledge ? It was because of the profound agitation
and excitement creatcd by the compromise meas-
ures of 1850. Gentlemen have been in the habit
of saying that they brought healing to the coun-
try, and I advert to this paper for the purpose of
showing that it did no such thing; that, on the
contrary, agitation and excitement were still the
order of the day. Even the cooperation of the two
great party conventions availed nothing.
I go on now further to illustrate. I read from
a speech of Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, now
a Senator from that State, which was delivered in
1851, and immediately after the adoption of the
compromise measures. I do this because there
is no question, perhaps, which has been more
unfairly dealt with than the adjustment measures
of 1850. Here, sir, are the deliberate sentiments
of a member of the Senate of the United States.
True, he was not a Senator when they were de-
livered.
Hon. Henry Wilson, at an anti-slavery festi-
val, held in Cochituate Hall, Boston, on the even-
ing of January 21, 1851, to celebrate the comple-
tion of the twentieth year of the existence of the
Liberator, said:
" Sir, allusion has been made, to-night, to the small be-
ginning of the great anti-slavery movement, twenty years
ago, when the Liberatoi was launched upon the tide. These
yeais have been years ot devotion and of struggles unsur-
passed in any age or in any cause, But, notwithstanding
the treachery of public mc n, notwithstanding the apostacv
for which the yeai 1850 wns distinguished, I venture tcrsav
that the cause of liberty is spreading throughout the whole
land, and that the day is not far distant when brilliant vic-
tories for freedom will be won. We shall an est the exten-
sion of slavery, and rescue the Government from the grasp
of the slave power. Wc shall blot out slavery in the na-
tional capital. We shall surround the slave States with a
coidon of free States. We shall then appeal to the hearts
and consciences of men,and,in afewyears, notwithstand-,
ing the immense interests combined in the cause of oppres-
sion,we shall give liberty to the millions in bondage. [Hear,
hear.] I trust that many of us will live to see the cbain
stricken from the limbs of the last bondman in the Repub-
lic! But, sir, whenevei that day shsH come, livingordead,
no name connected with the anti-slavery movement will
be dearei to the enfranchised millions than the name of your
guest, William Lloyd Garrison. [Prolonged applause.]"
He proclaims hostility to these measures, and
speaks of the defection and treachery of public
men. He avows the most undoubted abolition
sentiments, and he winds un with a eulog/of
William Lloyd Garrison. Sir, if I understand
who that man Garrison is, he is a British subject.
I understand that William Lloyd Garrison never
became a naturalized citizen of this country; and
1 understand that he refuses ever to become a cit-
izen. If I do him injustice-1 will be glad to be
corrected. I understand that Garrison is a Brit-
ish subject; that he has never been naturalized,
and is now a British subject. If I am wrong, I
will bo glad to be corrected. I am acting upon
information that commands my confidence. I
speak thus deliberately upon this point, because
I desire gentlemen, his confreres, to speak i£I do
him wrong. He is then a British subject. He
refuses to become a party to our Constitution,
which he calls a league with death and a covenant
with hell. He exercises no right of suffrage, but
in the midst of a great community he preachcs
treason, and does his best to sever the bonds which
bind this Union together. That, sir, is his avo-
cation, and that the man that Senator Wilson
eulogizes.
Now, sir, to show that there is hostility—fixed,
determined hostility—in the northern pulpit to
the compromise measures of 1850, I will call at-
tention to the following extract from a treasonable
discourse recently pronounced in the Unitarian
church of Dover, New Hampshire, by the Rov.
Edwin M. Wheelock, to a large and approving
congregation:
" It is a great mistake to term this act (Brown's) the be-
giimin;; of bloodshed and civil war. Ncvei could there be
a greatei error. We have had bloodshed and civil war for
the last ten years; yes, foi the last ten years. The cam-
paign began on the 7th of March, 1850. The dissolution of
the Union dates from that day, and ivc have had no Constitu-
tion since. On that day Darnel Webstei was put to death;
ah, and -such a death ! And from that tunc to this, them
ha> not been a month that has not ^een the soil of freedom
invaded and attacked, our citizens kidnapped, imprisoned,
or shot, or driven by thousands into Canada."
I have read this extract for the purpose of lotting
the House see that there was no pacification under
the compromise measures of 1850; that even the
pulpit has*made war against it. Mr. Sewakd
jiimself, instead of lending the saction of his great
name to this contemplated pacification, in his
Rochester speech denounced the compromise
measures in strong and bitter terms. He said:
" When, in 1850, governments were to be instituted in
the Tcirit'ones of California and New Mexico, the fruit*
of that wai, the Democratic party lefused to admit New
Mexico as a fiee State, and only consented to admit Cali-
fornia as a free State on the condition, as it has since ex-
plained the transaction, of leaving all of New Mexico and
Utah open to slavery; to which was also added the concern
of perpetual slavery in the District of Columbia, and the
passage of an unconstitutional, cruel, and humiliating law
toi the recapture of fugitive slaves, with a further stipula-
tion that the subject of slavery should never again be agi-
tated in either Chamber of Congress."
Sir, the fact that there was a stipulation that
there should he no further agitation upon this
subject of slavery is, by Mr. Sew^arp himself,
seized upon as a ground of objection to the ad-
justment measures of 1850, Pie said, that the re-
pressing of the agitation, as it was attempted in
that day, was a crime. It interfered with his
policy. Agitation was the order of the day. That
was one of the gieat means by which the slavery
institution was to be affec^d.
Well, sir, this being the adjustment, and this
being the manner in which it was receivedby the
country, I take another step forward. I go a
stopforword chronologically, at least, audi hope a
step further in effective illustration. A great deal
has been said, wo all know, m reference to tlio
Kansas-Nebraska bill. The country, has been
profoundly agitated upon i^luH ntter the hwtorv
