2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21.
mission, $2,400; for the fourth five years after the date of
ins commibMWi, ^'2,600; for twenty years and upwards after
the date oi his commission, $2,800. Every purser ou leave
or waiting orders, for the first five years alter the date of
his commission, $1,409; for the second live years after the
date of his commission, $1,600; for the third five yoars
after the date of his commission, $1,800; for the fourth five
years after the date of his commission, $2,000 ; for twenty
years and upwardsafter the date ot his,commission,$2,250.
Professors of Mathematics: Every professor of mathe-
matics on duty, §1,800; when on leave or waiting orders,
$>60.
Engineers: Every chicf engineer on duty, for the first
five years after the date of his commission, ,$1,800; for the
sccond five years after the date of his commission,$2,200;
for the third five years alter the date of his commission,
$2,450; after ftlteen years after the date of his commis-
sion, $2,600. Every chief engineer on leave or waiting
orders, lor the first five years after the date of his commis-
sion, ,200; for the second five years after tiie date of hw
commission, $1,300; for the third five years after the date
of his commission, $1,400; after fifteen years after the date
of his commission, $1,500. Every first as^i^tant engineer
on duty, §4,250; while on leave or waiting orders, $900.
Every second assistant engineer on duly, $1,000; while on
leave or waiting orders, $950. Every tlurd assistant engi-
neer on duty, $750; while on leave oi waiting outers, $600.
Warranted Officers: Every boatswain, gunner, carpen-
ter, and sail-maker, on duty at sea, tor the iiixt three years'
sca-serviee after the date of hU wairant, $13000; tor the
second three years' sea-service after the date of his war-
rant, $1,150; for the third three years'sea-service after the
date of his wai rant, $1,250; for the fouith three years' sea-
service, alter the date ol his vvajiant, $1,350; foi twelve
years' pea-serviec and upwards, $1,450; when on other
duty, for the first tlnee years' sea-setvice alter the date of
warrant, $800; for the sccond three year&" sca-seivice af-
ter I he date of his warrant, $900; ioi the thud tlnee years'
seawerviee after the date of Jus wanant, {$1,000: 1m the
fourth three years' sea-somco after tlie date of Jus war-
rant, $1,100; for twelve yeais' sea-seivice and upwards,
$1,200; when on leave oi waiting oidms, lor the hist tlneo
years' sea-service alter the date of hi.-i wairant, $600 ; lor
the second three years' sea-set vice after the dateot his wai-
rant, $700; for the third tlnee yeans' &ea-.service alter the
date ef his wairant, $800; far the lourth three years'sea-
service after the date oi his warrant, $900; lor twelve
years' sea-service and upwards, $1,000.
Sec. 2. */lnd be it further enacted, That nothing in tlua
act contained shall be so construed as to increase oi mod-
ify the present pay of duels of buieaus m the Navy De-
partment, with whom shall he classed the pteM,«nt superin-
tendent of the Naval Obwnvatory : Pioaided, That the otfi-
cer now charged with experiments in gunnery at the navy-
yard, Washington, shall receive the sea-service pay of the
grade now next above him.
Sec. 3. *Mnd be it further enacted, That hereafter no ser-
vice shall be regarded as sea-service but such as shall be
performed at feea under the orders of a Department, and in
vessels employed by authority of law.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted. That nothing in this
act contained shall be held to modify or affect the existing
power ol the Secretary of the Navy to I'm lough ofiicets, ot
to affect the furlough pay.
Sec. 5. Jind be it fmthcr cnffderf/I'hat the mcieased pay
hereinbefore provided lot masters shall attach to masteis
not in the line ol promotion, whether on the active oi re-
served li*t; and officer* on ihe leserved list, when called
Into active .service, shall teeeive the pay of their icspective
grades as herein provided during the tenn of such service:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall he construed
to change or modify the piesent pay ot olliceis on the ic-
served list, either on leave or tuilough.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MORSE. I should like to say a few words
before the vote ia taken on this question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I withdraw the
previous question, to allow the chairman of the
committee to be heard.
Mr. MORSE. I will occupy the floor but a
short time. 1 will state first, Mr. Speaker, that
it was not my expectation that an attempt would
be made to rush a bill of so much importance as
this through the House without an assignment
of a day for its consideration. I snv this With all
due respect to the gentleman from Maryland. I
am satis/led that nut half a dozen members of the
House understand the effect of all the amendments
proposed to the Senate bill; but even if the House
were disposed to go into a full consideration of
the subject to-day, I am not prepared to discuss
it in all its bearings, for the memoranda and facts
with which I would like to illustrate it are at
my rooms; not having the least expectation that
any action would be had on this subject for some
days. I only wish to make a brief reply to what
the gentleman from Maryland said in regard to
the pay proposed for lieutenants-in the two sub-
stitutes. The majority of the committee propose :
to change the basis of their pay, and that is the j
most important variation from the Senate bill j
which we recommend; because we do not regard j
the proposition of the Senate as calculated to have I
a permanently good effect upon the service. If !
you look through the bill, you will find that the !
pay of every other grade of officers is based upon |
the length of service; but it disregards that rule I
when it comes to lieutenants, and says that the
pay of a lieutenant shall be based upon the length
of service he has seen at sea.
Now, you can have only a portion of your
lieutenants at sea. Out of three hundred and
twenty-seven now in the service, you have only
one hundred and seventy out at sea. You cannot
have them all at sea. There are not places for
them. The lieutenant who gets to sea is alucky
man; and I am inclined to think that there is vastly
more favoritism practiced in sending men to sea
than there is in keeping them on shore-duty.
There are, without doubt, some officers who are
loafers, and resort to every means to get clear of
duty. These gentleman use all their powers to re-
main on shore, and they often have power enough
at court to get their desire gratified; but my friend
from Maryland bases his argument upon the idea
that the whole body of our lieutenants are skulks,
and seek constantly to avoid service. Now, if
that were true, I would discharge every man of
them, and put in their places energetic and capa-
ble captains and mates from our merchant service,
who would be faithful and not skulk from duty.
The proposition of the majority of the committee
is not based upon that idea. It is based upon the
idea that our officers are not all drones and
loafers, and have to be driven to sea; but on the
presumption that they are men, and are willing
to do their duty. When you base the pay upon
sea-service, which is the Senate proposition, and
which will operate upon all the officers who are
now lieutenants, you go back to the time of their
boyhood, when they commenced their service as
midshipmen on board ships, receiving their edu-
cation under professors of mathematics, and
count the four years of boyhood thus spent in
the thirteen yeais of sea-servicc required for the
highest grade, pay, &c. We had no Naval Acad-
emy at that time, and our midshipmen all got
their education at sea.
Now, how will this principleoperatein the pres-
ent and in the future? We have now a Naval
Academy, and our naval officers are educated on
shore, and can get no four years of sea-service,
when boys, to help them into the highest-grade
pay. The Senate bill will act with exceeding
hardness on these men who have been educated
on shore. It will be a very long time before they
can get in the highest class* of pay. But the Sen-
ate bill will rush all the present lieutenants into
the highest grade of pny in two or three years.
Our proposition is to proceed more gradually, and
to keep the present lieutenants in a lower grade ot
pay for a longer time; so that if tlus pioposition
is to operate upon the Navy as a permanent and
enduring one, calculated to give satisfaction to all
classes, in my judgment the proposition of the
majority of the committee is a fairer one, by a
great deal, than that of the Senate. There are a
great many lieutenants doing civil service on shore,
employed in the Naval Observatory and'as teach-
ers in the Naval Academy, on exploring expedi-
tions, coast surveys, &c., because they have brains
enough and education enough to be made far, very
far more useful than keeping lookout on a ship's
deck. The Department will not let them go to
sea to perform the common routine of sea-ser-
vice; and you are to punish them for their intel-
lectual capacity, by keeping their pay down, be-
cause the Depaitmcnt keeps them engaged in a
higher class of duties.
A great many considerations of this sort oper-
ated upon the majority of the committee in reject-
ing the proposition of the Senate, and fixing upon
a proposition beginning back at the date of the
passed midshipman's warrant, which is, on an
average, about eight years before his commission
as a lieutenant. We begin back there, and we
give every lieutenant $1,600. Then all who serve
over ten, and under fifteen years, will receive $1,800
per annum. After they have served over fifteen
yeais, and less than twenty, they are to receive
§2,000 a year. After thoy have served twenty years
and over, they are to receive $2,200. I am perfectly
satisfied that the operation of the plan, through
a series of years, will prove vastly better than
that proposed by the Senate, which my friend
ftom Maryland proposes to adopt. As sure as
fate, if you adopt this Senate proposition, it will
not be more than four or five years before you
will have to remodel the whole system in this par-
ticular.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine, and to the friends of this bill,
whether it will not be better to allow it to go to
the Committee c?f the Whale on the state of the
Union, and let those of us who have not had an
opportunity of examining itlearn something about
it. As I understand it, they are making mid-
shipmen at the rate of two or three hundred a
year.
Mr. MORSE. Not as fast as that. There
will be about twenty-five this year; next year,
about thirty-five; ana after that, they are crowd-
ing them in so, that the average number will be
about fifty.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, I still would sug-
gest to the gentleman, whether it would not be
best to let this bill go to the committee, where it
may be examined. There seems to be a differ-
ence among the friends of the bill as to many of
its provisions. I know it is an ungracious thing
to oppose increasing the pay of anybody; but, in
my judgment, this bill ought not to pass without
giving the members of the House an opportunity
to know something more about it. Can any gen-
tleman tell me about how much it will add to the
cost of the Navy?
Mr. MORSE. I did not anticipate entering
upon this debate now, and have not the facts by
me; but it will be several hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. STANTON. 1 suppose it will cost a great
deal of money. Can my friend from Maine tell
me what it will cost ?
Mr. MORSE. 1 cannot state, without refcience
to memoranda, which I have not with me, how
much the application of this bill to the whole
corps of Army officers will add to the expense of
the Navy. I have the facts on which to make the
calculations, but I cannot state at this moment;
but it will add several hundred thousand dollars
annually to the Navy appropriation bill. I will
say in this connection, that a majority of the com-
mittee provide in their substitute for a fair increase
of compensation, and that, I believe, there is a
disposition on the part of a very large majority of
this House to inciease the pay of the Navy; but
i think it will be perfectly safe to let this matter
be assigned for a particular day, and then let us
consider it section by section, amend it as a ma-
jority of the House may think proper, and give
all who desire to do so an opportunity to offer
amendments. I have no doubt that a proper
bill could by tiiat means pass the House, and
probably a much better one than we will be likely
to rush through by the course we are pursuing.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I propose to say
a word m reply to my friend from Maine.
Mi. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman from Maryland has
once addressed the House upon this question, and
that he is not entitled to the floor again until other
gentlemen who wish to speak have been heard.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 called the pre-
vious question, but yielded to the gentleman from
North Carolina to make a statement; and also to
the gentleman from Maine, who advocated the
substitute reported by the majority of the com-
mittee. If, however, the gentleman ftom Ohio,
in his desire to defeat the bill, wishes to cutoff all
debate, 1 am perfectly willing that he nhould have
that opportunity. I only wish to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. STANTON. There is no difficulty m the
world about the gentleman saying his few words.
I desire to open the bill for general consideration
and amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. BRANCH. Did not the gentleman sub-
mit a motion to postpone this bill until a certain
day ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
submitted no motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The question now,
as I understand it, is on the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland. If that shall carry,
what will be the next question ?
The SPEAKER. On the amendment as amend-
ed.
Mr. MORSE. I want to understand this thing
fully. If I comprehend it rightly, this is a prop-
