260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
I have given of the subject, will it be pretended
that if Kansas had never appeared there would
have been any the less agitation than has existed?
Would not other pretexts have furnished the
materials for that agitation which was proclaimed
to be the policy of the anti-slavery party of the
country ?
I now ask the attention of gentlemen upon the
other side, and especially that of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] for a brief period,
to that branch of the exposition which I am now
about to present, for, if I remember the remarks
of that honorable gentleman some days ago, he
held the Democratic party responsible for all this
slavery agitation. The fourteenth section of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, as originally reported by
Mr. Douglas,is as follows;
" That the Constitution and all laws of the United States,
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same force
and effect within the said.Territory of Nebraska as else-
where within the United States.''
Why was it thus reported ? It was so reported
because, as I have shown you in reference to the
compromise measures of 1850, there was no fur-
ther necessity of having geographical lines. But
Mr. Dixon, a Senator from Kentucky, a Whig, a
gentleman of intelligence and character, thought
there might be possibly some question made upon
the subject, and he saw no occasion for allowing-
it. Accordingly, Mr. Dixon—Mr. Dixon, a Whig,
a patriotic, high-toned gentleman however, for X
had the happiness of knowing him—proposed an
amendment which, after vauous modifications,
was afterwards reported in this form, following-
immediately after the oi iginal clause already read:
" Except the eighth section of the act piepaiatoij to the
admission of Mia&ouu into the Umou. appioved Ahuch
( , 1820, which, being inconsistent with the principle of
non-intervention by Congu^-s with slavery m the States
and TerntoiicSj as leeogiu/.cd bv the legislation ol 1S50,
commonly called the 'cumpiomNe measure,' is hereby
declared mopeiative and void; it being the true intent and
meaning ot tins act not to legislate sla\ eiy into any Tom-
toiy or State, nor to exclude it thoietiom, but to leave the
people thereof perfectly lieu to toim and icgulatc their do-
mestic institutions in then-own w.i\, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States.*'
Here, then, you sec, if th«4io is any responsi-'
bility for the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
it is a responsibility for winch the Whig party,
as such, is mainly and immediately responsible.
This provision, m words, repealing the Missouri
compromise, is ofieicd by Mr. Dixon, a Whi^-,
and a Whig Senator from Kentuckj*. To this
amendment, however, the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, Mr. Badger, submitted this pro-
viso:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to revive or put m force any law or regulation wlueli
may have existed prioi to the net of the Cth of March,
1820, either protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abol-
ishing slaveiy."
Now, let us pause here a moment. There are
three gentlemen leading in this movement. Mr.
Douglas a Democrat, arising in his place, re®
poi ts the proposition which 1 have read. He says
nothingabnutthcMissouri compromise line. He
does not propose to annul it. True, I suppose lie
considered it annulled; and so did others. But
a Whig steps into the ring and proposes not to
leave it as a question of inference by the public.
He proposes, in explicit terms, a repeal of the
Missouri compromise line. And another Whig
steps in and adds a proviso to it, which gives the
law as it now stands upon the statute-book.
There is the responsibility which the country will
understand, and apply it as they may.
But that is not a!!. Mr. Dixon was assailed as
embarrassing the Democratic parly by his amend-
ment; whereupon he, m a speech on the 24th Jan-
uary, 1851, (see Congressional Globe, first session
Thirty-Third Congiess, Part I, page 240,) said:
a T have been charged, through one of the loading jour-
nals of this city, with having piopo-ed the amendment
which 1 notified the Senate [ intended to oilei,with a
view to cmbanass the Demociahc p.uty. It \\ as s.ud that
I was a Whig from Kentucky, and that the amendment
proposed by me should be looked upon with suspicion by
the opposite paity. tfir^.1 merely wish to remaifc that,
upon the question of Miivery, I know no Wlnggery and I
know no Democracy. 1 am a pro-slavery man—f am fiom
a •Javehokhns State—I icpre^ont a slave'holding constitu-
ency— and J am heie to maintain the lights of that people
whenever they aic presented bcioie the Senate.
"The amendment, which T notified the Senate that X
should oiler at the proper time, has been incoiporated by
the Senator tiom Illinois into the billwhiehhcha-Tppoited
to the Senate. The lull, as now amended, meets my
views, and I ha\ e no objection to it. I shall, at the proper
time, h>  far as T am able to do <-n, aid and assist the Sena-
tor from Illinois, and others who are anxious to cairy
through this ptoposition, with the feeble abilities I may be
able to bring to been upon it. I think it duo to myself to
make this explanation, because I do not wish it to be un-
derstood that upon a question like this 1 have, or could
have, any motive except that which should influence a
man anxious to secure what he believes to be a great prin-
ciple—that is, congressional non-interference in all the
Terntones, so far as the gieat question of slavery is con-
cerned."
So spoke the father of this amendment repeal-
ing the Missouri compromise; and that father was
a Whig. But that is not all. Was that gentle-
man alone? Did he alone of the Whigs cooper-
ate with the Senate in that policy ? The evidence
on that subject is likewise ample and conclusive.
I call the attention of the House to the remarks
of Mr. Badger, at that time the honorable Senator
from the Old North State. Mr. Badger, in con-
cluding the speech, said:
" Mr. President, I desire to say that, though I hold none
of my southern friends on this floor responsible for the
course of argument which I have offcied, or any of the in-
termediate views I have expressed, I think It right to say,
and I think I have their authoiity to say, that, with regard
to the results to which I have coine upon this mca«uic,wc
all agree as one man—eveiy southern Whig Senator. I
wish that to be understood, that the position ot gentlemen
may not be mistaken because they have not yet had the
opportunity of speaking or voting upon this bill."
It is true, Mr. Clerk, as the history of those
days shows, that one Senator [Bell, of Tennessee]
afterwards withdrew from that position—an act
which gave rise, both in this House and the other,
to no little excitement. But, suffice it to say, that
Mr. Badger spoke by authority. He said lie had
the authority of every Whig Senator; and that
statement was made in the presence of Senator
Bell himself. How did ho obtain that authority?
Why, the Whig; Senators, it is known, had a cau-
cus on the question, and adopted the line of policy
to be pursued. During the period of that agita-
tion, it happened that the old National Intelli-
gencer—a paper which, with all its errors, 1 re-
spect—took ground against the action of the Whig
party in the {Senate. On that occasion Senators
took the conduct of the Intelligencer under then-
consideration, and adopted the following resolu-
tion:
'"Resolved, That w1 disapprove the course of the Na-
tional Intelligencer upon the Ncbiaska bill: and that, in
oiu opinion, it does not tiuiy icproscnt the opinions ol the
Whig paity of the South."
Sir, I ask gentlemen now how it is that we can
be charged—the Democratic party—with the sole
responsibility of the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise? Does it he iii the mouth of our old
Whigfriends now to undertake to arraign the De-
mocracy on this question anywhere, or under any
circumstances? 1 could go on, and adduce evi-
dence upon evidence in connection with this ques-
tion, but I do not deem it necessary. The evi-
dence here is complete. But as various state-
ments have gone forth to the country in former
days, and 110 doubt still go foith on this subject,
I propose to give the vote on this bill in tabular
form.
The vote on the passage of the bill stood:
Tn the Senate. jFor. Against.
Northern Demociats 1-1 2
" \Vhig< - 6
Southern Democrats 14 1
" Whigs 9 1
Abolitionists - 3
37 13
Inihc House. J<or. JIgainst.
Northern Jiemociats -It 43
■< Whigs - -58
Southern Democrats 55 2
Whigs 14 7
113 100
It is curious that if the southern Whigs had
voted as a body against the bill, it would have
been lost; but they voted as a body for if, and it
became a law. I hope, then, that whatever re-
sponsibility there may be for this measure, the
Whigs and Democrats of the South will at least
be one in regard to the question. And I must he
allowt d to say m this connection, that I was rather
surprised to hear the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Gilmer"! say the other day that all con-
curred now in denunciation of what is called the
Lccompton bill. The gentleman is mistaken.
The gentleman voted against the bill, but he need
not lay the flattering unction to his soul that all
concui with him. 1 will not go into that ques-
tion, although it is equally fruitful of vindication.
In this connection, and with a view to illustrate
the subject, I beg leave to read the remarks of
Mr. Hale, on the proposition to adopt the line of
36° 30' in the Utah bill, and I give it as being the
common sentiment of the North.
" Mr. Hale. I wish to say a word as a reason why I shall
vote against the amendment. I shall vote against 36° 30'
because I think there is an implication in it. [Laughter.]
1 will vote for 37u or 35y either, just as it is convenient;
but it is idle to shut our eyes to the fact that here is an
attempt in this bill—I will not say it is the intention of the
mover—to pledge this Senate and Congress to the imaginary
line of 36° 30', because there arc some historical recollec-
tions connected with it in regard to this controversy about
slavery. I will content myself with saying that I never
will, by vote or spcecli, admit or submit to anything that
may bind the action of our legislation here to make the
parallel of 36° 30' the boundary line between slave and free
territory. And when I say that, I explain the reason why
I go against the amendment."
Allow me to present a few extracts from papers
and a few opinions of prominent men in reference
to the South and slavery, as eminently illustra-
tive and suggestive.
The celebrated General James Watson Webb,
of the Courier and Enquirer, one of the organs of
the Republican party, and I believe the special
organ of Senator Seward , publishes the following
sentiments:
'• If we [meaning the Republicans] fall there, [at the
ballot-box.j what then? We will drive it [slaveiyj back,
sw old in hand ; and,Vb help mc God I believing that to be
right, I am with them."
Here is a great organ of the Republican party,
a paper of extensive influence and circulation, a
paper of giant dimensions—a gentleman of trav-
eled intelligence—this man, with great bravado,
sends his papers abroad in the land, telling us
that "We will drive slavery back, sword m hand.''
He do it? I will not dwell upon it, but I simply
emphasize the word; and those who are familiar
with that gentleman will understand the might of
the threat.
But Mr. Henry Wilson, who spoke upon this
subject, in a speech in Boston, in 1855, said:
li Send it abioad on the wings of the wind that I am
committed, fully committed, committed to the fullest ex-
tent, in iavor of immediate and unconditional abolition
of slavery, wheicvei it exists under the authority oi the
Constitution of the United States."
In a letter to Wendell Phillips, written on July
20, 1855, the same Wilson wrote:
" Let us remember that more than three million of bonds-
men, groaning undei nameless woes, demand that we shall
reprove each other, and that we labor for then deliverance."
i -Kx-t-rh-kyv*
u T tell you here to-night that the agitation of this ques-
tion of human slavery will continue while the foot of a slave
presses the soil oi the American Republic."
In 1855, at a public meeting in Massachusetts,
the following resolution was adopted:
l< Resolved, That we should rejoice in a successful slave
insunection in the South, and that in killing a slaveholder
to obtain freedom, the slave is not guilty of any ciime;
that the slaveholdei should be made to dieam of death in
1h> sleep, and to appiehcnd death in his dish and tea-pot;
tint the should meet him in his bed, and poison should meet
him at the table."
From Seward's Ohio speech:
" It [slaveiy] can and must be abolished, and you and I
must do it." " * " Correct your own error that
ulaveiy has constitutional guaiantees which may not be re-
leased, and ought not to be relinquished." * T
"You will soon bring trie parties of the country into an
cfl'cctivc aggtcssion upon slavery."
Governor Chase of Ohio.
The following incident, iclated by a correspondent of the
IImit-.vdle (Alabama) Democrat, will afford on> readeis an
oppoitumty (if learning something of the kind feeling with
winch slaveholder are legarded by this piecious Ohio Ab-
olition official:
Dear Sir: In compliance with your request, I furnish,
buefiv, the paiticulars of an interview had by myself with
S. P. Chase, Governor of the State of Ohio, in icgard to
emancipated slaves.
Near the close of the winter of 1857,1 visited Ohio at the
instance of S. I). Cabinet, Esq., and Samuel C.Townsend,
foi tJ\Lj purpose ot selecting a home for a number of slaves
belonging to the estate of Samuel Townsend, decea^eu, and
who, according to his last will, weie to be hbeiatcd and
settled ni >ome free State. Having letieib to scveial dis-
tinguished gentlemen in Cincinnati, mainly of the eleigv
and the bar. and having made their acquaintance. I ob-
tained from them letters to othei intelligent and influential
citizens in different portions of the State.
Among many others, 1 had letteis to his Excellency Gov-
ernor S. P. Chase. I called on him among the first men,
alter my anival m Columbus, believing, fiom what 1 had
loained ot him fiom others, who knew hnu well, that he
would take a deep interest in tiio matter of my mission, and
that, owing to his thoiough acquaintance with the physical
ami moial developments of the State generally, he would
be found an efficient fii^ml of those f lcpiei-ented. J was
received by the Governoi with appaient coidiahty, and re-
ceived fiom lam much infoimation in regaid to the vauous
negio schools, colonies. &c., m tho State. But, to my utter
