1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21.
Then, sir, I think it may be safely concluded
that this was a determination of the result of the
election; that it has so been considered by the
•House; that upon that point both parties here are
estoppedby the decision of the House, and that
the law under which we are acting is based upon
such considerations, and was enacted for such
reasons, as to preclude the propriety or the legis-
lative possibility of opening a case which .is
broadly without its salutary provisions.
But, sir, there is one other consideration which
actuates me now, and which I will present before
1 resume my seat. It is this: I do not see how
the contestant avoids the unpleasant dilemma to
which these circumstances and facts reduce him.
If there was no legai determination, then he has
no title to his seat any more than the sitting mem-
ber. But the sitting member enjoys the advantage
that while neither, according to this supposition,
is entitled to a seat, yet the House has determined
under the circumstances, ex gratia, or for any other
reason, to allow the sitting member to take and
maintain a position here; so that if the contestant
was thus hopelessly removed beyond the possi-
bility of relief by the action of the House, and if
it be conceded that he was not, by the determina-
tion of the board of State canvassers, entitled to
a seat, I will ask how, in the one case, hecanclaim
the relief which has been extended exclusively to
the sitting member; or how, in the other, he can
claim an ad vantage from an election which he him-
self is, from the necessities of his argument, the
first to concede and annul. If he was elected, he
has been culpably negligent, and is not entitled to
the benefits of the Federal law. If he was not
elected, the action of the House supersedes him,
and my friend upon my right [Mr. Sickles] is
entitled to his place.
Now I cannot, sir, see how the rights of this
case can be tortured into any other channel than
those legally applicable to the circumstances
thereof; and I think I have conclusively shown—
and I shall so continue to think, until the legal
argument is overthrown—that here was the legal
determination contemplated by the Federal law
which has been cited, ami which determination
having been made in December, 1858, that the
contestant now, at this late day, should take noth-
ing by his effort to unseat the sitting member from
the third district of New York.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I should not occupy the
time of this House in reference to this question, did
I not suppose it related to interests and involved
consequences beyond the personal rights of the
sitting member from the third district, or the con-
testant who is now at the bar of the House, how-
ever worthy they themselves may be of ourcare-
ful consideration. It has appeared to me during
the whole of this discussion that it does involve
principles of the greatest importance, and that we
are now, at this time, about to establish a prece-
dent, and about to give, in reference to this point, a
construction to the act of Congress, which will be
of the highest importance hereafter, and which,
therefore, we should take the utmost care to have
correctly settled.
Sir, this discussion has taken a somewhat wide
ranjre; and it may be useful to call the attention
of the House back to the precise points that are
here in controversy. The question here, Mr
Speaker, is not, in the first instance, as to the
right of the member who claims his seat or the
rights of the other members from the city of
New York to their seats here. It is in no respect
a question for us to decide now, whether, on these
certificates that were here presented, there is suf-
ficient to authorize the House to give the seats to
the Representatives from the city of New York.
All that may bo with safety admitted, and still
it would not touch the points of this discussion.
Neither, sir, is it a question whether the act of
the board oiState canvassers of the State of New
York was or was not a wise,discreet, and correct
act m itself; and very much of the discussion that
has taken place on this subject might have been,
it seems to me, avoided if this distinction had been
kept m mind.
The question is not what the State canvassers
should have done;, but it is what the State can-
vassers did, whdt they undertook to do, and what
they have declined and refused to do; and on this
question it is that we are to decide in this case.
It is quite unnecessary, and it would be quite
superfluous in me to undertake to defend the con-
duct of the State canvassers—all of whom, I be-
lieve, are of the true Democratic feith—not one
of whom, I suppose, can be charged with having
been actuated by any prejudice in this case against
the members from the city of New York—all of
which members, with one exception, are of their
own Democratic family. E^ch one of these State -
canvassers was born in the purple; for I believe
that the Democracy claim to be sovereigns in this
country, and that all other parties are subjects.
Each one of these canvassers was of the true
faith; and I do not feel called upon to defend their
action in this case. But, Mr. Speaker, is it so
clear that their action is correctly designated here
by the minority of the committee, as a "paltry
quibble?" Is it so clear that the State canvassers
had the right to do, or could have done, more than
they have done in this case? Why, it seems to
me the mere reading of the Constitution goes very
far to defend their action in this respect. _ The
Constitution of the United States provides, in the
first place, that Congress shall consist of Sena-
tors and Representatives—two distinct classes—
both of which, I think it must be admitted, are
members of Congress. After declaring that Con-
gress shall consist of a Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, the Constitution then proceeds to
declare, with the great precision and discrimina-
tion of language which is peculiar to that instru-
ment, that no person shall be a Representative—
not a " member,'' bu t a Representative—who shall
not have attained a certain age; and again, that no
person shall be a Senator who shall not have at-
tained- a certain other age. It then proceeds to
declare, in the fourth section, that the time, place,
and manner of holding elections for "Senators
and Representatives"—both of which are mem-
bers of Congress—shall be prescribed, in each
State, by the Legislature thereof. Then, in the
sixth section, it provides that "Senators and
Representatives" shall receive a compensation for
their services; and again, in the same section, it
speaks of them as " Senators and Representa-
tives"—never, in any case, using the loose and
indefinite form of " members of Congress;'' which
term applies as well to Senators as to Representa-
tives in Congress.
Now, sir, let us look for an instant at the facts.
What did the board of State canvassers under-
take to do? What was it their duty to do ? The
statute of the State determines thatqucstion. The
statute declares that the canvassers shall make
one statement of votes given for Senator and other-
officers, and another statement of votes given for
Representatives in Congress—using the specific
language of the Constitution, " Representatives
in Congress," and not, of course, the expression
"member of Congress," which is a generic term.
On such a statement they shall proceed to do—
what? To adjudge? To adjudicate, as my hon-
orable colleague [Mr. John Cochrane] says ? Not
at all. "They shall proceed to determine and de-
clare." They shall count the votes; and, as the
result of their counting, they shall declare what
personshave been, by the greatestnumber ofvotes,
duly elected to such office. Towhatoffice? To
the office of " Representative in Congress," and
to 110 other office whatever. *
What further shall they do? " They shall then
make and subscribe, on a proper statement, a cer-
tificate of such determination, and shall deliver
the same to the Secretary of State." Now was
the certificate of such declaration ever delivered
by them to the Secretary of State? The only
certificate delivered by them to the Secretary of
State (for I shall immediately refer to this other
statement) was the certificate that all the others
ofthe thirty-three Representatives from the State of
New York were elected, all except the five mem-
bers from the city of New York. Then the stat-
ute proceeds to direct that" the Secretary of State
shall, without' delay, transmit a copy, under seal
of his office, of such certified determination to
every person therein declared to be elected, and
alike copy to the Governor." Has this certi-
fied copy of determination ever been transmitted
by the Secretary of State to the sitting member in
this contest, or to any of the sitting members
from the city of New York? Never! never!
There is no proof of it. There is no pretense of
it. It is evident that the fact does not exist.
What more?
He shall prepare a general certificate under the seal
of this State, and attested by him as Secretary thereof,
addressed to the House of Representatives of the United
States, in that Congress for which any persons shall have
been chosen, of"the due election of the persons so chosen
at ,each election as Representatives of this State in Con-
gress ; and shail transmit the same to the said House of
Representatives at their first meeting."
Now, sir, in this "such certificate,"as it is
called in this statute, which was prepared by the
Secretary of State, the name of the sitting mem-
ber in this case was left out.
Now, what does the Federal law provide ? It
provides, with very singular coincidence of lan-
guage—which was alluded to by my honorable
colleague [Mr. Conkling] who spoke on the same
side yesterday—that the party "shall, within thir-
ty days after the result of such election shall have
been determined by the officers or board of can-
vassers authorized by any law to determine the
same, give notice," and so forth.
Now, the honorable gentleman who has just
taken his seat says that the decision of the county
canvassers is sufficient; that that is a sufficient
determination of the result of the election, evert if
the State canvassers should not act at all, if I
understood his argument aright. Now, that
determination was made by the county canvass-
ers, I think my colleague says, on the 21st d&y
of November, 1858. I would ask my colleague,
then, if the thirty days began to run on that
day- 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My friend and col-
league evidently misunderstood my proposition.
I intended^to say that the determination by the
board of State canvassers that my colleague, the
sitting member, had received a majority of the
votes for member of Congress from the third
district, was a judicial and legal determination of
the result of the election in that district.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Then I beg my col-
league's pardon. I had supposed that, in a por-
tion of his argument, he went even further than
that, and, in order to make the case stronger,
stated—I probably misapprehended him—that
even the decision of the county canvassers was
sufficient, and would have been even if the State
canvassers had been guilty of a dereliction of duty.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I did not intend to
be so understood.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Then, of course, my
remarks are not appropriate on that point.
Now, let us revert for a moment to the action
of the State canvassers. These returns came be-
fore them. They were called upon to perform
their duty, and determine who were elected, ac-
cording to this statute, as " Representatives in
Congress." They found a large proportion of the
returns from the counties of the State of New
York declare the number of votes given for " Rep-
resentative in Congress;" but they found that the
votes from certain counties in the country, Tioga,
Herkime*,and Cortland, I believe, and from ail of
the districts in the city of New York, were re-
turned as having been given for " member of Con-
gress." What, then,.should they do? Were they
called upon to say, the words " member of Con-
gress" mean the same as " Representative in Con-
gress?" Suppose the votes had been returned for
'' deputy in Congress," or delegate to Congress:''
would it then have been proper for these State
canvassers to have declared that that meant the
same as " Representative in Congress," though it
would certainly have been more proper than the
use of the general, gencric term of "member of
Congress,'' as synonymous with Representatives
in the lower House of Congress.
When once these canvassers, these counters
of the votes, began to wander from the words of
the statute and the Federal Constitution into the
wide field of construction, where should they stop ?
The State canvassers say, " Our duty here is lim-
ited; we are to make a return of' Representatives
in Congress;' we cannot make such a return; we
find no such votes; what shall we do? We will re-
turn the facts; we will not make this determina-
tion, which we cannot make according to the stat-
ute; but we will return the facts justas they exist,
with minute particularity, to the House of Rep-
resentatives, who have the right, who have the
jurisdiction, who have the constitutional power,
to determine the question,and who, doubtless, wili
exercise it." No doubt these State canvassers
thought, as we thought, that there could be no
question as to the propriety of the House of Rep-
resentatives admitting these gentlemen upon the
floor.
