1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
astonishment, Governor Chase closed his conversation on
the subject by remai king, with emphasis, that" foi his part,
ho would rather never sec another free negro set his loot
upon Ohio soil." I asked his reason. " Because," said
he, u their moral influence is degrading." I then remarked
that it appeared to me a''glaring inconsistency, in him and
others in Ohio, to love our southern slaves so much as to
desire their freedom and clamor for their emancipation,
and yet hate them so much as to be unwilling to allow them
a home in their own State; especially so since, by the ex-
isting laws in the slave State4?, the negro cannot be liberated
and remain where he is." He replied: "I do not wish the
slave emancipated because I love him, but because I liate
his master—I hate slavery—I hate a man that will own a
slave."
The above statements, Mr. Editor, are at your disposal.
Yours, truly, WM. D. ClIADiOK.
" There is reaily no union now between the North and
the South ; and he believed no two nations upon the earth
entertain feelings of more bitter lancor towards each other
than these two nations of the Republic. The only salva-
tion of the Union, therefore, was to be found in dividing it
entirely from all taint of slavery."—Senator Wade*—Repub-
lican (Ohio) Leader.
Mr. Adams, in a letter written to the Aboli-
tionists of Pittsburg, on the subject of anti-slavery
societies, said:
"On the subjcct of abolition, abolition societies, anti-
blaven societies, 01 the hbcity paity, I have never been a
member of any of them. But, m opposition to slaveiy, 1
go us far ass any of these; my sentiments, 1 believe, veiy
nearly accord with theirs. That slaveiy will be abolished
in tins country, and tlnoiighout the world, f iiimly briu'vc.
Whether it shall be done pcaeeably or by blond, God only
knows; but it will be accomplished,! have no doubt; and,
by whatever way, I say let it come."
I have given you, gentlemen, the opinions of
your public men. Among them will be found a
statement of the opinions of Governor Chase, of
Ohio, of the free negro and the slave owner, by
Mr. William [3. Chadick, of Huntsvillc, Ala-
bama.
And, sir, if I mistake not, the present Governor,
or Governor elect, of Ohio, proclaimed broadly
and boldly m his canvass that the fugitive slave
law should not be executed within the limits of
that State if he was elected, that he would invoke
the whole power of the Slate authority to prevent
the execution of that act of Congress. Can it
be expected that we should close our ears to such
insults and defamations, or shut our eyes against
such aggressions?
But, sir, the most pregnant and alarming doc-
trine that has been deliberately put forth to the
country, is to be found in the speech of Governor
Seward, at Rochester, on the 25th of October,
1858. It is a speech which was carefully pre-
pared, voluntarily and without necessity deliv-
ered to an audience assembled to hear him. He
occupied a large space in the public eye. lie was
deemed a man of wisdom and ability. lie had
troops of friends. He possessed great power over
the passions and conclusions of men. The public
mind was greatly excited on Kansas affai'-s; and
the opportunity was n glorious one to soothe ex-
isting excitement, and rouse up that love of union
without which it is in vain to hope for its preser-
vation. Let us see how he performed the noble
and glojious duty which lay so invitingly before
him." In the speech to which I have referred, he
says:
Our eouniry is a thr-nt"i, which exhibits, m full opeia-
tion,two radically dillercnt political ^terns, the one rent-
ing on ihe basis- of seivile or Have laboi, the othet on the
basis of voluntaiy labor of fieenien.
kk The laborers who aie enslaved arc alt negioes, or per-
sons moie or less puirly of Aftjcan derivation. But this is
only accidental. The pimeiple of the s} stem if-, that laboi
in every society, by whomsoever pci foimed, i- nrer-sauly
unintellectual, gioveling, and basi>; and that the lahorei,
equally tor his own good and ior the welfare of the State,
ought to be enslaved. The white laoonng man, whether
native or foieignci, is> not enslaved only bceause he cannot,
as yet. be reduced to bondage.
" You need not be told now that the slave system is the
oldei of the two, and that once it was. univei-al.
'•The emancipation of out own ancestor. Caucasians
and Europeans, as they were, hardly dates beyond a peuod
of live hundred yeain.
'♦The two Items are nt once poieoived to be incon-
giuous, they aie incompatible. They nevei have perma-
nently existed together in one country, and they nevei
can."
It is difficult to read the above statement, with
which Mr. Sewaud opens his speech, with pa-
ticnce. He was surrounded by an audience of
free laborers. It was a devilish conceit of his, to
impress such an audiencfc with the idea that "the
white laboring man, whether native or foreigner,
is not enslaved only because he cannot, as yet,
be reduced to bondage." 1'ut "the two systems
are at once perceived to be incongruous, they arc
incompatible. They never have permanently ex-
isted together in one country, and they never
can." And why not? Cannot free labor exist
in New York, and slave labor exist in Virginia?
The two systems may be incongruous* but how
are they incompatible? They cannot exist to-
gether—that is, slave labor in Virginia destroys
free labor in Now York; and free labor in New
York destroys slave labor in Virginia! "What
absurdity! But the two systems exist in Vir-
ginia. They are not found either incongruous
or incompatible, but have existed there since 1620.
Not exist together! Look to Judea: there we
see the master race engaged in the trades, hus-
bandry, fisheries, &e. Did not the two systems
exist there for centuries ? In Greece the two sys-
tems prevailed throughout ages. And in Rome,
fur over twelve centuries, with some forty million
of slaves, the systems prevailed, and, with the
exception often bloody insurrections, in harmony
and success. I think imperial Rome, on one oc-
casion, when reduced to the greatest distress, sent
some of her noblest citizens to select Cincinnatus
to take command of her armies. They found
him at his plow, tilling his petty farm of forty
acres; and 1 have seen a fine painting of the noble
scene, m which the messengers are represented
as disclosing their mission; and Cincinnatus,
hearkening to the call of his country, is seen un-
harnessing his team of oxen from the plow, as it
stands in the furrow. Did the Senator never
hear of this noble, inspiring incident5 It is
taught down South in our schools, to excite in
our boys a love of noble and patriotic sentiments
He proceeds:
"The slave States, without law, at the last national elec-
tion, successfully forbade, within their own I units, even the
easting <>f vot<-< t'ora candidate for President of the United
States supposed to be lav oiable to (he e.-tabhshmcnt of the
ltec .system m ihe new States."
I give, this extract to deny it. No one was de-
nied the right of suIIki^c. None. Hut, it was well
Know n that the Black Republican party, confident
of carrying the last presidential electl.m, did not
wish to be embarrassed with southern support,
even could they have obtained it.
Speaking of our railroad improvements as ap-
proximating rapidly, he proceeds:
u Shall I tell you what this collision means? They who
think that it i.- accidental, uimceessun, the work of lntei-
csted or fanatical n<iitatoit, and theielore cphemeia), mis-
take the ca.-e altogether. It is an hreprc-sible Conflict be-
tween oppo.-ms.' and enduring foices, it mcansthatthe Uni-
ted Slates mu-t and will, eithei soonci oi latet, beeomo
< ither entirely a slaveholding nation, or entnely a free-labor
nation. Kitherthe cotton and riee fields of youth Carolina
and the su«.ir plantations of honi-nana will ultimately be
tilled by lice labor, and Charleston and New Oileans be
come marts tor legitimate merehnndi.-e alone, or else the
rye and wheat field* of .Mas-aehu^ett - and New Voik must
again he .-urrendeied by their faimen to slave < nlture and
to the production oi slaves, and Boston and New Voik be-
come once moie markets foi uade in'fhe bodies and souls
of men."
Can any one believe, for an instant, that Mr.
Seward entertains the smalfe.st idea that an at-
tempt over will be made to introduce slave labor
into the free States, much more that it can ever
be accomplished ? But, jf not, then " the cotton
and rice fields of Souih Carolina, and iJie siu^u1
plantations of Louisiana wiU ultimately he tilled
by free labor." Does he mean by the free negro r
Then he knows it never will be done. The thrift-
less condition of that class of population through-
out the Union and the World; the melancholy
| results *f the experiments m St. Domingo, ja-
I maiea,&e.,leave no u>omforspcculationordoubt.
By free white labor } Alas for our race when its
necessities compel it to seek its living m the nee
swamps and the cotton and sugar plantations of
! the South. Then, indeed, it will have become
j the slave of a master—without a throb, without a
j tear for human suffering; a master hard, inexor-
! able, and exacting—the money of the country. He
| proceeds:
i -'Oni foielathei* legarded the existence of the servile
! system in so many of the States with sorrow and shame,
I which they openly confes-cd, and they looked upon the
l collision bMween them, which was then just revealing
! itself, and which we aie now accustomed to deplete, will!
! favor and hope. They knew that either the one or the
' other system mint exclusively picvail."
I I have heretofore sufficiently exposed the dis-
' ingenuous misstatements of tins paragraph. But
1 yet, I will add that it is a well-known historical
; truth, that the Constitution never would ha^e
i received the sanction of the Federal convention
j without the guarantees for the protection of sla-
i very which it contains.
Again, he says:
" But the very nature of these modifications fortifies my
position that the fathers knew that the two systems could
not endure within the Union, and expected that within a
short period slavery would disappear forever. Moreover,
in order that these modifications might not altogether de-
feat their grand des-ign of a Republic maintaining universal
equality, they provided that two thirds of the States might
amend the Constitution."
Strange logic this. Our " fathers knew that the
two systems could not endure within the .Union,
and expected that within a short period slavery
would disappear forever." And yet, as if to em-
barrass, if not to prevent such a result, the Con-
stitution provides that its guarantees for slavery
shall not be changed or expunged except by the
vote of three fourths of the States of the Union;
not uro thirds, as stated by the gentleman.
He says:
" The strife and contentions concerning slavery, which
gently-disposed persons do habitually deprecate, is nothing
inoio than the tipening of the conflict which the fathers
themselves not only thin regaidcd with favor, but which
they may be said to have instituted."
I have sufficiently exposed this paragraph; but
will remark that, so far from our fathers having
"instituted" this 44 conflict," tlicy deliberately,
and by the most carefully-prepared provisions,
guarded against it; and then, to prevent them from
being lightly disturbed, solemnly agreed that those
provisions should not be disturbed, except by the
concurring vote of thr^e fourths of all the States.
Again:
" It is not to be denied, however, that thus far the course
of that contest lias not been accoidmg to their humane an-
ticipations and wishes. In the field ot Federal politics,sla-
very, deriving unlooked-for advantages fiom commercial
changes, and energies unforeseen from the facilities of com-
bination between" members of the slaveholding class, and
between that class and other property classes, early rallied,
and has at length made a stand, not merely to retain its
ongmal defensive portion, but to extend its way through-
out, the whole Umon It is ceitam tluit the slaveholding
ela-s of Aineiiean citizens indulge this high ambition, anil
they derive ericouiagement tor it fiom the lapid and effect-
ive political successes winch they have already obtained.
The plan of opciation is this : By continued appliance'- of
pationage, and tlneats of di-uinon. they will keep a major-
ity favoiablc to these desmns in the Senate, wheie each
State has an equal jepicsentation* Tiuough that majority
they will defeat, a* they best can, the admision of ftcc
States, and secure the admission ot slave States. Under
the protection of the judicial}', they will, on the principle
of the I) red Scott ea-e, carry slaveiy into all the Teirjto-
rics of the United States now existing, and hcieaftcr to be
organized. IJy the action of the President and the Senate,
using the treat}-making power, they will annex foreign
slaveholding States Tn a favoiablc conjuncture they will
induce Congress to repeal the act of 1808, which piohibits
the foreign slave tiade, and so they will import from Afiica,
at the cor-t ot only $20 a head, slaves enough to fill up the
intenorof the continent. Thu* lelauvely increasing the
number of slave State.-, they will allow no amendment to
the Constitution preiudieial to their interest; and so, hav-
ing peimauonth established their powci, they expect the
l'Vdeial judieiaivto nullify all State laws which shall in-
tcifeie with internal or foreign commciee in slaves. When
the lice States -hall bo sufficiently'demoralized to tolerate
these designs, thov reasonably conclude that.slavery will
be accepted by those States themselves. 1 shall not stop
to show bow speedy oi liow complete would be the rum
which tlx1 aceomplishmciit of these slaveholding schemes
would bring upon the countiy. For one, f shoul not re-
main in the country ro test the sad e\p<nnnent. Having
spent my manhood, though not my whole life, in a free
State, no aiihtoctaev of any kind, much less an austoeraey
ol .davehohlei*, shall ever make the laws ot the land m
Which ( Muitl be I o.itent to live. Having seniV the society
abound ;ee nmv"'-ally enga^d in ren icnlnue, mannfaeluie,
and tiinle, whi''h \\cie mnoeont and beneficent, ! shall
ncv<>( he a denizen of a State where nien and women are
i r a; rd a - eattie, and bought and >--o!d as merchandise. When
fli.it evil day shall come, and all further effort at resistance
shail he unpo-^ddr, then, if there shall be no better hope
foi r-'di mption than I can now foresee, t shall say with
Fiankhn, while lookm? abioad over the whole earth for a
new and more congenial home—' Where Liberty dwells,
thue is my country.' "
He here says that slavery " early rallied," 44 to
extend its sway throughout the whole Union,"
and by vorious appliances he pr#cceds to show
how slaveiy will extend its sway over the whole
Umon. Of all the perversions of fact, truth, his-
tory, and argumentation, tins is the most remark-
able. It is notorious, and to none better known
than to Mr. Slwakd, that the slaveholding States
have always been in a minority, and the majority
against them is yearly becoming larger and larger.
I have met nowhere an aiTswer so complete to the
charge which IVJr. Slwaud has made, and which
is repeated habitually by the Black Republicans,
as that which follows:
'• p \ stf. this in \oi'u hat—The following table which
(says the ."Journal of Commerce) ha* been prepared to show
the apportionment of ivepiesentativcsiuUongressfrom It'll
to 18"^ among the fiee and slave States, should be pasted
m the lut of every Democrat, so that when a 'freedom
