THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1860.
New Series No. 199.
following amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
same : first, second, Kurd, ninth, thhteentli.
That the Senate conuui m the amendment of the House
to the Senate's fourth amendment, with an amendment, as
follows: Strike out ail of said House amendment con-
tained in lines two to fifty-two, inclusive, and insert in
lieu thereof:
For rents, including hire or commutation of quarters for
officers on military duty, hire of quarters for troops, of
storehouses tor the *>atc-keeping of military stoies, of
ground* forsummer cantonments, and construction and
repairs of barracks at tempotary frontier stations, for the
purchase of stores, and ,<$608 87 to be paid as yard-rent for
the site of Fort Davis, Texas, $195,246 29.
For repaning, altering, and enlarging buildings at estab-
lished military po>ts, $Ki>,547.
For constructing bairack-; and other buildings at the fol-
lowing posts, to wit: at Barrancas barracks, Key West,
Fort Mackinac, in the department of the East. §205,518 50;
at Beuicia barracks, m the depuitment of California,
$9,306 75; at Fori Vancouver in the department of Ore-
gon, §7,673.
That the Ilouse recede from its disagreement to the
sixth and seventh amendments of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: Strike out
both of said amendments, and iu eit in lieu thereof as fol-
lows :
For surveys and selections of bites, and for plans and
estimates for military po^ts onoi near the valley ol the lied
Itiver of the North, between the foity-seventh and foity-
ninth degrees ot noith latitude, and at or neai Fou Cobb in
the Indian Teintory, f$5,00U; and that a report theron be
made to the next session ot Congress.
That the House lecede from their amendment to the
eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Hou^e recede fioin their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate numbered fourteen to forty six
inclusive, and agree to the same with an amendment as
follows : Strike out ail of &atd amendments alter the vvoul
11 fortifications,'1 m the thiid line of section two, and in-
sert as follows:
Fort Moutgomejy, Lake Champlain, New York, §10,000.
Fort Knox, Penobscot bay, Maine, $20,000.
Fort on Jiog Island l*edge, Portland harbor, Maine,
$30,000.
Fort Winthropj Boston harboi, Massachusetts, $25,000.
Fort «it the entrance of New Bedford haibor, Massachu-
setts, $25,00«J.
Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Khode Island §5,000.
Fort Richmond, Stateu l.sland, New Yoik, $15,000.
Fort on the site ot Fort Tompkins, Stateu Island, New
York, .$25,000.
Additional batteries at Fort Hamilton, at the Narrows,
New Yoik, $50,000.
Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland, $50,000.
Fort Delaware, Delaware nvm, :$50,0(X).
Fort Monroe, Hampton Road-*, Virginia, $5,000.
Artesian well, at Fort Monioe, $5,000.
Repairing Government bridge over Mill creek, near Fort
Monroe, §500.
Foit Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, $50,000.
Repairs of Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor, South Car-
olina, $8,500.
Fort Clinch, Amelia island, Florida. $90,000.
Fort Taylor, Key VVi^t, FJonda, $70,000.
Fort Jefleison, Gaiden Key, Florida, $75,000.
Fort McRae, and pre&eivation oi site, i'ensacola, Florida,
$10,000.
Fort Gaines, D.fuphm i>Lind? Mobile bay, Alabama,
$20,000.
Fortifications on Ship island, coast of Mississippi,
$20,000.
Foit Jackson, on Mis^-ippi tiver, $15,000.
Fort St. Philip, on Mi-M^sippi itver, $10,000.
Fortifications for <klen-.e of entrance into Galveston
harbor, $20,000.
Foit at Fort Point, San Fianci^co, including outwoiks,
$50,000.
Fort at Aieatiaz i&land, San Fiancisco bay, California,
$25,000.
Contingent expenses of fortifications, preseivation of
sites, protection of titles, and repair ot sudden damage,
$30,000.
That the House recede from their amendments to the
fifty second amendment of the Senate, and agtee to the
same With an amendment, us follows : Strike out all after
the emitting ektu-e, and
That upon the pa^sag • ot t'n« act, or as soon thereafter
as practicable, a commission -hall In* appointed ui the ni.m-
nei hereinaiie'i deMgoated. toeon-ist ot two Senator,two
members ol the Hoiki- oj Representative-., and two officers
of the Ai m>, winch eomms^iou shall examine into the oi-
ganization, s.v.-tem o! discipline, and eom->e ot'in-tiucuon,
of the United" States M.litais Academy, with a view to as-
certain what modifications oi changes, if any, are desnable.
in ordei that the Academy fhall bc-,t accomplish the objects
of its establishment; that the said commi^ion ohall report
the u'^uk ot its examination to the Piesident of the Senate
and Speaker of the House of Uopie<eutauve>; that the
commissioner' tiom tile Senate bhall be appuiut.-d by the
Pres-uU-rit of the Senate, tho-je tiom the House of Repre-
sentatives) by the Speaker of the House, and those from the
At city by the Pie.-ident oJ the United States.
Jind be it finthcr cmtUcd. That the sum ol $1,500 be, and
the same L-* hereby, appropriated out ot any money in the
Treasury not oiheiwi&e appiupriated to deliay the expenses
of said coitimis ion.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
forty ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, us follows : At the end of said
amendment add, as follow* :
Provided farther, That compensation shall only be al-
lowed for tlie period duitng which said tioops were actively
employed in military service.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fiftieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with ari amendment, as follows: At the end of said amend-
ment add:
Provided fuitker, That compensation shall only be al-
lowed for the period during which said troops were actually
employed in military sei vice.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fifty-first amendment of the Senate^ and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows : At the end of said amend-
ment add.
Provided farther, That compensation shall only be al-
lowed for the period during which said ttoops were actually
employed in nulitaiy service.
J. A. PEA11CE,
/JEFFERSON DAVIS,
SOLOMON FOOT,
Managers o/i ih& part of ihc Senate.
H. WINTER DAVIS,
B. STANTON,
MARTIN J. OliAWFORD,
Managers on Ike pait of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, with
the permission of the House, and in order to en-
able the House to ascertain the general results
of the conference, I will state them as accurately
as I can.
The Senate receded from so much of their
amendment as increased the amount appropriated
for barracks to the extent of $234,531. As the
bill now stands on the report of the committee of
conference, the sum within a few hundred doliais
is the same as that apptoved by the House, and
the only difference is a slight change in the form
of applying it. Instead of enumerating all of the
barracks, and the particular sum appropriated to
each, on the suggestion of the distinguished gen-
tleman who was at the head of the Senate com-
mittee, a discrimination was made between those
barracks which were permanent and those which
were merely temporary. The latter were left very
properly to the discretion of the War Department;
and for the former,.the sums supposed to be ne-
cessary for their construction were specifically
appropriated.
in reference to the appropriation for ordnance,
the Senate reccded from theiramendment, leaving
itat the sum approved by the House. Two amend-
ments came from the Senate, relative to the fort
or the fortified barracks on the Red River of the
North, and at Fort Cobb, Texas. The Senate
receded from their appropriation; but since there
was no detailed estimate, nor any repoit to either
House, of the character of the works supposed to
be necessary, nor any veiy distinct recommend-
ation by the Department of any works at those
places, an appropriation of $5,000 was inserted to
enable the Department to make the surveys and
determine on the sites and to prepare the estimates
in detail for the kind of fortification or barrack
needed at each of these places, with a direction to
the Secretary of War to report these plans and
estimates to Congress at tlx1 next session.
The Senate have receded from their amendment
for tlie supply of books on military tactics, for
the information of the militia. It was thought
best to wait until books approved by the Depart-
ment shall be printed and ready for distribution.
The amendment for the 'Texas regiment was like-
wise receded from by the committee of the Sen-
ate. That strikes out $788,001). They likewise
receded, m their amendment on the fortifications,
from the sum of $400,000.
-The committee on the part of the House rec-
ommend to the House to recede fiom their disa-
greement, and to concur with the Senate in their
amendment for the regular supplies of the qu.tr-
termasier'sdepartment,$140,000, which reinstates
the estimates of the Department. They likewise
advised the House to concur in the Senate's addi-
tion of $85,000 for the incidental expenses of the
quartermaster's department, which also restores
the appropriation to the amount of the estimates
of the Department. They also advised the House
to recede from its dusasrieement to the apprnpna-
tion for the Carlisle barracks—making a variation
of $4,000 in the sum appropriated for that pur-
pose, and restoring the amourvtasked by the Sen-
ate. Thoy likewise advise the House to concur
with the Senate in their amendment, nominally
appropriating $5,000 to enable the Department to
settle tl*£ accounts of certain quartermasters for
supplies furnished by them to volunteers taken
into the service of the United States in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. There is no appropriation of
money actually required. The quartermasters on
the spot, at the time, under orders of their supe-
rior officer, furnished volunteers with the supplies
they needed. There was no provision at that
time authorizing delivery of thesesupplies to any
except the regular Army, It is nccessary,there-
fore, that there should be a provision of this kind,
in order that the quartermasters may settle their
accounts with the Department. The property has
been already delivered,and consumed by the vol-
unteers. This provision is necessary to enable
the officers of the Tieasury to settle the accounts
of the quartet masters expending the supplies.
The House will remember that a day or two
before the Senate sent us their amendments to the
Army bill, the House had passed and sent to the
Senate the fortification bill. The House, in deal-
ing with the amendments of the Senate, assumed
that their fortification bill indicated sufficiently
the amounts that they were willing to appropri-
ate; and the committee of conference, in order to
save time, agreed upon that basis to enter into the
consideration of the fortifications included in the
Senate amendment; and the result of their inves-
tigation on that subject is, that, while the Senate
recede from an appropriation to the extent of
§406,000, the House nominally agreed with the
Senate in an appropriation of $735,000. The House
fortification bill appropriates some $630,000*, and
the difference, therefore, between the House ap-
propriation for fortifications and that which the
House committee of conference agree with the
Senate committee of conference to recommend to
the two Houses, isthe difference between $630,000
and $735,000—making a difference of a little over
$100,000 on the amount the House had previously
approved.
The House committee likewise recommend to
the House to recede from their disagreement to
the Senate amendment providing for the payment
of $18,900 to the State of Iowa for the expenses
of her volunteers called out for the purpose of
repelling Indian hostilities; and likewise to con-
cur with the Senate in paying to Texas $123,544,
limited, however, to money which Texas has
already herself, from her own treasury, paid to
volunteers called out for the purpose of repelling
Indian hostilities; and they likewise advised the
House to concur with the Senate in appropriating
$74,000 for the pay proper of volunteers callea
out by, and in the service of, the Territory of New
Mexico. The case of Iowa seems probably to
be one which the House ought to agree to pay.
The volunteers were required to meet a sudden
emergency, in the absence of United States troops.
That of Texas is more doubtful; but we have on
that the guaiantee, at least, for the prudence and
moderation of Texas, that she has already paid
out of her own treasury the amount which we
propose to reimburse her; and the necessity of
the case is m some sort guarantied by the fact
that General Smith had promised the authorities
of Texas United States troops, but was unable to
send them. It was supposed by the majority of
the committee that the Government was some-
what committed to pay the volunteers of New
Mexico, since they had ajre< dv recognized them
as being in the service of the united States and
had made an appropriation of $25,000 to meet
their expenses. These facts make these three
cases for payment of volunteers called out to repel
Indian hosuh'ties distinguishable from others con-
sidered in the House, and voted down by the
House. Under the circumstances, the majority
of the committee, with whom I did not agree,
thought it reasonable and just to make these ap-
propriations.
I believe I have stated the material points of
difference between the two Houses, and the mode
199
