8170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
in which the committee attempted to reconcile
them; and I now call the previous question on the
report of the committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and^ under the
operation thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upoa the
table. J
The latter motion was agreed to. ^ J
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL. *
Mr. SHERMAN; from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 500, making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, with the recommendation that,
some be concurred in and others non-concurred
in; and moved that they be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all general de-
bate be terminated upon the amendments of the
Senate when their consideration shall come up in
the Committee of the W hole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestato of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Kellogg,,of Illinois, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the Navy appropriation bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
Strike out " and it shall be the duty of the See rotary of
the Navy to cause a survey to lie made by a board ol' two
naval officers, a naval constructor, and a chief engineer, of
the sailing vessels of the Navy, to asccitain which of thcin
can profitably be fitted up with auxiliary steam power: and
that, in the expenditure of the money hereby nppiopiiatcd,
he shall, so fai as the same may he applied to ruling ves-
sels, employ the same, ;u; lar as practicable, in supplying
such vessels with auxiliaiy t-teani power;" and insert:
Protiicti, That the Secretary of the Navy cause a care-
ful examination to be made byinwai otliceis, enfjlnecis,_
and constructors into ttie eonditionof the sailing vessels of
the Navv, and the cost of giving them, or any of them, full
steam power, together with the expediency of maltnissuch
chango in view of the cost, condition^model, anil frcnoial
character of such vessels so allcrcd; and thai thcrepoituf
such otliceis, to:;ethei with the Sccietary's views thereon,
be eoimmuucated to Congics* at the uc.\t sc^ion of Con-
gress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence ill the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Pasco 9, line six, aftci the word " Almanac," strike out
,$25,000," and insert " $15,000so that the clause will
read:
For preparing for publication Ihe American Nautical
Almanac, .tf J 5,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The- committee recom-
mend a non-concurience in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page 9, line seven, insert:
For the pieparation of the report of the results of the
survey ot' the unite between Caliloiasa and China, and of
portions of the coast of Japan, §5,000,
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Waysand
Means if this is not an appropriation for the pub-
lication of the maps and charts prepared by Lieu-
tenant Brooks?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is.
Mr.WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. Really, then,
I hope the committee will concur in this amend-
ment of the Senate. These maps are already
prepared and ready for publication, and this is a
very small amount for the publication of an iir!-
portant work. Commerce ought to have the ben-
efit of these charts.
Mr. W1NSLO W. I beg leave to say that this
is a matter of very great importance to the coun-
try, while the amount appropriated is very small.
The route surveyed by Lieutenant Brooks is di-
rectly in the track of our vessels engaged in the
opening trade with Japan.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that two vessels have recently been lost for the
want of these charts.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
This debate is all out of order.
Mr. MORSE. Is it not in order to say a word
in reference to that amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It would be, by offering
an amendment.
Mr. MORSE. I move to increase the amount
five dollars. I wish to say that this survey has
been finished for over a year, and Lieutenant
Brooks has corrected a great many errors which
exist upon the best of the old charts. There is
one point upon the coast of Japan where four
ships have been lost within the present year, in
consequence of both the latitude and longitude
being laid down falsely upon the best charts. It
is important that these corrections should bo put
before the country as soon as possible. There
have also been some ledges of rock laid down ac-
curately upon the new charts. Now, if it was
important to send out this expedition for this great
object, why, it seems to me it is equally import-
ant that we should publish the result; and unless
the committee has not provided in some other
way for putting the results of this survey before
the country, I think we ought to avail ourselves
uf this opportunity of doing it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is but proper that I
should say that the chief reason why the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means rejected the amend-
ment was because it was an amendment put upon
the naval appropriation bill. It dues not relate
to the ordinal y naval appropriations for the next
year, and we thought it proper to dtsincuniber
this bill of all extrinsic matter.
This appi opriation is lor the publication of the
charts of Lieutenant Biooks, made some time
ago—more than a year ago, I believe. Wethought,
if an appropriation was to be made for this pur-
pose, it ought to be done afler a reference of the
matter to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and a
report from that committee in its favor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to the gentleman that this matter was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and fully considered
by them, and 1 was instructed to move tins as an
amendment originally to the naval apprupnation
bill. 1 did it; but the committee ruled it out of
order. I approve of the general policy of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
as a general thing; but I think this is a case which
ought to constitute an exception, and I hope the
committee will concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Everybody approves of the
policy, they say, of excluding these things from
general appropriation hills, but nobody sustains
that policy by their action.
Mr. WINSLOW. But this amendment comes
from the Senate, and therefore it is not within the
rule of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is within the spirit of the
rule that all matters looking to original legislation
shall be excluded from appropriation bills.
Mr. WINSLOW. But that is not the rule of
the Senate, and we have uniformly considered
these amendments m order.
Allow me to say that we sent gentlemen ex-
pressly to make these siuvcys. The results are
of the highest importance to the Government and
the country, and the result shows that there are
gross errors in all the charts both of the French
and English Governments, which this survey has
corrected.
Mr. SHERMAN. To show the manner in
which many of these amendments are put upon
our bills, I will state that this amendment is founded
upon a letter of Lieutenant Brooks to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, indorsed by hun, and sent to
the Committee on Commerce of this House. As
to the value of the charts, or as to how much they
will cost, we have had no estimates; and I sub-
mit whether the Committee of Ways and Means
ought to be compelled to act upon these matters
unless they have estimatessubmitted to them from
the Treasury Department.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is but an evidence of
the truth of what has been said in this House re-
peatedly—that such matters should be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORSE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by reducing the amount §100. I
simply wished to say a word in support of the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means
touching this matter. Thisamendmentprovidcs
an appropriation of $5,000 for the publication of
these charts. There has not come to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means from the Secretary of
the Treasury, nor from the Secretary of the Navy,
anyestimateswhateverasto theamount of money
it will cost. 1 have no doubt that if we pass this ap-
propriation of $5,000, the amount of money which
will actually be taken from the Treasury, before
we have done with the matter, will be at least
§25,000. Now, in the first place, they only ask
a specific and particular amount; that is to say,
$5,000; but next session there will be an appro-
priation asked to complete the publication of these
various works.
We are, then, to publish extra copies, to en-
able each member of Congress to send to their
constituents fifteen or twenty, or thirty or forty
copies; and, by the time we get through, it will
cost us from twenty-five to thirty thousand dol-
lars. We have had no recommendation of it from
the Navy Department; nothing but acommunica-
tion from Lieutenant Brooks to Secretary Toucey.
There is no necessity for the publication of these
charts. The only suggestion of such a thing is
that made by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Winsloiv,] that errors have been dis-
covered in the existing charts of the great track
of vessels between our Pacificcoast and the coasts
of China and Japan; and that it is very important
to correct the French and English errors on that
subject, and give the world the benefit of the ex-
amination of~our officers.
I would have no objection to vote for an appro-
piiation of ft5,000 for this purpose; but every
member knows that, at next session, another ef-
fort would be made for an additional appropria-
tion, and that an additional appropriation would
be made. The number of volumes will be in-
creased for distribution among the people. I
think the action of the Committee of Ways and
Means should bo sustained.
Mr. WINSLOW. The reason why this thing
was not recommended by the Secretary of the
Navy was, that Lieutenant Brooks only came
back to this country a few weeks ago, in com-
pany with our friends, the embassadors of the
Tycoon; and therefore this thing could not have
got on the annual estimates.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I nsk my friend from
North Carolina whether the Secretary of the Navy
j has asked, anywhere, that this appropriation
! should be made ?
! Mr. WINSLOW. The Secretary of the Navy
I could not baveasked foi it, as LieutcuantBrooks
only returned some weeks ago with the embassa-
dors.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then Lieutenant Brooks
sent in this letter J
Mr. WINSLOW. Yes.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And why did not theSec-
rctary of the Navy, or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, recommend it to the Committee of Ways
and Means, or to the Naval Committee of either
House?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say that the lettcrof
the Secretary of the Navy does recommend it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Five thousand dollars?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Well, if that is all that is
required, I have no objection. I withdraw my
amendment.
The question was taken; and the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
For engraving charts ot the survey of Behring's straits, the
North Pacific ocean, and China seas, under the duectionof
the Secretary of tho Navy, $9,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by increasing the amount ten dollars. I
hope the committee will concur in the amendment
of the Senate. It is the proposition which I en-
deavored to get in when the bill was before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and it was then ruled out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a proposition to
appropriate $9,000 for the publication of twelve
charts, which arc to cost $750 each. It is only
part of a series of charts, many of which will come
hereafter. I have a table here, showing that twelve
