2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsidei^upon the table.
The-latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NOELL obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. It is impossible for any man to discharge
his duty in such a confusion and scrambling for
the floor as this. No man can be heard, and the
Speaker will not hear a gentleman at all when he
rises and calls his attention. I will say to the
Speaker that my duty to the country will not
permit me to sit in my seat and witness the dis-
graceful scenes which have transpired to-day,
without denouncing it as it deserves. Now, sir,
thefe are not ten men in this House who know
what the title is of that bill which has just been
passed in so much hurry. [Voices, u Yes there
are!"] While it was being passed I called the
attention of the Speaker, and asked for a division
on the question, and ycthn hears nobody; and in
utter disregard of the rights of members, he is
deaf, or pretends to be, to every call, cither for
the yeas and nays or a division of the question.
If this is to be our mode of legislation, the sooner
we quit it the better.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. AH this is the
faultofmembers. The Speakercannot hoar, when
they make so much noise; and I must say that
nobody makes more noise than the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would keep his seat in this House, and ob-
serve the rules of order as well as the gentleman
from Kentucky, there would be some prospect of
improvement upon the part of that gentleman. I
would also suggest to him, that when he speaks,
it would be well enough for him to understand
what he says, and to confine himself to something
that is practical, and within the scope of his du-
ties as a Representative. Until he does this, mod-
esty would suggest that he should not attempt to
lecture others. His attempt to lecture me was not
only in bad taste, but gratuitous.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. NOELL. 1 would say that all thc.se bills
have been printed; and if members have not seen
them, it is their own fault.
1 ask the unanimous consent of the House to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House
from the further consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 118) to confirm certain private land claims m
the State of Missouri, and to put the same upon
its passage.
Objection was made.
Mr. NOELL. Then 1 move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. STANTON. 1 believe a motion to ad-
journ is always in order. It seems to me that the
reputation of the House and of the country will
be promoted bf a speedy adjournment; and, there-
fore, I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. NOELL. I believe I have the iloor.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is entered, and it will come up the first thing
on Monday next.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the motion to ad-
journ will not be carried. I want to move that
the House resolve itselfmto the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to give gentle-
men an opportunity to make speeches.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. The
gentleman from Ohio was not in order at the time
he made the motion to adjourn. The gentleman
from Missouri was upon the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Thegcntleman from Missouri
had submitted his motion to suspend the rules,
and yielded the floor. The motion to adjourn
was then in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for tellers upon the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rice, and
Harris of Virginia, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 70, noes 58.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at ten minutes past five o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 22, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. BIGLER. I present a memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying that the Senate may give
its prompt assent to the bill which passed the
House of Representatives a few days since, regu-
lating the duties on foreign imports. This paper,
Mr. President, seems to be signed by citizens of
all political parties. It bears the signatures of mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, and others of
high position, of great influence and large inter-
ests in the community, whose views and wishes
are entitled to the highest consideration at our
hands.
I desire to remark in addition, sir, that, for one,
I shall endeavor, as far as in me lies, by diligent
use of whatever influence I may possess, to se-
cure the prayer of these memorialists. I shall do
this, sir, not only because I am instructed so to
do by my Legislature, and because the will of my
constituents has been made known to me through
other, though less authoritative channels, but be-
cause in the mam this measure is consistent with
my own judgment of what is true policy for the
country. I hope that the Committee on Finance
may find it convenient to report this measure to
the Senate at an early day, in order that we may
have time and opportunity to give it that consid-
eration which its grave importance would seem
to demand. For one, sir, I shall vote for no prop-
osition to fix the day for final adjournment until
this measure, so deeply interesting to my con-
stituents, shall have been fairly considered. A
proposition naming the 11th of June has been
submitted in this body, and another, fixing the
18th of June, has been communicated from the
House. I shall favor neither, nor any other prop-
osition of that sort, until these great public meas-
ures arc considered. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BII/L.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to make a report upon the bill
(Ii. R. No. 499) to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriation for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, I860. This bill passed the
Senate with amendments, and was sent back to
the House of Representatives; and has been re-
turned from that House with a concurrence in
certain of our amendments, and a non-eoneurrenec
in some others, and amendments to other of our
amendments. I am directed by the committee to
report the bill back, with a recommendation that
the Senate concur with the House of Represent-
atives in the amendments made by the House to
the Senate amendments, and that we recede from
the fourth and eighth amendments of the Senate,
in which the House has non-concurred. That
completes the bill, and I ask that it may be acted
on at once. It is a small matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The first question js on concurring
in the amendments of the House to the amend-
ments of the Senate
The motion to concur was agreed to.
The House amendments thus concurred in are
as follows:
The House agreed to the second amendment of
the Senate; which was to insert, after line seven,
page 1, as follows:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, miscellaneous
items, namely : for expenses of select committees, $9,000.
With an amendment, as follows:
After the word "Senate," in the second line of said
amendment, insert the words "and House of Representa-
tives and after the word " dollars," m the fifth line, insert
the following woids:
And for the payment of expenses of the several investi-
gating committees of the House ot Representatives, $48,000;
and also for the pnymentof the expenses of witnesses sum-
moned, or to be summoned, before the Committee on the
Judiciary of the House of Representatives, during the pres-
ent session, ,<$12,000; and that the said sums f>hal! be added
to the miscellaneous item of the contingent lund of the
House.
The House agreed to the third amendment ot
the Senate; which was to insert after line seven,
page 1, as follows:
For expenses of the heating and ventilating apparatus,
including pay of engineers, firemen, laborers,fuel, oil, tools,
and so forth, #3,400.
With an amendment to strike out " and so
forth."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next question, I sup-
pose, is on receding from the fourth amendment,
that in relation to mileage, in which the House
non-concurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Maine say what it is about?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the Clerk read the
fourth amendment, made by the Senate, in which
the House non-concurred. The recommendation
of the committee is, that the Senate recede.
The Secretary read the fourth amendment of
the Senate; which was to add, at the end of line
seven, page 1, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to comply with
the Senate's resolution ot the 2Uth of March, 1860, in rela-
tion to mileage to be paid to Mrs. E. A. Linn, widow of the
late Senator Lewis F. Linn, $2,672.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain it briefly,
as there was not an entire agreement in the com- '
mittee about it. A resolution passed this body
directing the Secretary of the Senate to pay out
of the contingent fund of the Senate a certain
amount of money to Mrs. Linn, widow of the
late Senator Linn, for mileage which he did not
receive. It is within the recollection and knowl-
edge probably of most of the Senators, that in
1845 Mr. Dallas, by an opinion given by him as
to the construction of a former act in relation to
mileage, decided that Senators were entitled to
receive mileage for attending called sessions of the
Senate—constructive mileage, in point offact. He
confined it in his decision, however, whether right
or wrong, to that year, 1845; and it was only paid
to the Senators for that session, and has never
been paid to any Senator for any previous session.
This resolution passed,I think, without the Sen-
ate understanding it, directing the Secretary of
the Senate to pay to Mrs. Linn, widow of Dr.
Linn, this constructive mileage for the sessions
of 1837 and 1841—long previous to the decision.
That resolution having passed the Senate to pay
it out of the contingent fund, the Secretary sent
an estimate to us of the amount necessary, and
we made an amendment to the bill to enable him
to pay it. That has gone to the House, and the
House have non-concurred in it. On inquiry,
we learned the fact which I have just stated, that
it has never been paid to any Senator for any ses-
sion previous to 1845, and that if this precedent
is established, it is not only wrong in itself, but
it will probably take seventy or eighty thousand
dollars out of the Treasury forSenators who have
not received thiy mileage, in addition to what this
amendment now provides. The committee, there-
fore, hope that the Senate will recede from its
amendment, and not set this bad precedent. I
suppose the resolution passed for the simple rea-
son that it was offered by some friend of Mrs.
Linn, and her friends did not like to object to if,
and a majority of the Senate did not understand
it at all.
Mr. CAMERON. I think that if we recede
from our amendment we shall do wrong to private
individuals. The Senate directed its Secretary to
pay out of the contingent fund of the Senate a cer-
tain sum of moiley to Mrs. Linn; Mrs. Linn re-
ceived the money from some fiiend and has gone
home; the person from whom she received it
holding a draft from the Secretary of the Senate,
who -stated that he would pay the money when
an appropriation was made. The resolution of
the Senate is positive, directing the Secretary to
pay the money. I shall thank the Clerk to send
for the l-esolution, and have it read. It may have
been wrong to pass the resolution in the first
place, directing the money to be paid; but the
Senate having done so, and Mrs. Linn having
received the money by an advance from another
party, it does not seem to me to be right to refuse
payment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. While the resolution is
being looked up, I will make a statement in reply
to the Senator from Pennsylvania. It is stated to
me—I was not aware of the fact—by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] that when that
resolution was passed, it was stated in the Senate
that it was to pay mileage which Dr. Linn re-
fused in his life-time to receive, though due to
him; and that the widow was now poor, and it
should be paid to her, If it was so stated, it was
