1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. Speaker, I shall enter upon no criticism in
.reference to the. course which the sitting member
has deemed it consistent with his reputation and
with his honor to pursue in this matter. The hon-
orable gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gil-
mejv] said yesterday that " this was a matter of
taste," and I thought that his language conveyed
a sarcasm in it-only the 'more bitter, because it was
evidently not intended. If this is " a question of
taste," X shall observe the universal maxim so far
as not to dispute ab.out it. I liave 110 right to take
any such liberties with the sitting member; but,
sir, my personal relations with the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] are such
that I may take the liberty of sayingin this House
that I do respond with all my heart to the senti-
ments which he uttered yesterday, and that his
views of this matter of taste perfectly coincide
with my own. "When that honorable gentleman
said that, if he was charged, no matter by whom,
no matter in what place, no matter at what time,
and no matter in what language, with fraud, cor-
ruption, and bribery, and by foul and dishonest
practice had forced his way to a seat upon this
ll^or, he would interpose no plea of limitations
or of adverse possession; no plea of lachcs or
neglect; no abatement whatsoever; 110 pica to
the jurisdiction, but would demand an immediate
and searching investigation; that he would not
wait for the reluctant action of this House, but
that he would hasten to meet the charge with in-
dignant denial; that he would outrun his accuser,
to be the first to demand of this House that the
proofs should be ordered, and deem every hour of
voluntary delay a stain upon his honor. I am sure
I shall carry the whole House along with me when
I say that that expression of my friend in refer-
ence to this "matterof taste"mct with a response
in every bosom.
I pronounce no judgment upon the cause of
the sitting member. lie is the proper guardian
of his own honor. But as a member of this
body, sharing in its responsibility, partaking of
its credit or discredit, I will take the liberty of
saying what I think to be the duties of this House
(o this contestant, to the constituency which he
has at his back, and to itself.
Sir, what do we see here? This gentleman
comes to our bar, no unknown or obscure adven-
turer or volunteer, but a gentleman who lifts been
thought worthy, by a large and honorable party
in one of the districts of our metropolitan city, of
being their candidate for a seat in this House; a
gentleman who, as they believe, is now entitled
to a seat upon these benches as pur peer; a gen-
tleman who now holds offices of honor and trust
in the city of New York, equal in dignity,greater
in emolument, and larger in responsibility tiian
the position he would obtain by securing a seat
upon this iloor. He comes to this House and lie
informs it, in no vague and uncertain terms, but
with precision and circumstance and specifica-
tion and verification, that the sitting member,
claiming to represent his district upon this floor,
paitieipatingin yonrdelibcrations,votingon your
division#, has obtained this high trust and these
honors and these emoluments by fraudulent prac-
tice, by corrupt bribery, by stuffing the boxes
with illegal ballots; that he has himself, with his
own hand, paid out the money that was to pur-
chase votes which sent him here; and that thereby
not only has the petitioner suffered the depriva-
tion of his rights and his honors,but a greatcon-
slituency has been defrauded of its franchises, and
this House itself compromised by the presence of
the intruder: and that he stands here ready to pro-
duct; proofs of the truth of these grave charges.
That information we have to answer. What
answer shall wc give it ? What answer does the
country, who are lookers-on, expect us to give ?
Shai 1 we say to him,'' Sir, these are grave charges;
we think if they could be proved the sitting mem-
ber would be expelled instantly from this House
as a usurper; but some of the best lawyers in this
House arc disagreed as to the question whether,
under the law of 1851, you ought not to have pro-
ceeded in a somewhat different manner, and have
taken your testimony; and therefore, as we are
not obliged to let you in, but have a certain dis-
cretion which we may exercise, wc must decline."
Or shall we say that" W e will not hear your proofs,
if it is in our power to hear them ?" And, sir,
what shall we answer to that constituency which
the gentleman here represents, on whose behalf
and upon whose urgent entreaty he comes here;
under whose demand and from sense of duty to
whom he presents himself and claims his seat,
that they may have their duly elected Represent-
ative upon this floor—what, I ask, shall we say
to that constituency, which, I believe, has been
boastfully said upon this floor to be the richest in
the whole Union ? And so it is, beyond all com-
parison, if wc take into account the corporate in-
stitutions situated within it. What are we to say
to that constituency? Are we to say to them,
"Gentlemen, you have been defrauded of your
rights; but here is a question upon a point of prac-
tice; we might admit you, but wc think your Rep-
resentative may have been ill-advised; and there-
fore, we think you are too late;" or shall we say,
" It can never be too late to rectify so flagrant a
fraud as this, which strikes at the most sacred
rights of a free people?"
'But there is a consideration of more personal
importance to us—the position which we occupy,
and the part which this House plays in this
drama. What has this House to say when told
that they are compromised, if not dishonored, by
the presence upon this floor of a member who has
obtained his position here by fraud and bribery?
I think I do not presume too far, nor mistake the
temper and tone of this House, when I say for it
that it will stick at no technical terms; that it will
inquire diligently foe excuses and reasons for
shutting out the testimony; or that it will permit
no hesitating and laggard and reluctant exercise
of discretionary power—no barrier short of some
positive law, or constitutional prohibition which
they cannot overleap—to stand between this
House and the vindication of its own privileges,
the maintenance of its own dignity, and the pres-
ervation of its own honor.
Mr. SICKLES. When the House of Repre-
sentatives assigns a day and an hour to hear a
contested-election case, it resolves itself into a high
judicial tribunal. When it enters upon this office,
and assumes the peculiar prerogative conferred
upon it by the Constitution, it puts aside the garb
of the politician when it puts on the ermine of
the judge. And if, sir, we may ever suppose a
smile to animate the severe and serene counte-
nance of justice, it is when such an assemblage
yields the prejudices of a partisan to the duties of
a magistrate.
It is not, sir, the universal practice in parlia-
mentary assemblies to dispose of election cases in
this way. In England, from whence we derive
so many of our parliamentary precedents and
customs, these cases are all sent to an election
committee, chosen by lot, as the Athenians chose
their archons. That committee assimilates to
what lawyers know by a struck jury, because all
the parties contesting and claiming seats have a
right to strike off any and every objectionable
member until the committee is reduced down to
thirteen from one hundred. When the regular
number of thirteen is thus ascertained, they are
sworn, as a court and as a jury, faithfully to hear
and determine, and fairly upon their oatns to
decide, the matter in issue between the parues
brought before them. And their decision so made,
under those solemn sanctions, is final.
Some of the Slates of this Union, Pennsylvania
among'the number, have adopted this excellent
mode of procedure. Sir, we do not choose our
election committees by lot; nor do we regard their
decisions as final; nor do we escape all bias
against persons and parties, as the Grecians did in
the Areopagus, by sitting upon the trial of causes
in the dark, so that they might not see who was
interested. Although wc have not those guarantees
of impartiality and freedom from political bias,
yet we have those, sir: the sense of honor and of
justice of an intelligent assembly, which should
spurn from its thought every idea of deciding
a question of this character upon anything like
partisan suggestion or personal bias. It is that
intelligence, air, and that sense of dignity and
honor, guiding the judgment of this House, to
which I desire briefly to address myself, in sub-
mitting the case on thq part of the sitting member.
Before I proceed, sir, in the regular course of
the discussion, allow me to express my surprise
at the point of view in which the question has
been presented by my colleague who last ad-
dressed the House, [Mr. Humphrey.] He has
presented the question to the House a# one of
taste, and he has, at some length, taken me t.o task
for venturing to hesitate for a moment to allow
my rights here to be.challenged. He seems to
suppose it is not good taste for a peer in this body
to take any steps to vindicate himself from an im-
pertinent and unprecedented impeachment of his
rights.. Sir, I will not discuss with that gentle-
man a question of taste. If his taste is so edu-
cated and constituted that he is willing to believe
an allegation of fraud, unsupported by a particle of
proof, unsustained by even a distinct allegation;
and if he is willing to rise here in his place and
call that an allegation of fraud, and give his cre-
dence to a statement supported only by the affi-
davit of the attorney of the contestant, who is not
able to produce a single witness in corrobora-
tion—if his experience at the bar and in the courts
has familiarized him with that mode of present-
ing a case to a respectable tribunal,I will not dis-
cuss with that gentleman a question of taste.
Sir, there is not a lawyer, unless that gentle-
man bo one, who would go into any court, even
the meanest tribunal that ever passed on the price
of a bushel of potatoes, with such a case, and ask
for a hearing on it. Yet he talks with gravely-
assumed composure of the bad taste displayed by
one who presents to the view of the House, as I
endeavored to present before the Committee of
Elections, reasons founded on law, founded on
precedents of Congress, founded on the justice
and the equity of the case, why this party should
not be allowed, in defiance of all usage and of the
law, to come in here after he had by his own de-
fault forfeited his rights, in an attempt to procure
and obtain an unfair advantage. Show me, sir,
the writer on equity or on law who has ever con-
sented to give to a party who has lost a right in
the pursuit of an unfair advantage, an opportunity
to escape from the just consequences of his own
wrong. No such authority can be cited. But,
sir, allow me to recall the attention of the House
very briefly to the narrative of the facts of this
controversy.
The election took place on the 2d of Novem-
ber, 1858. The votes were canvassed in the usual
and regular manner by the board of county can-
vassers. The ballots were all correctly indorsed;
the votes all correctly counted. No objection
was made by anybody before that tribunal. The
statement of the votes was then transmitted to the
board of State canvassers at Albany, and there
duly compared. It was there found that all the
votes from the city and county of New York,
embracing the seats of all the six members from
that city, were stated to have been given for
"member of Congress" and not for " Represent-
ative m Congress." Accompanying that state-
ment.however,or following it, the very next day,
is an official certificate from the same source, declar-
ing that the ballots were all correctly indorsed,
and that they were in conformity with the law.
The board then proceeded to make out their dec-
laration They certified that the election was
regular. They certified that the sitting member
received the greatest number of votes in that dis-
trict; and having thus certified, they proceeded in
a suoseuuent paragiaph to say what they could
not certify to They say, "we certify that we
cannot certify that anyone was elected to the office
of Representative in Congress for any of the six
districts of the city of New York."
Now, the House will bear in mind on this point,
(for 1 do not propose to refer to it again after the
very full discussion had upon it,) that it is claimed
on the other side, as is undoubtedly the fact, that
it is this House wliichjafter ail,is the only body
that can determine who is or who is not elected a
member of it. It is this House alone that is to
judge of the election of its members; and all that
the board of State canvassers can do under any
circumstances is to declare who had the greatest
number of votes. That is the whole length and
breadth of their authority. They did it, sir; and
all the world acquiesced in their action. Nobody
questioned it. Time went on. A year elapsed,
and more. No notice was ever received by any
one-of the members from the city of New York
of an intention to raise a question as to any of
their seats. No protest of any kind was made
before either of the boards of canvassers. No
person in the city of New York pretended to as-
sert that there was to be a contcst in regard to
this third district. On the 12th of November
last—a year after the election—the New York
Daily Tribune, a paper that is remarkably cor-
