1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rect in the political statistics which it so industri-
ously collects, published what is claimed to be a
perfect list of the members elect to this House:
"The Nnv Congress.—We present heiewith a per-
fect—we believe the first perfect—list of members chosen
to tlie next Congress, winch will assemble at the Capitol
at Washington, on Monday, December 5, at noon. The
House is entirely full, two vacancies which were created
by the'death of the members first chosen having been filled
by special elections." * * * + " The doubt which
still hangs over the organization of the House will cause the
list of its members to be widely scrutinized with interest."
Now, sir, after giving some seven or eight cases
of contested elections, in Oregon, in Kentucky, in
Maryland, in Michigan, and in Missouri, all the
cases which are now before this House, and some
which are not; after having, through its admirable
sources of information, found outcontests m Mis-
souri in the Southwest, in Michigan in the North-
west, and having gone to the Pacific, and discov-
ered a contest in Oregon, in speaking of the mem-
bers from its own city, and of the Representative
from the district where the office is situated, let
me invite the attention of the House to what it
says. It gives in its list of members from New
York city, Mr. Sickles, Mr. Barr, Mr. Maclay,
Mr. John Cochrane, Mr. Briggs, and Mr. H.
F. Clark, the six members now sitting here,
without a hint, without an allusion to the idea that
any contest had been made or was to be made
Now, sir, there is authority from the very organ
of the contestant, published in the district itself,
speaking with reference to the Representatives of
its own city, and showing from the list that it had
abundant and accurate information in reference to
every other contest; and yet the contestant had
kept his secretso carefully and so sedulously from
all the world that even the industrious collector of
information, who would have been so glad to
have got this information, had not yet heard of
Mr. Williamson's intention to make a contest.
"Well, sir, Congress meets. The six members
from New York city present themselves all upon
the same credentials. No objection is made to
their voting for two long months here for Speaker.
Not a suggestion is made on the subject. The
House is organized. The six members from New
York present themselves at the Speaker's desk to
be sworn in. They are sworn in. No objection
is made to the credentials which they present. But
on the 9th day of February a petition is presented
by Mr, Williamson; the case goes to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and we hear for the first time
two facts: first,thata contest is made, and second,
that thecontestantwas unable (markthe words) to
write and serve notice upon me, not from any dis-
ability in him, but because, he says, somebody else
—the board of State canvassers—had not granted
the full and usual certificate. Sir, that might, upon
a charitable construction, have been a reason why
he could not have proceeded to take testimony;
but by and by I will show that it is no excuse for
that omission. But no man can say, however it
may have interfered with the taking of testimony,
that it prevented him from giving the usual notice
ofcontest, and a specification ofthe groundsofcon-
test; for, sir, reasonable notice ofcontestis as much
required by all the precedents ofthe House, as it
is by the letter of the act of 1851. He gave no no-
tice; he had given none; and his counsel, in the
brief which he submitted to the committee, and
which is appended to this report, says, in so many
words, that the question of his duty to do so
hinges upon whether or not the sitting member had
a prima facie right to take his seat; conceding that
if I had a prima facie right to the seat, then there
was an end to the controversy. In other words,
that if we had sufficient credentials to entitle us to
our seats, to entitle us to be sworn in, then there
were credentials enough to put the contestant upon
his notice.
Can it be pretended, with any sort of respcct
for this body, that papers which are sufficient, in
the language of the gentleman from New York
who last addressed the House, to defy objection
to our being sworn in; can it be said that titles so
clear to our seats that no man in this House could
question them; will it be pretended that a title so
clear as that which they admit I had, was not
sufficient to put my opponent upon the duty of
giving me notice of the contest under the act of
1851, when he proposes to impeach that title? He
says that he could not give me any notice because
I was not in a position to be entitled to it, for I
had no right or title in my hand to the seat. That
is his position. What docs the House of Rep-
resentatives say in answer to that? What do
those say here who argue his case? Why, that
my title to my seat was clear and indisputable.
The reason assigned by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Humphrey] for not presenting a pro-
test, was, because all the protests in the world
would have been useless, and because all concede
the right to our seats to have been unquestion-
able. Sir, in making that concession, he con-
cedes away all that was left, if anything was left,
of the contestant's case. For, sir, the only ex-
cuse that the contestant has made, or that has
been attempted to be made here for him, for omit-
ting the notice is, that my title to my seat was so
defective, so imperfect, that he was no more bound
to give me notice than 1 was bound to give him
notice. The admission of gentlemen on the other
side, and the unanimous action of this Hoyse,
have furnished a conclusive answer to that posi-
tion.
But, sir, to hasten on: we have a petition; and
here permit me to remark, in passing, that a more
vague, indefinite series of allegations—and I invite
the attention of members to it—was never pre-
sented to this body; and secondly, I invite the at-
tention of members to the fact that this petition
isnotsupportcd byasingleaffidavitof any elector;
nor is any fact stated, even without oath, upon the
personal knowledge of any person whatever. The
only witness in the case is the attorney of the
contestant; and everybody knows that there is no
case so desperate as that which relies alone upon
the unsupported testimony of the attorney of the
prosecutor.
A word or two as to the act of 1851, and its
proper construction. An analysis of that act
shows that it was intended as a complete system
of procedure—allow me to emphasize that word
—a complete system of procedure in cases of con-
tested elections. And let me remind gentlemen
of the distinction between a final adjudication of
a case and a preparation of a case for a hearing
—the giving of notice, the servicc of the answer,
and the taking of testimony; these are alt em-
braced in the term ''procedure." The power of
this House, of which it can never, under the
Constitution, divest itself, is the power to judge.
It would be impossible for the House to trans-
fer that power to any other tribunal. But, sir,
the procedure of the parties—the giving of no-
tice, the serving of the answer, and the taking of
testimony—are all proper subjects of legislation.
The House of Representatives, if it had chosen
to do so, might have reserved to itself ail its dis-
cretion over this matter also, by withholding its
assent to the actof 1851; but, being a proper sub-
ject of legislation, and the course of procedure
specified in thatact having been cnacted into a law,
I submit that it is binding, not only upon the con-
testant and upon the sitting member, out upon the
Committee of Elections, and upon the House it-
self. It can no more disregard that law than it
can, with impunity, disregard any other law of
Congress.
But I do not stop there. I not only contend
that the contestant ts within the law of 1851, and
therefore not entitled to relief. But if I concede all
the force of his argument, that he $3 not within
the law of 1851, that does not benefit his case; be-
cause, upon examination of the precedents in this
House for the last quarter of a century anterior
to the passage of this law, in lespect to the giving
of notice and the taking of testimony, it will be
found to be the uniform practice of parties from
every State in the Union, that contestants gave
early and reasonable notice, with a specification
of the grounds of the contest. A very large num-
ber of these cases are spread upon the brief sub-
mitted in my behalf to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and an additional number of very strong
cases are cited by the minority of the committee,
in their reports And these citations arc not an-
swered by a solitary citation upon the part of the
majority of the committee. The argument of the
majority, and the position which they take, are
unsupported by the authority of any elementary
writer, or by any adjudicated case in this body;
and the conclusion which they recommend the
House to adopt is m defiance, not only ofthe law
of 1851, but against all the well-established prece-
dents recognized by this House for the last thirty
years.
It is true, that on the part of the contestant, in
the brief which was prepared arid submitted'by
counsel, several cases were cited in support of his
view of the case; and I only ask that this House
will decide this case upon the authorities "which
the contestant has cited, I take the authorities
which havebeen cited by theotherside, and
them as distinct and clear authorities in point, th
support of the position for which I Contend; 11
shall not stop now to consider them much in de-
tail. I will recur to them again when 1 come to
consider the resolution which the majority has
reported to the House. The case of Lattimer
Patten was decided, in 1793, before the practice
had become regular or settled. But that was a
case of an order made upon consent of the parties,
and, of course, decides nothing; for a judgment
entered up by agreement of the parties, as every-
one knows, is never to be cited as a precedent.
The next case is that of Rutherford us. Mor-
gan, decided in 1797, and it is distinctly an au-
thority in my favor, for it holds that it is indis-
pensable to enumerate the names of the voters
objected to as having voted illegally for any cause;
and that rule applies to every special application
by a contestant for permission to take testimony.
The House of Representatives, in that case, by
resolution, distinctly declared that they would not
consider any suggestion of illegal voting unless it
was accompanied by an enumeration of the names
of the persons so alleged to have voted illegally.
The contestant has done no such thing. 'There-
fore that authority is conclusive against the con-
testant.
The next case cited is that of Kelly vs. Harris,
which was decided in 1813. It was an applica-
tion by the sitting member to take testimony; and
the statement there made is, that notice was not
served on him until after he reached Washington.
It does not appear when the election was held; it
docs not appear when he reached Washington;
but it distinctly appears that notice was Served
before the meeting of Congress. The House im-
mediately granted three months'time to the sit-
ting member to proceed to take testimony.
That, therefore, is in no sense acasefor the con-
testant. The other case cited is that of Bayly, a
Massachusetts case, decided in 1824, arising solely
upon the eligibility of a non-resident. Mr. Bayly
was elected to the House while holding a place
here in the State Department under Mr. Adams>
and the question was made by sundry electors of
his district as to whether or not he was qualified
under the Constitution. There was no contest,
and therefore no contestant. There was no issue
between parties. It does not appear in that case
whether there was a notice or not. For aught we
know, a notice may have been given. As it was
the practice then to give notice, in the absence of
any statement that none was given we are enti-
tled to presume that there was. But it is not an
authority in point on the other side, because the
question came up upon the petition of electors,
and not upon a controversy which of two parties
was elected.
I have thus, sir, examined every case cited by
the other side, either by counsel or otherwise, I
invite a reply to my criticism upon those cases.
I have shown that not one of them is in point.
On the other hand, I present an array of adjudi-
cations, extending over a period of thirty years,
showing that it was the uniform practice of con-
testants, prior to the act of 1851, always to give
notice of contests and of the specific grounds.
There is a very strong case, I believe not cited
upon the point—that of sundry electors of Ohio,
against Allen, 1833. (Twenty-Third Congress,
Rep. 110, Vol. 1.) Objection was taken to the in-
sufficiency of the notice, and, on account of the
defective notice which was there given, the com-
mittee refused to consider any of the testimony
taken on the part of the electors, who, of course,
were entitled to the greatest favor. Therefore,
sir, to sum up that point, I say it is distinctly
made to appear, by the report of the minority
and by the authorities there cited, that, as well be-
fore the act of 1851 as subsequent to it, it was
always held—for thirty years at least—as indis-
pensable for parties to give notice and to proceed
with reasonable diligence to take their testimony.
Now, sir, that being the state of the law, let us
see what the majority of the Committee of Elec-
tions propose to do? They report in this case that
the contestant shall now have leave to initiate his
contest; that they will waive in his behalf all
