3172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
bursing officersof the Government, they have been
paid $750 a year; and these clerks will be com-
pelled to refund the amount of $250 each, unless
they are relieved by the action of the Government.
Mr. BRANCH. If that be the fact, I am re-
joiced that my objection was not well taken.
The amendment reported by the Committee of
"Ways and Means was agreed to.
* The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it Jurthcr enaclcd, TUat, to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay such sums may be found
due to the judges of the district court of the United States
for the State of California, on the settlement of their ac-
counts, for extra compensation and salaries, under pro-
vision of the seventh section of the act entitled "An act to
define and regulate the jurisdiction or* the district court ot
the United States tor Calitorma, in icgaul to the survey
and location of* confiimed private land claims," apptoved
June 14, 1860, the sum of $c22,000, or so much theieof as
may be necessary to make the payments as aforesaid, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means the reason
of the committee for recommending a non-con-
currence ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is already provided for
by law, and this amendment is therefore unne-
cessary.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Eighth amendment:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it fui ther enacted, That the sum of $5,000
be, and the same Whereby, appiopnated, out of any money
In the Treasury not othei wise appropriated, to be expended
under the joint resolution passed the 36th ol February, J.&Y7,
to prevent the counterfeiting oi the coins* of the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is already provided
for in the legislative bill, and X wonder that the
Senate should have overlooked the fact.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. The remaining amend-
ments all relate to the same subject—to what is
known as the Cliiriqui coal contract. 1 ask that
they may be all considered together.
No objection being made, the followingamend-
mentsof the Senate were read, and considered as
one amendment:
Ninth amendment:
SEC. fi. Ji)td be U further enacted. That tin* cum of
$300,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropi inied, to enable
the President to cany into efi'ect a rondmonaJ eontiaet,
mode on the 2Nt day ol May, 1800, between Uaae Toueey,
the Secretary of the Navy of the United State-;, and Am-
brose VV. Thompson and the Cliiriqui Improvement Com-
pany, for securing coal lor the use of the United iStat«.M
Navy, and certain other pi tvileges named in said contract,
on tho Chiriqui lagoon and the harbor of Golfito, in the lie-
public of Granada.
Tenth amendment:
Sec. 7. Jlndbcil further enacted, That no portion of the
fium hereby appropriated shall be paid o\erto baut Thomp-
son, his aifent or agents, or any a^ent of said company,
until the President of the lTtmed States .shall ho satisfied
of the full and perfect title of the said Thompson and the
said Chiriqui lmpiovement Company to all the rights, and
privileges which they piopo«?e to lease and guaianty lo the
use of the United States, and of the riulit so to lease the
same; nor until the President of the United States is sat-
isfied that the coal at the Chiiiqm lagoon ih suitable for
naval purposes, and exists thcie 111 sufficient quantity to
afford an ample supply, agreeably to saul contract.
Sec. 8. Jlndbe it further enacted, That $100,000 of the
*um hereby appiopriated shall be paid to the said Thomp-
son or the said Chinqui company, within ten days after
the President shall have heeome satisfied in regard to the
quantity and quality of the s aid coal at said lagoon, and the
validity of the titles of said Thompson or said company
thereto, and after the lands contemplated in said contract
have been selected by the United States, and their u.-e
granted for the benefit of the same by said Thompson or said
company; $100,000 more after the' said Thompson or the
said company, their agents or successors, have expended
bona fide $.20,000 in opening and improving said mino:
and the remainder of the sum herein appropriated, alter the
mine or mines aHoiding the most suitable coal foi marine
purposes of the United States shall be in full operation, and
in such manner a.s to supply all the eoal lequiied by the
Navy Department at that pomt, and aKo at the hatbor ot
Golfito, on the Pacific, after the conjunction of a uulroad
across the Mhmus of Chiriqui.
Sec. 9. JJnd be it further enacted. That the United States :
shall acquire no right of sovereignty over any territory in <
New Granada, nor any right to transport troops or muni-
tions of war over such territory, under or by virtue of the
contract named in this act, unless the same be voluntarily
consented to by the Republic oi New Granada.
The CHAIRMAN, The amendments relate
to the same subject; and, if there be no objection,
thev will be considered together.
Inhere was no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Wafys
and Means recommend a non-concurrence iiythe
amendments of the Senate just read. \
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move the following as a
substitute for the amendments of the Senate:
That the sum of i$'3fl0,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropuated, to enable the President to cairy into effect a
conditional contract made on the 2lst day of May, 1839, bc-
tweeu isunc Toueey, the Secretaiy oi the Navy of uie
United States, and Ambio&e VV.Thonipjon and the Cliiriqui
Improvement Company, for securing coal for the use of
the United States Navy, and certain other privileges named
in the said contiact, on the Cliiriqui lagoon and the harbor
of Golfito, in the Republic of Now Granada, upon the com-
pletion and fulfillment ot the conditions hereinafter stated.
Sec. 2. Jhxd be U further enacted, That no portion of the
sum hereby appropuated shall he paid over to said Thomp-
son, his agent or agents, or any agent of said eompany,
until the Piesulentof the United States shall be satisfied ot
the full and perfect title and authority ot the said Thomp-
son and the s>aid Cliiriqui Improvement Company to con-
struct and maintain a raihoad fiom said Chinqm lagoon
to the harbor ol Golfito, on the Pacific ocean, and to all the
lights and privileges which they puipo&e tolea-«e andguai
amy to the use of the United State-.; nor until the Gov-
ernment of the United States is satisfied that the coal at the
Chniqui lagoon is suitable for naval purposes; nor until,
upon an actual s>utvev under his authority and directum,
the Secretary ot the Navy has ascertained that the mine
or mines proposed to be conveyed or leaded have been act-
ually opened and worked by said company,and are good and
piaetieablo working mine-*, capable of furnishing a supply
of eoal foi the use of oui Navy ; nor until a good commu-
nication by raihoad has been established between said
mines and the Pacific, at the hatbor of Golfito.
fc?juo. y. Jtiul be \l farther enacted, That $100,000 of the
sum hereby appropuated bhaU be paid to the said Thomp-
son, or the said Clunqui company withm ten days, after
the PiCMdent shall have become satisfied, by nil actual sut-
vey ami examination, by competent engmeeis under his
direction, in regard to the quantity and quality of said coal
at said l;i#0on,and the validity ot the tuk ol'said Thomp-
son or wild company tbeiefo, and the actual opening ami
Woikmg by them ot at lea^t one eoal mine wlueh said cn-
gmeei or engineers shall determine to be capable ot furnish-
ing our Navy with a supply of good ooai*, and suitable for
naval purposes, at a eo^t not exceeding the picsent cost of
coal on the stations to be supplied theietimn, and attei the
lands contemplated in saul eontiuet have been seh'otod ami
survojed by the United States arid their use granted (or the
benefit ot the same by said Thompson or said company and
his or then title thereto completed by an unconditional
giant by the New Giauadiau Government to him or them ;
.$J00,0W) moie after the said Thompson or the said com-
pany, their agentM>r successors, have actually commenced
the "delivery "of coal of good quality, as atoie-aid, to the
agents ot this Government and have ilehveiedto them from
the saul mines not less than live thousand tons, and the re-
mainder of the sum herein appiopnated alter the mine or
mines alfoiding the mo>t suitable coal for naval purposes?
of the; Hum d States shall be in lull opeintion and in such
manner as to supply all the coal requited by tho N.uy De-
pal tment at that point, and also at the liaibor of Golfito, on
the Pacific, altei the conjunction ot' a tmhoad across the
Isthmus of ChitHini, iiom said Chuiqiu higoon to the said
hat hoi ol Golfito, by said Chiriqui lmpiovement Company
as nioresvud.
Kr.r\-1. Jind be it further enacted. That the United Slates
shall acquire no right of sovcieignty ovei any territory in
New Granada, not any tight to uauspoit troop* or muni-
tions of w.u over Mich temtoiy, under or by vmue of the
contract named m this act, unhvs the wune be voluntarily
consented to by the Republic ot New Gianada; and until
such consent shall be procured to our occupation and use
of said eoal mines, and to the ownership by this Govern-
ment of the said five thousand acres of land proposed to be
gtanted tor naval stations and coal depots, and to the ti ans-
pojtation of our tioop-i, munitions ot war, and othet public
property ovei the said raihoad, so built by said company
as aioicsaui, no part of said #1500,000 ^h;dl be paid; and
the assent of said Thompson and tho Ghiiiqm eompany
shad be obtained bj the Secietaty of the ftavv to the mod-
ifications of the contract with them hereinbelore made,
beiote any proceedings shall be taken by him undei said
contract and tins act.
Mr.MAYNARD. I should like to know some-
thing; about this Chiriqui Improvement Company.
Has it any connection with the opening of Indian
graves in Central America, in search for gold ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Chairman, the origin
of this company is this: the Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company is a private mining corporation
chartered by the State of Pennsylvania, first char-
tered as a mining company in Central America;
then, by an amendment of "its charter, authorized
to prosecute its business in the island of Cuba;
and then, by subsequent alteiation, which at the
same time destroyed peisonnl responsibility,
which was imposed in the first charter, authorized
to carry on its business tn this province of Chiriqui.
They claim to have acquired, by assignment from
Ambrose W.Thompson and other persons in the
province of Chiriqui, the right, in the first place,
to a large quantity of public land; in the second
place, the right to construct a railroad from a har-
bor on the Atlantic side, to a harbor on the Pa-
cific side of the isthmus. They claimed under
their charter the right also to hold certain coal
mines which have been discovered in that coun-
try, the title to which was acquired by proceed-
ings under their laws, and which also, as they
claim, has been assigned to this company. In
May, 1859, the Secretary of the Navy entered
into this contract. This is referred to in the Sec-
retary's annual report; and in that report he does
not claim to have acquired any right to coal, but
he claims to have acquired first, subject to the'
approval of Congress, the right to transport troops
and munitions of war of the United States across
the roadway granted to this company.
Now, as J have but a moment to speak in ref-
erence to this subject, I will answer, in relation
to that claim, this: that by the concession to
Thompson from the province of Chiriqui—and that
cession is printed at length in the report of the
majority of the Committee on Naval Affairs—this
company is, by the express letter of the grant,
(article six,) prohibited from granting to any for-
eign Government the right winch the*Secretary
of the Navy claims to have acquired.
In the next place, he claims to have acquired,
oris about to acquire, by that contract, certain
harbor rights in the harbors of Chiriqui opposite
each other—the one upon the Atlantic, and tiie
other upon the Pacific side. He also claims to
have acquired the title to five thousand acres of
land for tho purpose of establishing naval stations
and coal depots.
The answer to that is, that by the agreement
with Thompson, the original concession from the
province of Chiriqui gave him the land which he
owns, if at all, upon the condition that within a
certain time he should complete the road from the
city of David, the capital of Chiriqui, to the la-
goons of Chiriqui, upon the opposite side; the
road to be made in a solid manner, suitable to the
passage of wheeled vehicles. Prior to the acqui-
sition of the title, he had the right to take posses-
sion of the lands, and to have them put into pos-
session, upon being surveyed by the Government,
at the expense of the company. But there is no
evidence, and the fact does not exist, as I under-
stand, that these lands have ever been selected
by him; that not one acre has ever been surveyed
by him under that conditional contract, or that
he has ever acquired title by grant to any part of
tho lands to which he might, ii he fulfilled the con-
tract, acquire title. So that he has not any title
to convey, nor has the Chiriqui company.
Nor is there any evidence that any of these
lands, which were to be the public and unoccu-
pied lands of the province, come near or arc sit-
uated upon these harbors upon either side of the
isthmus. And if they were, the idea of a Gov-
ernment like ours acquirmgin the harbor of a for-
eign Power, by the purchase at private hands,
the right of a naval station, is too absurd, I think,
to be presented to the American Congress. It is
precisely this proposition: that a foreign Power—
England or France—by the purchase of a farm
upon Staten Island, in the harbor of New York,
acquires harbor rights in the harbor of New York
and the right to fortify a naval station within the
limits of this Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORSK obtained the floor.
Mr. BURCH. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from New Yoik a question. I desire to know
whether the amendment which he has offered is
recommended by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and whether they have had this subject
under consideration at all?
Mr, MORSE. I believe I am entitled to the floor.
I regret that we are limited to only five-minute
speeches upon a subject of such great commercial
importance to the whole country. 1 would like to
answer my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Sfdg-
wick,] fully and in detail, upon ail the points to
which ho has refer red. This subject was, at an early
[ day, referred to the Committee on Naval AlFaiis.
i That committee went into a long, laborious, and
j patient investigation of the whole subject. They
i have had all the original titles before them; butit
{ is impossible here*, m the Congress of the United
| States, under a rule which limits debate to only
j a few minutes, to go into a full investigation of
| the titles to those iands. I must content myself,
i therefore, by saying that they have undergone an
j investigation in the Cabim t, and the Attorney
! General has certified to the validity of those titles,
; and hero it is, published in the report of the ma-
jority of the committee Here is the majority
j report with all the important papers m the case,
I with maps of the harbors.
