1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.March 21,
defaults, and that he shall give a notice of ten
days, and that in twenty days I shall reply to it;
and'that then both parties shall have sixty day,s
to take testimony. How is he to take testimony ?
Under the act of 1851. What I desire some gen-
tleman upon that committee to inform this House
is this—and I hope I may have for a moment the
attention of the committee, while I call their no-
tice to this inquiry—that if the contestant is within
the act of 1851, so that he may-now take testi-
mony under.it and according to its provisions,
thep is he not hopelessly beyond the relief of this
House by his omission to give the notice required
by that law ? Then, if you assume that the con-
testant is not within the operation of the act of
1851, and upon that assumption excuse him and
say that he may now come in and contest, how
do you benefit him by allowing him to take testi-
mony under a law which you say does not apply
to his case ? I want some member of the com-
mittee to answer that question to the House.
Either he is or is not within the act of 1851. The
committee's own recommendation is vital to his
case; because, if he is within the act of 1851, then
everybody agrees that he is not entitled to be
heard; for he took no steps to take testimony, or
even to give notice. If he is not within the act of
1851, as you maintain in order to entitle him to
the relief he now seeks, then how can you, by
any resolution of this House, apply a law to his
case,-to which case that law you already assume
is not applicable? Sir, I think the committee
have, by their action, involved themselves in a
dilemma from which there is no possible mode of
extrication; at least, none occurs to my observa-
tion.
I wish to invite the attention of the House to
another aspect of this case. It is claimed on- the
part of the contestant, it was argued very earn-
estly by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Campbell,] and by my two colleagues from New
York, [Messrs. Humphrey and Conkling,] and
also by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] who made the report, that Mr. William-
son, the contestant, is entitled to the relief which
he seeks. I hold in my hand, sir, an argument
in reply to the position taken by those gentlemen
in this debate, which I think the House will re-
gard as satisfactory , and which I am sure these
gentlemen will admit to be conclusive; at least I
am sure they will agree with me, that I am now
citing a most respectable authority. I answer to
the argument of those gentlemen " that this appli-
cation came more than sixteen months after the
election was held, more than eleven months after
the time for talcing testimony under the law had
expired, and after one half of the time of the ser-
vice of the Congress had elapsed, the party never
having previously examined any witnesses or
taken any testimony in his own behalf, or having
given any notice of lus intention, or wish to do
so."
Those, I think, are very conclusive reasons why
this application should not be granted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will my colleague
permit me to ask from what document he is read-
ing?
Mi". SICKLES. I am not surprised that my
colleague wishes to know from what document I
arn reading. I will inform him that I am reading
from a report of the Committee of Elections,
signed by Messrs. Campbell, Dawes, Marston,
Stratton, and McKxigiit, the same gentlemen
who made the report in my case; and the only
difference is that this is a report made upon an
application by Mr. Cooper, of Michigan, whose
seat is contested by Mr. Howard, for time, and
not made by Mr. Williamson. That is the only
difference between the two cases. This is a report
made by those gentlemen three days after they
make a report m my case, three days after they
make a report upon Mr. Williamson's application
for leave to set aside everything, and to be let in
to do anything; after racking their brains for rea-
sons to let him in, this chalice is commended to
their own lips, for they are under the necessity
of answering their own argument, in order to de-
feat the application of the sitting member from
Michigan for leave to take further testimony.
What else do they say ? because I put it to the
House with great candor, and with entire confi-
dence, that I rely upon the argument presented by
the majority of the Committee of Elections, in
the case of Cooper and Howard, to meet, conclu-
sively and triumphantly, every reason they have
given why my case should not be closed. I pre-
sume the committee will agree with me, that I am
quoting the most respectable authority. What
do they say? On page 2 they say:
"If either party to a case of contested election should
desire further time, and Congress should not be in session,
he should give notice to the opposite party, and proceed in
taking testimony, and preserve the same, and ask that it be
received, and, upon good reason being shown, it doubtless
would be allowed."
Now, sir, why did not Mr. Williamson proceed
in the recess, and after the time expired, as the
committee here say he might, to take his testi-
mony, first giving me notice; and then coming
here with his evidence and having shown due dili-
gence, his application being to receive testimony
properly taken, though not strictly according to
the letter of the law, it would have been received ?
He does no such thing; and therefore, adopting
the language and the conclusions of the majority
of the committee, he is hopelessly at fault.
Again, I allege that there has been laches in
this case upon the part of the contestant; that he
has postponed the time of taking testimony be-
yond a reasonable period, when the witnesses are
not within reach; 1 maintain that here is such a
flagrant default as should fairly exclude him from
further hearing. What do the majority of the
committee say upon that point? They say:
" To grant such postponements and protracted appoint-
ments tor taking additional testimony after both parties
have had equal and sufficient opportunity to present their
fuli case, is practically to nullify the law."
And further:
" If such application rests upon no stronger reason than
the laches of the party making the same, it should be
promptly rejected."
Now if they had only applied that law, so well
stated, to the case of Williamson, this House
would not have been troubled with this discus-
sion. They go on further and say.
" To do otherwise, is to disregard the rights of parties
and constituents, to trifle with the privileges of the Hon-c.
and to make the labors of your committee interminable and
useless." -
True, sir—sound; only I ask leave of the com-
mittee to apply their good law to my case, and to
give me the benefit of it.
Again, they speak:
" It is due to every interest conccraca, that the rights in
dispute should be settled, and parties held to a reasonable
diligence."
A second Danitl comc to judgment. Diligence!
diligence! Why, sir, you would have supposed
there was no such word in the vocabulary of those
gentlemen when they were listening to the appli-
cation of a man who had'kept secret his purpose
of contesting a seat for sixteen months, giving no
notice,and taking no step. Diligence, forsooth!
Hear them once more:
" It i1 due to rvery interest concerned, that the rights in
dispute should be settled, and parties held to a reasonable
diligence under the laws of the land, in the prosccation of
their respective claims."
Mr. Williamson was diligent, I suppose, in
coming here seventeen months after the election,
though he had not previously taken a step to-
wards contesting the seat.
I will refer to the facts in this Michigan case,
simply for tlje purpose of showing the application
of their laws to this controversy. It seems that
in that case all the witnesses were examined on
the last six days of the sixty allowed by law—
that is to say, the contestant, Mr. Howard, al-
lowed fifty-four days of the time to elapse and
never examined a witness. He reserved his bat-
teries to the last six days, and then consumed the
whole of them in getting out his testimony. He
reserved his best and strongest witnesses to the
very last day; and Mr. Cooper's application was
for leave to rebut the testimony of witnesses ex-
amined upon the last day of the sixty. And yet
this wise, this profound, and discriminating com-
mittee accuse Mr. Cooper of want of diligence in
not producing his witnesses for examination: and
they commend the diligence of Williamson, who
slept for sixteen months, and never summoned or
named a witness. I hope that, however indiffer-
ently the committee may have regarded the mul-
titude of precedents cited to them illustrating the
views of former Houses of Representatives, they
will not question the application of the law from
their own lips. Why, sir, such inconsistency
might, with propriety, excite surprise and amaze-
ment. True, sir, a committee always has, in the
examination of those cases, certain latitude and
certain discrimination. But, sir, I must say that
this discretion becomes expansive with the ex-
igenciesCf Mr. Williamson, and contracts accord-
ing to the convenience of Mr. Howard. It is like
the famous tent of Prince Achmet, which could
be spread outwhennecessary,so thata greatarmy
could repose beneath its shade; but which could
be folded up, when there was no longer a neces-
sity for its use, and became a toy fit for the hand
of the most delicate lady.
Lord Campbell, in his Lives of the Chief Jus-
tices, relates an incident in the career of Lord
Mansfield, which is full of instruction to the ma-
jority of this committee. An English peer had
been appointed a colonial Governor; at that period
these Governors were chancellors and judges in
the colonies; and the one in question not having
much experience of law, went to Mansfield and
asked him to give him a few hints before he set
out upon his mission, which would enable him to
get along upon the bench. Mansfield very kindly
complied, and among other advice, told him al-
ways to hear all that both sides had to say; to
listen patiently, and to take time to deliberate, and
then to decide as justice required; but never, never,
by any chance, to write an opinion, or to give a
reason for his decision.
I commend the advice of Mansfield to the ma-
jority of the Committee of Elections. Whatever
hereafter you may have to decide, decide it; hear
patiently whatever argument may be adduced be-
fore you; take time for deliberation, and render
your decision; but after the two decisions which
you have thus far communicated to the House—
the only two—remember the advice of Lord
Mansfield to the tyro, never write any more rea-
sons tor your judgment!
Here the hammer fell.]
\lr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will be allowed to proceed
with his remarks. I make that motion.
Mr. GROW. I must object to the violation of
this hour rule.
Mr. DAWES. How long does the gentleman
require to conclude?
Mr. SICKLES. I will take about twenty min-
utes longer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should state that
the other side, in concluding, can have more time
than the hour, if they desire it. Certainly, in such
a case as this, the gentlemenought not tobe stinted
in time.
Mr. SICKLES. I will not abuse the indul-
gence of the House. I am indebted very much
to its courtesy.
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gentle-
man to be limited as to time ?
Mr. SICKLES. I think I can conclude in
fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. GROW. I shall object, unless the time
be fixed.
Mr. SICKLES. Well, say twenty minutes.
Mr. GROW. This case has taken two days
already, while it ought not to have taken as many
hours.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
gentleman being allowed twenty minutes longer?
Mr. SICKLES. I prefer thirty minutes.
Mr. GROW. I do not object to the gentleman
having thirty minutes.
There being no objection, thirty minutes were
allowed.
Mr. SICKLES. Now, sir, I invite the attention
of the House to another feature in the resolution re-
ported by a majority of the committee. They say,
m their resolution, that the sitting member should
be allowed twenty days to take issue upon the case
as presented to him by the notice of the contestant.
I invite the attention of the House to this feature
of the resolution. The law of 1851, and all the
precedents of the House, give thirty days to the
sitting member to answer the case presented by
the contestant. The papers show—the contestant
shows—that he has been preparing his case for
sixteen months. It appears he employed coun-
sel immediately after the election. So the Com-
mittee of Elections say in their report, on page 2.
And, sir, the Committee of Elections came to this
extraordinary conclusion, and embodied it in
their resolution, to give to the contestant sixteen
months to prepare his ease, to make his allega-
tions, and then they cut short the sitting member
ten days of the time allowed by the law itself to
