264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
At the breaking out of the revolutionary war,
every foot of British territory, south of the great
lakes, was open to slavery, feut the ordinance of
1787, by express provision, excluded slavery from
the Northwest Territory. It will strike every one
that a preexisting right was thus taken away.
By the Constitution of the United States, by which
slavery was recognized, regulated, and protected,
the whole subject was adjusted upon terms agreed
upon, and the States, by their assent to the com-
pact, pledged their faith to maintain them. I have
shown that this part of the compact was broken,
in spirit at least, in the first year of the Constitu-
tion; that General Washington himself was de-
nied, in 1796, the benefit of the fugitive slave law;
and that the slavery provisions of the Constitution
have been the object of ceaseless assault. I have
shown, or stated, that the Louisiana purchase
was open to slavery, and that the Missouri re-
striction was unconstitutional; and by attempting
to exclude slavery from the territory to which it
applied, a gross invasion of the clear rights of the
slaveholding was perpetrated by the non-slave-
holding States of the Union. I have shown the
continued excitement on the subject, growing out
of northern agitation; the avowal of most alarm-
ing doctrines; the violent resistance to the execu-
tion of the fugitive slave law; the nullification of
the acts of Congress by State legislation, and the
denouncing of those acts as unconstitutional by
State courts; and finally, an armed invasion of a
sovereign State by a band of northern fanatics,
with an avowed purpose of carrying out the pol-
icy I have traced, and to revolutionize the social
condition of the southern States.
Fifteen States demand to know of their sister
States what this persistent hostility means? they
demand to know why the common bond is thus
habitually broken? why the tics of interest and
of blood arc no longer regarded?
Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts, in his
speech, delivered in Syracuse on the 28th ultimo,
said:
" The Harper's Fciry omhteak was tiie conscquenee of
the teachings of Ilepublieaiu.sm."
Is this state of things, indeed, the consequence
of Republican teachings, or is it the "irrepress-
ible conflict" of Mr. Seward?
Long before our amazement mid indignation at
the foray of John Brown had subsided, a new
revelation broke upon the country. A man by
the name of Ilinton II. Helper, born in North
Carolina, ambitious, it seems, of notoriety, and
who " loft his country for his country's good,"
commences his publishing career, in 1855, by a
strong pro-slavery work. In that year, it appears,
he published a volume entitled The Land of Gold;
Reality versus Fiction, with the imprint—" Balti-
more, Henry Taylor, Sun Iron Building." The
following are extracts from the work:
li Nicaragua can never fulfill its destiny until it mtro-
duee<« negro slavery."'
u Nothing bur nhivc labor ran ever subdue it*. foic&N oi
cultivate its imtimbei^d l.tniK"
" White men may live upon iN *oil with a.i umbrella tn
< ;ie h.tml and a fan m the othc i. but thr-y can ncvci unfold
or develop lW re^outon-. M:i\ we nor i-.ifV'ly co'ieludrthat
negro slavery will he mtioduecd into this'eouiitiv before
fh<  lap>e of many years ? We think m>. The tendency ot
events fully warrants tim inference.1'
There are many other passages exhibiting his
then affiliation with slavery. In one place he
speaks of the slaves in California as tampered
with and " enticed by meddling Abolitionists."
Finding, I presume, that this movement did not
pay, he turned his attention to the other side of
the question,and published The Impending Crisis
of the South: How to meet it.
It is a great principle of international law that
every people is entitled to regulate their political,
and social institutions in their own way. Italy has
expelled her dukes, and claims this right, which
will, no doubt, be conceded 1o liur by the despotic
Powers of Europe. This right or principle is con-
ceded to the States of the Union within their respec-
tive limits, subject to the Constitution; but the
South lias never been permitted to exercise it m
peace. The book itself is but one of a series written
avowedly to disturb us in the enjoyment of this
right, to unsettle our social institutions,to dissatisfy
the most contented and happy laboring population
under the sun, and to put a dagger and a torch m
the hands of the slaves. 1 will give a few extracts -
from the work:
And now to the point: Tn oui opinion. an opinion whir h
has been formed lioni data obtained by assiduous reseaicbe-,
and comparisons, from laborious investigation, logical rea-
soning, and earnest rcflcction, the causes which have im-
peded'the progress and prospeiityof the South, which have
dwindled our commerce and other similar pursuits, into the
most contemptible insignificance ; sunkaknge majority of
our people in galling poverty and ignorance; rendered a
small minority conceited and tyrannical, and driven the rest
away from their homes; entailed upon us a humiliating de-
pendence on the fice States ; disgraced us in the iccesses
of our own souls, and brought us underrepioach m the eyes
of all civilized and enlightened nations, may all be traced to
one common ;*ource, and there find solution in the most
hateful and horrible word that was ever incorporated into
the vocabulary of human economy—slavery.1'
" To undeceive the people of the South, to bring them
to a knowledge of the inferior and disreputable position
which they occupy as a component part of the Union, and
to give prominence and popularity to those plans which,
if adopted, will«lcvate us to an equality, socially, morally,
intellectually, industrially, politically, andfmancially, with
the most flourishing and refined nation in the world, and,
if possible, to place us in tlie van of even that, is an object
of this work. Slaveholders, either from ignorance or from
a willful disposition to propagate error, contend that the
South has nothing to be ashamed of, that slavery has proved
a blessing to her, and that her superioiity over the North in
an agncultuidl point of view, makes amends for ail her
short-comings m other respects."
" Nature has been kind to us in all things. The strata
and substrata of the South arc profusely cnuched with gold
and silver and precious stones, and from the natural ori-
fiecs and aqueducts in Virginia and North Carolina, flow
the purest healing waters in the world. But of what avail
i-5 all this latent wealth ? Of what avail will it ever be, so
long as slavery is permitted to play the dog in the manger?
To these queries there can be but one reply. Slavery must
be thiottled; the South, so great and so glorious by natuie,
mu?t be reclaimed from her infamy and degradation ; our
cities, fields, and forests, must be kept intact from the un-
sparing monster; the various and ample resources of our
vast domain, subterraneous as well as superficial, iiiuh be
developed, and made to contribute to our pleasures and to
the necessities of the woiid."
<vThe gicat levolutionary movement which was set on
foot in Charlotte, Mecklenburg county, North Carolina, on
the 20th day of May, 177o, has not yet been terminated, nor
will it be until cvciy slave in the United Stater; is freed
from the tyranny of his master. Eveiy victim of the vile
institution, whether white or black, must be reinvested with
the sacred rights and privileges of which he has been de-
prived by an"inhuman oligaiehy. What our noble sires of
the Revolution left unfinished, it is our duty to complete."
u Hitherto, asmcrefice-soilers, you have appioachedbut
half way to the line of your duty; now, for youi own sakes
and for ouis, and tor the purpose of peipctuatmg this great
Republic, which your fatheis and our fathers founded in
septennial streams of blood, we ask you,m all seriousness,
to organize youiselvesas one man under the banners ot
libertj, and to aid us in cxtci initiating Muvciy, which is the
only thing that militates against om complete aggrandize-
ment as a nation. In this extiaordmaiy crisis ot alfans, no
man can be a true patuot without first becoming an Aboli-
tionist."
<k Non-slaveholdci s ot the South, fanners, mechanics, and
woiking-men,we take this occasion to astuie jou that the
fhiveholdnuj politicians whom you have elected to ofliccs
of honor and profit have hoodwinked yon, tnfled with jou,
and used you as mere tools lor the consummation of their
wicked designs."
u Now, one of your own number, we appeal to you to
join u-s m our earnest and timely efforts to ic&cue the gen-
erous soil of the South li om the usurped and desolating con-
tiol ot these political vampnes. Once and toicvcr, at least
far as this country i-. concerned, the infernal miction of
slavery must be disposed of; a speedy and absolute abol-
ishment ot the whole .system is the true policy of the South,
and tins is the policy which wo propose to "pin- no. Will
u>u aid us? will \ou assist us ? will you be iiecmen,orwill
you be slaves? "
\ ou can {road u^ no further; you shall oppiess us no
lousier Ileietoloie, earnestly but «ubmi--tvcly, we have
ask''d jouto ledre'-s the more atrocious outrages which you
have peipetiatf'd atram^t uc-; but what has been the invari-
able fate of onr petition*5? With scarcely a pcni-~.il, with
a dejrrco of contempt that added insult to injury, you have
laid ihcm on the table, and from thence they have been
f-wepl into the furnace of oblivion. Hcnccfoith, siis, wc
aie demandants, not suppliants. We demand our lights,
nothing moie. nothing le.-s. It is for you to decide whether
we are to have justice, peaceably or by violence, for what-
ever conr-equcnccs may follow, we aic determined to have
it one wav or the other."
<■ Slaveholders are a nuisance."
'• !t is onr imperative bu^uicts to abate nuisance-.*>
We piopo^e to e.vtciminate this catalogue liom begin-
ning to end."
l'Uo believe that thieves are, as a general rule, less
amenable to the moral law- tirm :-lavcholder-*.5'
'• Slaveholder aie more criminal than common murdci-
ers "
Slaveholders and slavetradcrs are. <is general thins,
unfit to occupy anv honoiabie station'in life "
'• It is onr honest convict ion that all the pto-slavery slave-
holders. who are alone responsible lor the continuance ot
the baneful institution amonsr us, deserve to be at once ic
duced toapaiallcl with the basest criminals that lie fettered
within the cells of our public prisons."
" Were it possible that the whole number (that is, of the
slaveholder) could be gathered together, and transfcued
into four equal bands of licensed robbers, ruffians, thieves,
and mmderers, society, we feel aspired, would sufiei less
fiom theii atiocities then than it does now."
" Ireenbed on the banner which we heicwith unfurl to
the world, with the full and fixed determination to uand by i
it or die by it, unless one of more vntuous etlicaey shall be i
pre rented, are the mottoes which, in substanec, embody the j
principles, as we conceive, that Should govern us in om i
patrionc wariaie against the most subtle and insidious foe j
thai e\ci mcuaced the inalienable rights and libeitics and j
dcaiest inteiests of Ameiica * I
"X. Thorough organization and independent political
action on the part of the non-slaveholding whites of the
South.
" 2. Ineligibility of pro-slavery slaveholders; never an-
other vote to any one who advocates the retention and per-
petuation of human slavpry.
" 3. No cooperation with pro-slavery politicians; no fel-
lowship with them in religion; no affiliation with them m
society.
" 4. No patronage to pro-slavery merchants; no guest-
ship in slave-waiting hotels; no fees to pro-slavery lawyers;
no employment-of pro-slavery physicians; no audience to
pro-slavery parsons.
"5. No inoie hiring of slaves by non-slaveholders.
" 6. Abrupt discontinuance of subscription to pro-slavery
newspapeis.
" 7. Immediate death to slavery, or if not immediate, un-
qualified proscription of its advocates during the period of
its existence.
"A tax of sixty dollars on every slaveholder, for each and
every negro in his possession at the present time, or at any
intermediate time between now and the 4th of July, 1S63.
" An additional tax of forty dollars per annum, to be lev-
ied annually cn every slaveholder, for each and everynegro
found in his possession after the 4th of July, 1863."
" This, then, is the outline of our scheme for the aboli-
tion of slavery m the southern States. Let it be acted upon
with due promptitude, and, as certain as truth is mightier
than enor, fifteen years will not elapse before every foot of
teiritory, from the mouth of the Delaware to the embogumg
of the Itio Grande, will glittpr with the jewels of freedom."
" So it seems that the total number of actual slave own-
ers, including their entire crew of cringing lick-spittles
against whom we have to contend, is but three hundred and
forty-seven thousand five hundred and twenty-five. Against
this army for the defense and propagation of slavery, we
think it will be an easy matter— independent of the negroes,
who, in nine cases out of ten, would be delighted with an
opportunity to cut their masters' throats, and without ac-
cepting a single reciuit from cither of the free States, Eng-
land, Prar.cc, oi Germany—to muster one at least three times
as large, and far more respectable, for its utter extinction.
We aie determined to abolish slavery at all hazards, in de-
fiance of all opposition, of whatever nature, which it ic pos-
sible foi the slaveocrats to bring against us. Of this they
may take due notice and govern themselves accordingly."
" And now, sirs, we have thus laid down our ultimatum,
What are you going to do about it? Something dreadful,
of course. Perhaps you will dissolve the Union again. Do
it, if you dare. ^Our motto, and we would have you under-
stand it, is the abolition of slavery and the perpetuation of
the American Union. If by any means you do .succeed m
your treasonable attempts to take the South out of the Union
to-day, we will bring hei back to-morrow—it she goes away
with jou, she will loturn with you.
Do not mistake the meanmg of the last clause of the
last sentence."
On page 234 he says:
"It is, as it ought to be, the desire, the determination,
and destiny of the Republican paity to give the death blow
to slavery." #
This book appeared some year or so ago. It
produced neither excitement nor alarm in the
South. But it coming to light, almost cotempo-
rancously with the John Brown foray, that its
atrocious doctrines were indorsed by sixty-eight
members of Congress, upwards of forty of whom
arc members of this House, the South did feel a
wide-spread feeling- of burning indignation in con-
sequence of the thorough conviction that a great
party had assumed the place and the duty of that
fanatical party which for three quarters of a cen-
tury had morally and, whenever possible, prac-
tically violated our compact and disturbed the
slaveholding States in the quiet enjoyment of their
acknowledged rights. And when, as if to pile up
the agony, the Black Republican party nominated
one of those men, without necessity and without
a disclaimer of the doctrines of the Helper book,
this wide of the House, profoundly stirred, had
no alternative but to appeal to their patriotic fel-
low-citizens against the insult and outrage implied
in such a nomination.
I know it is said, Mr. Clerk, that it may be in-
ferred from what the gentleman [Mr. Sherman]
said on the 6th instant, that he disclaimed the
doctrines of the Helper book. And arc these
atrocious doctrines to be disclaimed by inference;
and by one aspiring to preside over the delibera-
tions of thi«! body ? With half the words uttered
by him on the occasion icferred to he could have
denounced the Helper book and the John Brown
foray, and then have relieved many in this House
of that profound feeling of exasperation which
his ejection cannot fail to strengthen.
A disclaimer by inference leaves a clear infer-
ence against such disclaimer. But the Sentinel, of
Decembers, published at MountGilcad,Ohio,in
its leading editorial of that day, says:
" Captain John Brown has been 'permitted to die for a
cau«e,* and hi-c last on earth ■ will hereafter be the j-i^n and
symbol of supreme self-devotedness to the sublime doc-
trines of the Sermon on the Mount, llis example of hero-
ism, sanctified by bucli tenderness and faith.(meeting the
eve and filling the heart of the civilized world, spreading
its noble inspiration far and wide through a continent,
quickening the pultes of heioism in millions of souls, is
God'? prime benefactor to our time—the immortal fire that
keeps humanity's highest hope aflame.'"
