1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t2§8
meet the case of the contestant. By law, the con-
testant is obliged to specify the grounds of con-
test within thirty days after the declaration of the
result of the election; and thirty days then is suf-
ficient time for the sitting member to respond.
But here is a case, sui generis, without a prece-
dent. The contestant avows that he commenced
to make preparations right after the election. The
committee, m their report, say so. He employed
counsel, and he set to work to make inquiry. He
collected his witnesses; and the committee indorse
the proposition that he is entitled to all this time
to make out his case, although he lulled me and
all others into confidence and repose as to my
rights, by allowing me to believe that no contest
was to be made. And yet, having allowed him six-
teen months extra time to prepare his case, they
cut me short of ten days of the ordinary time al-
lowed by law to every person to meet such a case.
Is that justice ? Why can you not mete out to me
some share of that same liberality which induced
you to give him sixteen months to get ready for
the contest? What constrained the committee to
diminish my time to meet the issues thus pre-
sented with an alacrity only equaled by their read-
iness to extend the time of the contestant? Sir,
it will be for the gentleman who is to follow me to
.explain these extraordinary inconsistencies. I
will not allow myself even to suggest, by way of
conjecturc, a reason, lest I might do some injus-
tice to some one or more members of the commit-
tee. But, sir, that explanation is needed; that the
inconsistency is extraordinary and inexplicable on
its face, 1 think is apparent.
Now, sir, so much of my argument I have ad-
dressed to the proposition that the contestant is not
entitled to any relief at the hands of this House.
I deny that there is any evidence that he lias pro-
ceeded in good faith, or that he has proceeded
with due diligence, or that his case comes within
the ordinary usage of the House.
I say further, that the resolution reported by
the majority of the committee, upon their own
showing, must be amended in several particulars
to be of the slightest value. According to the cases
cited on the other side, the contestant should be
required to set forth the names of the voters whose
votes he impeaches, and the resolution should be
recommitted to the Committee of Elections, with
instructions to make the requisition, before a case
of probable cause can fee presented for the con-
sideration of this House; and this position, I re-
peat, is sustained by two authorities cited by the
committee themselves—that is to say, in the brief
of the contestant, which they append to their re-
port.
Second, sir, the resolution does not require the
contestant to give any notice of the taking of dep-
ositions. It is left to inference as to whether he
is required to do that or not.
Third. It is indispensable, in the taking of tes-
timony in a case like this, to enlarge the class of
judicial officers before whom depositions may be
"taken; for while the law of 1851 allows those dep-
ositions to be taken before quite a numerous class
ofjudicial officers, the resolution before you con-
fines that power to but one class of officers, and
the least, likely to have the leisure for cxtra-of-
ficidl duties, which is a novel and extraordinary
proceeding.
Fourth. Under the the circumstances of this
case, the time—sixty days—allowed for taking
testimony should be equally divided between the
contestant and the sitting member; otherwise,
looking to the long delay that has occurred and
to the circumstances of the case already stated,
there is no guarantee whatever that even at the ex-
piration of the time now allowed the case would be
in any better situation to be heard than it is now.
These four amendments I insistare indispensa-
ble: and further, unless the committee are pre-
pared to show that this case docs fall within the
act of 1851, then I say the resolution must be
voted down, because it proposes an impossible
thing. It proposes to allow a man to proceed under
a law to take testimony in his case, when you de-
clare that that law could never be applied to his
case. The cemmittec ask the House, by resolu-
tion, to apply a law of Congress to a case, ex post
facto, to which that law, they themselves argue,
Wf>s never applicable.
.Sir, let me ask gentlemen upon the opposite side,
if it is possible now, after the passage of this reso-
lution , for the contestant to proceed, under the act
of 1851, and take testimony, why could he not
have proceeded under the act of 1851 and taken
the same testimony before ? Can the action of this
House possibly make that law any more applica-
ble now than it was originally ? Not at all, sir.
If the law of 1851 applies sufficiently to the case
to enable the contestant to go on from this time
forth and take testimony under it, then it applied
sufficiently to have enabled him to go on six
months or a year ago, at the time when he should
have done it, and take this testimony. It will be
necessary for the committee to meet these dilem-
mas in which their own action has involved them,
before it is possible for them, with any propriety,
to ask a vote of the House upon their own prop-
osition.
In every view, therefore, I maintain that the
contestant is beyond any hope of relief, any just
or proper claim for relief, from this body. He
chose to deprive himself of the advantages of the
act of 1851 by his own silence; because it was a
matter of pure volition with him whether he would
give notice of contest or not. There is a reason,
I know, suggested why testimony was not taken;
but none whatever which proves that the party
could not, if he had seen fit to do so, have given
notice. Is it not rather to be supposed that
when he sought the advice of counsel upon this
point, it was to ascertain if he could avoid giving
the notice; not whether he could give it? Did he
need a lawyer to tell him that he could address me
a letter, frankly saying: " Sir, I believe you are
not fairly elected; I believe that you leceived ille-
gal votes, and I intend to contest your seat?"
Would any gentleman need a lawyer to tell him
that he miglit do thattoanopponentbetween whom
and himself the most kindly relations had always
existed? Would he need a lawyer to advise him
to do that? No, sir; his own manhood and sense
of fair-play and candor would have told him at
once that it was right and just.
What did he need a lawyer for? Was it not
rather to advise him whether or not he could keep
secret his purpose to make this contest until six-
teen months after the election, to give him time
to perfect his case, and to allow his opponent to
slumber upon his rights, which he supposed to
be undisputed, until all recollection of the circum-
stances connected with the election had in a great
measure become obliterated, and until his wit-
nesses may have gone away; and then, in an un-
guarded moment, to unmask his battery and pour
out his deadly, destructive fire upon an unapprised
opponent. I leave it to the good sense of the
House to say whether that was not the purpose for
whicli he wanted the services of a convenient at-
torney. I maintain that there arc very few lawyers
ill the city of New York—in my opinion there are
none—who would give the advice alleged to have
been given in this case. A prudent lawyer, a safe
lawyer would have said," give your notice; it can
do you no harm, and may protect yo.ur rights;
make your application to take testimony, and
take it if you can; no harm can result from it; if
you will ever have a case you have got it now; if
you find the courts unwilling to take testimony,
that will he good reason for applying to Congress
for specific provisions in your case; but be sure
to bring yourself within the provisions of the
law; be sure to give your notice." No lawyer,
I venture to say, would have given any other ad-
vice than that. And I say more. I deny that
any lawyer ever did advise the contestant that he
ought not or could not proceed in the manner
stated in the act of 1851.
I deny that any lawyer has said that he has
given any such advice. Mr. Williamson himself
has not alleged that he received any such advice;
the report of the committee, in stating the facts,
alleges no such thing, and the affidavit of the law-
yer states no such thing. 'I here has been an
entire misapprehension upon that point by all who
have supposed otherwise. I refer gentlemen to
the memorial of Mr. Williamson,and I defythem
to point to any passage that alleges that he
was so advised. No such thing can you find;
but mark what his convenient attorney does say,
for he is the only witness produced by the con-
testant; and when a lawyer turns witness you
are always entitled to suppose that lie does so
with full* knowledge of the force of language
and the meaning of terms. What does he say?
I have no hesitation in criticising with some de-
gree of closeness the attorney in this case, for
whenever an attorney brings himself into court
as the sole and only witness far his client's caste,
he places himself there as a target. What does
he say? ' ' ,
"That in consequence of the omission q£ the board.of
State canvassers to determine, ami declare who, if arty one,'
was elected to such office m ttie said district at the said elec-
tion, the said Williamson wastmoMe to give the notice and
proceed to take the testimony in the manner prescribe ky
tile act of 1851, and that lie therefore had no way to.compel
the attendance of witnesses, or of securing their testimony,
unless it could be obtained from theni voluntarily;"
He swears simply to an allegation of fact, not
that he advised Williamson that he ought not;
but the attorney says that Williamson was unable
to give notice .and specify the grounds of contest.
Williamson does not allege that he ever received
any such advice; the attorney does not allege that
he e.ver gave any such advice; and yet the excuse
is invented for him that he was so advised and so
misled.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I will suggest to the gentle-
man that the House looks thin now; but if the
previous question is seconded, it will not be in
order to move that there bo a call of the House.
I prefer, therefore,thatthegentleman should now
avail himself of the privilege which is allowed
him under the rules of occupying an hour in clos-
ing the debate.
Mr. DAWES. I shall not occupy an hour. '
Mr. BRANCH. Then I will suggest that the
previous question be now ordered; and that, by
common consent, a motion that there be a call of
the House maybe made when the gentleman from
Massachusetts shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER announced that he would con-
sider that as the understanding "upon the part of
the House.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put. •
Mr. DAWES. I will not avail myself of the
privilege granted me under the rules, of debating
a question which all others are cut bif from de-
bating by the previous question, beyond what is
absolutely necessary, and strictly in reply to that
which has been offered, and to which there lias
been no opportunity for reply.
I will, before I proceed to reply to the main argu-
ment of the sitting member against the report of the
majority of the committee, allude to his complaint
as to the phraseology of the resolution which the
committee have reported, and especially to the
fact that he here complains that, while the law of
1851 gives to the contestant thirty days to file his
notice of contest, and to the sitting member thirty
days more to file his answer thereafter, we have
deprived him in this respect of ten of the thirty
days to which he would have been entitled under
the law. I have only to say that, because the
committee yielded thus far to his argument as to
the length of time to which this resolution ex-
tended this case, yielded so far to his own argu-
ment as to cut down the contestant twenty days
and himself ten days in merely filing the pre-
liminary papers, the notice and answer, I hardly
expected to hear him then come into the House
and make that yielding of ours to his argument
a cause of complaint against the resolution.
One other objection lo the resolution is raised
by the sitting member, and that is this: while the
committee base their report upon the fact, as they
say, that this case is outside of the law of 1851,
they yet require this testimony to betaken under,
and by authority of, the law of 1891 I commend
the sitting member to a more careful reading of
the resolution itself, in which he will find no such
words. It prescribes the way and manner in
which this testimony shall be taken, independent
of the statute of 1851. It says that it shall be
taken before a pidge of the supreme court of the
State of New York; but. in all things else in the
manner prescribed in the statute of 1851. I will
not say that this is a quibble, because my friends
of the other side have appropriated that word en-
tirely to themselves. I only say, if the sitting
member fails to understard, when it is proposed
to take testimony in the manner written down in
a particular place in a statute, that that does not
mean to take testimony under, and by virtue of,
the authority made in any such statute; if he foils
to understand this of himself, I, of course, shall
fail to make him understand it.
