2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
tied In the Territory; and the consequences of keeping that
prohibition in force will be that of obliging the numerous
class of citizens disposed to emigrate to seek an asylum in
that country, where they cau be permitted to enjoy their
property. ,
" Your.memorialists, however, and the people they rep-
resent, do not wish ior a repeal of this article entirely, but
that H may be suspended for the term of ten years, and then
" to be again in force; but that the slaves brought into the
Territory during the continuance of this suspension, and
their progeny, may bo considered and continued in the same
state of servitude us if they had remained in those parts of
the United States where slavery is permitted, and from
whence'they may have been removed."
Thus it will be seen the petition was for a sus-
pension of the anti-slavery provision of the ordi-
nance of 1787 for ten years. I am sorry not to
have the judicial decision before mc; but I have
seen it, and* it can be found, though I have not
time to look to it. Under that ordinance, the
judiciary decided that slavery was not only pro-
hibited, but that slaves held there were ernanci-
pated by virtue of that ordinance. The honorable
Senator from Oregon undertook to enlighten me
upon this subject, to show that this was not the
law; and what did he do? He showed that the
people at some time disiegarded it, and that the
Territorial Legislature passed laws for the pro-
tection of slave property. But, sir, does that have
anything to do with invalidating the superior law
of the ordinance that was passed upon them ? No
more than the fact that Aaron made a golden calf
for the children of Israel to bow down to and wor-
ship, proved that the Ten Commandments wore
not the law of Israel. They were the supreme
law, notwithstanding the people were ordered to
bow down to the calf. So with this ordinance;
itwas the law, recognized by the Territory as the
law; and they petitioned for a suspension of it.
Further than that, so much was it considered the
law, that when the Congress, m 1816, passed an
actenabling the people of Indiana to form a consti-
tution pieparatory to admission into the Union,
they inserted this proviso:
" Provided, That the same, whenever formed, fhali be
republican and not repugnant to tho*e articles of the otdi-
natice ot the llith of July, 1787, which aie declared to bo
irrevocable between the original States, and the people and
States of the territory northwest of tho river Ohio ; except-
ing so much of saw! articles as relate to the boundaiies of
the States therein to be formed."
How perfectly idle is it to stand up hereto-day,
at this age of the world, and say the ordinance of
1787 was not recognized as the supreme law of the
Territory of Indiana, when they themselves rec-
ognized it as such, and petitioned Congress to bo
relieved fiom the operation of the article. "When
they took the enabling act, by virtue of which
their constitution was formed preparatory to their
admission into the Union, lliey took it subject to
the condition that the constitution they funned
should not be repugnant to the principles of that
ordinance. What is true of the State of Indiana
is also true of the State of Ohio. The same pro-
vision was contained m the act to enable tho peo-
ple of the Territory of Ohio to form a constitution
and State government, passed Apiil 30th, 1802:
'* And shall foim loi the people of the >-aid State, a con-
stitution and State government: Piovidct/, The s;m e Mull
be republican, and not icpugnant to the oidinanee of tho
13th of July, 17K7, between tho ouguial States and the
people and States of the territory northwest of the «iv<-r
Ohio."
Why, Mr. President, it would hardly ho pos-
sible for a government to undergo a greater change
than this Government would undergo, if it were
to be the settled doctrine of any controllingtnbu-
nal or any controlling party in this country, that
this Government did not possess that power, which
is older than the Constitution; which they have
exercised from the adoption of the Constitution
down to the present day; which was adopted by
the almost unanimous Government of that day;
and which has been acquiesced in without a ques-
tion from that day to this. I desire to read to you
what was the action of the committee to whom
this petition of the people of Indiana was re- .
ferred. I will read from the report made by Mr. ;
Randolph, of Virginia, upon this very petition: I
" Mr. Randolph, from the committee to whom wore re-
ferred a letter trom William Henry Harrison, president of
the convention, held at Vinccnnes, dechmng the consent
of the people of Indiana to the suspension of the si\th arti-
cle of compact between the United States and the people
of that Territory—abo, a'memorial and petition of the in-
habitants of the %atd Territory—made the following rcpoit:
"That the rapid population of the State of Ohio suffi-
ciently evinces, in the opiniono{ your committee, that the
labor of slaves is not necessary to promote the growth and
settlement of colonies in that region. That this labor,
demonstrably the dearest of any, can only be employed to
advantage in the cultivation of products more valuable than
any known to that quarter of the United States; that the
committee deem it highly dangerous and inexpedient to
impair a provision wisely calculated to promote the happi-
ness and prosperity of the noithwestern country, and to
give strength and security to that extensive frontier. In
the salutaiy operation of this sagacious and benevolent re-
straint, it is believed that the inhabitants of Indiana will
at no very distant day, find ample remuneration for a tem-
porary piivation of labor and of emigration." *
And I would appeal to every citizen of Indiana,
and every man who was ever a citizen of Indiana,
if the history of that State has not demonstrated
the truth, the wisdom, the policy, and the hu-
manity of that report of Mr. Randolph. 1 con-
fess I was sorry to hear the Senator from Oregon
say, and it seemed to me almost with regret, that
this provision was adopted but with a very small
majority. He said it in a tone which seemed to
imply that in the bottom of his heart there was a
regret that that majority had not been so much
smaller that it might have been a minority.
Mr. LANE. I just gave the facts.
Mr. HALE. Ay, the facts. Yes, sir, he did
give the facts; but docs not the Senator know that
sometimes there is a great deal in tone, m empha-
sis, in the raising and falling of the voice — ay,
sir, in the very expression of the countenance ? I
am glad to see, if the Senator did utter this last
night so that it might seem to convey a regict,
that he was not willing to indorse that there was
any regret now.
Having put myself right upon these two points
of history, I desire to say one word more in re-
gard to this decision, and then I have done; for I
did not rise to make a speech, and do not intend
to do so. I say that the attempt to have it un-
derstood and received in the country that, by the
consent of tho country, this matter was submitted
to the judicial tribunals, and the judicial tribunals
have settled it so that it is to be the law, is, to my
mind, an atrocious attempt to gather from a snap
judgment of a tribunal consequences that were
never anticipated, never contemplated, never
thought of by the people of this country. If the
Supreme Court were a party to any such attempt
as that, I can tell that court, instead of injuring
the cause against which they have thundered their
judgment, they have hurt nobody and nothing but
their own reputation and standing in the country.
Nobody else is harmed a hair by it.
Every non-slavoholding State of this country,
by the action of their Legislatures, within the ten
years preceding that decision, pronounced its sol-
emn conviction that itwas not only the right but
the duty of Congress to protect the Territories of
(he United States fi om the introduction of slavery.
Upon that question, up to 1848, there was no di-
vision in these States. Whigs and Democrats con-
tended with each other to see which should be
foremost in the assertion of this great principle,
itwas believed to be one of the greatest ques-
tions that had ever engaged the attention of this
people; and so deeply was the public "heart moved,
and so widely had this principle been dissemi-
nated among them, that Whigs and Democrats
came together and, by one united and energetic
voice, pronounced the public judgment to be that
tho time had come when this power should be
exorcised for tho prevention of the spread of sla-
very into the Territories which had been acquired
by the war and treaty with Mexico. If there
ever was a sentiment approaching unanimity in
those States, that was it. So strong had it be-
come, that it not only was the unanimous expres-
sion of the free States, but it went over the line,
and one of the slaveholding States of this Union,
by their Legislature, pronounced sentiments sub-
stantially the same as those which had been pro-
mulgated by the free States. I am reminded by
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
that not once, but twice, had one of the slave
States done tho same thing.
Such being the state of the case, and the citi-
zens of those free States, without distinction of
party, looking upon this as the great contest of
the age, looking upon this controversy as the em-
bodiment of the antagonistic forces on the side of
freedom and of slavery; I say, looking upon this
contest as being one in which all these concen-
tered, do the Supreme Court of the United States
undertake to put a negro of Missouri, a slave of
Missouri, forward as the exponent and the cham-
pion of the great rights of the frog States by which
they were to be tried without their consent, with-
out their privity, or without their knowing any-
thing about it? Yes, sir, it is pretended that these
fifteen non-slaveholding States of the Union, the
immense popular majority represented in the res-
olutions that they had passed; all that they had
gained in all the controversies of past years and
past ages were to be put at stake in a suit brought
before the act was passed, and the rights of those
fifteen States represented in the person of a Mis-
souri slave; and that when that was settled, fif-
teen States were silenced, and they were bound
in honor to submit to the dicta of the Supreme
Court thus rendered!.
If the Supreme Court, or any other court under
heaven, undertake to give that effect and that
efficacy to that judgment, they will fail, utterly
fail;and they ought to fail. Why, sir, in any court
of law that ever I attended, if there is a suit pend-
ing between two parties, and it is intimated that
the rights of a third party may be brought into
question, or jeorparded, by the discussion or by
the decision, he is notified to come in and be heard
and dcfeijd and maintain his rights. Upon this con-
struction of the DredScottdecision, fifteen States
of this Union, their solemn and deliberate convic-
tions, their dearest principles, their sentiments for
which they have "been contending for years and
years, are all to be decided by this snap judgment,
in this suit, brought by a man who the court de-
cided was not competent to bring any suit at all,
and was not in court, and could not rightfully
maintain any standing m court. Yet, sir, upon
the appearance of this slave, who had no right to
come into court, and who was decided not to be
in court, it is pretended that the Supreme Court
of the United States adjudicated, so far as this
continent is concerned, for all time, this great
question, for which'the friends of freedom have
been so long contending. It is said that, in this
decision, thus rendered in a case thus made by
this individual who had no right to come into
court in the State of Missouri, the rights of these
fifteen States were adjudicated and determined.
Sii, the thing is monstrous, perfectly monstrous.
It never will go down, and it never can. The at-
tempt to settle this ques^n by any such moana
as that, only shows to what desperate remedies
extreme cases may resort, and by what desperate
arguments a feeble cause may attempt to maintain
itself.
Sir, there is no court and no caucus that can
settle this question. There is no court and no
caucus that can stand with its edict or its resolu-
tions in the way of the forces by which this ques-
tion is to be tried. It is the question of the age;
it is the question of humanity. 'It is a question
as old as civilizod government. It has been
tried on the battle-fields of England. It has had
its witnesses on the scaffold. It has been tried
in our own Revolution. It has been tried in all
the past. Wherever the friends of freedom have
unfurled their banner and stood for the right,
there tho question has been argued and tried,
which it is attempted now, by the aid of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, to skulk behind
this Missouri slave, and have thus decided. No,
sn ; it cannot be, and will not be. 1 tell the friends
of this Supreme Court now, as I said yesterday,
and as I repeat again and again, that thejr at-
tempt thus to bring in this court, to make them
stand in the breach, will not hurt this cause; but
it will overwhelm that court. They cannot stand
there. It is a place where they have no right to
be. They are not made for political stakeholders.
The intention of the Constitution, and the effort
of those who made the Constitution, was to re-
move these judges from all these scenes and all
this temptation; but the effort of the party that
now asserts this doctrine is to bring these judges
into the political arena, and, by the force of such
a decision as they have made, to make a judicial
opinion stand in the way of the march of free
principles, where armies, with all their efforts,
have been unable to stand.
There is no tribunal to which you can appeal
with safety, but to the intelligent tribunal of pub-
lic opinion. Argue your case theie, sir; and let
mo say when you undertake to fortify yourself
by authority or by precedent, the authorities and
the precedents are all the other way, from the
beginning of the Government down. This au-
thority has been exercised. It has been exer-
cised m the past. It is older than the Constitution.
The men who fought the Revolution, and carried
