3174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
' Now, thetij as to the coal. The titles are ac-
quired in this way: there are no inhabitants on
any of the lands. A few of the coast Indians arc
settled there; and on the oppositeside there is a set-
tlement of about thirty Englishmen, who have
been there looking this mutter over. These are the
settlements; and the great mail of Granada, we
are told, is carried over this route, where persons
on one side cannot, any of them, either read or
write—a great mail! Now, look at these harbors
which this railroad is to connect.
Speaking from the map furnished by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, here
[indicating it on the map] is the Isthmus of Chi-
riqui. Here is one of these harbors; and there,
on the other side, is the harbor of Golfito. Here,
at right angles with both, or rather, forming an
equilateral triangle, is the city of David, more
than one hundred miles from the harbor of Gol-
fito; and this road, which the gentleman tells us
is about to unite these two harbors, is further by
the map at its southern terminus from the harbor
of Golnto than it is across the isthmus. There-
fore it is that I put in my substitute that they
shall establish their route and build their railroad 1
to the harbor of Golfito. The concession to
Thompson, under which they claim, starts this
road at David, the capital of the province; it does
not touch the harbor of Gulfito; nnd no survey
has been made of that route by competent engi-
neers, the result of which has been given to us;
and yet, upon such a case as this, we are to sane- j
don an ill-advised, if not a corrupt, contract of the (
Secretary of the Navy, to build a road to carry j
the munitions and troops of the United States
over a peaceful country against the very letter of
the grant under wluch you claim.
Besides the grant which forbids the use of
this road by the troops of a foreign country, it is
expressly declared in the eighteenth article of the
grant that Mr. Thompson may transfer his rights
under the concession to individuals or companies;
but he shall not transfer any of them to a foreign
Government. And yet, in the face of both these
prohibitions against any right which we could
acquire under that concession, the Secretary of
the Navy m$kes a contract, and asks Congress to
approve it, and to allow him to pay $300,000 for
the right of searching for coal where a coal mine
nev£r was opened, where no ton of coal ever was
raised to the surface, and where no sensible man
who will examine the report of the company's
own engineer upon the subject will say that there
is any probability, if there is any possibility, of
furnishing coal to our Navy. And if this Gov-
ernment sends provisions and men and ships to
open a coal mine in youth America, there is not
a child capable of reading his letters who does
not know that every ton of coal that this Govern-
ment, on its own responsibility, mines there will
cost at least $250.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORSE sought the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for a
vote on my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate upon
this amendment in five minutes.
Mr. MOUSE. I desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I hope my colleague will not
close debate so soon, i do not understand this
subject, and I wish to hear it discussed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I do not think
it would be fair to close debate now, when the
action of the majority of the Committee onNaval
Affairs has been so liercely assailed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdraw my
motion,
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania desires a vote on his amendment, I sug-
gest to him that he withdraw it for the present
and let the debate go on, so that we may under-
stand something of the merits of this proposition,
and then he can renew it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Gentlemen
desiring to debate can just as well move to amend
the original substitute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from Now York [Mr. Sedgwick] offered a
substitute for the Senate amendment. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste\ens] has
offered an amendment to his amendment. Now,
I submit that it is in order to perfect the Senate
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No such suggestion has
yet reached the Chair. #
Mr. MORSE. If the Chair will entertain a
motion of that kind, I move to perfect the Senate
amendment by increasing the appropriation $500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
such motion is in order.
Mr. MORSE. I trust, sir, that this great meas-
ure, the full magnitude of which the House do
not seem to comprehend, is not to be killed by
the keen satire or merciless ridicule of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] nor be
overthrown by the intemperate zeal of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick.] This is
a question which ought to raise men above that
mode of attack generally resorted to by those who
have nothing better to stand uoon. It is a ques-
tion which addresses itself to the practical com-
mon sense and to the fhirness and judgment of
men, and not to their prejudice and passions. I
hope, sir, that, although the gentleman from New
York may attempt to raise a laugh against this
measure by his fancy picture of mule transporta-
tion, the members of this House will not be led
astray by his imaginary difficulties or by his
misstatements of the terms 6f the contract and
land grants The gentleman tells lis the eigh-
teenth article of the contract forbids him (Thomp-
son) from selling out his contract to build the
road to any foreign Government; and then goes
on to try to fix the conviction on the House that
Thompson has sold out to the United States, or
made a conditional contract to do so. I am un-
able to understand how the gentleman can tor-
ture the language of the contract into such a mean-
ing. Nobody that I ever heard of pretends that
lie has any such right. The language of the con-
tract and the law of nations forbid such u sale.
One nation has no right to march its troops over
the soil of another nation without the consent of
that nation. T have never heard that the Chiriqui
company or Mr. Thompson deny this principle,
and I am utterly at a loss to know where the gen-
tleman gets any authority forhisstatement. Here
is this famous eighteenth article he talks so much
about:
" Akt. 18. A. W, Thompson is fully authorized to trans-
fer tlie intoicht, ptupertjea ami privileges which by
this grant lie receives to any poison o  persons, company
or companies, with the sole condition that the toad bhall
be imptoved; but in no case can he transfer it to any foreign
(JovctnuK'nt,"
Who proposes to do any thing against the spirit
or letter of this article? Does Mr. Thompson
propose to transfer the franchise of his road, or
any of the rights acquired from the province of
Chiriqui to the United States orany other foreign
Government? Nothing of the kind. He has only
contracted to permit the United States to transport
certain things over his road for a consideration.
If the United States ever want to send troops or
munitions of war over the soil of New Granada,
on this road, to California, or any wheie else, they
have two patties to treat with, and must obtain
the consent of both. They have arranged for
transportation over the road, when built, not to
acquire any right of property in the road, but
merely the privilege of transporting certain things
and persons over it. But before the United States
can use the right acquired of the Chiriqui company
for war purposes, the consent of the Government
of New Granada must be obtained, and this is the
other thing to be done after the road is ready for
use. I take it for granted that the Government
of the United States knows that; that they are
not uttcily ignorant of the great law which gov-
erns the intercourse between civilizcd States, and
we have no right to presume that there is a delib-
erate purpose to set it aside; but when the road is
ready for use, and our Government wants to send
troops or munitions of war over it, the consent of
New Granada, by treaty, will first be obtained.
This consent is absolutely required bv the Senate
amendment, which is precisely the House bill,
which I drew and reported to the House. The
fourth section reads as follows:
The United States shall acquit c no i Ight of sovereignty
over any terntoiy in New Granada, nor any right to trans-
port troops or munitions of war over such territory, under
ui by virtue of this act, unless the same be voluntarily con-
sented to by tins act."
The first step to be taken was to arrange for
Navy transportation; the second, if ever wanted,
will be to obtain the consent of New Granada to
pass troops and munitions of war over her soil.
We cannotobtain a single foot of soil over which
her sovereignty extends to land coal upon, with-
out her consent. Now, what has become of the
gentleman's argument, or rather assertion, that the
company has sold out to the United States?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] tells us there are no harbors there; that
they are mere inlets or creeks. I am surprised at
this assertion. The gentleman cannot have given
the slightest attention to the subjcct. Has he ever
examined the English and French charts of those
harbors, or read the reports made on them to the
English and French Governments? Let me tell
him that Admiral Barnet, of the English navy,
was there in a ship-of-war for two or three months,
and made a minute survey of the entire harbor,
which is over thirty miles long by eight or ten
wide, and full of interior harbors, where the largest
class ships may lie in perfect safety. The depth
of water through the main passage is twenty
fathoms, or one hundred and twenty feet, and its
average depth throughout the main harbor is over
twelve fathoms, and at many points the largest
ships may lie in safety alongside the banks. The
truth is, it is one of the best harbors in the world.
The map published with the majority report is a
copy of Captain Barnet's map, of which I have
a London copy ordered to be published by act of
Parliament. The truth is, there is no such har-
bor on the coast of Central America, and for
commercial purposes, nothing that approaches it.
Golfito, on the Pacific coast, the other terminus
of the company's road, is also a fine deep-water
harbor, though not so capacious as the Chiriqui
lagoon, on the Atlantic side. It is, according to
the survey of Captains Colambel and Lalhen,
French naval officers, six miles long by one and
a half wide, with an entrance about half a mile
wide, where the water is over sixty feet in depth,
with a sufficient depth throughout nearly all its
interior for the largest class vessel. In several
places there is found from three to five fathoms
close to the shore. A careful survey of this har-
bor was made by Captains Colambel and Lallien
by order of the French Government, and their
report and chart published. Admiral Pelian was
afterwards sent there, and fully confirmed the
survey and statements of Colambel and Lallien.
Their reports and the report of Captain Barnet to
their Governments arc published with the report
of the majority, and gentlemen can examine them
if they are so disposed. An English engineer has
also made a reconnoissance for a road across the
continent between the two harbors, and reports
to his Government that a railroad can be easily
run across from shore to shore, of an easy grade,
without extensive cutting or expensive bridging.
Lieutenant Almy, of the United States Navy,
visited the Chiriqui lagoon in the steamer Ful-
ton, in 1858, by order of our Government. He
says, in his report, that " an unlimited number of
vessels of the largest class can be anchored there
at any and all times in perfect safety." He con-
firms all that Captain Barnet says of the harbor,
and calls his chart an admirable one. He also
took coal from the mines of the lagoon, and had
it tested on board his ship; and the engineers say
it is a "pure coal—semi-bituminous—similar to
the Indiana cannel."
But, sir, it is a full and sufficient answer to all
objections that not one cent of the sum appropri-
ated is to be paid until the Govei nment is satisfied
of the complete and perfect title to the mines, and
that the coal in them is of the desirable quality,
and abundant in quantity. It is idle, therefore,
to cavil about titles, and reject this measure of
public economy and necessity on the suspicion
that the title may prove defective. The bill pro-
vides against any possibility of loss on the part
of the Government.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I jvish to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. Chairman, I did not propose to take part
in this discussion, preferring to leave it in the
hands of the able chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee, who is more fully posted upon the subject,
and has given it a great deal of attention, ana on
whose sound judgment in the premises I have
very much relied; but I happen to be one of the
committee who assented to the majority report
submitted by my friend from Maine; and the
.character of the aebate that has sprung up makes
me unwilling to remain silent when the action
