1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
128*
This is the case having the consent of the parties
in it which has so haunted the sitting member that
he thinks it exists in all the cases. With the con-
sent of the parties, evidence was to bo taken in
each county of said State by a commission named,
or in the manner prescribed.
The case of Rutherford against Daniel Morgan,
of Virginia, came up in the first session of the
Fifth Congress. The committee reported the
manner and mode of taking testimony, precisely
as in the former case referred to, cxcept with this
addition: that notice should be given by the peti-
tioner to the sitting member, &c.
There are in this book some six other cases, I
think, precisely like the one here before the
House at this time; but \ will not consume my
time or your patience in reading 'them. But it
will be found from them that we have followed
the general provisions of the rule and method of
taking testimony that were laid down more than
fifty years ago.
Besides these cases, there are in the book half
a dozen other cases, where it does not appear,
one way or the other, whether the testimony was
taken before or after the meeting of Congress.
In the cases cited by the sitting member in his
brief, it appears that testimony was taken before-
hand, in some of them, according to the manner
prescribed by State law; in some cases by agree-
ment of the parties; and in other cases by docu-
mentary and voluntary evidence produced before
the committee; and further testimony was or-
dered.
I have investigated all the cases quoted in the
book before me, and, so far as I have been able
to learn from that investigation, there is not a sol-
itary case where a man who came here charging
that a member whose seat be contested held that
seat by fraud, and asking for a commission to
take testimony which he had been unable to take,
was turned out of doors and refused the investi-
gation, on the ground that he had not already
taken testimony"he was asking for a commission
to take.
Mr. GARTRELL. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has callcd the attention
of the House to two cases. The first is the case
ofDavid Ramsey against William Smith, of South
Carolina. The gentleman's proposition is, that
no case can be shown where fraud had been alleged,
as in the case now before the House, and where
the House refused the investigation asked for.
The gentleman reads the case of Ramsey against
Smith The sole question in that case was, whether
Smith was a citizen or not. The point of fraud
was not made. There was no necessity for a no-
tice, nor for a process to compel the attendance
of witnesses, or anything of tiiat sort. It was a
simple constitutional question, submitted to the
House, as to whetherthe sitting member was qual-
ified to take his seat.
Now as to the second case, in order to show
the snap-judgment which the gentleman from
Massachusetts would take in this matter. The
second is the New Jersey case. The head-note is:
" Tile election of the delegation from tliia State appeals
to hnve been contorted on the giound of some alleged in-
formality or corruption, but of what precise nature cannot
be learned from any accessible source, as the facts were
not repotted by the committee, and do not appear in the
Journal of the House "
The gentleman from Massachusetts citcs this
second case where the committee did not report
the facts, and where neither the House nor the
gentleman, with his very luminous mind, arc able
to discover what the facts were. There may have
been, or there may not have been, notice. These
are the cases on which the gentleman, in his ok-
truimty, lclies to sustain his position.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Georgia
is pleased to call the citation of authorities which
I have made here, at his own request, an attempt
on my part to procure a snap-judgment Hav-
ing invited me to that task, and having listened to
what I was pleased to say as to the fruit of my
investigation, the gentleman has no other partic-
ular answer than^to pronounce it a snap-judg-
mcnt. The gentleman defied us, in his speech, to
produce a case (and he gave us a specified time in
which lo do it) where a man came to the House
of Representatives with his petition, without hav-
ing given previous notice, and asked for a com-
mission to t-ike. testimony, and was permitted to
do so. To that challenge I was replying. I cited
*o the gentleman case after case, without regard
to what were the merits of the allegations, al-
though, perhaps, I could accommodate him as to
that.
In the case of Rutherford against Daniel Mor-
gan, in the Fifth Congress, the head-note is thus:
'' The petitioner made general allegations that illegal votes
had been received in favor of the sitting member, and that
bribery and corruption had been resorted to."
That was the allegation in that case. There the
committee reported to the House a plan for taking
testimony, and a commission was sent out.
When the commission and the proofs came in,
they failed to sustain the charge of bribery, and
the petitioner—after having been heard, not be-
fore, as is proposed by the gentleman from Geor-
gia—had leave to withdraw his petition. I hope
I have satisfied my friend from Georgia, and I
hope he will not be in trouble now about any
" snap-judgment" on my part.
Now, sir, I want, in passing, to allude to the
very forcible remarks made by the sitting mem-
ber, when quoting from the report made by .the
majority of the committee in another case. With-
out troubling myself to allude much to the pro-
priety of discussing the merits of that case before
the case itself comes up—without complaining, in
behalf of Cooper or Howard, that their case is
being discussed before it comes up here regu-
larly—I feel authorized to respond to the sitting
member's invitation to explain why it is that we
use the language which he has quoted in that re-
port, and yet claim further time for the contestant
m thts case. Has he failed to understand that we
put this case upon the fact that it was impossible
forthe contestant to obtain process of court? Docs
he not understand, at this late day, that we put
this case upon the ground that the contestant un-
derstood, and his counsel understood and believed,
and lawyers to this day believe, that they could
not be brought within that statute? Docs he not
read in this very report of ours in this case, that
we consider the law of 1^51 a wholesome rule, to
be abided by, and not to be departed from except
for good cause? When we look into the Howaid
and Cooper case, we find that there is no good
cause for departing from it in that ca«e. In brief,
sir, that case is within the statute of 1851. Both
parties admit that it is. Howard's notice was
served upon Cooper; Cooper answered m the
given time. There were sixty days to take testi-
mony. While Howard was taking ins testimony
in Michigan, thesittmgmembcr was here in Wash-
ington, not a member of this House, but herb in
Washington, enjoying the olium cum dignitatc
which follows so quickly upon the election of a
man the first time to a seat in this House, with-
out paying the slightest attention to the contest, or
to the talnng of testimony in Michigan, except to
employ counsel there, who appeared, and cross-
examined every one of the witnesses produced
by the contestant, but took no testimony of his
own.
After the sitting member had enjoyed the ease
which is afforded to newly-elected members here
in this city, he went oil down to New Jersey, and
never got'back till May. He must excuse me for
alluding to the case under these circumstances.
He stated to the committee that when he got back
in May he inquired of his counsel how the con-
testant had come out, and his counsel told him
that, in their opinion, he had not made out any-
thing, and therefore he did not trouble himself
more about the matter until October. Under these
circumstances, he appeared before the committee
for a hearing upon the merits, and said he wanted
a week's time to send to his lawyerto spe whether
it was best to ask for time to take testimony. At
the end of the week lie nsked for time, and, under
these circumstances, the committer believed that,
having been able to avail himself of the law of
1851, and having employed an attorney to appear
and cross-examine witnesses, and having made
up his mind, upon inquiry of his attorney, that
there was nothing to answer, the committee
thought that he had been guilty of laches. Sir,
we stand by that report, and we stand by this.
I am invited, however, bythese remarks of the
sitting member, to cite from another paper accom-
panying that report. I understood the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Gartrell] and the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Gilmlii] to say yester-
day and they arc so reported—that the statute
of "1851 was obligatory upon us; so binding that
we were not at liberty to depart from it. It is the
claim of the majority of the committee that it is
directory only, prescribing a-salutary and whole-
some rule; but a rule which may be departed from,
and ought to be departed from, whenever the ends
of justice require it. I am happy to find that men'
in \Vhom I have all confidence agree with tne in
that conclusion. I would read for the benefit of
the sitting member, and of his colleague on the
other side, [Mr. John Cochrane,! what I firid
here in the minority report in the Michigan case:
" The act of 1851, although a salutary nile of action for
the regulation of contested elections, which should be
served, as far as practicable, has by frequent decisions of
this House been declared to be directory only. The express
piovisions of the act itself contemplate the taking of all
supplementary evidence on the side of either party when-
ever, in the opinion of the House, the purity, safety, and
freedom of popular elections shall demand, or the ends of
substantial justice require it.
Whenever any application for further time is made to
this tribunal by any party, it will hardly be denied that the
Houee of Representatives will look into all the facts and
circumstances attendant upon such application, and exer-
cise a reasonable and salutary discretion in grantiug or re-
fusing it."
A Member. Wfyo signed that?
Mr. DAWES. It was signed by my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Gartrell,] on my left, by
the learned chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, [Mr. Gilmer,] by Mr. Stevenson, and by-
Mr. Boyce. I agree with them heartily. That
is the construction of the statute which I tried to
enforce upon the House yesterday, and almost In
the same language.
Now, sir, the sitting member has seen occasion
to comment severely upon the language of the
majority of the committee in this report, and to
say, with an air of indifference, that, whatever
might be thought by others of the propriety of
taking the position he did upon this (juestton,
when an allegation of fraud is made against him,
he believed it the proper course for him to resort
to all the methods that he has resorted to in this
case. He is pleased to call it an " impertinent
attack" upon liis right to his scat in this House.
He lias stated, and so have the minority of the
committee, that there is not an allegation of fraud
on the part of the petitioner; and therefore I in-
vite the House to turn with me to the petition,
and see what the contestant does allege. The
petition will be found on the 7th page of this doc-
ument, No. 80.
The contestant states that—
" lie has been informed by various persona, and verily
believes, that a large number of the. votes wlucli purport lo
have been given or c;i:t i'or the said Daniel E. Sickles,and
which weie officially returned and counted for him, and
allowed to him by the said board of county canvassers, and
which form a pari of the aforesaid number of three thou-
sand one hundred and seventy-six votes or ballots, were
illegal votes introduced Into the ballot-boxes surreptitiously
and fraudulently by the said Sickles, or by others with bis
knowledge or consent, or by others of their own accord,
with the" intent of, and for the purpose of, defeating tile
true expression of the intention and wishes of the legal
voters or electors of the said disti iet, and of securijip: or ap-
pearing to secure the return or election of the said aiclsiest
to your honorable body fraudulently and corruptly."
That he believes and alleges, and is prepared to
show—
" That in the fiveelcction districtsof the first ward ofthe
city ot New York, which u a portion of the said third con-
pre'&Monal district, ballots or votes were surreptitiously and
fraudulently intioduced into the ballot boxes thcreof,which
said ballot> had on them the name ofthe &aid Sickles as such
Representative as aforesaid, such ballots being to the num-
ber of about twenty iu each district, and were eounted and
officially allowed by the inspectors ol election having
charge and lrsjM control of *atd ballot boxes, for and on be-
half of said Sickles, and that such ballots were made to
form a part ofthe ivhoh* number of votes leturned and pur-
poitmtrio have been east lor him,
" That a iaige number of soldiers in the service of the
United States, collected from different paits ofthe country,
and who were then stationed at Fort or Castle William,
located on an island near the city of New York, east bal-
lots or voted for the said Sickles m the said first and other
ward* composing the said dt&tiict, and that Mich soldiers
were not legal voteis of, nor entitled to vote m, the baid
congressional district.
£< That about thirty or forty soldiers in the service of the
United States, who had been collected at the United States
barrack? at No. 139 Hudson -troot, in the city of Now Yoik,
from different part* ofthe country, preparatory to being sent
to Carlisle, Pennsylvania, voted or east ballots for the said
Sickle* in the fifth and inothci waids within said congres-
sional district, and that tlieii vote* or ballots were received
by the inspector* of election, and allowed and returned
among the votes certified by them as having been cast lor
the said Sickles, and form :i part of the  aid number 0J
votes which it i^ officially claimed that lie received at the
said election. That the said soldier-* ware not legal voter*
of, noi entitled to fast ballots 111, said congressional dis
trim; and that the fcaid Sickle-., or agents in his beiiaif,
employed vauom person-;, to the number ot eighteen and
upwards, to illegally ea^t ballots or votes for lam m earn
district, and that such por*ons on various occasions ana m
