1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
us through the contingencies of that seven years'
war, much as they wanted a Federal Constitution,
which should consolidate us, and give us peace
at home, and protection from abroad, were more
anxious to establish this anti-stavery ordinance
for this Territory than they were to get a Federal
Constitution; and it is not strange that they were
so. The great author of the Declaration of I nde-
pendence had promulgated great, eternal princi-
ples, which have made his name immortal, and
which will live as long as liberty or the history of it
lives; and to the maintenance of those principles
he had pledged life, fortune, and honor. As soon
as that contest was over, he began, in 1784, to
redeem the pledge which he had made to heaven
and earth, to be true to the principles he had there
avowed; and he commenced with the ordinance of
1784, which finally terminated in the ordinance of
1787. He began not only with a provision that
slavery should be prohibited from all the teri-
tories we then owned, but in his mind it assumed
broader dimensions; and hisproposition was, that
it should be excluded, not only from the Terri-
tory we then owned, but from all that we might
thereafter acquire. He failed; but his was a
courage that survived defeat, and it acquired vic-
tory; and there is no other courage that ever will
get a victory. A courage that survives defeat;
that does not give way to despair, but constantly
looks for hope; that is the courage that finally
achieves success. That is the reason we are go-
ing to triumph in this election. There is no doubt
of it. The purpose of Providence and way of
Providence are to try a great and good cause by
defeat. That is the history of Protestant liberty
in Europe. Read the history of the formation of
the Dutch Republic, under that great hero, that
great champion of-civil and religious liberty, the
founder of that Republic. How did he succoed ?
lie succeeded by constant defeat.
Mr. PUGH. You will be defeated.
Mr. HALE. We have had our defeat.
Mr. PUGH. Oh, no.
Mr. HALE. Oh, yes; we have had.
Sir, that is the way he succeeded; by defeat.
That is the way Washington succeeded ;by defeat.
He never gained a great battle. He succeeded
by defeat; by the constancy and the courage of
his naked, barefooted soldiers, who were equally
confident in retreat as in advance.
Well, sir, Mr. Jefferson had that sort of cour-
age. His proposition failed; but it was renewed
and renewed and renewed; and in 1787 this ordi-
nance was adopted; and then, and not till then, was
the Constitution formed. They adopted the or-
dinance first, and the Constitution afterwards.
When the Federal Constitution was adopted, and
the men that formed it were members of the first
Federal Congress that met under it, what was
the very first act they did ? Among the very first
acts of that First Congress, George Washington
being President, was this famous net of 1789,
which was passed for the express and avowed
purpose of making this ordinance of 1787 per-
petual, and amending it so that by its terms it
might be applicable to the new state of things
which existed under the Federal Constitution.
That that was the purpose and object of it can-
not be denied, except by sophistry; for it stands
written in the plainest terms, that it was for the
purpose of giving full effect to this ordinance that
that act was passed. Who were the men that
passed it? They were the very men that framed
the Constitution itself. If anybody will take the
trouble to look over the two Journals, they will
find, I think, at least seventeen members of that
Congress, who were also members of the con-
vention. They were such men as Roger Sher-
man, Rufus King, and Elbridge Gerry, George
Washington himself being president of the con-
vention and President of the United States.
Sir, that fact cannot be blotted out. It has re-
mained upon your statute-book and been enacted
and reenacled, over and over again, down as late
as 1854. This power has been exerciscd unques-
tioned by anybody; and in these territorial laws
you will find that the yeas and nays were not
even called; they were passed without a division.
I know it has been said—the Senator from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] said it two or three times—
that they did not apply the ordinance to all the
Territories. I know that perfectly well; but it is
enough for the argument if they applied it at all.
If they applied it to a single Territory, it showed
that they had the power; and if nobody ques-
tioned its application to a single Territory, then
the power itself was unquestioned.
Now, sir, I have said what I have said, not for
the purpose of enlightening anybody here—I do
not expect, and do not want to do so—I had no
such idea when I got up; but I have sometimes
been afraid that, by the constant repetition of these
fallacies and these sophistries and these state-
ments, somebody somewhere might by some pos-
sibility be deceived. I enter my protest in the
first place, against what is alleged to be the fact,
that we ever agreed to submit this case to the
Supreme Court. I never agreed to it. The peo-
ple I represent never agreed to it. The party
with whom I act never agreed to it. I do not
know but that I may be a little mistaken when I
speak of parties. I do not know but that the
Senator from Oregon misled me a little. He did,
and I hope he will explain. I will tell him where
he misled me. He said that that petition to which
I alluded, from the Territory of Indiana, for the
suspension of the anti-slavery ordinance, was
signed by that great hero who was made Pres-
ldentof the United States by the same party that
are now trying to elect their candidate m opposi-
tion to the Democratic party. I think that is
what lie said.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President—:—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield to the Senator
from Oregon?
Mr. HALE. Certainly; with great pleasure.
Mr. LANE. I supposed the Senator called
upon me. I will not disturb him at all. 1 do not
want to, do so.
Mr. HALE. I will hear anything the Senator
may have to say. I was only alluding to what
he said.
Mr. LANE. 1 remarked, sir, that slavery ex-
isted m Indiana by virtue of the enactments of the
Legislative Assembly of that Territory, and that
fora series of years itexisted. Indeed, until 1850,
slaves were held there under the law of the Legis-
lative Assembly, that indentured them for ninety-
nine years. ' I stated a fact in vindication of the
truth of history merely; and that was, that slavery
had been introduced into that Territory mainly
through the influence of a great chief who was
afterwards taken up and elected President of the
United States by a portion of the party that now
have it in contemplation to elect the nominee of
the Chicago convention; and the Senator says
they will do it; but I think, with all respect to tlie
Senator, nobody will believe that statement..
It may be proper for me to state here, ill order
that I may not do injustice to the memory of
General Harrison, that he believed the ordinance
of 1787 was not valid; that the Government had
no right to restrict the people in the exercise of
their rights, or in thejr right to bo protected in
their property. Ho invited the people of Ken-
tucky and Virginia, and other southern States, to
go to Indiana with slave property; and pointed
out the great advantage they would enjoy over
any other portion of the country, by the rich soil
of that country, together with the facilities of
navigation—the Ohio, and Wabash, and White
rivers—that would enable them to carry their
produce directly to market at New Orleans; in
other words, that slave labor would pay bctter
there than where it was thenemployed. As shown
by the Senator himself, many persons acted upon
the advice, of that distinguished man; brought
their slaves into Indiana; and after Congress had
refused to extend the right to them, or to abrogate
the ordinance of 1787 for ten years, a committee j
was appointed of all the citizens of the then Tcr- |
ritory to wait upon General Harrison, and to i
learn of him what his views were when lie invited i
them there with their slave property. IIe_ told
them duectly—it is all a matter of history—that
they had no reason to fear for the safety of their
property. Though Congress had refused to abro-
gate the ordinance of 1787, he had no respect for
it; it was not good law; that they had the right
to protect their property; and at his instance the
Legislative Assembly passed the law that I sp'oke
of yesterday, authorizing the indenturing of slaves
for ninety-nine years. It provided further, should
any slave refuse to indenture himself as provided
by law, that the owner should have a given time
—very sufficient time for the purpose—to take
his property out of thatTerritory to a slave State.
I mention these things as matters of history; as
matters that the Senator ought to know, that the
people of Indiana did not regard the ordinance of
1787 as restricting them in thwight to protect
property; that they did protect property; that it
was brought about through the intervention of this
great and good man that I have mentioned—one
who took much pains in building up the settle-
ments in that then wilderness portion of our coun-
try. I then went on to say that when the State
constitution was formed the prohibition of slavery
was approved by a very small majority. I did
not mention it with regret at all. I did not feel
any sorrow at their having made it a free State.
It was their privilege to make it so, and with their
action I was satisfied. 1 have never felt any regret
on the subject. She has flourished, improved, and
prospered, and become one of the great States of
this country; but I am not prepared to say it was
by virtue of free labor. That is a matter which 1
will not discuss. I mention these things that the
Senator may understand the truth of history, and
that I may be vindicated from having felt a deep
regret at the people of Indiana having made it a
free State. I never felt any regret on that subject
at all.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have but very
little to add. I do not pretend to be versed in all
the laws of the Territories or of the States, but I
will mention this fact: it is very singular indeed,
if General Harrison thought this ordinance of
1787 was invalid, or this particular provision of
it was invalid, that he should have joined the
Senate and House of Representatives of thatTer-
ritory in an humble petition and memorial to Con-
gress to relieve them from the operation of it for
ten years—for that is what he did, and the petition
is signed by " William Henry Harrison, presi-
dent and delegate from the county of Knox."
These memorialists do not talk as if they were
remonstrating against a law that they believed to
be unconstitutional and void, but they talk in this
way: " Your memorialists, therefore, humbly
pray the Congress of the United States" to do so
and so:
" The memorial and petition of the inhabitants of Indiana
Territory rcspccttully showetti:
" That niii'' tenths of your memorialists being of opinion
that the sixth article of compact contained in the ordinance
for the government of the Territory"—
Is what? Void, unconstitutional,one that they
had no right to make? No, sir; no such thing;
but—
"has been extremely prejudicial to their interest and wel-
fare, requested the Governor, by petitions from each of the
sevciai counties, to call a general convention of the Ter
ritory, for the pin pose of taking the sense of the whole peo-
ple, by their representatives, on a subject to tiiein so inter-
esting, and of afterwards taking such measure as to them
might seem meet, by petition to your honorable bodies, not
only for obtaining the repeal or suspension of the said ar-
ticle of compact, but also for that of representing and pe-
titioning for the passage of such other laws as would, in
the opinion of tile convention, be conducive to the general
weltare, population, and happiness of this distant and un-
represented portion of the United States.
" Tins convention is now sitting at Vincennes, and have
agreed to make tiie following repiescalation to the Con-
gress of the United States, not in the least doubting but
that everything they can desire (not prejudicial to the Con-
stition or to the interest of the General Government) will
readily be granted them."
And then the petition covers several pages; but
there is not an intimation that it is inconsistent
with the Constitution. I leave the recorded action
of the delegates, of the Senate, and of the Gov-
ernor, in this humble memorial, to stand, and
stand forever, as cvidcnce of how they looked
upon it.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator would look at the
subsequent action, he would see that they did just
as I stated.
i Mr. HALE. It may be so. I have not got it
' here. I am only speaking by the book I have
! before me. There is one other subject I wish to
j allude to, in connection with this ordinance, and
I then I shall not trouble the Senate longer.
| AgreatdeaLhas been said, on former occasions,
j about the fact that this ordinance of 1787,after it
! prohibited and forbade slavery in the Territory
j northwest of the Ohio river, also contained in it
I a provision for the return of fugitive slaves. That
| is true, sir; but I want to call the attention—I had
almost said of the Senate, but I do not want to
call their attention to anything—but I want to call
the attention of the country to the fact that the
sixth article of the ordinance of 1787, providing
for the return of fugitive slaves, confined it to
