1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the majority of the committee is so sharply
attacked.
The whole matter of this conditional contract,
made by the Navy Department after an opinion
from the Attorney General, was before the com-
mittee for some time, and received a full consid-
eration; and a majority of us concluded that it
recommended itself to the favorable consideration
of the House, both in itseconomicalpointofview,
as to coal for our Gulf squadrons, as in its far
more significant suggestions of commercial and
political consequences.
Now, sir, under these circumstances, 1 am not
willing that a question we have presented to the
House in obedience to our honest judgment and
conclusions, shall be ridden over in the spirit and
style in which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sedgwick] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] have attempted to over-
ride this proposition; and one of them, I fancy,
without any particular examination of the sub ject.
I would like to know, in passing, if the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania has examined the
subject at all, or ever read any of the reports and
documents in the case; for I am curious to find
from what sources gentlemen have possessed
themselves of information I venture to say they
have never discovered in the evidence in the case.
We thought, sir, that we were presenting to the
consideration o'f an American Congress a question
that involved great commercial interests, and was
pregnant with important advantages in the future,
we thought, sir, that we opened to commercial
enterprise another opportunity for transit from
ocean to ocean across the isthmus, which, under
the control of our own people and the fostering
care of our own Government, would prove an-
other pathway for that great Indian trade which
built up, in all their magnificence, so many of the
States and cities of the Old World, and which
still transmutes all that it touches into gold. We
did not expect, sir, that a report upon such a sub-
ject would be met in this House with embittered
attack and ridicule; but assumed that it would be
considered as legislators are bound to consider
grave questions aflecting seriously the great com-
mercial interests of their country.
I greatly regret that we have no opportunity to
debate this question with the gentlemen who so
fiercely oppose it. It cannot be discussed in the
range of a five-minutes debate. The question is
too large; but in the brief time I have, I will ex-
amine one or two points, at least, upon which it
is assailed. The gentleman from New York in-
sists that this company is without valid title to
the lands in connection with which they propose
to make these grants of right to the United States.
I can only say, in answer to this, that the Attor-
ney General examined all the title-papers, and
gave it as his opinion that they had title, and
could pass it. In his letter of the 4th May, lfci59,
to the Secretary of the Navy, he refers to a pre-
vious letter of March 14, in which he had ex-
pressed an opinion upon partial evidence, and
says:
" Upon a reexamination of this title In the light of the
new evidence winch accompanies your la%t letter, I think
the objections foimetly existing may now be considered as
disposed of. The Chuiqui Improvement Company shows
that it was organized; the oiigmal giantfrom the province
is produced, and authenticated ; and the right of the prov-
ince to make, and the capacities of the grantees to take, the
grants in question, arc established by the ceitificate of the
New Granadian minister at Washington."
All the original grants wore before our commit-
tee, fully attested as to authenticity and validity;
and we concurred in the conclusions of the law
officer of the Government. They are spread out
in the majority report, and I hope gentlemen will
look into them for themselves.
But the gentleman from New York insists that j
they have no scintilla of title, and urges as utterly
demolishing the company and all their claims, that
this Government cannot, without a violation of
the law of nations, hold these rights in a foreign
territory, without the assent of such foreign na-
tion, and so fortifies himself upon that point by
quoting from the letter of the Attorney General
his opinion on the seventh of his previous objec-
tions. Now, if the Attorney General is authority
on one point, he is on another. If the gentleman
relies upon him, and quotes him to the committee
in one portion of the opinion, then I shall insist
that he is conclusive authority on all the other
points lie makes, at least as against the gentleman
from New York. The objections the.Attorney
General had on the 14th of March, 1859, and the
gentleman from New York still urges, are first:
" 1. There was not sufficient evidence that the impiove-
ment company had been chartered and organized."
The Attorney General says, May 4, 1859, there
is sufficient evidence of the fact.
"2. There was no authentic copy of any grant by the
province of Chiriqui to the impioveinent company."
He now admits that there is, and that under
the authentication of the minister of New Gran-
ada,
" 3. There was no evidence that the sovereign power, in
which the property vested by public law, had ceded it to
the province of Chinqui."
He finds, on reexamining the case under the
later evidence, that both points are sustained by it.
"4. There was no evidence of any law authorizing for-
eigners to hold property lilje tins."
The proof of this he also admits to be sufficient.
"5. The mining rights* did not appear to have been de-
nounced under the sanction either of the supreme Govern-
ment of New Granada or the Government of Panama."
But it seems that they were so denounced.
C£6. No copy of the constitution was produced, nor any
othei authority shown to the provincial Legislature of Chu-
iqui, either to authorize a denouncement of the mining
lights, to concede the lands, or grant the puvilegeof a road-
way acioss the isthmus."
But the new evidence fully covers these points
also; and the Attorney General says that" these
six objections, formerly existing, may now be con-
sidered as disposed of," and " m the light of the
new evidence," (the same evidence that was be-
fore the Naval Committeeand the gentleman from
New York,) the Attorney General goes on to
say that but one difficulty intervened, in which
alone he agrees with the gentleman from New
York; which is, " that the United States cannot
take exclusive possession of the property with-
out the consent of the New Granadian Govern-
ment." And the gentleman fiom New York an-
nounces tins objection as an insuperable one.
Now, it happens rather strangely that thus soli-
tary point of agreement in objection between the
Attorney General and the gentleman from New
York is admitted and fully provided for in the
bill. The last of the Senate amendments, being
the last clause of the bill, provides that the grants
and rights shall only be exercised by this Gov-
ernment after the Government of New Granada
" skull have voluntarily assented thereto.''' So that
objection is also disposed of, and is out of the
way.
Mr. SEDGWICK. He says expressly that
there is no grant for building a railroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I regret exceed-
ingly that I am not permitted by the rule to reply
to the gentleman from New York at more length.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
debate is closed upon this proposition.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mcuyland. Well, sir, I hope
I will be allowed to say a few words more.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I must object, unless those
who are opposed to the amendment may be per-
mitted to reply.
Mr. MORSE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by reducing the amount to
§200*000.
Air. Chairman, I have no disposition to impart
any information to the House upon this subject,
but desire to rcccivo it. I think it is desirable
that this provision should encounter still further
discussion by those who have investigated the
subject, and I hove moved the amendment'for the
purpose of inviting discussion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mavyhnd. If the gentleman
will allow me, I desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the text of the Senate amendment, by striking
out the last line.
Mr. Chairman, my friend from New York
amused the committee, and was facetious upon
the point of what he called the nude-path of this
company. Well, I have no objection to have the
committee made to laugh occasionally. It is
wholesome, now and then, to have the stern dig-
nity of so staid and orderly a body relaxed by a
laugh. There is no road across the country, the
gentleman insisted. There is only a mule-path,
and over this the mails and munitions of war are
to be carried. I have never been at Chiriqui, Mr,
Chairman, and all I know about it I glean fr<?m
the papers and evidence laid before our commit-
tee, and the gentleman and myself have read the
papers in the case very diversely; for-while {ie
insists that there is only a mule-path, and that
there will never be and cannot be any other sort
of road, and that this company has no authority
to build one, I find, in the same papers, full power
to build, I think, not only a road, but a railroad
at that; and the further fact of an existing road,
opened long sance; and this meets, by the "way,
the assertion of the gentleman, that the company
had no property or rights to grant, because they
had never fulfilled the condition precedent of open-
ing a road, i read from a review of the minority
report, which I hold in my hand, the following
evidence us to this road question; and beg to say
that the original proof was before the commitee,
and I have verified these statements by that ori-
ginal proof.
"1. The official certificate of the prefect of David, dated
June 22,185(5, shows that the work upon the road was be-
gun at that time. By the terms of the giant, this had to he
done by the 1st of September, 1857, so that the condition
was complied with iiliecn months before -it was to expire.
u2. The official certificate of the prefect of Chinqui,
dated October 2/, 1857, showing that the company was then
engaged in 'opening and clearing it of obstructions.'
" 3. Notice of the agent of the company, dated January
2, 1858, that the road was then lully open.
a 4. The official certificate of the prefect of David, dated
January 23, 1858, recognizing the fact that the road was
then open from David, near the Pacific, to the Atlantic
ocean, and that the Government mail was placed upon it.
" 5. The official and swoi n statement of the ex-mayor of
the district of Bocas del Toro, that the work on the road
was commenced, as above, in June, 1856, continued in 1857,
and is now 4 actually opened and adequate for transit In
confoimity with the privileges.'
u6. The statementot twenty-one of' the mostrespecta-
bl.  citizens ot Bocas del Toro,' to the effect that the fore-
going facts aio ot f common notoriet}r,' and personally
known to them to be ttue.
" tf the>c proofs do not abundantly show that the road-
giant l-s perfect, and that all the lands cmbiaccd in it have
parsed to the company, thiough Thompson, it is difficult
to s?ay how these tact^ could be proved."
One word now as to the authority of the com-
pany to construct a railroad. The grant to the
company is an exclusive privilege for sixty
years, " for improving in a solid manner, fit for
the transit oj wheeled vehicles," the provincial road
between David and Bocas del Toro. A railroad
car is a wheeled vehicle, and I think there is
breadth enough in the power for the construction
of a railroad, which I think is what was meant.
But a railroad, let me say, forms no part of the
contract between the company and the Navy De-
partment, which we are considering, nor is it in
the purview of the condition precedent referred
to before.
Now, Mr. Chairman, all that I know of this
is from the discussions of the committee-room
and the papeis before us. I think there is merit
in the proposition. There is evidence to my mind
as to sufficiency of title. There is evidence of
the existence, m quantity, of coal on the lands of
the company, and proof of its good quality in the
report of Lieutenant Almy and Chief Engineer
King, of the United States Navy, who made in-
vestigation and experiments by order of the Navy
Department. There is proof and surveys, both
English and French, of the capacious and secure
harbors upon both oceans; and if there was a
chance fairly to develop the question before the
House, I would like to take up each of the points
of the honorable gentleman from New Yoi k,and
reply to them in the light of the evidence in the
case; but the rule of the committee, and the lim-
its of this debate, forbid it. 1 reiterate the hope that
the House will not permit this matter to be sneered
by gentlemen who are in opposition to it, but
will"* consider its claims and merits in a more
proper spirit. If it is desirable to get further in-
formation, let it be procured. Let all thcetl mat-
tcis be veiified by a survey; but let us not trifle
with a question that may be of most serious con-
sequence to the commercial and political future
of the country.
Mr. DUNN. I oppose the amendment, I find
that it is very difficult to get information on a sub-
ject like this to enable a member to vote intelli-
gently and satisfactorily, I do not rise now for
the purpose of making a five-minutes speech, but
for the purpose of putting a few questions to the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
if possible, of procuring some information which
