317&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June ]9,
may be relied upon in the vote wo shall give. I
heard it remarked that we would pay more for
coal under this arrangement than we now pay. I
would ask what the Government is now paying
to supply our steam marine with coal in that por-
tion of the continent ?
Mr. MORSE. The estimate is, that it has cost
us $11 60 a ton, on the average, for the last ten
years. Then there is the expense of a place of
deposit and of handling it; so that when the coal
is put aboard our ships it costs about fourteen
dollars a ton on the Atlantic side, at Aspinwall.
The amount estimated for; to meet the wants of
the present year, is ten thousand three hundred
and fifty tons, which will cost on board at least
$1.44,000.
Mr. DUNN. Then I understand the gentle-
man to say that the coal supply will cost for
this year, in that quarter, over $140,000. How
much will it cost provided this Chiriqui mining
company will fulfill the promises it has made ?
Mr, MORSE. Let me take this opportunity
to correct the statement made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick.] He appears
to have left the impression on the House that
these mines are to be conveyed to the Govern-
ment. No such thing is proposed. We propose
merely to pay to the Chtriqiu company the min-
ing price of the coal, adding ten cents per ton to
go to the Government of New Granada. The
cost of mining in the United States ranges from
seventy-fivecents to$l 25or $1 50. It might there
be two dollars per ton, or it may run up to three
or four It is impossible to tell, until the mines
are fairly opened. If the mines arc found to con-
tain coal in abundance, it can, no doubt, be put
alongside of our vessels Cor about five dollars per
ton, which would be a saving on the quantity
wanted for the present year of about one hundred
thousand dollars. Should these mines open well,
arid not cost too much for mining, the English
steamers running to the West Indies, ami along
the tropical and southern coasts of this continent,
will, no doubt, obtain their supplies from the
mines of Chiriqui. There is now a line of Eng-
lish steamers from Southampton to the West In-
dies, touching at about seventy different ports
along the coast and islands of Spanish America.
Those steamers will coal there, instead of freight-
ing their coal across the Atlantic from England.
Of course the demand will increase every year, as
naval and mercantile steam power incieases. lint
should the price of coal increase with the increase
of steam power, it will not increase to the United
States, unless the cost of mining should increase;
because the contract is unlimited as to time, and
is perpetual.
Mr. DUNN. How much will it cost per ton
there ?
Mr, MORSE. I have said I think it will cost,
delivered alongside a vessel there, from three to
five dollars per ton. The price will be governed
entirely by the expense of mining. If the supply
is found abundant, and easy of access, it cannot
cost over three dollars per ton. The Government
only buys the privilege of having all the coal it
wants for naval purposes at that point. The
company will mine the coal, and charge us with
the expense of mining.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Docs the contract with the
Secretary provide that this company shall muie a
ton of coal?
Mr. MORSE, No, sir; he bargained to pay
the price of mining—to whom ? To the company.
We can take any coal wc find mined there, pay-
ing them the costof mining; nnd the bill provides
that the money shall not be paid until the mines
arc opened, and they are ready to deliver an ample
supply of good quality. This perfectly secures
us.
Mr<jSEDGWICK. They allow us to mine it
at such price as we can. The United States turns
miner.
Mr. MORSE. Is there anything said in the
contractabouttheUnited Statesmining the coal,or
anything that implies that we are to turn miners?
If so, I should like to have it produced.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes, sir. They have the
right to take it there; and they can only get it by
mining it, nnd in no other way.
Mr. MORSE. I hope gentlemen will read the
contract for themselves, and see how entirely
mistaken the gentleman is. The bill before the
House, and the regulations to carry out the con-
tract before any money is paid, will guard against
any such evil as the gentleman apprehends. This
contract is only preliminary and conditional.
Mr. DUNN. What evidence is there that a
full supply of coal can be had.in that quarter ?
Mr. MORSE. There was evidence from differ-
ent sources, before the committee,of the existence
of coal there of good quality; but the capacity of
the mines to supply cannot be determined until
they are opened and worked. Professor Marrow,
a geologist and mineralogist, who was well rec-
ommended to the company, was sent out there to
examine coal beds, gold deposits, &c. He ex-
amined some eight or ten mines, in different local-
ities, and reported favorably upon them. They
are also mentioned favorably by the English sur-
veyors and other writers. Before this contract
was made, the Government sent Lieutenant Almy
there in a steamer. He took up thesurfacc'coal,
which had laid there exposed to the weather for
centuries, and had it tested on board his ship by
the engineers, and they reported that it generated
steam about as well as the American coal they had
been using. That there is coal there, of good
quality, the committee regard as established be-
yond dispute. The only unsettled point is as to
the supply the mines will yield and the cost of
working.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise, to cut off debate on these amendments.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the amendments of the Senate to the
Navy appropriation bill, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all further de-
bate be terminated in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the pending amend-
ments in reference to the Chiriqui Improvement
Company.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendim-nt of tin-" gentleman from PennsyIvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HRANCTI. What is the recommendation
of (he, Committee of Ways and Moans upon the
Senate amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to non-concur.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and received a
message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton, one of
their Clerks, notifying the House'that the Senate
have agreed to the report of thecommittce ot'eon-
ferenceon the disagreeing votesof the two Houses
on the bill of the House (No. 305) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1861.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of- the
Senate, numbered three and thirty-eight, to the
bill of the House (No. 501) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil cxpensesof thoGovernmcnt
for the year ending June 30,1861; have disagreed
to the amendments of the House to the amend-
ments of the Senate numbered one, two, six,
seven, thirty, and thirty-five; insist on their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House; ask a confer-
ence with the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon; and have appointed Mr.
Toombs, Mr. Bright; and Mr. Fessendem, the ,
managers at the said conference oil the part of the [
Senate. j
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the amend- j
ments of the House to the amendments of the j
Senate, numbered ten and twenty-si*, to the hill j
of the House No. 339, making appropriations for ]
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of !
the Government during the year ending June30, I
18GI; have agreed to the amendments of the House '•
to the seventh amendment of the Senate with an j
amendment; insist on their amendments disagreed I
to by the House; ask a conference with the House !
on the disagreeing votes ofthe two Houses thereon;
and have appointed Mr. Hgntkr, Mr. Latham,
and Mr. Wilson, the managers at said confer-
ence on the part of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was ordered,
by unanimous consent, that the House insist on
its amendments disagreed to by the Senate to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
No. 501; and also insist on its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate insisted on by the
Senate, and agree to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Hughes, and Mr. Bingham,man-
agers at the said conference upon the part of the
House.
On motionofMr.SHERMAN,it was,byunan-
imous consent, ordered that the House disagree
to the amendment of the Senate to the amend-
ment of the House to the seventh amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House No. 339,
(legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tions;) insist upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate insisted on by the Senate;
and agree to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Morrili,, Mr. Piielps, and Mr. William A.
Howard, managers at said conference upon the
part of the House.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. MORSE. I was going to ask, before the
vote is taken, that the amendment be read, so
that the committee may understand upon what
they are called to vote.
'The Clerk read the amendment offered by Mr.
Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MORSE. Does the committee understand
that this is striking out the Senate amendment?
I do not so understand it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair "would state
that the motion was made in this form: to strike
out the Senate amendment and the substitute to
the Senate amendment, and insert this in lieu
thereof. No point of order was made upon it,
and the vote has been taken in that manner. The
Chair would inquire of thegenticman from Penn-
sylvania if the statement of the Chair is in accord-
ance with the terms of his amendment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, That is Jiot
in order, as it is a proposition to strike out an
amendment which has never been agreed to. He
could only offer his amendment to the pending
amendment; and I understood that he did that.
The CHAIRMAN. If that point of order had
been made, the Chair would have entertained it;
but as no objection was made, the amendment
was put to the committee precisely as it was made.
The question now is upon the Senate amendment
as amended.
The question was put; and it appeared to be
dccidod jn the affirmative, the Chair, however,
making no declaration of the result of the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. As all the amendments of
the Senate have been disposed of, I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. BURCH. One moment. I understood
that the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was offered asasubstitute for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SEDGWICK. That is not the reading of
the amendment.
Mr. BURCH. It was put in that form to the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
moves that the committee do now rise. The Chair
would suggest to him that the amendments are
not all disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Chair to
announce otherwise.
■The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not an-
nounce the result of the vote, for the reason that
there seemed to be some misunderstanding- in rela-
tion to the exact position of this amendment. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania moved to strike out
both the Senate amendment and the substitute
offered for the Senate amendment. The Chair
entertained the motion in that shape because no
objection was made; and the motion was put to
the committee, according to the recollection of
the Chair, in the manner in which it was made
