*288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
various districts did go cast bailots or rotes illegally for
"That a.large number of persona, not residents of said
congressional district, but wtio resided without the same,
arid persons who temporarilyand otherwise lived on board
vessels afloat at various docks, and who were not legal
voters II) the said district, were employed and paid by:the
said'Sickles or his agents to cast ballots or votes on o#e or
more-occasions for the said Sickles in said district.?'
I call tho attention of the House to.these facts,
which the contestant says he is prepared to prove.
And further than that, the petitioner attaches, to
his petition an affidavit, marked " A," in which
Mr. Melntire says that he has it from the lips
of men who refuse to give affidavits voluntarily,
that the sitting member paid them money to vote
for him, and to procure others to vote for him,
who were not entitled to vote. Yet Mr. Sickles
says there is no allegation of fraud. He is pleased
to meet this affidavit in this wjsc:
" The affidavit of one Melntire, appended to the petition,
ought to be disregarded.
"Ho says he was employed as attorney, but he does not
describe himself* as an attorney-at-law; nor does lie state
his residence or place of business.
"He does not state that, as counsel, he advised William-
son to any course of proceeding whatever."
This is the way that he meets the allegation of
the petitioner, supported by the affidavit of a per-
son who says that he has heard persons state that
they were paid by the sitting member for voting
illegally and obtaining illegal votes, and that he
is ready to substantiate the statement with proof.
But the sitting member cites in his brief an au-
thority whichlie deemed conclusive in this matter.
He has set it out in full in his brief, and the mi-
nority of the committee have reiterated the same
authority, cited in the same terms in the minority
report, to which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. John Cochrane] referred, and read it as
conclusive on us. Now, I ask the members of the
House to turn to this authority as quoted in the
brief of the sittingmember, found on page 15 of the
report, and w.hich is copied verbatim into the mi-
nority report, and to loolc over it while I read the
paragraph from the book from which it is taken.
Mr. Cushing says:
" As it is the duty of returning officers, in the first in-
stance, to decide upon the result of an election, and if, in
their judgment, an election has taken placc, to make a re-
turn of the person elected; where they undertake to relieve
themselves from this responsibility, by making a condi-
tional return, that is, by stating certain facts, and referring
the question of their legal operation to the judgment of the
body to which the return is made, the return wiflbeieceived
as an unconditional one; ami the only effect, if amj, of the
special statement ej facts villi be to give rise to an inrestiga-
twn jf the merits of the election
These last words were not included in the cita-
tion, as made by the sitting member in his brief;
the minority of the committee fall into the same
error in quoting the same citation, and so did the
gentleman from New York this morning. Now,
take this authority, and follow it. It provides that
this special statement of facts shall have the effect
ofgivmg theHouse notice,and putting them upon
theirmquiry into the merits of the election. That,
sir, is what the majority of the committee propose
to do by this resolution—to inquire into the merits
of this election. Now, sir, I do not impute to
anybody any design in making this quotation. I
exceedingly regret, however, that they stopped
at the semicolon, and omitted to cite what fol-
lowed the semicolon, that the House might have
the whole benefit of the citation, and of the au-
thority of Mr. Cushing.
But, Mr. Speaker, I know the House is weary
of this case. I simply want them to understand
that the proposition of the majority of the com-
mittee is to provide, by the method' prescribed in
the resolution, for talcing testimony before a judge
of the supreme court of the State of New York,
whether it be true, as this petitioner says, that
the sitting member holds his seat by his own
fraud. 1 want it to be understood that the sitting
member himself is opposed to this proposition,
because so long a time has elapsed. He says that,
after such a lapse of'timc, it is not consistent with
justice and equity to permit this inquiry to be
made; that is to say, that the longer he can enjoy
the fruits of his fraud, if fraud there be, the more
unjust and iniquitous will it be for us to disturb
him by an investigation: that time can sanctify
and sanction a fraudulent taking possession of a
wat in this body, as a Representative of a con-
stituency entitled to be represented hereaccordmg
to their own wish and voice. I say, Mr. Speaker,
that the question is one of more than ordinary im-
gortance. Has it come to this, that fraud, cor-
ruption, and bribery can be allowed to be charged
against a member of this House as the means by
which he obtained his seat as a member of the
House, and yet it does not excite the indignation,
nor even the concern of members, so that they do
not even care to inquire into the truth of the alle-
gation ? And have we become so indifferent as
not to feel called upon, by our sense of duty, to
insist upon prompt and vigilant and all-search-
ing investigation that shall ride over all form and
all quibble and all pretense, that are not abso-
lutely necessary for the protection of the rights
of those who are thus accused, and reach the core
of such a fraud ?
It is the practice of the British Parliament, when
such allegations arc made in good faith against
any member of Parliament, to suspend his func-
tions as a member until they shall be investigated.
Under the law of 1851 notice of contest must be
served within thirty days. Now, a man who is
enjoying the fruit of his own fraud may be able
to conceal the evidence thereof until afterthe thirty
days; and suppose after that time that evidence
shall come to light: shall all parties be shut out
from an investigation of the question merely be-
cause of the success of the man guilty of the fraud
in keeping it from the knowledge of anybody for
thirty days ? According to the rule applied here
by the sitting member, and according to the rule
adopted in this case by the minority of the com-
mittee, if a man can cover up and keep out of
sight the frauds by which he holds his se^f for
only thirty days, he is forever afterwards safe in
his seat. I do not believe that the House will
apply any such rule upon any such charges.
I have ho feeling in this case myself; no desire
that the report of the committee in this case shall
be adopted, unless theHouse believe that it is due
to themselves and due to the country that it shall
be known that tliey do care whether or not it be
true that any member of this House holds his
seat by virtue of his own fraud. If the House do
not care to have the country understand that they
regard the purity of the ballot-box enough to in-
vestigate the question whether it be tainted or not,
then let the House, and not the committee, take
care of its own reputation.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, I purpose to
make a motion that I think will meet with the con-
currence of the House. The previous question
has been sustained and the main question ordered,
and I do not, of course, nowpropose to make any
remarks. I move that the whole subject be laid
upon the table. And now I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
whether it is his desire to take a vote on this ques-
tion this evening? It is now four o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. It has been my desire, for the
last week, to have this case disposed of at the
earliest possible moment.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will understand that we are obliged to
have a call of the House before we can go to a
vote. It is now four o'clock, and, as there will
be two or three votes, we will be kept hero to a
very late hour of the evening. I would suggest
that he allow the case to go over until to-morrow
morning. The previous question has been sus-
tained, and the main question ordered, and it will
come up as the first business in order in the morn-
ing. If it meets with the concurrence of the gen-
tlemen on the other side, I will move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that the motion to ad-
journ will be withdrawn. I gave notice yesterday,
as I have given notice every day for the last week,
that I would call this case up at a particular time.
Yesterday I gave notice that I would call the pre-
vious question on it at two o'clock to-day. I
have done so that everybody might be present if
they saw lit. I trust that everybody is present,
and prepared to vote. I do not know, however,
how that is. I do not know whether anybody on
the one side or the other of this question is absent;
but I do feel that it is the duty of every member
of the House to attend upon its sessions, and to
give his vote upon questions properly before it
when they come up. I cannot consent to an ad-
journment.
Mr. BRANCH. Thegentleman,then,objects
to this matter going over till to-morrow?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I withdraw my motion
that the House adjourn, and move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. The motion to lay upon the
table is a preliminary motion, and not a final one.
Let us take the vote upon that, and if it is not
carried, then some arrangement may be made.
Mr. BRANCH. My object is to adopt such a
course as will meet with the concurrence of tho
House. If it is the wish of the House to go on
and dispose of this question, then I am ready for
it, and am willing to remain here. The question
will come up regularly in order in the morning if
we now adjourn, when theHouse is fresh, and all
the members are in their places; and it does seem
to me that we had better adjourn this evening, and
postpone the whole subject until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This case was set down
for yesterday; and it has run over into this day.
The case of Cooper and Howard was fixed for to-
day. If the House gets through with the pending
case, it is my intention to call up the case of
Cooper and Howard. I trust that this pending
case will be disposed of. Gentlemen are here on
all sides, and ready to dispose of it.
Mr. BRANCH. It is true that this case was
fixed for two o'clock to-day, and that notice was
given that the previous question would then be
called; but the fact that the previous question was
not called at two o'clock, at the time designated,
may be tho reason for the thinness of the House.
I will not, however, consume the time of the
House in debate. I move that there be a call of
the House. I have already withdrawn the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. Will not the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table answer tho
purposes of a call of the House ?
Mr. BRANCH. I make the motion that the
whole subject be laid upon the table as a test
question, and, of course, it will first be necessary
to have a call of the House.
Mr. STANTON. If the motion to lay upon
the table fail, that is not conclusive.
Mr. BRANCH. We do not wish it to fail; we
mean to carry it and dispose of this matter, and
make an end of this controversy, which, I be-
lieve, will meet with the sense of a majority of
this House.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion that
there be a call of the House; and it was agreed to.
The Cleik proceeded to call the roll; and the
followmgmenibersfailed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Alley, Crown. Ditr-
lingamc, Burroughs, Cace, Horace F. Clr;:k. Clemens,
Clarlc IS. Cochrane, Corwin, Davidson, II Winter Davis,
John 0. Davis, Dimmick, Ely, Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Ilolman, Howard, Irvine, Jackson, Keitt, Kunkel, Laira-
bee, Leake, Longneckcr, Elbert S. Martin, McQueen, La-
ban T. Moore, Isaac .V. Moiris,Pendleton, Reynolds,Itiggs,
Rust, ^pauldmg, Stallworth, Stevens, Theaker, Thomas,
Vance, Van Wyck, Wade, Webster, and Wilson.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BtTFFINTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Adams, was paired with Mr. McQ,ueen; that
his colleague, Mr. Buklingame, was paired with
Mr. Larrabee; and that his colleague, Mr. Al-
ley, was paired with Mr. Vance for the day.
Mr. KEITT said: Mr. Speaker, I have paired
off for to-day with Mr. Webster. He is in favor
of the extension of time, and I am against it. I
suppose that the motion to lay upon the table in-
volves the same issue, and I have therefore made
this statement.
Mr. LANDRUM stated that he was paired for
this week with Mr. Longnecker on alt political
questions.
All*. HUTCHINS stated that his colleague,
Mr. Wade, was paired with Mr. Leake for the
day.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Stevens, was paired with Mr. Clemens; that
his colleague, Mr. Dimmick, was paired with Mr.
Wilson"; and that his colleague, Mr. Hall, was
paired with Mr. Mallory.
Mr. COOPER stated that he was paired with
Mr. Wooo.
Mr. W1NSL0W stated that Mr. Davidson
was paired with Mr. Theaker.
Mr. MONTGOMERY stated that Mr. Riggs
was paired off with Mr. Babbitt.
Mr. KILGORE stated that Mr. Davis, of In-
diana, was paired with his colleague, Mr. Case.
