1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress rejected that petition. Congress never
did anything of the sort. I have the memorial here.
The memorial was presented to the House of
Representatives on the 8th of February, 1803, and
was referred to Messrs. Randolph, Griswold,
Robert Williams, Lewis R. Morris, and Hoge,
as a select committee. On March 2, 1803, the
committee made an adverse report. This was
referred, says the Clerk's indorsement—fori took
pains, at a former time, to go to the Clerk's office
of the House and get the original petition and
report—" to a Committee of the Whole House
to-morrow." " To-morrow " was the last day of
that Congress, the3d of March, 1803, and it never
was called up, and no action was ever taken.
Well, sir, that was not the end of it." The next
session, on the 15th of December, 1803, the same
memorial, with the report of thccommittcc—Mr.
Randolph's report—was recommitted by a vote of
the House to another committee, showing that
the House did not approve of it. That subse-
quent committee consisted of Messrs. Rodman,
Boyle, and Rhea of Tennessee. They reported,
February 17, 1804, in favor of the prayer of the
petition, and especially that the sixth articleof the
ordinance should be suspended for ten years, " so
as to permit the introduction of slaves, born within
the United States, from any of the individual
States.
At the next Congress, December 18, 1805, the
subject was again brought before the House, and
was referred to Messrs. Garnett, Morrow of Ohio,
Parke, Hamilton, Smith of South Carolina, Wal-
ton, and Van Cortlandt. This committee reported
in favor of the petition, February 14, 1806. Jer-
emiah Morrow was, at that time, sole Represent-
ative of the State of Ohio in Congress, afterwards
the Governor of the State and Senator of the State.
So it seems in those days the people of Ohio sym-
pathized with their neighbors of Indiana on this
subject.
I will read an extract from the report of that
committee to which Mr. Morrow belonged:
44 Having attentively considered the facts stared in the
said petitions and memorials, they are ol opinion that a
qualified Micpension, foi a limited time, of the sixth article
ol me compact between the original States and the people
and States wes-t of the river Ohio, would be beneficial to
the people of Indiana Territory. The suspension of this
article is an object almost universally desired in that Ter-
ritoiy. It appears to your committee to be a question en-
tirely different fiom that between slavery and freedom, in-
asmuch as it would merely occasion the removal of persons
already slaves front one part of the country to another. The
good effects of this suspension, in the present instance,
would be to acceleiate the population of that Territory,
hitherto retarded by the operation of thataiticle of com-
pact, as slaveholders enngtating into the western country
might then indulge any preference which they might feel
for a settlement ni the Indiana Tcriitoiy, instead ot seek-
ing, as thej- are now compelled to do, settlements in other
States or commies permitting the introduction of slaves.
The condition of the slaves themselves would be much
ameliorated by it. as it is evident, fiom experience, that the
more they are separated and diffused, the more care and
attention are bestowed on them by their masters, each pro-
prietor having it in liN power to increase their comforts
and convenience* in propoition to the smallness of their
numbers The dangers, too, if any are to be apprehended
liom too large a black population existing in any one sec-
tion ot country, would certainly be very much diminished,
ii not entirely removed. Hut, whether dangers are to be
teared from this sourcc or not, it is certainly an obvious dic-
tate ot sound policy to guard against them as far as possi-
ble if tins danger does exist, or theie is any cause to ap-
prehend it, and our western brethren are not only willing,
but desirous to aid us m taking precautions against it,
would it not be wise to accept their assistance r We should
liL-netit ourselves without injuring them, as their population
niu-4 always so far exceed any black population which can
evet exibt in that country, as to render the idea ot danger
liom that source chimerical.
" Your committee consider the regulation contained in
the ordinance for the government of the Terriioiy of the
United States, which requires a freehold of fifty acies of
land as a qualification for an elector of the General As-
sembly, as limiting too much the elective fianchise. Some
restriction, however, being necessary, your committee con-
ceive that a residence continued long enough to evince a
deteunination to become a permanent inhabitant should
entitle a person to the rights of suffrage. This probation-
ary period need not extend beyond twelve months."
That committee reported the following, among
other resolutions:
"That the sixth articleof the ordinance of F7S7, which
prohibits slavery within the Indiana Territory, be sus-
pended for ten years, so as to permit the introduction of
j-laves, born within the United btales, from any of the in-
dividual States."
The Territorial Legislature of Indianagot tired
of Congress, and went on and legislated them-
selves; and at that time some people in the Illinois
country, who wanted to set up a territorial gov-
ernment, sent on a remonstrance to Congress—a
petition, which is also on the files—in which they
advised Congress of the fact that the Territorial
Legislature of Indiana had established slavery by
law, and wanted Congress to intervene with it;
but Congress would not touch it. It passed off
without attention. Finally, however, the Legis-
lature of the Territory took the matter in hand;
and, as late as 1806, they passed certain resolu-
tions, which were approved by the Governor, and
were sent here to Congress; and what is more
material, they were passed, and so stated in-them-
selves to be passed, by a unanimous vote of the
Territorial Legislature. Nowletussee what-they
were:
" Resolved unanimously, That the citizens of this part of
the former Noithwestern Territory consider themselves as
having claims upon the indulgence of Congress, in regard
to a suspension of the said article; because, at the time
of the adoption of the oidmnnce of 1787, slavery was tol-
erated, and slaves generally possessed, by the citizens then
inhabiting the country, amounting to at least one half of
the present population of Indiana; and because the said
ordinance was passed in Congress when the paid citizens
were not repiesonted in that body, without their being con-
sulted, and without their knowledge and approbation."
Congress never interfered with it one way or
the other; and yet Congress well knew what the
Territory of Indiana was doing all this time. I
understand why it was". Any person familiar
with the history of Europe and America will see
that this struggle continued through the whole life
of the territorial government of Indianaand tfiinois
up almost to the year 1820, to the beginning of
the present slavery controversy; but by that time
the wars in Europe were over; there was a large
surplus of population, and the northwestern States
began to fill up, commencing almost as early as
1816, with a vast immigration from Europe; and
that immigration gave us a preferable labor, and
that immigration drove slavery out of the North-
west. Four thousand ordinances would not have
driven it out. They did not drive it out; it was the
coming of a better population^that did it. That
is the reason why those States, not satisfied with
getting rid of slavery, wenton, as their traditional
policy, to keep out not only slaves but to keep out
free negroes, because they did not want them.
Now, as the Senator from New Hampshire has
compelled me—and 1 am obliged to the Senator
from Louisiana for indulging me so long—to vin-
dicate the truth of history, 1 tell him again that
all this talk about the ordinance of 1787 having
either prevented slavery in the Northwest or abol-
ished slavery in the Northwest, or ever emanci-
pated a human being, is mere ad caplandum talk
for the benefit of those people who do not take the
trouble to read the history of their own country.
There is nothing it. My opinion is, that if you
were to pass an ordinance to-day, and apply it to
every Territory in the United States, it would
have just about as much force as so much blank
paper. Now, sir, as I said, I did that to vindicate
the truth of history; but if the Senator insists on
prolonging the controversy, 1 shall take some
other occasion to collect more at leisure further
proof, until I think I shall overcome the most
incredulous, if there be such.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, when we
met herein December, the public mux} was deeply
stirred. It was stirred by an occurrence which
had taken place for the first time in our history—
the invasion of one of the States of the Confed-
eracy by a band of fanatics, for the avowed pur-
pose of interfering with its domestic institutions
and setting its slaves at liberty. The whole coun-
try was deeply stirred, but especially stirred was
the South, and this universal excitement found im-
mediate vent in Congress. Scarcely had we met,
when numerous resolutions were placed upon our
table by different Senators, which, on the 2d of
February, were ordered, by a resolution of the
Senate, to be printed together. The first was a
resolution submitted by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] who, on the 15th of De-
cember, proposed that the Committee on Terri-
tories
a I3e instructed to inquiie into the expediency of repeal-
ing so much of the acts appiovcd September 9, 18o0, for
the organization of territorial governments m New Mexico
and Utah, as require that all the laws passed bythe Legis-
latures of those Tfiritories shall be submitted to Congress
forappiovai oi rejection."
That was offered on the 15th of December, before
even the House of Representatives had been organ-
ized. To that an amendment was offered bythe
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan*,] which I shall
not read. The next was a resolution submitted
on the 16th of January bythe Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr Douglas,] in relation to instructions
to the Committee on the Judiciary to report a
bill for the protection of the States and Territories
of the Union against invasion. Next, on the I8th.
of January, were resolutions submitted by the.
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] Next,
were amendments to those Resolutions submitted
by the' Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkin-
son.] Next, were the resolutions submitted by
the other Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]
on the 2d of February; and finally, to those res-
olutions amendments were offered by the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.]
Here, then, was a series of propositions before
the Senate, seven in number, all directed to the
question of slavery in the States and Territories,
and all ordered by the Senate "to be printed to-
gether for discussion." Under these circum-
stances, it became obvious that, unless some con-
certof action was had by gentlemen who professed
the same political principles in relation to this vital
issue now before the country, the discussion must
be confused and pointless. If every member of-
fered his own resolutions in his owm language,
and if there was no concert among those who en-
tertained the .same principles, the time of the Sen-
ate would be needlessly exhausted, and we should
come to no practical result. Under these circum-
stances, a suggestion was made, from what quar-
ter I know not, and certainly it is not of the
slightest consequence, that the members of the
Democratic party, who were supposed generally
to entertain sentiments in accordance with each
other, should meet and should agree upon the
phraseology of the resolutions that thoy were dis-
posed to support, and, after harmonizing upon
that phraseology, .should agree to stand by it, with
a view to get a vote of the Senate upon distinct
propositions, as the principles of the Democratic
party, so far as that party was represented by
the Senators in Congress.
Now, Mr. President, these resolutions being
before us, the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] the other day—I am sorry that
I do not see him in his seat; 1 should have waited
for him, if I had the slightest hope of seeing him
in the Senate; he was not here yesterday; he is
not here to-day; and it is impossible for any one#
of us to say when he will be here again—the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, in one of the most
extraordinary speeches ever delivered in a delib-
erative body, and which occupies over twenty con-
secutive columns of the Globe, and which was
followed, a day or two after, in reply to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] by several
other columns, has undertaken what certainly is
without precedent in the historyof the country—
has undertaken to defend his individual claims to
the Presidency of the United States; and, in so
doing, has divided out his elaborately-prepared
speech into different portions, some of which
alone shall I attempt to answer; and I attempt
that answer because that Senator thought proper
to arraign my State and to arraign me, with other
Democratic States and other Democratic Senators,
for daring to discuss the propositionsand resolu-
tions now before the Senate.
More than half of that Senator's speech was
devoted to the perfectly idle and unnecessary task
of proving that those principles which he now
asserts to be the true constitutional principles un-
der which the Territories of the United States are
governed, were advocated by him as such years
and years ago; and therefore he undertook to
prove to the Senate and to the country—to which
he appealed so often—that there has been no in-
consistency m his course, and that if he and his
brother Democratic Senators are at issue upon
any point, it is we, and not he, who have proved
inconsistent. I shall return to that, sir, in a mo-
ment.
The next proposition of the "honorable Senator
from Illinois was, that he was the embodiment of
the Democratic party, and that all who dissented
from this modest proposition were rebels. He
next arraigned all his Democratic brethren in this
Chamber for daring to offer resolutions to the
Senate declaratory ofconstitutional principlesjaod
he called the resolutions now before us a caucus
platform, which he said the Charleston conven-
tion, which represents him, treated with the scorn
and contempt that they merited.
