1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. But if it is
the will of the committee, the Chair will yet put
the question as indicated by the gentleman fiom
California. If there is objection, the Chair will
announce the decision of the comffiittee.
Mr. BRANCH. Before I consent to that, I
want to know what the question now is before
the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It was up on agreeing to
the Senate amendment, as amended, upon which
the vote has been taken, but the result not yet
announced; the effect of which will be to insert,
in the place of the Senate amendment, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRANCH. The Chair holds, then, that
there is no way in which we can vote to non-con-
cur in the Senate amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is aware
that a negative vote will non-concur. The reason
why the Chair did not announce the result was,
that he thought the committee did not apprehend
the precise condition of the amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. The question now is upon
the Senate amendment as amended; and we shall
have no opportunity to vote to non-concur in the
Senate amendment.
Mr. BURCH. I would suggest that the Sen-
ate amendment has not been amended. The
Chair did not so put the question to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken in that. That is the very mistake into which
the Chair feared gentlemen were falling. The
question is on concurring in the Senate amend-
ment, as amended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If that is lost,
there will be no chance to vote upon this amend-
ment in the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope there will beno chance
to vote upon it in the House.
Mr. WILSON. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. CURRY. 1 desire to understand this ques-
tion before I vote. If the committee vote affirm-
atively upon this proposition, will the amendment
be sent bacjt to the Senate in the form of the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
without any further vote taken?
The CHAIRMAN. If a negative vote is had,
the House will simply have failed to concur.
Messrs. Burch and Eliot were appointed
tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 72. noes 54.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report the amendments to the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. One word. If I understand
the question correctly, upon which we have just
now voted by tellers, it was upon the adoption of
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in lieu of the Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote has just been
taken upon the adoption of the Senate amendment,
as amended.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee ofthe Whole on the state
ofthc Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the Senate amend-
ments to the naval appropriation bill,and had di-
rected him to report the same back to the House,
•with a recommendation that some be concurred
in, some non-concurred in, and some concurred
in with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the several amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The amendments were voted on hi their order,
as follows:
The Committee ofthc Whole on the state of the
Union recommended concurrence in the first
amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence in the
second amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended concurrence in the third
amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
On the fourth amendment ofthe Senate,
Mr. SINGLETON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SINGLETON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washeubue
of Illinois, and Webster, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 73, noes 58. •
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence in the
fifth amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended an amendment to the
sixth amendment of the Senate.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence in the
seventh amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence in the
eighth amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended the following amend-
ment to the ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth
amendments of the Senate:
Strike out the ninth, tenth,eleventh, and twelfth amend-
ments or the Senate, anil inseilin lieu thereof the folluvv-
:
Be it further enacted, That the sum of $5,000 is hereby
appropriated to enable the President to appoint a commis-
sioner to examine the route ov?-r winch the Chii tqui com-
pany propose to Imild a railroad, who shall report fully on
the titles of said company, ami aNo on the existence ami
value of the coal mines and haibois at the termini of said
route.
Mr. PHELPS. I am really desirous of taking
a vote on the amendments of the Senate without
regard to the amendment recommended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion.
I am against the amendments of the Senate; and
I think that the adoption of this amendment by
the House would be only putting the matter over
till next Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. I am opposed to the Senate
amendments, and to the House amendment, too.
Mr. PHELPS. So am I.
The question was taken on the amendment rec-
ommended by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ments, as amended, and they were non-concurred
in.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the various amendments were concurred
and non-concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by the hands of Mr. James
Buchanan, his Private Secretary, notifying the
House that he had approved and signed a bill
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 18G1.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 497, and to have it put upon its
passage. If the House will listen to me a mo-
ment, I am sure no gentleman will object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House take
a recess.
The SPEAKER. The House will now, per-
suant to resolution, take a recess till seven o 'clock
this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
CAPTURED AFRICANS.
Mr. BONHAM. I ask leave to offer a resolu-
tion materially affecting our foreign relations, and
one to which I think there will he no objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repreieidativ^'of
the United States o f America in Congress assembled, That so
long as the United States Government .pursues the policy
of returning (o the coast of Africa the Africans enpturod by
her vessels-of-war, the President be requested to procure
the concurrence ofthc British Government in returning to
said coast, on the ;:vnic utjus and conditions, all Alrieaifc
wiiicii may be captured by the British Navy; and, to cffect
this object, that the President procure a convention to be
entered into between the two Governments; and, in case
the British Government shall not enter into such conven-
tion, the President do « signify   to that Government tlie
" wish " of the United States to " terminate  • at once the
eighth article ofthe treaty or Washington, commonly calM
the Asliburton treaty.
Mr. ALLEY. I object.
Mr. BONHAM. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
SAMUEL II. TAYLOR.
Mr. CURRY. Mr. Speaker, the other day I
objcctcd to a bill reported by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Tappan,] from the Com-
mittee of Claims, because the report stated no
facts. On examination of the Senate report, I
find that the facts are fully stated; and, as I did
injustice to a very worthy old man, as I think, I
would like very much, if the House will indulge
me, to repair the wrong I have done him. It iaa
small claim of §270.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of an act (S. No. 270) for the relief
of Samuel H. Taylor.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Samuel IX. Taylor $270 for extra ser-
vices performed by him as messenger in the office
of the Third Auditorof the Treasury, from June,
1853, to September, 1855.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the report be read.
The report of the Senate Committee on Claims
was read. It appears therefrom that Mr. Taylor
was employed as a laborer in the office of the
Third Auditor, at fifty dollars per month. In
June, 1853, it became necessary to hire a build-
ing, separate from the Treasury Department, for
the use of a portion of that office, in which some
twenty-four clerks were located. For this branch
ofthc office Mr. Taylor was the sole messenger
and laborer; and for a portion of the time,as slated
by the principal clerk in charge, this office was
kept open from five o'clock, a. m., until nine or
ten o'clock, p. m., during all of which timeTayr
lor was in attendance as messenger atod laborer.
The late Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
states that the average number of clerks employed
in this division was about twenty-four, and that
Mr. Taylor was the only person employed in the
capacity in question from June, 1853, to June,
185G, and that his diligence and activity supplied
the place of numbers, accomplishing (in his opin-
ion) twice, if not thrice, as much labor as, in gen-
eral, is performed by employes of his class. Tay-
lor deposes that his extra service extended "to
six or seven hours every day, and that Colonel
Burt, then Third Auditor, told him "to continue
the duty, and he would see him paid." Colonel
Burt soon after left the office, and subsequently
died. It is undoubtedly true that, without this
extraordinary labor and attention of Mr. Taylor,
it would have been necessary for the Government
to employ an additional messenger or laborer,
who would have been entitled to pay. The com-
mittee think it just and proper that Mr. Taylor
should be allowed an additional compensation,
and they have fixed upon fifteen dollars per month
as a reasonable rate for the time he was so em-
ployed.
1 he bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CURRY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to offer a
resolution to put a stop to this struggle for the
floor.
Mr. GURLEY. The gentleman from Illinois
yields to me for a moment. I am instructed by
the Committee on Printing to present a resolu-
tion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 desire to inquire
