270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 28,
or of the still more infamous means by which they
are to be propagated and put into practical oper-
ation . N or has he uttered any denunciation of those
who by fraud and misrepresentation—if fraud and
misrepresentation were employed—procured his
indorsement and recommendation, at all satisfac-
tory to myself or to those who act with me upon
this side of the House.
His whole political antecedents arc in pcrfect
conformity to this crowning act of uncalculating
partisan zeal. To what does he owe the distinc-
tion he now enjoys ? Why is he, rather than the
gentleman who nominated and who supports him,
coming from the same State, certainly his equalin
ability, with more, farmorc, of parliamentary ex-
perience, with more reputation, with a longer and
more varied public service, deemed worthy of the
third office in rank and dignity and influence in the
country? Why, but because his colleague [Mr.
Corwin] is supposed to preserve some faint sem-
blance of nationality, to harbor in his bosom some
expiring sparks of patriotism and conservatism
feeble to relume, but not yet quite extinguished.
Why, but because a former position has compelled
him to uphold the constitutionality of the fugitive
slave law, and yield a reluctant consent to its en-
forcement in the State which he in part represents
on this floor. Why, sir, butbecause a more amia-
ble nature, perhaps, has betrayed him on a few oc-
casions in his life into an expression of toleration
and sympathy for the people and institutions of
the South; while the gentleman who is the can-
didate of the Republican party for Speaker has
never uttered a word or cast a vote to mar the
symmetry of his political record. His whole po-
litical career is a beautiful harmony. He has been
uniformly, persistently, conspicuously, intensely
sectional. JNTo man on this lloor, no man off it,
has been more intolerant towards the South, her
people, and her institutions, than the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] He is now reaping;
the reward of his hostihtyto all of them. He
owes his present prominence, lows to his ability,
less to accomplishments as a politician and a states-
man, than to the prompt and ready support which
he has invariably yielded to the must revolutionary
measures of an unscrupulous and aggicssiveparty.
His religion and his politics have been wai fare
upon the South, and opposition, right or wrong,
to the men and measures of the only national con-
servative party in the country. The gentleman
invited us to scrutinize his record. I have done
so. 1 witnessed the making of a portion of it,
and am sure that no man now upon this floor,
none, who has over been honored with a seat here,
can exhibit a worse.
I recollect the bearing of the gentleman in the
struggle like the present which took place four
years ago. I remember, too, the official action of
the gentleman as chairman of the celebrated Kansas
investigating committee. Nor have I forgotten the
course pui sued by the gentleman upon tile Army
appropriation bill in the Thirty-Fourth Congress
The Constitution itself has been no impediment
to him in the pursuit of a party triumph. In the
blindness and fury of his partisan zeal he has
been ignorant of its most obvious provisions or
forgetful of the oath he has taken to observe them
I can show, by a reference to the gentleman's
record, to which ho invites our attention, that it
justifies this criticism. What would be the char-
acter of the gentleman's record if he allowed him-
self to be interrogated, when he is rash enough
to point to such aieooixP But the gentleman
folds his arms and says he will not be int. rrogated.
I appreciate the delicacy of his position. There
are thousands of his party throughout the Union
who would, at this particular juncture, he very
much embarrassed, to say the least, if compelled
to answer interrogatories. Let us spare the gen-
tleman 's feelings, and propound no more questions
to him.
The Speaker of the Thirtv-Fourth Congress,
to whose election the present candidate of the Re-
publican party contributed as much as any mem-
ber of that Congress, did not know, upon being
interrogated, which of the two races, the black or
the while, was the superior. That race which
absorbed the other was the superior one, and that
was a problem which time alone could solve. The
absorbing process is, I suppose, a slow one, and
we would have to await that solution before we
could get an answer from the present candidate
of the Republicans foe Speaker upon that point.
But, while the gentjeman refused to be interro-
gated, and referred us to his record, he deigned to
tell us that he had been unifoimly kind and cour-
teous in his intercourse with the members of the
House. Well, sir, in these times that is a great
deal. How unreasonable are southern gentlemen
who'are not retfdy on bended knee to thank the
bland, gentle, urbane candidate of the Republican
party for this signal condescension, or this sub-
lime generosity. Truly,
He's as mild a manncied man as ever scuttled tliip or cut
a throat."
While our constituents (say Republican gentle-
men) at our instigation are laying waste and des-
olating your homes and murdering your families,
inciting servile war among your slaves, allow us
in a quiet, decent, orderly manner—such is their
language—to organize the House by electing one
of our number to preside over your deliberations;
and when we have got possession of this branch
of the Government, by which we will be enabled
more effectually to carry out our hostile designs
against you, wc will be " kind and courteous in our
intercourse with you." I, for one, decline such a
proposition. I accept your courtesy upon no such
terms. Rather lavish upon me your taunts and
scoffs and jeers—heap upon me contumely and
insult—I will bear it all, if bear it I must, with
all the philosophy I can summon to my aid, or
j repel it, if repel 1 may, with whatever of strength
I and courage God anti nature have endowed me
I with; but do not, we beg, we implore you in the
j name of justice, of humanity, and of common
J manhood, send to our homes and our hearthstones
i the knife of the assassin and the torch of the in-
i cendi.iry.
; Mr. Clerk, m the present state of the public
i mind at the South, irritated and exasperated al-
| most to frenzy by recent and still occurring out-
! rages, can the people of that section regard the
i election of Mr. Sherman, with his hostile senti-
j ments, his offensive associations and antecedents,
I to preside over the deliberations of this House, as
j less than the last drop in the cup already full of
wrong and insult and outrage, which they have
J suffer* d at the hands of the Black Republican
! party of this country? In view of the cxtraordi-
| nary circumstances that hnw preceded and that
j now prolong this election, it is a gross prostitution
I of the terms " national " and "conservative " to
| apply them to any man who insists on placing
( the gentleman from Ohio m that chair.
| But, Mr. Clerk, it is necessary that we shall
; organize. The question is, will the conservative
I eh ments in tins body unite in constituting ama-
I jority? I am satisfied, from the developments of
| the pa^t f!r ee weeks, th#t they will. Three weeks
! of fruitless hallotings have.failed to convince the
i gentleman from Ohio that he is not the choice of
! tiiis House for its Presiding Officer; but 1 am sat-
! islied that three months, yea, three yeuis, will
| not bring a majority to his support
j The diameter and dignity of this House, the
i necessities o/ the Government, and the interests
j of the whole country, demand an organization—
: an oignnization effected, too, by the conservative
i members of this body, in opposition to the enemies
of the Union and the Constitution.
'Ti>= u consummation devoutly to be wislied."
How, sir, is it to be accomplished > I feel, sir,
that any one who can extricate us from the diffi-
culties and embarrassments in which we are now
i n vol v ed will deserve, as he will receive, the thanks
j of the whole counti v. Let us, then, address our-
| selves to the task in a spirit of concession, con-
! ciliation, and self-sacrificing patriotism. JL(tus
! diseaid from our minds and our hearts, so far as
, the infirmities of our natures will allow, all per-
I sonal hatreds and all party animosities. These
j are, after all, poor and paltry sacrifices to offer
i upon the altar of our country.
j 1, sir, claiming no more patriotism than a ma-
1 jority of the members upon this floor, am ready
' to make them. I acknowledge no other obhga-
i! tions, no other lestraints than my oath to support
j the Constitution, and an honest regard for the best
interests of my country impose upon me. I con-
temn and despise and defy every trammel, every
shackle, that would exact from me a sacrifice of
I my country's welfare to the success of a party,
i Claiming perfect independence of thought unci
1 speech and action, alv, ayj m subordination to the
'' Fed( lal Constitution and the rights and equality
of the States, T am willing to allow the same lib-
erty to all my colleagues upon this floor. I may
not agree with a single member of this House
upon some of the minor questions which have
divided even the Democratic party; but, upon the
great and paramountone, of the necessity of the
defeat ana overthrow of the treasonable, incen-
diary, and revolutionary Black Republican party,
of which the gentleman from Ohio is a leader and
exponent in this House, to the repose of the coun-
try and the perpetuity of the Union itself, I am
satisfied that I concur with a majority of them.
Mr. DUNN. I call the gentleman to order. The
gentleman violates all propriety in applying the
term " treasonable" to the party of which T am a
member.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman must reduce his
point of order to writing.
Mr. DUNN. We have listened to this kind of
thing long enough.
Mr. RUST. I have said nothing that I do not
believe to be true, and will not retract it. I was
not here to vote upon the admission of Kansas
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution;
but I am free to avow that, had I been, I would
have voted for it, if at all, with extreme reluctance,
and less in obedience to the dictates of my own
judgment than from deference to the perhaps more
enlightened opinions of a majority of the Repre-
sentatives from my section of the Union. Yet,
sir, I have voted with pleasure for a prominent
supporter of that measure, and am ready to vote
with equal pleasure for either one of a number of
gentlemen who were a.s prominent in their oppo-
sition to it.
I have always and everywhere advocated free-
dom of religion, nnd the privilege, to the victims
of oppression in the Old World, of immigation to
our shores, and participation in all the political
blessings which wc enjoy. Yet I am willing to
vote for a number of gentlemen belonging to thafc-
party whose cardinal principles and measures are
hostility to the Catholic church, and warfare upon
the rights, privileges, and immunities of our for-
eign-born citizens.
Mine, sir, in the impending contest, is a plat-
form upon which every patriot, every friend of
the Union, every upholder of the Constitution,
and every respecter of the rights of all the States,
can stand with me, without the sacrifice of prin-
ciple, of consistency, or self-respect.
1 recognize no enemies upon this floor but the
revilers and violators of the constitutional laws of
the land, and shall look for no antagonists, and
seek for no causes of strife and dissension and con-
troversy elsi where.
I declared a few days ago that I was willing, in
order to organise this House, to voje for any of
a hundred gentlemen on this floor to preside over
its deliberations, anu 1 repeat the declaration to-
day. All that i demand is, that the gentleman
shall be free from a suspicion of sedition, treason,
and incendiarism—of hostility to the constitu-
tional rights of any State and section, and of sym-
pathy with those who have been guilty of these
and still greater crimes. When the gentleman
from Maryland was endeavoring to fasten upon
the Democratic members of this House the re-
sponsibili'y of a failure to organize, without con-
sultation with one of my colleagues, I submitted
a proposition eminently just and fair and liberal,
which seemed to be received with universal favor
upon this side of the House; that proposition was
subsequently renewed by the gentleman from
South Carohna, (Mr. Keitt,] to whom, by the
way, the papers have attributed it, in the face of
his statement at the conclusion of his remarks
that it was .simply a renewal of my own. I again
submit it with the conviction and earnest belief
that, if acceded to by the American party, it will
lead to a speedy organization of the House. That
proposition was that the conservative members
outside of the Democratic organization should se-
lect some member of that organization and unite
with us in electing him; or that we will select one
ot their number and unite with them in electing
him. All that we claim is the poor privilege of
a choice of evils, and this we aie willing to con-
cede to you. Which proposition do you accept?
Mr. HILL. 1 want to be set right. So far as
I am concerned, I have not been approached by
any authorized bodv of gentlemen to unite in the
selection of a Speaker of the House on any defi-
iUfe or authoritativi besis, I did understand the
