22S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Next he said that seventeen Democratic States
of this Union, and all his brother Democratic Sen-
ators who did not agree with him, were disunion-
ists, and he arraigned them as such. He said
that they were traveling on the high road to the
disunion of these States. Then, in the plenitude
of his indulgence, he told us that we were sinning
through ignorance and did not know what road we
were traveling, and, with princely magnanimity,
tendered his clemency and his pardon to those
who, after being enlightened by his counsel, should
tender repentance. And after having done all that;
having attacked every Democratic State in the
TJnion, and almost every Democratic Senator in
this body, he closed with a statement that all that
he had said was in self-defense; that he attacked
.nobody, and that the world should know, if lift
ever spoke again, it would be, as he had just then
spoken, to defend himself from attack.
Now, Mr. President, lest J should be supposed
to have at all exaggerated,™ this statement, what
the honorable Senator from Illinois thought proper
to say in relation to resolutions involving purely
constitutional and political principles, I will read
here and there passages from his spccch in sup-
port of the assertion that I made, in relation to
the action of his brother Senators, he says this:
" Sir, let the Democratic Senators attend to their official
duties, and leave the national conventions to make their
platforms, and the parry will be united. Wheic does this
trouble come from? From our own caucus chambers—a
caucus of Senators dictating to the people what sort of
platform they shall have. You have been told that no less
than twelve southern Senators warrjetf you in the caucus
against the consequences of trying to force senatorial cau-
cus platforms on the party. Sir, i do not know when the
people ever put it in a Senator's commission that he is to
get up platforms for the national convention'', on the sup-
position that the delegates who go there have not sense
enough to do it themselves.
"Although the action of the caucus was heralded to the
world to be, as was generally undei-atood, for the pu pose
of operating on the Charleston convention, it did not have
its effect. The le&olutions lav still. When it was pro-
posed to postpone thein here in the Senate, heiore the
Charleston convention,! voted against the postponement.
I wanted to give a chance for a vote on them befoie the
party acted. 1 did not believe the party then would agree
to the dictation. 1 do not think they would obey the order.
Sir, the Charleston convention scorned it, and ratified the
old platform."
I appeal to the Senate whether or not this is
self-defense. I appeal to the Senate whether or not
this be, as I have stated it to be, an arraignment
by the honorable Senator from Illinois against, the
action of almost the entire body of his brother
Democrats—a perversion of the truth and the facts,
a misrepresentation of what occurred; for this,
namely, that the meeting of the Senators who
adopted a series of resolutions, which they believed
to be sound constitutional doctrine, was based
upon the fact that a largo series of independent
resolutions had been put before the Senate, and
that some concerted action of the party in relation
to those resolutions was just as necessary as the
concerted action of the parties who supported the
Kansas-Nebraska bill iri 1854, when the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois called them into council
every morning almost of his life during that con-
troversy. When that bill was pending; when
amendments were offered around the Chamber,
for the purpose of concentrating action and pre-
venting that division of the party which might bn
taken advantage of by the opponents upon the
floor of the Senate, the honorable Senator from
Illinois called together those who supported the
bill every morning, and asked their opinions, and
changed and modified the phraseology to suit all
and to obtain the assent of all. That was the
purpose of the Democratic Senators who mot to
consider resolutions that Senators all around the
Chamber had offered. That they did; and that is
what has been perverted into an attempt to dictate
a party platform to a convention.
Nay, more, sir, in order that there might be no
possibility of misrepresenting those resolutions
into the dictation of a party platform, the Senate
postponed the consideration of the resolutions until
after the party had met and made what the Sen-
ator from Illinois says was its platform: and that
very fact is brought up here as an arraignment of
the intentions of the Senators, who are now speak-
ing on these resolutions after the platform has
been made, as he says. It was with the view, as
he now says, to affect his presidential chances. I
leave that accusation for what it is worth. I have
stated the accusation, and stated the defense.
Next, sir, I say that the honorable Senatorfrom
Illinois, not satisfied with discussing the consti-
tutional questions now before the Senate upon
their merits, has thought proper to arraign sev-
enteen Democratic States of this Union as dis-
unionists. Like the old prayer, "Father forgive
them, for they know not what they do," he ac-
companies it with the suggestion that he forgives
us, because we know not what we do. I say,
sir,the fact that the Senatorfrom Illinois arraigns
seventeen Democratic States, and nearly all his
Democratic brethren here, as disunionists, I will
also show, by an' extract from his speech the
other day, of a few lines. lie tells us that these
resolutions are a Vanccy platform; and that the
resolutions reported to the Charleston convention
by a majority of the States of this Union, by the
almost unanimous assent of the Democratic States
of the Union, was a Yancey platform also; and
that Yancey made the platform for the party,
made the caucus platform, and made the platform
for the majority of the Democratic States of the
Union; and that all, together with Yancey, we
are disunionists. Here is his language, sir:
" The Yancey platform at Charleston, known as the ma-
jority report from the committee on resolutions, in substance
and spirit and legal effect, was the same as the Senate
caucus resolutions; the same as the resolutions now under
discussion, and upon which the Senate is called upon to
vote.
" f do not suppose that any gentleman advocating this plat-
form ig^the Senate means or desires disunion. 1 acquit
each and every man of such a purpose ; but I believe, in
my conscience, that such a platform of principle*, insisted
upon, will lead directly and inevitably to a dissolution of
the Union. This platform demands congressional inter-
vention for slavery in the Temtories in certain events.
What are these events? In the event that the people of a
Territory do not want slaver}, and will not provide by Jaw
for its introduction and piotection, and that fact shall be
ascertained judicially, then Congress is to pledge itself to
pass laws to lorce the Teiriloiies to have it. "
So, sir, these resolutions are a "Yancey plat-
form," a caucus platform, a disunion platform;
and the purpose is, of all who support them and
vote for them, after the people of a Territory
shall have decided that " they do not want sla-
very, and that fact has been ascertained judicially,
to get Congress to force slavery on them." That
is the deliberate statement, prepared and put forth
to the world, revised and corrected by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois. Mr. President, my
State voted for that platform. I shall vote for this
caucus-Yancey platform, if that helps the Senator
from Illinois. If it helps him to give nicknames,
and he thinks that an appeal to the people of the
country will be helped by accusing Democratic
States and Democratic Senators of being led by a
gentleman whom he supposes to be unpopular,
and calls them supporters of a Yancey platform
and of a disunion platform, let him have the ben-
efit of an appeal to the people of the country. I,
for my part, accept the responsibility, and stand
by the resolutions and the platform. But, sir, at
the same time I deny that there is the slightest
approach to truth or correctness in the lineaments
ascribed by the honorable Senator from Illinois
to the platform adopted by the majority of the
Democratic States at Chaileston, or to the prin-
ciples which arc here advocated by the almost
unanimous vote of the Democratic Senators. 1
deny (hat there is the least approach to truth in
his picture. No man here hits called upon Con-
gress to force slavery upon an unwilling people.
No man here has called upon Congress to inter-
vene and force slavery into the Territories. No
man has asked Congress to do what the gentle-
man speaks of in another part of his speech as
making a slave code for the Territories—that
being another of the slang phrases which the
honorable Senator from Illinois adopts from Re-
publican gentlemen at the North, and parades to
the American people as proof that he is sound on
this subject of the Democracy, and that we are
unsound. No man has asked for such a thing, or
anything approaching to such a thing, as I shall
proceed hereafter to show.
Now, Mr. President, having shown to you the
charges made by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois against the Democratic States of this Con-
federacy, and the Democratic Senators in this
Hall—which charges I repel and mean to disprove
to-day—I desire to read a few words which I find
at the close of his speech, for the purpose of show-
ing how nearly and how closely his conclusions
and his speech accord with what i have just stated:
(< I am sorry to have been forced to occupy so much of
the lime of The Senate; but the Senate will bear me wit-
ness that I have not spoken, in the last two years, on any
one ot these topics, except when assailed, and then in self-
defense. You will never find the discussion lenewed here
again by me, except in self-defense. I have ttudiou&ly
avoided attacking any man, because I did not mean to give
a pretext for renewing the assault on me; and the world
shall understand that if my name is brought into this de-
bate again, it will be done aggressively, as an assault on
me; and if I occupy any more time, it will be only in self-
defense. "
Mr. President, this mode of discussing public
subjects is a very convenient one—arraigning
every gentleman sitting here on this side of the
Chamber; attacking them in the most offensive of
all manners; spreading that attack, revised and cor-
rected, in the official columns of the Globe, issu-
ing it out to the world; and then saying that if
any man should raise his voice here to repel it, it
will be an assault on him, and the world shall
know that he does not speak except in self-
defense, and no man can answer that without
attacking him, and it is only when lie is thus at-
tacked by a defense against his own assaults that
he will speak again ! I am afraid, Mr. President,
^that I shall be obnoxious to the charge of assail-
ing the honorable Senator from Illinois, if it be
indeed an assault to repel a most wanton and
unprovoked attack.
More than one half the speech of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois was devoted, as I said
before, to the purpose of proving his own consist-
ency, from some period which 1 do not care to go
back to, down to 1854 and 1856, and the present
time. He says he is now consistent with the
principles that he then professed. I do not deny
it. I do not know that anybody denies it. On
the contrary, that is the precise charge brought
against him, as I shall proceed to show. The
precise charge is that, having agreed with us that
he would abandon those principles, if they were
proved to be false, he now flies from his bargain;
he now denies what he agreed to; he now refuses
to be bound by that to which he had previously
given his consent; and defends himself, because,
as he says, he is now in accordance with what he
was then. I do not propose to go back beyond
the year 1857; because every one here knows that,
up to the year 1857, the honorable Senator from
Illinois had the cordial friendship and support of
all the members of the Democratic party. Every
one on this floor knows that, up to the year 1857,
the honorable Senator from Illinois was looked
upon with pride and confidence as one of the
acknowledged leaders of the Democratic party.
Now, Mr. President, is it not a subject deserv-
ing of some inquiry; will it not naturally suggest
itself to the American people to inquire how hap-
pens it that a gentleman, who for a long scries of
years possessed the confidence and admiration of
his party, upon whom they looked with pride,
whom they acknowledged as a leader, and for
whom they reserved their choicest honors, should
suddenly find himself separated from every Demo-
cratic State in the Union,and from the whole body
of his Democratic associates here and in the other
House. What magic has effected this change in
the universal sentiment towardshim? Whatoccult
power has been brought to bear upon the Senator
from Illinois, that to-day hecomplainsand whines
that he is the subject of a common assault by gen-
tlemen who were formerly with him, and who, he
says, are pursuing him with ruthless malignity ?
Flow happens it that the Senator from Illinois
forgot to touch that part of the recent history of
the country in his speech? I propose to commend
myself to the consideration of that part of the his-
tory.
When, in 1854, the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
before us—I must be guilty of some repetition;
it is impossible to avoid it when a question has
been worn so threadbare—there weie three dis-
tinct sentiments professed upon this floor in rela-
tion to the government of the Territories of the
United States. The gentlemen on the other side
of the Chamber professed the principle that the
Congress of the United States had the power to
govern the Territories, and that there was to be
found in the Constitution of the United States no
prohibition against exercising that power so as to
exclude slavery; and they therefore went for ex-
cluding slavery from the Territories by the power
of Congress, which had an admitted power to
govern them. The southern members of the Dem-
ocratic party, with some of the members from the
North, agreed with the Republican party that the
Congress of the United States had the undoubted
