1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2235
power to govern the Territories; but they held
that there was a limitation to that power to be
found m the Constitution of the United States,
"which limitation prevented the Congress of the
United States from exercising the power to ex-
clude slavery; but, on the contrary, imposed it as
aduty upon Congress to protcctproperty in slaves,
just as all other property. The third schooJ had
at its head, at that time, the venerable Senator
from Michigan, now in the Department of State.
With him were joined the honorable Senator from
Illinois, and the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan then, Mr. Stuart, I think. They held that
the sole power of Congress was to institute an
organic act, as they termed it; that the sole power
was to give, as it were, a constitution to the Ter-
ritories by which the people might be brought
together in organized form, and that when the
people were thus brought together 111 an organized
form, in a legislative capacity, they possessed
inherent sovereignty, just as a State, and had
a right to do in relation to slavery just as they
pleased.
Those were the three principles advocated upon
this floor. 1 think I state them correctly. I try
to do so, at all events. When we were discuss-
ing upon the principle to be introduced into the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, we all agreed that we were
opposed to the principles advocated by the Re-
publican party. We all agreed that whether Con-
gress had thepoweror not to excludeslavery fr'om
the Territories, it was injurious to exercise that
power; that Congress ought not to intervene.
That is what we said, and ali the Senators from
the South concurred with Jthat. When we came
further to determine what was to be done, after
having decided that Congress should not inter-
vene, we split. The Democrats of the South,
and some of the Democrats of the North agreeing
with them, m our caucus meetings, in discussing
tlie principles of the bill, m providing its provis-
ions, m preparing it for discussion in the Senate,
said: " The Territorial Legislature has no power
to exclude the people of the South, or their prop-
erty, from the Territories, because the Terriiones
are governed by Congress as a trustee for all the
States; the Temtonal Legislature can get 'no
power but the power that Congress gives it, and
Congress itself has no power to exclude our prop-
erty from the Territories, which belong to us as
well as to the free States." The Senator from
Illinois said differently. The Senator from Illinois
said that he believed the Territorial Legislature
had the right, whilst the people of the Territory
were m a teriitonal organization, to exclude sla-
very if they pleased. We split on that; we could
not agree. 1 admit all that die Senator said here
the other day as to it. He said so then; he says
now. I complain exactly of that consistency,
because when we could not agree, he said that he
would agree with us to submit it to the courts,
and if the courts decided m our favor, he would
give up and join us; and we agreed if the courts
decided againstus, that we would give up and join
him. It is that very consistency thai is com-
plained of; and 1 shall proceed to prove it.
It is bad faith when the honorable Senator no
longer worships at the shrine of constitutional
principle. Professing to agree to leave the matter
to the decision of the courts, professing to re-
spect the courts in their decisions, he has gone
astray after false gods, and is now worshiping the
idols of evasion and circumvention. Sir, I do not :
state of my own authority the position of the hon- I
orabll* Senator from Illinois. I read again from :
his speech the other day. He is speaking of the \\
power of a Territorial Legislature to exclude sla- j|
very. The Senator from Illinois is right; his opin- ji
ion was clearly explained at the time. He asserted >j
the power in the Territorial Legislature: j;
" 1 believed the powoi existed ;others believed otherwise;
wc agreed to dhfei; we agreed to roler it to the judiciary ;
we agreed to abide by their decision; and I, true to niv
agreement, refened m> colleague to the courts to hnd out
whethei the power existed or not. The fact that I referred
him to the eouit-i has been cued as evidence that 1 did not
think individually that the power existed in a Territorial
Legislature. Aiteriheevidences*thatl produced yesterday,
and the debate just read upon the Trumbull amendment, no
man who was an actor in those scenes lias an excuse to be
at a losh as to what my opinion was."
The Senator from Illinois is right; his opinion
was clearly exclaimed at the time. He asserted
the power in the Territorial Legislature:
" But it was not my opinion that was to govern; it was
the opinion of the court on the question arising under a
territorial law after the Territory should have passed a law
upon the subject. Bear in mind that the report introduc-
ing the bill was that these questions touching the right of
propeity in slaves wererefeired to the local courts, to the
territorial courts, with a right of appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States. When that case shall arise,
and the court shall pronounce its j udgment, it will be bind-
ing on me, on you, sir, and on every good citizen. It must
be carried out in good faith; and all the power of this Gov-
ernment—the Army, the Navy,andtheniihtia—all that we
have—must be exerted to oany the decision into effect in
good faith, if there be resistance. Do not bring the ques-
tion back here for Congress to review the decision ot tbe
court, nor lor Congress to explain the decision of the court.
The court is competent to construe its own decisions, and
issue its own deciees to carry its decisions into effect.
"We are told that the court has already decided the
question. If so, there is an end of the controversy. You
agreed to abide by it; 1 did. If it has decided it, let the
decision go into effect; there is an end of it; what are we
quarrelingubout? Will resolutionsot the Senate give any
additional authority to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States ? Does it need an indorsement by the
Charleston convention to give it validity? II the decision
is made, it is the law of the land, and we are ali bound by
it. If the decision is not made, then what right have you
to pass resolutions here, prejudging the question, with a
view to influencing the views of the court? If there is a
dispute as to the true interpretation and meaning of the
decision of the court, who can settle the true construction
except the court itself, when it arises in another case? Can
you determine by resolutions here what the decision of the
couit i j or what it ought to bo, or what it will be? It be-
longs to that tribunal. The Constitution has wisely sepa-
rated the political from the judicial departmentof the Gov-
ernment. The Constitution has wisely made the courts a
coordinate branch of the Government; as independent of
us as we are of them. Sir, you have no right to instruct
that court how they shall decide this question in dispute.
You have no right to define their decision for them. When
that decision is made, they will issue the proper process
for carrying it into cnect; and the Executive js clothed
with the Arm}', the Navy, and the militia, the whole power
of the Government, to execute thatdecrec AH I ask, there-
fore, of you, is non-intervention; hands off. In the lan-
guage of the Geoigia lcsolutions, let the subject be ban-
ished forever from the Ilulh of Congress oi the political
arena, and refenod to the Temtories, with a right ot appeal
to the courts; and theio is an end to the controvei.-y."
Mr. President, I have read that extract at length,
that all may sec the precise point at which the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois has separated himself
from his Democratic brethren and the Democratic
pai'ty. 1 have him here now, in his speech before
the Senate the other day, declaring that that was
the bargain; that whenever the court made the
decision, lie would stand by it; that ho had always
intended to stand by it; that it was binding on
him in good faith; and that the whole power of
the Government should, with his consent, be called
into operation for the purpose of carrying out the
decision. I shall proceed presently to show that
the Senator from Illinois, not once, but again and
again, since 1857, has been engaged, in conjunc-
tion with gentlemen of the Black Republican party,
first m endeavoiing to explain away the decision
that has been made, and, next, that he has made
the broad and open avowal in the face of the coun-
try that, if the decision is made, it shall not go
into effect. That is the arraignment of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois. Let him notgo back
to 1840, or 1844, or 1848, or 1852, or 1854, when
he had the party with him, nor even to 1856; but
lot htm come down to the decision of the Supremo
Court of the United States, m the spring of 1857,
and let him follow me while I pursue his devious
track since that day.
Ivtrly m the year 1857, the Dred Scott decision
was pronounced by the Supreme Court of the
United States. If my recollection serves me, the
decision had not been printedwhen we adjourned.
A number of us, I think, subscribed together to
obtain a number ofcopies from the Public Printer,
agreeing that he should print such a number as
we believed the Senate would be willing to have
printed, when it reassembled; and if the Senate
declined to print it, when it assembled, we made
ourselves losponsiblc to him for the price. It
was desired that the decision of the Supreme
Court should go to the country. The dissenting
opinions of the two judges, who were in the mi-
nority, had been printed. The opinion of the
court was still unknown. The result of its opin- j
ion was pretty well ascertained;- but in a matter '
of that magnitude it was deemed of the last im-
portance to have the very language of the court,
and to have it spread broadcast through the land.
Now, Mr. President, we are told that this deci-
sion decides nothing of what was at issue at the
time; nothing of that issue which the honorable
Senator from Ulinoisagreedto leave to the courts.
I do not know any better way of ascertaining
what a court dccided than to do as the honorable
Senator from Illinois has advised us to do—take
ths court's own statement of what it decided. In
reference to this Dred Sfcott decision, it will be
observed by any gentleman who chooses to refer
to the nineteenth volume of Howard's Reports,
that every judge gave his opinion seriatim; because
there were numerous questions on which all did
not choose to be bound without giving a state-
ment of their particular views; but Mr. Chief
Justice Taney delivered the opinion of the court,
Therest were mere statementsofparticularviews.
Mr. Chief Justice Taney,"is the expression,
"delivered the opinion of the court;" and Mr.
Chief Justice Taney is said to have made a sylla-
bus of the points which he, the organ of the court,
considered to have been decided by the court."
Now, in regard to the attempt to get rid of the
authority of this decision on the ground that the
questions were not before the court, and that they
were obiter dicta, allow me to say this: it is true,
that when a precise point is before a court, the
judgment of the court upon that point is alone
that which binds the parties; but no lawyer will
contradict the assertion, that those principles
which the court itself lays down as being the
basis upon which it arrives at its conclusion,are
decisions by the court; they are not obiter dicta.
Obiter dicta, merely passing sayings, are such
views thrown out by a judge m the course of h;s
reasoning as have no reference to the points upon
which he is deciding the case; but whenever, in
order to reach a result, the court proceeds to give
those reasons for that result, and in giving those
reasons for arriving at the result, it lays down the
principles upon which the result is reached; Isay
those principles are considered as decided by the
court. If unnecessary to its decision, they have
less weight; but if the court itself dectarcs the
principles that it lays down to be necessary to its
decision, and declares that it does decide them,
then I say no lawyer can fail, when that case is
brought up before the couit, to say the court has
so decided.
1 do not choose to go into that at any length,
nor even to read the syllabus of the decision of
the Supreme Court. Hut what were wc divided
about in the year 1854, and what was it that the
honorable Senator from Illinois agreed to leave
to the decision of the Supreme Court of the* Uni-
ted States, upon a ease to be brought up from the
local Legislature of Kansas? It was this: has
Congress the power to govern the Teiritories of
the United States, or is that power in the Territo-
rial Legislature? Has Congress the right to ex-
clude slavery from the Territories, or can it del-
egate that right to a Temtonal Legislature; or has
a Territorial Legislature, without the delegation,
an inherent right to exclude slavery? These are
the points.
When this case was brought before the Su-
preme Court of the United States, the question of
the pflwer of Congress arose directly—no mtin has
ever denied that—the power of Congress to de-
clare that a slave should be free by being carried
into the Territories of the United States north
of the Missouri compromise line. That, then,
brought directly m question the power of Con-
gress to exclude slavery from the Territories; its
power to govern them, and the limit upon that
power. What did the court say ? In referring
to a former decision, it says:
"Perhaps the power of governing a Territory belonging
to the United States"—
Observe this language—
"which has not, ny becoming a State, acquiied the means
of soU-govcrnment''—
Taking it for granted that every man must at
on ok cidmittliat it is only when it becomes a Statu
that ithas acquired the power of self-government:
Pei haps the power ot' governing a Territory belonging to
the United States, wineli lia  not, by becoming a State,
aeiiuneit the meair) of self government, may lcsult, neces-
sari)), from the facte that it is not within the jurisdiction of
any particular Sr.uo, and is within the povvei and jurisdic-
tion of the United States. '1 he right to govern may be the
inevitable consequence of the right to acquuo territory.
Whichever maj be the ? ourco from which the power is de-
rived, the possession of it if unquestionable."
Mr. PUGH. What is that ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am reading the citation
from Canter's case, found in the Dred Scott de-
cision. What did the court, in commenting on
that 
Mr. PUGrH. I only want to ask the Senator
whether, in the Dred Scott decision, it is not
quoted for the purpose of being commented upon?
