1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1291-
wrong this time. We propose to strike out these
words for the very reason that we do not mean to
interfere with it. The House bill requires them
to construct certain apartments in this building.
The determination of the Senate committee was
that we had nothing to do with it. If they wanted
the apartments, let them make them; if not, do
not force them on them,
Mr. HALE. If that is the construction, very
well; but I do not see that it is so.
Mr. BROWN. You have not read it right.
Mr. HALE. Yes,*1 have.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in the same section,
to strike out the words:
" And improvements connected therewith, in ease a ma-
jority of the freeholders and householders, who are legal
and competent voter* within said corporation, shall vote as
hereinafter provided, in favor thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. The other amendments are to
strike out certain sections, and are all dependent
on the one just adopted.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to make a suggestion to
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I understand that the sccond, third,
and fourth sections of the House amendment
make this act conditional, to take effect on the vote
of the people of Washington city; and these sec-
tions it is proposed to strike out. Now, sir, the
present City Council was not elected in view of
this question; and although I am not in favor of
shirking the responsibility of legislative bodies,
yet it has always appeared to me that a proposi-
tion to create a public debt, especially to the ex-
tent of $200,000, to be a charge on the property
of the tax-payers—the principal and the interest to
run through a series of years—is a question that
ought in general to be submitted to a direct vote
of the people interested. It seems to me a wise
restriction on legislative bodies, and especially
municipal corporations; and therefore, unless the
chairman can give some good reason to the con-
trary, I would like to retain these sections, which
require the tax-payers of Washington city to act
on the question whether this debt of $200,000
shall or shall not be created.
Mr. BROWN. I can state in a very few words
the reason which influenced the committee in
moving to strike out these sections. First, we did
not regard this as a charge upon the city of Wash-
ington. It is true, the credit of the city is to be
pledged for the redemption of these bonds; but it
is equally true—and the committee were precisely
and perfectly informed on that subject—that even
the rents and profits of the present indifferent
structure, called a markct-houso, would more than
pay the interest on this debt, and create a sink-
ing fund sufficient fonts ultimate extinction. Of
course, the rents and profits arising from the new
structure will be very much more, so that it is
utterly impossible that it can ever become acharge
upon the people here. But very mony of the peo-
ple of Washington live remote from this market-
house and do not do then* marketing there, and
they probably would be persuaded to vote against
anything which might, in their judgment, or which
they might be told, would result in any possible
chance of their being called upon to pay the money
or any part of it. Having no interest in the thing
at all, they would in all probability vote against
it; so that the whole projet to put here a decent
and proper market-house on the avenue, m the
central part of the city, would be defeated by
people who had no interest m it. If it were a
proposition to tax them, I would say submit it to
them, to know whether they were going to sub-
mit to taxation. If you were going to build it
out of the funds of the city, out of appropriations
from the city treasury to be raised by direct tax-
ation on the people, then of course T should say,
submit it to them; and let them decide for them-
selves whether they will do it; but that is not the
proposition at all.
Then, sir, the main reason which the Senate
committee had for moving to strike out these sec-
tions, was to secure and make certain the erection
of this building. We believed the whole thing
would be defeated if these sections were retained.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
what is the present debt of the corporation of
Washington ?
Mr. BROWN. I really do not know what it
is, nor do I think for the purpose of this bill it is
at all important. This cannot by possibility, I
tell the Senator again, fail to be a self-sustaining
institution. The profits are pledged for the re-
demption of the debt, and I tell him again, that
the present profits, as the committee was assured
by those who know, are about thirty-two thou-
sand dollars. It is supposed they will be §50,000,
growing out of this new market-house.
Mr. PUGH. I understand the present debt of
the city is §800,000. Now, I do not say but that
the Senator may be right, that the rents from the
proposed market-house may be sufficient to pay
the interest, and perhaps create a sinking fund;
but we all know that no project was ever proposed
of any such character to a legislative body, that
did not have some such argument in its favor. I
believe the State of New York, and certainly the
State of Ohio, has had a very bitter experience in
her internal improvements on such arguments, and
their failure to realize those splendid profits. Un-
doubtedly thisdebt will be charged on the property
of the citizens of Washington. They may never
be called on to make itgood; the income from the
market-house may be sufficient; but nevertheless,
to use the credit of the city is to impose a tax on
the property. It seems to me that a corporate
body, elected for one^ycar or two years, ought not
to impose so large a liability on the people of
Washington, without the tax-payers having an
opportunity to speak upon it The House has
provided that the question shall be submitted to
them. If it can be shown to people in all parts of
the city that it never will be a tax on them, they
will not object to it. I am very much afraid that if
this bill passes and the projcct should not realize
as much as is cxpected, we shall be called upon to
take some steps out of the Treasury of the United
States to relieve the city of Washington from its
taxation. That is the next thing to be expected;
and I think the better course is, before these gen-
tlemen enter upon this expenditure of money, that
the tax-payers should express their opinion on it.
I shall not offer any opposition to the bill further
than expressing my opinion on it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to prolong this
question 
J Mr. PUGH. One word more, if the Senator
! pleases. I believe there is scarcely a State that
[ has had occasion to revise her constitution with-
, m the last few years which has not provided that
i no debt shall be created beyond a given amount,
without being submitted to the people. That is
the provision of the constitution of Ohio, and I
beiieve of New York, and perhaps many other
States.
Mr. BROWN. I have said about all I desire
to say in reference to this matter. I believe that
the introduction of these sections will defeat the
whole scheme, and mainly through the instru-
mentality of people who have nothing to do with
it, and have no concern m it. I state again what
I stated before, because I want Senators to make
note of it, that I cannot, for the life of me, see how
it is possible ever to become a charge on the tax-
payers of this city. I say again, that the pres-
ent indifferent structure, unsightly as it is, would
pay the interest on $200,000 at six per cent, and
make a sinking fund sufficient to take it up. Can
the profits of a new building be less than that?
Mr. HALE. I wish to askaquestion. Is there
any limit ? May they not go on and build a mar-
ket-house at a cost of $1,000,000?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; they are limited to
$200,000.
Mr. HALE. They are limited to $200,000 in
issuing bonds.
Mr. BROWN. There was in the original bill—
and I should have no objection to it here—a lim-
itation of $220,000; that, under no circumstances
should they contract for a building to cost more
than that sum. I have no objection to that amend-
ment at all; but we had better dispose of one
question at a time. I am perfectly willing to have
that limitation inserted. I think it right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m the amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike out sections two, three,and four
of the House amendment.
The Secretary read the sections proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
Sec. 2. J3nd be it further enacted, That at the fiist an-
nual election held In haul city alter the pass-age of this aU,
the peiFon or board rocmving the votuol each voter at surli
election, who is. a freeholder or hoiwhoklei of said city,
shall propound to such voter the followmgqucstioiMo wit:
" Are you in favor of creating a debt of $200,000 for the *
building of a new market-house r,? and the answer to &aid
question, whether yes or no, shall be set down upon the s
poll-list opposite the name of fctich voter; and- in case a
majority ot such freeholders and householders answer said i
question in the affirmative, then this act shall take effect,
and continue in full force, but not otherwise.
Sec. 3. Jlixd he it further enacted. That the Mayor of said
<?ity shall cause notice to be given of tlie taking of said
vote, by publication in three or more of the newspaper? '
published in said city, at least ten days prior to the day of
holding said election, which notice shall distinctly state the
question to be propounded as aforesaid to the freehold and
householdmg electors at said election.'
Sec. 4. Jbul be it further enacted, That in case this act
shall take effect, as hereinbefoie provided, it shall'be so
construed as to vest the title to said lots in said corporation
so long as the maikct-house and apartments shall be con-
tinued thereon, and used for the purpose aforesaid, and no
longer.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays upon •
the motion to strike out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH, I ask for a division. Let the
question be taken first on striking out the second
and third sections. The fourth section is on a dif-
ferent subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A division be-
ing called for, the question is on striking out the
second and third sections, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to* say a single word
on this subject. In the first place, the Senate have
already adopted an amendment in the preceding
section exactly like this; that is, they have stricken
out of the first section of the bill that provision
which requires its submission to the people for
their approval or disapproval. The sections which
it is now proposed to strikeout relate only to the
mode and manner in which the thing shall be car*
ried out. I desire also to state to Senators that if
they will look into the bill, they will sec there is
still another amendment reported by the commit-
tee to come in at the end of the first section of
the bill, in these words:
Provided, ho'rever, That the Government of the United
Statf s shall, in no event whatever, be, either directlyor in-
directly, liable for the principal or interest upon any loan
which may be obtained under the provisions of this act-
And I shall offer an addition to that provision,
m these words:
And that the entire revenue of «aid building shall, after
paying contingent expenses and mtercM on the stock, he
appiopuated to the payment of the stock issued in accord-
ance wall the piovi&ions of this act.
That will make this building, as the chairman
of the committee has said,a self-sustaining insti-
tution. I have no doubt it will create a sinking
sum vastly more than enough to pay for the build-
ing within the twenty years prescribed for the
debt. The committee gave it a very careful con-
sideration, and were unanimously of opinion that
this was the better mode.
Mr. HALE. I know how well these calcula-
tions sound on paper; and if I had not lately read
a report from a select committee of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Maine, showing how such
calculations utterly fail, I might be induced to
agree to this; but I recollect that one of the most
glorious prospects was presented there about a
Canada speculation, which was going to be a self-
paying concern. The treasurer of the State went
into it and invested $100,000 of the money of the
people of Maine, and never got a dollar of it in
return, and the concern has failed to be a paying
concern. Such calculations often fail; and lest this
might be so too, I think wo had better keep these
sections in the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I say again to the Senator
this is not the result of calculation of what may
be done, but the fact has been absolutely demon-
strated. I tell the Senator again, that the rents
and profits of the present house would more than
take up this debt, to say nothing of an improved
house.
Mr. CLARK. Who is to pay this debt in the
end? As I understand it, the corporation. Then
why should not the corporation say whether they
wiil create it or not? The Government is not to
be liable for it, if the amendment bo adopted that
the Government of the United States shall, in no
event, be cither directly or indirectly liable.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will allow me,
I will answer that question m a word. There is,
in the present charter of the city of Washington, a
clause denying to the corporation the right to bor-
row money upon the faith of the Government,
and issue bonds This is only making an excep-
