272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 28.
cannot consistently, therefore, vote for any man
of a party whoso action has resulted thus. T will
not do it, except in the case which [ have stated.
Mr. RUST. My colleague and myself belong
to the harmonious Democracy of our State of
Arkansas, [laughter;] and, sir, we will not get
into any controversy upon this floor. Each of us
is responsible for his own course, and 1 suppose
that each is ready to assume the proper responsi-
bility for his action here. I have submitted my
proposition for the organization of the House.
Let it be judged by its merits and the object sought
to be accomplished by it.
Mr. Clerk, I may not again secure the floor
during this discussion; and, if there be no objec-
tion, I will make a few remarks upon general
topics which have been introduced during this dis-
cussion. Gentlemen from the North have endeav-
ored to justify northern aggression upon southern
rights by charging the South with a design to
reopen the African slave trade. "When that charge
was made, a few days ago, I sought the floor at
the time, in order to make a reply in behalf of the
constituency I represent. Perhaps, sir, I repre-
sent a larger number of slaveholders than any
other member upon this floor. I have enjoyed
tolerably good opportunities for informing myself,
and I declare here that I do not believe, in any
State, district, or county, south of Mason and Dix-
on's line, a respectable minority—respectable 111
number—can be found in favor of the reopening
of the foreign slave trade. I do not believe that
any considerable number of southern citizens
would violate the law against that traffic, or vote
in favor of its repeal. For myself, if that law did
not exist, I will say that I would strive for the
floor, the first day after the organization of this
House, in order to propose a measure denouncing
that traffic as piracy, and imposing the severest
penalties upon it.
And, sir, so far as the expeditions gotten up in.
the city of New York, upon free soil and not 111
the South, and which are sustained by northern
capital, against Nicaragua and tin; other Central
American States, are concerned, I tell this House
that I denounced those expeditions in my canvass
previous to the election in my district. Yet I was
returned here by ten thousand majority. I think
that the only mistake made by Commodore Pauld-
ing was, that after catching William Walker, he
did not string him up at the yard-arm of his vessel.
I denounced him as a pirate and a bandit,as fit a
subject for the hand of the public executioner as
any pirate that ever walked a quarter deck.
Mr. GAK.NETT. In illustration of the man-
ner in which propositions like, that of my friend
from Arkansas are regarded by the people of Vir-
ginia, and, as I believe, by the people of the en-
tire South, 1 desire to have read resolutions which
I have just received from Governor Wise, of Vir-
ginia, wlueli were presented by a member of the
southern Opposition, seconded by a leading mem-
ber of the Democratic party, and unanimously
passed by both branches of the Virginia General
Assembly.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
" Resolved^ That wo. wish to aspurethe Representatives of
this State in Consioss, m the difficult circumstance m
which they are placed, of the warm sympathy of this Gen-
eral Assembly in the struggle in which tlwyaie engaged,
and of our coidml support of every ptopcr meamit thev
may adopt to protect the ju^t njflus'of this State and of the
Fouth, the integrity of the Union and the authonty of the
Constitution.
"Resolved, That wc lccommend, in ricw of the public
danger, the union of all the elements of opposition to Black
Republicanism, and its candidatefoi £peakei,on anytenns
consistent wilii fairness and honor, whensoever hv Mich
union ft< defeat can be accomplished and the organization
of the House effected
" Resolved, That the Governor be requested to for waul to
our Representative^ in Congress a copy of thebt' j evolu-
tions."
Mr. GrARNETT. I wish toropeatthattho.se
resolutions wore introduced info the Legislature
ky Wyndham Robertson, former Lieutenant Gov-
ernor of Virginia, and now one of the leading mem-
bers of the southern Opposition in i he Legislature,
ond they were parsed unanimously by the House
of Dcl'^ates and the Senate.
Mr. It [1ST. I listened with regret, a few days
ago, to the remarks submitted by the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Sin'gi,etoni] with reference
to what is called the territorial question, and 1 be-
lieve a large majority of the members upon this
side of the House participated in that feeling.
This, sir, is no time for members of the same
political organization, devoted to the same objects,
professing the same national and conservative sen-
timents upon the paramount question of the day,
to quarrel among themselves upon unpractical
and impracticable issues. I have for a long time
believed that the great Democratic party of this
Union must degenerate into one as purely sec-
tional as that of which the gentleman from Ohio,
upon the other side [Mr. Sherman] is the leader
upon this floor, if wc refuse to affiliate with those
gentlemen from the free States of the Union who
maintain the doctrine of popular sovereignty. I
approach this subject with diffidence.
1 shall not collate the arguments which have
been advanced upon the one side or the other of
this question; but content myself with simply
stating, without supporting by argument, my own
views upon the subject, for which no one is re-
sponsible but myself. It is not, in my judgment, of
sufficient moment to produce discord among the
different States of this Confederacy, or alienation
and estrangement between members of the same
political party, whether the people ofaTerritory,
m Legislature assembled, shall determine or not
that slavery is adapted to their wants, most con-
ducive to their welfare, not congenial to their taste
and feelings and prejudices, or whether the same
people, assembled at the same time, in another
capacity, shall determine the same thing. The
only difficulty to overcome is to agree upon a time
when they shall exercise that right. No states-
man would contend that six out of eleven of Amer-
ican citizens who had first settled upon one of the
Territories of the United States should determine
the character of its institutions and deny the right
of immigration within its limits to any other cit-
izen with any property he might bring with him,
recognized as such by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
It seems to mc that ail might consent that this
right should be held in abeyance until the popu-
lation of the Territory should be sufficient to en-
title it, under the then existing ratio of represent-
ation, to a member upon this floor; and then, sir,
whether in convention or through their represent-
atives assembled, allow the people to exercise all
the rights of sovereignty wliich are enjoyed by
the several States of the Union. All the Federal
laws and State laws that can be enacted will never
establish an institution among a people repugnant
to their moral and religious sense, and opposed
to their ideas of social and political expediency.
The despotisms of Europe may force odious and
oppressive laws bearing upon unwilling and re-
bellious subjects at the point of the bayonet; but
here, sir, where our whole theory and form of
government is predicated upon the popular will,
and no law can ever be executed which is not
born of the wishes and interests of the public sen-
timent of the people over whom it is intended to
extend, and upon whom it is intended to operate,
a law, arbitrarily passed in contempt of the will
of the people affected by it, will always be a dead
letter upon the statute-book; and only tend to
weaken the force of all laws and impair the gen-
oral respect for those which are most wise and
salutary. I hope I shall never witness the enact-
ment of such a law, and would gladly sec every
one now in existence stricken from our statute-
books. A law by this Congress, by the Tern-
toriesof Kansas, Nebraska, Utaii, and NewMex-
ico, by all the States of this Confederacy, in favor
of slavery in those Territoiies, would come ni
conflict with laws older and more potent than all
of them, and be vain and futile.
Sir, no man can doubt my loyalty to the South:
no man can call in question my fidelity to the in-
stitutions m the miiUt of which I was born and
reared, have thus far lived, and iiope to die; and I
declare here to-day, m the presence of this House
and the country, that if, by an effort of my will,
by simply responding "ay" when my name was
called at that desk, i could bring one of those
Territories as a slave State into the Union, I would
not do it.
I have already declared my utter abhorrence of
the reopening of the African slave trade, and am
satisfied that for a longer period than we of this
generation are expected to provide, we have ample
territory to occupy all the slave labor, with its
natural increase, now upon this continent. Ark-
ansas, sir, the State which 1 have the honor in
part to represent, can herself supply more land of
inexhaustible fertility than can be fully developed
and cultivated by all the labor of that character
now devoted to agriculture within the present
! slave States of this Union. Arkansas, sir, can,
with the requisite labor, supply the present de-
mand of the whole world for cotton.
Slavery is not, and has never been, a question
of religion or morality. It was declared by Mr.
Webster in his time to be, but is not now, a ques-
tion of political power. But, sir, it is a question
of interest, of dollars and cents, of social and po-
litical economy. Slavery will always go where
it is most profitable, and where most profitable
it is most secure.
Sir, if the slaves upon this continent must be
migratory, do not drive them into the cold and in-
hospitable regions of the JNorthwcst, where they
must surely and rapidl y languish and die, but send
them to the genial climes and fruitful valleys of
the Southwest, where they will live and grow and
multiply and flourish, and be more productive
than upon any other part of the globe, and where
the institution itself, I verily believe, will survive
all the constitutions and governments now known
upon the earth.
No gentleman from my section of the* Union
may agree with me; but, from an honest and pro-
found conviction of what the true policy of my
constituents demand, I declare that I do not de-
sire to see slavery extend northward beyond the
thirty-sixth parallel of latitude. I would rather
strengthen, fortify, and intensify it where it exists
than to diffuse it ovor regions where causes beyond
the power and genius of man to control, and im-
mutable and infallible as God's laws must speed-
ily extinguish it. If " through far ages" I could
look into the abyss of the future and see a crowded,
redundant, and unproductive slave population,
where the institution now exists, I would say to
it, go beyond the Rio Grande and along the Mex-
ican Gulf. There is a country whose development
the interests of humanity everywhere impera-
tively demand. It can only be accomplished by
slave labor. Soil, climate, products, and God's
will, invite you. When once planted there, and
protected and defended by nature's laws, as you
will be, the laws of man will never uproot you.
Mr. Clerk, in the course of this debate, contin-
gencies have been anticipated which f trust may
never occur; and gentlemen upon this floor have
announced the purposes of themselves, and the
States which they represent, when they shall have
happened.
The people whom I represent, and whose sen-
timents upon this question I believe I faithfully
reflect, are eminently a national, conservative,
Union-loving people. Their love is not a roman-
tic, sentimental, unreasoning passion.
Wc do not, like the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Nelson,] love the Union because of its " lofty
mountains, its great rivers, its immense lakes, its
smiling valleys, its murmuring brooks, its broad
prairies,"and mighty cataracts." No, sir. Ours
is a sober, rational, calculating, and interested at-
tachment. We love the Union because, through
its Government, it £k establishes justice, insures
domestic tranquillity, provides for the common
defense, promotes the general welfare, and secures
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity;" and so long as it faithfully and impar-
tially performs these duties, and accomplishes
these beneficent object.?, in imitation of our fathers
when they declared their independence of the
British Crown, we will "pledge our lives, our
fori unus, and our sacred honor" to uphold and
i defend it.
j But, sir, when it is perverted and prostituted
j into an instrument of wrong, injustice, insult, and
i oppression, to the people of the slave States, or
j of any other of th^ States of this Union, we will
| oppose and resist it, though it should be rent into
! as many fragments as there arc States compos-
j it.
i in the event of Mr. Seward's election to the
! Presidency in I860, Arkansas will assume that
! modest, reserved, unobtrusive attitude which her
: geographical position, being remote from the prob-
able scenc of conflict, her youth as a sovereignty,
her comparatively limited resources, her want of
political prestige, render becoming in her. But,
if her elder sisters of this Confederacy—if Vir-
ginia, Maryland, Georgia, and the Carolinas,
shall determine that forbearance and submission
are no longer compatible with her safety, her in-
terests, or her honor, she will link her fortunes
