2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
■Mr. BENJAMIN. I am going on to show, if
the Senator will permit me, that the court adopted
that in the Dred Scott case. I do not think I leave
quite such an open joint as that, in my argument.
The court, in the Dred Scott case, go on:
"It is thus clear, from the whole opinion on this point,
that the couit did not mean to decide whether the power
was derived from the clause in the Constitution, or was the
necessary consequence of the light to acquire. They do
decide that the power in Congress is unquestionable, and
in this we entirely concur, and nothing will be found in this
opinion to the contrary. The power stands firmly on the
latter alternative put by the court—that is, as ' the inevita-
ble consequence of the right to acquire territory.'55
They entirely concurred. Is that dccided in the
Dred Scott case?
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator asks mo, I think
the sentence he emphasizedis expressly excluded
by the language of Judge Taney. He emphasized
the first paragraph; and then Judge Taney says
the power stands on the last paragraph.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, I will give you an-
other chance. Let us take 19 Howard, page 445,
referring to that same decision in Canter's ease:
" Thus n will be seen by these quotations from the opin-
ion, that the court, after stating the question it was about
to decide m a manner too plain to be misunderstood, pio-
cecded to decide it, and announced, as the opinion ot the
tribunal, that m oigamzmg the judicial department of the
Government in a Territoiy of the United States, Congress
does not act under, and is noticstrictcd by, the third aiticlo
in the Constitution, and is not bound, in a Territory, to or-
dain and establish courts in which the judges lioid their
offices dunnggood behavior, but may exeicise the discie-
tionary power which a State exercises in establishing its
judicial department, and regulating the jurisdiction of in
courts, and may authoiize the territonal govei nment To es-
tablish, or may itself establish, couits in which the judges
hold their othces for a term oi yeais only; and may vest in
them judicial power upon subjects con tided to the judicial y
of the United States. And in doing this, Congress un-
doubtedly exercises the combined power of theGeneial
and a Suite government, it exercises the discretionaty
power of a State government in authorising the establish-
ment of a coui tin which the judge? hold their appointments
for a term ot years only, and not during good behavior;
and it exeiciscs the power of the Gencial Covernment m
investing that court with admiralty jurisdiction, ovei which
the General Government had exclusive juusdiction in the
Territoiy.
"Noone, we presume, will question the correctness of
that opinion; nor is there anything in conflict with it m
the opinion now given."
How now?
Mr. PUGH. 1 do not tlunk that helps you
any.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States has the discretionary power of a State
in the Territories. The Congress of the United
States has the undoubted power to govern the
Territories, as they are called.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator surely knows that
the decision does not say that. It says, Congress
has that power in the establishment of courts and
conferring admiralty jurisdiction. That very
paragraph in Canter's case was debated in the
Senate four years ago between the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] and the Senator**'rom
Michigan, Genera! Cass. The court's attention
was drawn to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The court's attention was
evidently drawn to it, as the Senator says; but
will the Senator tell me that the Congress of the
United States has the power to exercise the dis-
cretionary power of a State in a Territory, in or-
ganizing its judiciary, without having any power
to govern the Territory?
Mr. PUGH. So far as the courts of the Uni-
ted States are concerned, it exercises the same
power within the States, for it provides for set-
tling a contioversy between two individuals, by
the action of the Federal Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator say that
the Congress of the United States has power to
provide for establishing judges in the States for a
term of years?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; because the Constitution
forbids that; but I say, and that is what the court
means, that in clothing the territorial courts with
admiralty jurisdiction, first in the establishment
of the courts, and next in defining their juris-
diction, they exercise powers appertaining both
to the Federal and State Governments; but as to
asserting that Congress had all the powers of a
State Government in a Territory, it is neither in
Canter's case nor in the Dred Scott ease, nor any
other.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Assuredly, the Supreme
Court of the United States tells us exactly where
they stop. They say Congress has all the powers
of a State in a Territory, except where the Con-
stitution of the United States interferes. That,
perhaps, is also disputed.
Mr. PUGH. Yes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well; letme read the
decision:
" As we have before said"—
speaking of this territory belonging to the United
States—
" it was acquired by the General Government, as the rep-
resentative and trustee of-the peopie of the United States,
and it must, therefore, be held in that character for their
common and equal benefit; for it was the people of the
several States, acting through their agent and represent-
ative, the Federal Government, who in fact acquired the
Territory in question, and the Government holds it for their
common use until it shall be associated with the other
States as a member of the Union.
" 15ut until that tune amves,it is undoubtedly necessary
that some government sliuuld be established, in oider to
organize society, and piotect the. inhabitants m their per-
sons and piopeity; and as the people ol the United States
could act in this matter only tluough the Government
which repiqsentcd them, and through which they spoke
and acted when thcTcrutoiy was obtained, it was not only
withm the scopc of its power?*, but it was its duty, to pass
such laws and establish such a government as would enable
those by whose authority they acted to leap the advantages
anticipated from its acquisition, and to gather there a pop-
ulation which would enable it to assume the position to
which it was destined among the States of the Union. The
power to acquire necessarily cairies with it the power to
pieserve and apply to the purposes for which it was ac-
quired. The loim of government to be established neces-
sarily rested in the discretion of Congress, it was their
duty to establish the one that would be best suited for the
protection and security of the citizens of the United States,
and other inhabitants who might be authorized to take up
their abode there, and that must always depend upon the
existing condition of the Territoiy, as to the number and
character ot its inhabitants, and their situation in the Ter-
utoiy. In some cases a government, consisting of persons
appointed by the Fedcial Government, would best subserve
the mteiests of the Territory when the inhabitants were
few and scattered and new to one another. In other in-
stances, it would be more advisable to commit the jyoivers
of self-government to the people who had settled in the
'i'erutoiy, as being the most competent to determine what
was best foi their own interests. But some form of civil
authority would be absolutely necessary to organize and
preseive civilized society, and prepare it to become a State;
and what is the best form must always depend on the con-
dition of the Territory at the time, and the choice of the
mode must depend upon the exercise of a discretionary
power by Congiess, acting within the scope of its constitu-
tional authoiity, and not liifunging upon the lights of per-
son or the lights of property of the citizen who might go
there to reside, or tor any other lawful purpose, it was
aequiied by the exercise of this discretion, and it must be
held and governed in like manuer, until it is fitted to be a
State."
The Congress has not only the right to govern
it, but the right either to govern it by delegating
persons to hold authority, or by exercising its
discretion and committing to the people the right
of self-government—giving to the people the right
of self-government; by the action of Congress,
not by inherent sovereignty—a grant to be made
by Congress to the people of a Territory, of self-
government through their Legislature; and yet
the honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
tells us that, although the Supreme Court of the
United States decided in that case (a decision by
which he agreed to abide) that the Congress of
the United States have the unquestioned power to
govern tile Territories; and, although the court
decided that Congress could govern them in any
way it pleased m its discretion, and although the
court decided that one mode of governing them
was, tor Congress to commit to the inhabitants
there a power of self-government; when Con-
gress has committed that power, he says that the
people wiio got it from Congress have inoie right
than Congress itself; and that the Territorial Le-
gislature, which draws its legislative power from
a grant by Congress, can rise higher than the
powers possessed by the grantor; or, in other
words, that the stream can rise above its source.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator say that the
court meant that Congress makes a grant of the
power of self-government to the people of a Ter-
ritory ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Clearly.
Mr. PUGH. Where does Congress get the
power of self-government? The phrase is that
Congress has power of self-government over a
Territory. It is a contradiction in terms.
Mr BENJAMIN. Who says that? Here is
the same idol—evasion.
Mr. PUGH. If I should respond to the Sena-
tor in equal temper, 1 should call his an evasion.
I desire to know where lie finds, in the £)red Scott
case, the proposition?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The court says that Con-
gress may, without reference to the action of the
people of a Territory, govern it as it pleases in its
discretion. Then the court says Congress may,
instead of that, give to the people the power of
self-government.
Mr. PUGH. " Commit."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Commit to the people the
power of self-government. What is there absurd
m that?
Mr. PUGH. There is nothing absurd in that;
but I was about to say to the Senator, if that phrase
fits him, I hope he will give the explanation 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The absurdity is that of
the court, not mine.
Mr. PUGH. Undoubtedly in the case of Lou-
isiana, which the Senator from Georgia cited yes-
terday, that act was simply preliminary, to get
possession of the country; and until you have a
sufficient community it is all idle to talk about
self-government; but I understand that paragraph
to be that, whenever the period arrives that a com-
munity is there and Congress recognizes the com-
munity, Congress has no power of self-govern-
ment to grant; it has no such power. If there is
any such" power, it comes from some other placc,
and 1 say it does not come fiom Congress. Con-
gress did not iiave it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is meant by Con-
gress committing the power of self-government
to the people ?
Mr. PUGH. Acknowledging it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Commit means to ac-
knowledge ? Very well.
Mr. PUGH. In that sense. I ask the Senator,
how Congress can commit a power which Con-
gress could not by any possibility have; for it is
an absurdity in terms to say that Congress has
the power of self-govermcnt in the Territories ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Congress has the power of
government.
Mr. PUGH. Then leave the word "self"
out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Exactly; when applied to
Congress. Congress has the power of govern-
ment over the Territories; but when Congress com-
mits the power to the people to govern themselves,
that is a power of self-government m them. It
seems to mo so plain that language cannot make
it plainer. I cannot pursue the discussion on that
point with the Senator from Ohio.
But, sir, the Supreme Court of the United States,
in relation to this power of Congress and of the
Territorial Legislatures, has not stopped where I
have just read. It has gone further, and said:
"The powers over person and propeity of which wc
speak"—
that is, the power of confiscating the slaves of
the citizens of the slavehoidmg States, if they go
into the Territories—
" are not only not granted to Oon«res«i, hut are in evpies^
tenns denied, and they aic toibulden to exevei.-e them.
And tins prohibition is not confined to tiie States, but the
words arc general, and extend to the whole territory over
which the Constitution gives it power to lesri'-late, includ-
ing those portions of it lcmaimng under temtoual govern-
ment, as well as that covered bv States. It is a total ab-
sence of power everywhere within ihe dominion of the
United States, and places the citizens ot aTemtory,sofar
as these rights areconccincd,on the same tooting with the
citizens of the States, and guards them as firmly and plainly
against any inioads which the Geneial Government might
attempt, under the plea of implied or incidental powers.
And if Congiess itself cannot do this; if it is beyond the
powers conferred on the Federal Government, it will be
admitted, we presume, that it couid not authoiize a tec-
torial government to exercise them. Jt could confer no
power on any local government, established by its outhoi-
lty, to violate the provisions of the Constitution."
Congress cannot destroy the property of a cit-
izen in his slave in a Territory. Congress can
commit to the people of a Territory the power
of government—the Senator says " self-govern-
ment" is absurd—then, let us say the power of
government; but in so committing it, the court
say they presume it will be admitted that Con-
gress cannot authorize a territorial government to
cxcrcise the powers which it is prohibited from
exercising. Again:
"And if the Constitution recognizes the right of piop-
crty of the mastci in a slave, and makes no di.-tmction be-
tween that description of property and other propeity owned
bva citizen, no tribunal, acting under the authoiity of the
United States"—
And surely the Territorial Legislatures, when
organized, are acting under our authority—
"no tiibunal, acting under the authority of the United
States, whether it be legislative, executive, or judicial, has
a right to diaw such a distinction, or deny to it the benefit
of the provisions and guarantees which have been pro-
