1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
tion to that clause of the charter in favor of this
particular object. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the second and third sections of
the bill; on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
• The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 13; as follows:
yeas —Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bragg, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Clingman, Collamer, Fessenden, Fitzp^t-
rick, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Johnson of Arkansas, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, Rice,
Seward, Shdeil, Suinner, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and
Yulee—2&
NAYS—Mesas. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden,
Doolittlc, Durkee, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Pugh, Ten
Eyck, and Trumbull—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee, to
strike out section four, in the following words:
Sec. 4. Jlndbc it further enacted, That in case tlii^ act
shall take effect, as hereinbefore provided, it shall be so
construed as to vest the title to &aid!ots in &aid coiporation
so long as the market-house and apaitments shall be con-
tinued thereon, and used for the purpose aforesaid, and no
longer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the next amendment of the committee,
to insert at the end of the bill:
Provided, however, That the Government of the United
States. shall, in no event whatever, be either directly or
indirectly liable for the principal or interest upon any loan
which may be obtained under the provisions of this act.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding the following:
And the entire revenue of said building shall, after pay-
ing contingent expenses and interest on stock, be appro-
priated to the payment of the stock issued in accordance to
the provisions of this act.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on tl e amendment as amended.
Mr. HALE. I simply desire to make a single
suggestion to the chairman of the committee. I
am in favor of the amendment as it is amended
by the Senator from Maine; but 1 would ask, if
we amend this bill by inserting these words,that
the Government of the United States shall in no
event whatever be liable, does it not give rise to
the implication that without such words we might
be liable for the debts of the corporation ?
Mr. BROWN. I will say that that was pre-
cisely the view some of the members of the com-
mittee took of it. Oihers^houghtdifForently; and
if was finally deemed better to put in the words.
Mr. HA£E. 1 have no idea that the Govern-
ment of the United States are liable for the debts
of this city any more than they are for the city in
which I live.
Mr. BROWN. Nor have I.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me, however, that there
isdangerin putting in this exceptingclause in this
case; because it may leave an implication that in
other bills where there is not such restriction, the
Government might be liable. I make the sug-
gestion to the chairman of the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I care very little about it. I
have no idea that th«s Government would be liable
under any circumstances; but my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] who is a member of
the committee, thought differently, and we con-
sidered it safer to put it in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In the first
place, the bill was an act authorizing the corpo-
rate authorities to borrow money. It might be
considered that as thcGovcrnmentauthonzed this
to be done,in the event the city authorities should
fail to pay it, by implication the Government
might be considered liable. It seemed to me,
therefore, to prevent all difficulty, either on the
part of those that borrow or those that loan, that
the Government should say to the world, to every-
body that had money to loan, if you loan this
money you do not loan it upon the faith of the
Government, but upon the credit and faith of the
corporation. It is very common for this Govern-
ment to assume the debtsof everybody about here.
In authorizing a loan of money, it seems to me
but fair for the moneyed portion of the world to say
to them: " in no event do we intend to make the
Government liable for the payment of this money,
either the principal or interest "
Mr. BROWN. I hope we shall take a vote.
I do not care about it.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to amend the bill
by adding as an additional section, for the satis-
faction of some gentlemen on the other side, the
following:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no more than $220,000
shall be expended in building said market-house, nor shall
anv contracts be entered into which involve a larger ex-
penditure for the completion of the same.
It has been suggested that possibly they might
expend more money than they asked for, and this
amendment is to meet that objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the House, as thus amended,
was concurred in.
ORDEll OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the consideration of the special order having
arrived, it becomes the duty of the Chair to an-
nounce that the first business in order is the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, the homestead bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
now that the unfinished business of yesterday is
before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
first business in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then, by per-
mission of the Senate, and in order that we may
have the subject before us, I desire to make a re-
port from the Committee on Public Lands. That
committee, to whom was referred the bill of the
House (No. 280) to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain, have instructed me
to report the bill back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, striking out all after the
enacting clausc. I desire that the amendment be
printed. The subject is now before the Senate,
and I hope the amendment will be printed, and
the bill, as proposed to be amended, be placed on
the Calendar.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I desire to ask what was the
disposition of the report on the homestead bill of
the House? I did not hear it, and I should like
to know what it was.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. As I under-
stand it, the position of the business before the
Senate is this: the unfinished business ofycstcrday
was before the Senate, and by permission of the
Senate I reported bock a bill which had been re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands granting
homesteads to actual settlers, with an amendment
to strike out the whole of the original bill after
the enacting clause, and requested that the amend-
ment might be printed, leaving the unfinished
business, the homestead bill, bef®re the Senate,
just as it was.
Mr. WADE. Do I understand the Senator to
say that the House bill is now before the Senate ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No, sir; but
the unfinished business of yesterday. By per-
mission of the Senate, I simply reported back the
House bill from the committee, with a view of
having the amendment of the committee printed,
and the unfinished business is of course before
the Senate.
Mr. WADE. What is that amendment? I
should like to hear it read for information.
Mr. GWIN. If I understand it aright, the
amendment reported by the Senator from Ten-
nessee is merely the Senate bill now before tha
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will state,
with the permission of the Senator from Califor-
nia, that the Committee on Public Lands, after
mature and deliberate consideration, have reported
back, substantially, with no material alteration
whatever, the bill now before the Senate as a sub-
stitute for the House bill.
Mr. WADE. Then, if I understand the Sen-
ator, the Committee on Public Lands have sub-
stantially reported back the House homestead
bill, and superseded it with the Senate bill; that
is, they have reported the Senate bill as a substi-
tute for the other.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That is it.
Mr. WADE. Do I understand that amend-
ment was agreed to? ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Itwas merely ordered to
be printed, and it is not now before the Senate, I
think
Mr. WADE. Then I move that we proceed
to the consideration of the homestead bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That is the
subject now before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I know it is the special order
for to-day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What will be the imme-
diate question upon that bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chesnut
in the chair.) The Chair will state the condition
of the business. The first question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senator from Ohio to
allow the homestead bill to be passed over in-
formally for a few moments, in order that the Sen-
ate may agree to some amendments to the tele-
graph bill, which has been reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and have it printed with those amendments, as I
wish to call it up on Saturday. I desire to have
action on these amendments, which will take but
a moment, in order that we m'ay have the bill
printed as amended. It will not occupy as long
as I have been talking about it. I hope the Sen-
ator will agree to allow that to be done.
Mr. WADE. If it will not take much time, I
have no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate that the special order be laid
aside informally, with a view of taking up the bill
indicated by the Senator from California? The
Chair hears no objection.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate now take
up the bill I have referred to, in order that action
may be had on the amendments I have indicated,
and that then it may be printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 84) to facilitate communica-
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific States by
electric telegraph.
The bill, as originally introduced by Mr. Gwin,
directed the Postmaster General, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, to con-
tract with the Placcrvillc, Humboldt, and Salt
Lake Telegraph Company for the use by the Gov-
ernment of a lino or lines of magnetic telegraph
from the city of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, to San Francisco, in the State of Cal-
ifornia, for a period of ten years, at an annual
rate of compensation not exceeding $50,000; and
to grant permission to the company to use, dur-
ing that term, any unoccupied lands on the route
of that line or lines which may be necessary; but
such line or lines of telegraph are to be open to
the use of all citizens of the United States during
the term of the contract. The Government is to
be at all times entitled to priority in the use of the
line or lines; and the Secretary of War is to have
the privilege of connecting them by telegraph with
any military posts of the United States.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads reported the bill back with an amendment
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert:
That the Postmaster General, under the dnection of the
President of the United States, is hereby authoiized and
directed to contract with Zcnas fearnum, Thomas R. Walk-
er, John H. BeriyMH, Hiram Sibley, Noiman Green, John
J). Caton, Frederic A. Bee, and Charles M. Stcbbin^, or
their assigns, or a majority of said contractors or aligns,
for the use by the Government of a line or lines of magnetic
telegraph, to bo constructed within twoyeais from the 31st
day of July, I860, from some point or points wc.*t of the
Mississippi river, (connecting at such point or points by
tele.naph with the cities of Washington, New Oilcans, New
Yoik, Charleston. Philadelphia, Boston, and other cit'e-j in
the Atlantic', southern, and western State?,) to the citv of
San Ftancisco, in the State of California, for a period of
ten yeais, at an annual rate of compensation not'exceed-
ing .$.>0,000; and permission is hereby granted to the said
parties, or a majority of them, and their assign*, to u--p,
until the end of the said term, any unoccupied lands on the
route of said line or lines winch may be neces?ary for the
same . Provided, That the Government shall, at oil times,
be entitled to priority in the use of the line or lines, and
that the Secretary of War shall have the privilege of con-
necting said line or lines by telegraph with an> military
posts of the United States, and to use the same for Gov-
ernment purposes : And provided also, That said line or
lines, except such as may be constructed by the Govern-
ment to connect said line or lines with the military po^ts
of the United States, shall be open to the use of all citizens
of the United States during the term of the said contract,
on payment of the regular charges for trans-mission of dis-
patches.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said contract-
ors, or their assigns, shall have the right to construct and
