3180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Barr, Beale, Francis
P. Bfair} Samuel S. Biair, Blake, Bouiigny, Brabson, Bray-
ton, Briggs, Bufiinton, Burlinganle, Burnhani, Campbell,
Carey, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, Colfax, Corwin,
Cftvode, Cox, Curtis, Dawes, Dc Jamctte, Dunn, Eliot,
Ely, Farnsvvorth, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Frank,
French, Gilmer, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Harde-
man, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Haskin, Hatton,
Hfcimick, Hill, Hoard, William Howard, Hutchins, Jen-
kins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyoa, Killinger, De-
Witt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis,Maiiory,Marston, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, Mc-
Kean, McKtiight, McPherson, Millson, IVIiilward, Moor-
bead, Edward Joy Morris, Ic-aac N. Morris, Nelson, Nixon,
OUn, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Quarles,
Rice, Christopher ltobinson, Itoyce, Sedgwick, c?ome3,
Spanldfng, Spinner, William Stewart, Stokes, Tappan,
Taylor, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandevcr, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Walton, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Webber, VVells , Wilson, Winslow, Woodruff, and
Woodson—118.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. BRANCH stated, as he understood there
would be no public business ready to-night, he
would vote in the affirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. GrARNETT, I rise to a point of order.
The report of the Committee on Printing is in
order. 1 concede that; but I hold that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee is not in
o-rder. It proposes the printing of extra numbers
of certain documents, and under the rule that prop-
osition must go to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The Chair sustains the point of order,
and rules (he amendment out of order.
Mr. NELSON. I move to amend by substi-
tuting " one hundred" in the place of "fifty."
^ Mr. GURLEY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr, REAGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "fifty," and inserting
" ten."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
is not in order after the previous question is
called.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill of the
House entitled "An act to repeal the second sec-
tion and other portions of an act passed June 2,
1858, entitled 'An act to provide for the location
of certain confirmed private land claims in the
State of Missouri, and for other purposes.' "
PRINTING DOCUMENTS—AGAIN.
Mr. REAGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
"Which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY. I am directed, by the Com-
mittee on Public Printing, to report the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, foi the use of the mem-
bers* of the House, twenty-five thousand extra eopu*a of
the bill and report prepared by the committee on the Pacific
rail toad.
I #111 say that it will cost only five or six cents
per copy. I move the previous question.
Mr. BARItSDALE moved (at half past nine
o'clock) that the House adjourn, and called for
the yeas and nays upon the'motion.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjoinn was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege. Some six or eight days ago a prop-
osition was made in the House by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Sher-
man,] to allow several gentlemen to print their
speeches. I objected to the privilege being given
to them, unless the privilege was afforded me to
reply to the speech of my colleague, [Mr. Wasii-
burne,] indorsing and sustaining the Republican
nominee for President, Mr. Lincoln. By the uni-
versal consent ofall the members then in the House,
I was to have the floor at some subsequent time for
that purpose. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means and all present assented to
it. Since that time I have labored zealously to be
recognized by the Speaker.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order. His question is not a question
of privilege.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am stating my
point of order; and I desire to finish my statement,
with the permission of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
say that, so far as the gentleman has proceeded,
he has not stated a question of privilege.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have not got
through yet, and I hope the Chair will suspend his
decision until I finish my statement. I was about
to remark that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has not afforded me the oppor-
tunity I expected he would. The point I make is,
that it having been universally agieed by all the
members present at the time 
Mr. MAYNARD. I must call the gentleman
from flhnois to order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It having been
agreed upon, on all hands, that I should have the
opportunity of replying to the speech of my col-
league, 1 desire to have that agreement carried
out, and that that opportunity shall be afforded
me to-night, to-morrow night, or some tiinu befoic
this Congress adjourns. If I can have unanimous
consent to speak to-morrow night, I will waive
the privilege now; otherwise, I insist on speaking
now.
_ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman raises no question of
privilege. The Chair, however, will put the ques-
tion to the House whether they will give their
unanimous conscnt to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois. [Ciies of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. MORRIS, of III inois. I perceive that the
objection to my replying to my colleague comes
from the Republican side of the House only. If
they now di-ny me the piiviiege they conceded a
week ngo 1 should have, and which was assented
to by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, the only alternative J have is to a.sk
the consent of the House to publish my remarks.
I should like to deliver them jn the House, for I
have not written them; but, if 1 can do no better,
I will print them.
There being no objection, the permission to
print was granted.
[II is specch will be published in the Appendix.]
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. NELSON. I desire to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution, merely that it may be referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Rcsoh'cJ, That one hundred thousand copies of the re-
pot ts of the m.ijuuty and minouty of the Counnttteo on
Public EApemhtuie-, and one bundled thousand copies of
the iepoit- ofthc inaumty and minority of the Committee
on Naval Expenditures, with the evidence before each of
said committee*, bis printed and bound together for the u-e
of the inembot?. ol the House; but this resolution is not to
be construed as embiacing the reports of the naval investi-
gating committee made at the las-t .session of Cotigiess.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the introduction
of that resolution; and I hold that a single objec-
tion will exclude it. Why? Because a resolu-
tion to be introduced into this House, although
it may have to go, under the rules of the House,
to the Committee on Public Printing, must have
unanimous consent, except when introduced upon
the call of the States for resolutions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. If objection be made,
the gentleman from Tennessee can introduce the
resolution under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. NELSON. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURNETT. Upon that 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say that this, with
the resolution which we have already passed for
printing, will involve an expense of $500,0U0.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WINSLOW. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SICKLES. I withd raw the motion.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 renew the motion. It cer-
tainly is time to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
The question was put; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 91, noes 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh, William C.
Anderson, Barr, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Brnbson, Brayton, Bri&tovv, Butfinton, Bur-
lingame, Buinbnm, Campbell, Carey. Carter, Colfax, Co-
vode, Curtis II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Ferry, Foster, Gilmer,
Gooch, G„raham, Grow, Gurley, Haideman, J Morrison
Harris, Ilaskin, Hatton, Ilebmek, William A. Howaid,
Humphrey, Ilutehin*, Junkin, Konyon, Killinger, James
M. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Mallory, Maymud.
McPherson, Millward, Morrill, Edward Jov Mori is". Nel-
son, Nixon, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Quarles,
Rice, Chn>topher Robinson, Royee. Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Stokes, Tb^-ej. Tompkins, Vance, Van-
dever, Van Wyck, Vcnee, Wade, Walton, Cadwalnder C.
Washburn, Eihhu B. Wasbburuc, Isaac! Wa-dibum, Web-
ster, Wells, and Woodruff-—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Avery, Bark^dale, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bianch, Biiggs, Buich, Burnett, Horace F.
Claik, Clopton, Cobb, Cox, I)e Jarnette, Florence, Fouke,
John T. Hariis, Ilou-ton, William Howard, Hushes, Jones,
Lanciium, Larrabec, Leake, Maciay, Elbert S. Martin,
McQueen, Mcltac, Millson, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pugh, Reagan, Biggs, Huffin, Sieklev, Stalhvoith,
Stevenson, James A. Stew'ait, Stout,.Thomas, and Wright
—4.3.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
Duiing the vote,
Mr. BURNETT stated that Mr. Craige, of
North Carolina, had paired off with Mr. Tappan,
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that Mr.
Crawford lmd paired off with Mr. Train.'
Mr. FRENCH stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that* Mr.
Jenkins had paired off with Mr. Trimble.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Wood.
Mr. SHERMAN said: I have been absent this
evening on a committee of conference; otherwise
1 should have voted in favor of the homestead bill.
Mr. HALE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Winslow.
Mr. BINGHAM said: I have been absent this
evening, engaged upon a committee of conference;
otherwise, 1 should have voted upon the home-
stead bill.
The result was announced as above recorded.
RIVEIt AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the rules be suspended, with a view to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of House
bill No. 113, making appropriations for the im-
provementof certain harbors and rivers; and now,
m order that we may have a full House to vote
upon that question, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
CIIA^XCEY VT. FULLER.
Mr. WALTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to give way for one moment. I de-
sire the House to agree to an amendment of the
Senate to a bill of the House reducing a pension
from seventeen to eight dollars a month.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As far as I
am concerned, I am perfectly willing.
No objection being made, the House proceeded
to the consideration of the Senate amendment to
the bill of the House No. 395, for the relief of
Chauncey W. Fuller.
The Senate amendment, i educing the pension
from seventeen to eight dollars a month, was
agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr Washburnb, of
Illinois, the House (at ten o'clock and fifteen
minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jane 20, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GiritLEY.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Journal, I understand,
is a very long one. There was no very important
