1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B18I
business transacted yesterday, and I cannot see
any necessity for reading it. I move that it be
dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move, by general consent,
that the Senate take up and consider the action of
the House in regard to our amendments to the
naval bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 500) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval servicv tor the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861, and the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto, to which the House
had disagreed, and the amendment of tile House
to the sixth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the House have
made no amendments to our amendments. They
have simply disagreed to our amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one amend-
ment made by the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that that will be con-
sidered; and that then we shall send the bill to a
conference.
The Secretary read the action of the House of
Representatives.
The House concurred in the sixth amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment. The sixth
amendment of the Senate was, to add to the bill:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That pursers in the Navy of the
United Statesman hereafter be styled paymasters, and that
all laws and regulations applying to them as puiscis, and
aUresponfeibilmcri and obligations attaching- to them asfciieh,
shall remain in full forcc, and continue to apply to them
under the title of payiua«-teis.
The amendment of the House was to add at the
end of the Senate amendment:
And that the payments hoietofoie made to the puiser's
clerk at the navy-yaid< at Charlostown, New Yoik, and
Philadelphia, under appropriations made by Congie-s, at
the rate of £750 pet annum, are heieby continued,and that
the pay of the puuers' clerks at these navy-yauls bhall be
continued at the rate of $7o0 per annum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment of the House to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope we shall notconcur in
that amendment. It is a new appropriation on
the Navy bill by the House, that was not con-
sidered in the Senate at all, and was not upon the
original bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to insist on our
amendments to which the House have disagreed,
and to ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Mallory,
Mr. Bigler, and Mr. Hamlin, were appointed.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
On motion of Mr. RICE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the motion submitted by Mr. Pugh on
the 11th instant, to reconsider the vote of the Sen-
ate referring the bill (H. R. No. 231) for the re-
lief of Isaac S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York,
to the Court of Claims; and the motion was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered. That the Court of Claims be requested to re-
turn to the Senate the bill (JI. R, No. 23t) for the relief of
Isaac S. Smith, of Syracuse, New Yoik, with the accom-
panying papeis, refetred to that eouit by an order of the
Senate of the 8th of June.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Charles Webber have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That George W. Torrence have leave to with-
diaw his petition ami papers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House hud concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief
of Chauncey W. Fuller.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signeiUthe following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 307) to repeal the second section
and other portions of an act passed the 2d day of
June, 1858, entitled "An act to provide for the
location of certain confirmed private land claims
in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes;"
A bill (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations
foi the support of the Army for the year ending:
30th .Tune, 1861; and
A bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Chaun-
coy W. Fuller.
HOCKADAY & LICGIT.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 513) for the relief of Hockaday &
Liggit.
Mr. YULEE. I think it would hardly be ad-
visable to take up this bill. It js a bill the merits
of which arc controverted, and which has given
occasion to a double report from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads—a major-
ity and a minority report. It is a case which
will require considerable discussion; and I doubt
whether it will bo advisable to employ the time
of the Senate at this stage of the session upon a
controverted private bill. *
Mr. WIGFALL. I believe the bill is already
taken up.
Mr. YULEE. Oh, no.
Mr. WIG-FALL. Then if it is not, I have
simply a word to say, and that is, that it is either
right or wrong. If the parties are suffering wrong,
justice ought now to be done. If they are not,
there certainly can be no reasonable objection for
ascertaining the fact. I hope the bill may be
taken up, and we can hear the statements on both
sides. It will take but very little time.
Mr. YULEE. I agree that there is a right or
wrong in the case; and so is there right or wrong
in every case of every private bill <m the Calen-
dar, and, by the same rule, we should take up the
whole Calendar. But it does not seem to me ad-
visable to yingle out from that Calendar n bill
which must necessarily require considerable dis-
cussion .
Mr. GREEN. This is a case of peculiar hard-
ship. It ought to be determined; and if it is not
determined the party will be a corpse in less than
six weeks. I express my honest sentiment in it.
Nobody dissents from it but the Senator fiom
Florida. I know he intends to contest it. I am
willing to hear his objection, and I am willing
for the Senate to determine whether he is right,
or whether the balance of the committee and the
balance of the Senate are right. It is a House bill,
and passed unanimously in that body. It is a
case of extreme hardship, and I do hope the Sen-
ate will take it up and let us hear the Senator
from Florida, and then vote upon it after we have
heard him.
Mr. BROWN. I concur fully with what the
Senator from Missouii says. This is a case of
great hardship. This old man islitcrally broken
up and ruined unless his bill passes. That he
has a just claim for something against the Gov-
ernment, I suppose even the Senator from Flor-
ida will not dispute. I hope it will be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H.R.No.513)for the relief of Hock-
aday & Liggit. It directs that the sum of $59,576
be allowed to Hockaday & Liggit, in full pay-
ment for damages sustained by them in reduction
of pay for carrying the mails on route No. 8911;
and that that amount bo paid to William Liggit,
for and on account of Hockaday & Liggit, and
for their benefit.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report in this
case ? I am told it involves a principle that may
cost us a great deal; and we ought to settle this
with deliberation, at any rate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ascertain if there is a report in the case.
Mr. YULEE. There is a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report,
as the Secretary informs the Chair.
Mr. HALE. There was an amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no amend
ment to the bill, as the Secretary informs the
Chair.
Mr. HALE. There was an amendment re-
ported; and if there is none there, I move it now,
that the sum of $59,576 be stricken out, and $40,000
inserted. That was the report of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
treat that as an amendment from the committee.
Mr. HALE. That was what thev reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia ask for the reading of the report?
Mr. HUNTER, If it is ? long report, I will
not weary the Senate with the reading of it, if some
gentleman will state the principle upon which we
are to pay this claim.
Mr.WIGFALL. The Senatorfrom Missouri
can state it.  
Mr. POLK. This wasone of the cases in which j
the Postmaster General curtailed the mail service.
These gentlemen, or rather John M. Hockaday,
was contractor^! route 8911, for carrying the
mail from St. J™eph, in Missouri, to Salt Lake
City, in the Territory of Utah. He was to carry
it, 1 think, for about two years and seven months,
at the rate of $190,000 a year, for one trip a week,
the schedule time, I think, twenty-two days; and
if the schedule.time should be reduced to twenty
days, then for $220,000; and if to eighteen days,
for $225,000. Shortly after the contract was mjade
with him, Mr. Liggit became a full and legal
paitner in the contract. They went on to stock
the route. The route was one that had been.un-
der contract before, and in every instance there
had been a failure to perform the service; the ser-
vice before that not being oftener than monthly.
They stocked the route, and it required to stock
it the establishment of some twenty-eight sta-
tions. It required a large number of coaches. It
required upwards of five hundred mules. It re-
quired forage for these mules on the whole line—
I mean the mules for the coaches—besides those
that were incidentally necessary; and then it re-
quired, in addition to that, all the hands that were
necessary to manage the mules, the coaches, and
the harness, and ten thousand other things that I
will not go into. All this had to be taken over
this wildnerncss country, and they were to do it
all in the short time of less than a month. They
did it, however. They stocked the route, and
they went on to perform the service, and received
a commendatory letter from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, in which he stated, in the highest possible
terms of encomium, that the service was per-
formed to the entire satisfaction of the Depart-
ment; and that is the first time in the history of
this mail in which it had been so done.
The Post Office appropriation bill failed at the
last Congress. These gentlemen had to advance
heavily in the stocking of this road. They say
—and they have proved, I think, satisfactorily—
that the expense to them was $394,000. When
this Post Office bill failed, it shook their credit;
but they had good friends to sustain them. They
were men of very tolerable means themselves. I
know Mr. Liggit was, for he was a farmer in
good circumstances, near Independence, Jackson
county, Missouri. They were able to stand the
shock to their credit by the failure of the Post
Office appropriation bill. They were compelled,
as many others were, to sell paper on the Gov-
ernment at about fifteen per cent, or more dis-
count. They lost some fifteen thousand dollars
in that way. In April they were notified that the
Postmaster General had under contemplation the
reduction of the service on that route. Mr. Hock-
aday immediately wrote a letter protesting against
it, in which he stated his immense expenditure,
and the inevitable result that would be to him—
ruin—if that was carried into effect. The letter
of expostulation is here, it is long and full. He
also states what would be his loss. I recollect
one instance, in which he states that his mules
on the route, which were the only things he could
take to market, had cost him $117,000, and if he
had to take them to market, they would not yield
one third of that amount.
The Second Assistant Postmaster General asked
him to bid on the route, but he declined to bid on
the route, because he held the contract, and stood
on his contract. He maintained his contract.
They, however, notified him that they would re-
duce the service. They did reduce the service;
and he protested against that reduction all the way
through. After the reduction was made, he pro-
tested. In his first protest he stated that the mail
that he was compelled to carry filled one mail
stage every trip, that there was just a load for
every trip, and if they reduced it from weekly to
semi-monthly he would be under the necessity of
doubling ail his teams; and instead of starting
