3182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
with one coach and six mules, he would have to
take two coaches and twelve mules, and have to
double his hands, his harness, and his whole
equipment on the entire length of the route. The
reduction was made. He went on and attempted
to perform Ins contract. He said to them he could
not reduce, that it was cheapcr to him 
Mr. COLLAMER. How much did that reduce
the pay ?
Mr. POLK. Sixty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. What proportion was
that?
Mr. POLK. The proportion would he less
th<j.n the pro rata for the number of trips, because
it divided off the trips for half the pay; but that
reduction was made when, as is aAmdantly shown
in this case, there was no reduction of. the amount
to be carried at all, and no reduction of the ex-
pense. The expense was just as great. Shortly
after this he found out, when this was done, that
his credit was utteily destroyed, and he was com-
pelled to sell out.
Mr. YULEE. Now, Mr. President, I will
make a brief statement of the other side. If it
had been possible at this period of the session
that the Senate could bear with the reading of the
report, which I felt it my duty to make in this
case, it would perhaps, by all means, be the best
presentation of the facts. I will endeavor, how-
over, very briefly to present the points belonging
to this case.
A contract was in existence for service once a
month, in conches, between St. Joseph and Utah,
for, I believe, the sum of $3^2,000, or theieahouts.
When the civil agitations commenced in Utah,
and an army was being marched there, and it was
supposed that there might be conflict of* arms, the
Postmaster General, Mr. Brown, it appears, pre-
suming that more ircquent service might be re-
quired, at the instance of Mr. Uockaday, for he
appears by his letter to have been an applicant
for the service 
Mr. POLK. No more than any other con-
tractor.
Mr. YULEE Very well, I suppose the same
as all persons desirous of getting employment.
There was no invitation of bids. The Postmas-
ter General annulled this contract of $32,000 for
once a month service, and gave the contract for
§190,000 for a weekly service to this new paity.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me, was
not the contract lie speaks of as being annulled
annulled because the contract had not been per-
formed by the contractor?
Mr. YULEE. I do not so understand.
Mr. POLK. I do, distinctly.
Mr. YULEE. That may have been the ground
on which it was placed by the Department, that
the service was not very well performed. How-
ever that may be, it was a regular contract, and
the performance could have been enforced. It was,
as stated in the report, evidently in contemplation
of the parties, when this contract w,fia made, that
the public necessities might at some future time
cease to require the frequency of service then con-
templated.
Mr. COLLAMEIt. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether he means to be understood that a
contract existed on this route for some thirty
thousand dollars was vacated, and that it was
given out to these parties for $100,000 without any
advertisement?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. By what law ?
Mr. YULEE. That I do notknow. That does
not belong to this case. So it was thought; and
the contract contained the usual clause, expressly
authorizing the Postmaster General, whenever,
in his opinion, for any cause, the public necessi-
ties might require it, to cuitail or to discontinue
the service, paying, as damage, one month's com
pensation. in this case there seems to have been
extraordinary care upon this point; for, besides
this general clause, there was another special pro-
vision introduced, which provided that if the state
of affairs should render unnecessary such frequent
service, the contract might be reduced to twice a
month by the Post Office Department. It appears
the present Postmaster General, upon investiga-
ting the condition of the service, found here a
contract which expressly, by one of its terms,
contemplated a reduction to twice a month, in
case the public necessities in Utah did not require
more frequent communication. He addressed
himself to the War Department. He sends a
correspondence here with the Secretary of War,
showing that the Secretary of War communicated
to him the fact that more than twice a month's
service was not necessary for the public service,
so far as the military department was concerned.
Here, then, had arisen the case contemplated in
the contract. The Postmaster General might,
upon the general clause, have curtailed; but here,
after talcing the pains to satisfy himself that the
case especially contemplated in the contract had
arisen, when the frequency of communication
which it was supposed might be necessary and
desirable for the War Department ceased to be
necessary, it was reduced; and what then ? If he
had applied the strict regulation of the Depart-
ment, these parties would have received, for the
semi-monthly service to which they were reduced,
less than ninety thousand dollars, I believe. In-
stead of that, in consideration of their represent-
ations of the injury and damage that would result
to them, he gave them $125,000; giving them about
thirty-seven thousand five hundred dollars a year,
as he states, more than by the ordinary rule of the
Department would have been given to them.
But gentlemen say, although the compensation
and frequency of the trips was reduced, the amount
of service was not reduced. I meet that with the
distinct allegation that if it was not reduced, these
parties suffer no damage; but that it was, in fact,
reduced; and I sustain this allegation in this wise:
it is in proof before the committee, and it was not
in proof before the House, that before the date
when the service was to be reduced, these parties
had sold out to new parties in knowledge of the
fact that it had been so reduced, and hefoie the
period for its reduction arrived, and had received
iull compensation, at least were entitled to receivc
full compensation, for their whole outfit, and a
bonus of $>50,000 besides, for the transfer of the
contract. They did weekly servico, and received
full pay for it duiing the whole time they held the
contract, and before the period for reduction had
arrived they had sold outand transferred their in-
teiest; and notonlysold outand transferred their
interest, but transferred all claim upon the Gov-
ernment and upon Congress for any compensa-
tion to these new parties.
Nor is it tme that the amount of service was
increased; for there is on file with these papers a
letter from the Department expressly stating the
fact, as the late Postmaster Geneia!, [Mi. Col-
lamicr,] who now giaees this body, and who is
listening to mo, will know to be so, that the con-
tiact having provided for the conveyance of the
mail in a four-horse coach, if the Department re-
duced the number of trips, and they carried them
but once a month or twice a month, they were
only bound to take in their four-horse coach what
could be properly carried in that coach; and if
there was any extra mail it was for the Depart-
ment to provide the means of conveying it, which
they would do cither by allowing an extra com-
pensation to the contractor for taking it, or in
some other way forwarding it. It is not true,
therefore, that any occasion grew out of that re-
duction to increase stock, or to require the in-
crease of stock; and if it were true, the single fact
that they had sold and transferred their whole
contract with the Government to another party
for a bonus of $50,000, after the reduction and
before the commenccmentof the reduced service,
was evidence enough that no damage had been
done them.
But, without regard to any of its equities, I
rest the case simply and singly upon this ground,
and 1 say it is not safe for the" Department to de-
part from it: the Government had entered into a
contract with these parties; undoubtedly the con-
ditions of that contract entered into the price at
which the contract was taken; and when the
Government agreed to pay them $190,000 for this
service, that price included a consideration for all
the conditions attending the contract by which
damage might result to the parties; and among
them was the reduction of the service. Express
provision was made for that reduction; and the
damage which the Government should pay was
assessed in that contract, was agreed upon, and
was paid by the Government, to wit: one month's
additional pay upon the reduced service. That
was an assessment of the damage which the Gov-
ernment was to pay. It was paid by the Gov-
ernment, and their duty was discharged, I say
it is unsafe for us to depart from the principle
of the obligation of contracts; but whenever we
commence it, there can be no end to it. It is just
and right that the Government should require
from those who engage in it a submission to the
conditions of the contract, while they should per-
form fully on their part all its obligations. Now,
I say, not only did the Government exercise its
right in making this reduction, but it exercised
it with consideration and with clemency. They
not only paid the assessed damage, but they
gave to these parties, the almost single instance
in the Government for many years past—1 be-
lieve there have been but one or two—they gave
them much beyond the pro rata reduction which
was usual, which had become the established
practice and rule in the Government, and which
was known to all contractors. They did not en-
force it harshly on these gentlemen, but they
invited them to suggest what would be the proper
consideration; and it was only after they failed
and refused to do so, that they were obliged to
settle it for themselves.
Now, if nothing had been allowed by the Post
Office Department, they might have a case upon
which appeal might be made; but that is not the
case. They come here and claim damages upon
a ground which I have shown does not exist in
fact. But what is there besides? While they
claim—and the House has allowed them—the
amount curtailed for the service from the time
when the reduction was made to the 1st of July,
I believe, or somewhere thereabouts, the party to
whom they had transferred the contract before the
period for reduction had arrived, and from whom
they had received a bonus of §50,000 for that con-
tract,tell us,in a letter which is with these papers,
that they claim the double pay—claim the addi-
tional pay for the curtailed service. They say that
they have performed weekly service, and that they
are entitled to the additional pay from Govern-
ment; and these parties fall back, then, upon the
ground of damage. Damage for what? Certainly
it is not a proper case of damage when it is a
damage, if a damage at all, which resulted only
from the enforcement by the Government of a
condition in a contract which they had entered
voluntarily upon. That was no damage; but the
fact that no real damage from the action of the
Department is proven by the very fact to which I
have adverted—which appears by the contract on
file with these papers, obtained from one of the
parties to the contract—that they received after this
reduction a bonus of $50,000 for the transfer of
the contract, and never did themselves perform
the reduced service, but received full pay up to
the end of the time.
I am unwilling, Mr. President, to detain the
Senate with any prolonged discussion of this mat-
ter. I think it is enough that wc rest upon the
question of the contract; but if we go beyond that,
and look to the equity of the case, there is enough
among the papers to show that it is impossible
there could have been any loss; for upon a fair
calculation that I have made of the cost of estab-
lishing the service, and of running it for the year
for which they did run it, based upon evidence
derived from the statemcntof Mr. Hockaday him-
self, existing in the Department,! show that the
amount received from the parties to whom they
sold, and the amount received from the Govern-
ment, after paying the whole cost of establishing
the service and running it for a year, ought to
have left them from one to two hundred thousand
dollars profit.
But there is another fact which must be taken
into consideration. This bill will make no dis-
charge of the Government from Mr. Hockaday,
if he has a right claim, or from the new contract-
ors, at all. Why? !t is a bill for the relief of
Hockaday & Liggit; and who is Liggit? He is
a party unknown to the Government. He has
never been recognized as a contractor. Whatever
may be the private arrangement between Mr.
Hockaday and Mr. Liggit, Mr. Liggit, as to the
Government, is unknown; and if anything is paid
Mr. Liggit, as this bill directs should be done to
Mr. Liggit, he is paid at the risk of the Govern-
ment, and dependent altogether upon the pleasure
of Mr. Hockaday to recognize him.
But more than thatfitso happens that we have
on file a recognized and authentic copy of a con-
tract by which Hockaday & Liggit transferred to
Russell, Jones, & Co. all claims upon the Govern-
