1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
fore, I take it he will see that ray amendment is
what they ought to have. If my amendment be
adopted, as soon as the settler goes and takes his
position on the public domain, he is " monarch of
all he surveys;" he has a title at once; he may
improve it, he may live on it forever, or he may
sell it. My proposition, therefore, is clearly bet-
ter for the settler than the original bill.
Well, what is the second objection to the bill,
which strikes every mind with great force ? Hero
is land belonging to all the people of the United
States. You say that those who go and settle on
it shall have one hundred and sixty acres each;
but nineteen twentieths of the American people
never expect to go there. I do not suppose that
out of every fifty men whom I represent, more
than one, if one, expects to go and take the ben-
efit. Why should the other forty-nine lose their
share of the public property ? What justice is
there in it? 1 will appeal to the Senators on the
other side of this Chamber; take, for example, the
twelve New England Senators; there is no public
land in New England; and the only way any New
England man can get a foot of it is to expatriate
himself and go to the West. Now, is it right to
drive our people from New England, or North
Carolina, or anywhere else, to enable them to get
their share of the public property? I put it to
every gentleman on principles of justice. You
iruy saythatali have an equal advantage in this:
that any man has the right to go; but remember
what it costs a man to move his property and
pull up stakes. Suppose I should advocate a
proposition that the Secretary of the Treasury
should give ten dollars to everybody who would
apply at the Treasury to-morrow, or next week.
It might be said every citizen of the United
States may go in and get his share; but we know
that men living at a distance could not go without
a loss, and the effect would be to give the money
to men living in this locality, and to exclude
others. So, if you pass the provisions contained
in this original bill, you give the lands to those
who happen to live in the new States, and you
exclude everybody in the old States. I should
like to see any man go before my constituents and
address an assembly, and say to them, "I have
given away a part of your property to the men in
the new States, and refused to give you any por-
tionof it unless you emigrate." Everybody sees
that it is grossly unjust. It is not only unjust to
the individuals, but unjust to the States. What
right have you to discriminate between the States,
and to try to drive off their people? What «ght
have you to impose a burden oil my constituents,
and say that they shall submit to these things or
Emigrate to a distant country? The force of this
is so obvious tljat it seems to me that it ought to
strike the mind of every Senator.
Again, sir, there are classes of men who can-
not avail themselves of it. The mechanics do not
want to abandon their business and turn land
owners. Go up to Massachusetts, where hun-
dreds and thousands of men are now striking for
higher wages. I should like to see how the Sen-
ators from that State, or any other State in that
region, would go before their constituents and
say to them: " You complain that you have dif-
ficulty" in making a living; well, we have taken a
portion of your property and given it to men ill
the West, and if you choose to leave your own
country and emigrate out there, you can have a
share of it." The great body of those men would
say at onee: " It does not suit us to leave our
country; it does not suit us to engage in farm-
ing "
My proposition, then, Mr. President, fortu-
nately gets us out of all these difficulties. Pass
it, and the Secretary issues his warrant to every
man in the United States who falls within the
provisions of the bill; that is, every mail who is
the head of a family and who is a citizen. That j
will include the shoemaker in Massachusetts and '
New Hampshire—for I see the strike has gotten
up there; and as I catch the eye of the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] I will say
that I should like to see him go before his people
and explain these two systems. I do not think
I misunderstand his position. I take it for granted
he will adopt my proposition in preference to that
contained in the bill; but suppose he was to take
a different course, how could he defend himself
up there if he were to go before an assemblage of
his people and say: " J have given away a great
deal of the public property to men in the West.
There was a proposition pending by which each
one of you could have had a warrant; you might
have sold that warrant,if you did not think proper
to emigrate, and bought a horse, or leather, if you
are shoemakers; you might have used it to sup-
port your families; but I have decided that you
shall not touch it; that all the benefit of this law
shall go to those who happen to settle on the public
lands?" I should like to know how that Senator
would be able to satisfy such an assemblage. I
see the course of things in his State and Massachu-
setts, and elsewhere. No man could do it what-
ever. I take it for granted, that any man in the
old States will be beaten who makes an issue
between my proposition and the other. Why ?
Because this is naked, simple justice.
There are objections which are made to it. It
is said that if this be done, it will take all the
public lands, there will be none left; but that is
not a valid objection. If your principle is right,
carry it out. Suppose a gentleman should intro-
duce a proposition to give $1,000 to each soldier
in a certain regiment that served in the Mex-
ican war. I may say, " I do not think this ought
to be done; but if you intend to adopt such a
system, let us give each regiment the same ad-
vantage." Gentlemen reply," That will take all
the money in the Treasury." That is no objec-
tion to my amendment. It may be a good objec-
tion to the principle of the bill. It would be a ready
means, perhaps, of showing that the bill was erro-
neous. If you go on the principle of giving land
to the citizens, it will not do for you to stop and
say, "We can give to a few and not to all." All
who stand in that relation ought to have the ben-
efit.
But again it is said—and I have been surprised
at those who have made the argument—that if
you adopt this system, you will fail m the object
you have in view, which is to induce or compel
people to go into the newTerritories,and become
cultivators of the land. Let us look at that for a
moment. There are countries in the world, Mr.
President, where the Governments undertake to
regulate labor. They say to one man," You shall
follow this trade," and to another, "You shall
follow that." Go into India and there are castes;
some men are allowed to do certain things and
others not. Even in monarchies people are driven
by particular circumstances into some lino of em-
ployment; but I had supposed that in the United
States it was the privilege of every man to select
his own occupation. It seems we are in error
in that respect, and in this late day, after seventy
or eighty years of liberty, the Government is to
come ill and to say, "We think you were wrong
in following the bent of your inclinations; you
should not be mechanics, you should not cultivate
your lands as you choose iij the old States; we
think you ought to go into the new States and
labor there to suit our purposes;"and some Sena-
tors have said that here, about the cities, are a great
manyidleloafers. Well,supposeIadmitit. These
men have a right to be loafers if tliey choose, and
to stay in the cities. How is it that any Senator
has become so great a man that he has a right to
go down here on Pennsylvania avenue and say to
some man he meets, "You are loafing about the
streets; I want to have you planted out in the new
Territories; I want to get you away." That is
the substance of the argument. You do notcom-
pel them directly, but you say to them, "You
ought to go there." Would it be justice? Let
us look at this question for a moment. Sup-
pose I owe a man §100: would I have a right to
say to him, " I will not give you this money, that
you are entitled to receive, here; I think you had
better go to some other point of the country, and
I will pay it to you there." There is not justice
in it.
It stiikes me, Mr. President, that this is a most
extraordinary idea. I can understand that in a
monarchy, where they claim to regulate the people;
I can understand that perhaps some of the old
Federalists in the olden times, who thought we
were getting too free in the United States, might
adopt that line of argument; but I am utterly
amazed at this day, when everybody professes to
be a Republican or a Democrat in principle, and
to allow equal privileges at any rate to all free
white men—we may make a distinction as to
color in our States and communities—that the
idea should bo broached that this Congress is to
be called upon, by such a line of argument, to un-
dertake to regulate the business of the commu-
nity, and say to one set, "You are idle loafers
about the cities and we want to get you off, and
therefore we will not pay you what you are en-
titled to; we will make a division of the property;
we will cut you out of it."
The argument cannot be maintained for a mo-
ment. It is just as bad as, in fact it is worse
than, the system that I used to combat, and many
men combat now, of compelling our people to
manufacture. A school sprang up in this country
at one time that said the people were too generally
farmers in the United States, and that we must
have manufactures. I am in favor of manufac-
tures and mechanic arts, but then I am in favor of
them on sound principles; and if they will pay, if
individuals can embark in them and make them
pay, let them do it; it is a good thing. But there was
a school which said: " We must compel men to
manufacture; too much agriculture is going on;
produce is too low." Now, that system is to be
reversed, and we are to swing like a pendulum
over to the other side. It is now said: "All this
was a mistake; we have too many mechanics in
the country; we have got the cities crowded with
handicraft men manufacturing, and we must get
them off to the frontiers and settle them there."
The result is, however, that the people and the
Treasury are to suffer under both schemes. In
God's name, let us abandon them both.
Under my proposition you leave these men free
to do as they please; to stay in the cities if they
want to do so, or to emigrate. Again, it is a most
preposterous idea, anyhow, that you will get rid
of those who are idle loafers, hangers-on to soci-
ety, by this bill. Take one of those men and put
him into the forest, and give him an ax, and do
you think he would stay there to cut timber? Not
a bit of it. He would walk or ride until he could
get to some city, where he could consult his own
taste and follow his own occupation.
But there is another objection which was made
to my amendment, in some little discussion we
had about it in the Senate a year or two ago, when
1 brought up a similar proposition. It was said,
" If you pass this proposition you will reduce the
price of the public land very much; it will be worth
very little." I admit that for argument's sake;
but it will reduce it no more than the other. The
other proposition destroys its value for sale. If
everybody who wants land can get it for nothing,
of course it lias no price—it cannot have a price.
Lands that lie m the far West may bear a certain
price here in Washington. Why? Because a man
can only get it by paying a certain sum, and
he may pay for it here; but if everybody who
goes into the- western country can get land for
nothing, he will not pay. Of course, the price
will go down very much under this bill any way;
and I think perhaps just as much as under my
proposition. But suppose even it turns out that
there is a very large reduction in the price, gen-
tlemen from the new States will not be injured;
*.be actual settlers will get the lands very low. If
nobody buys them, at least they will be settled
up as they were in North Carolina; and I do not
believe there is very much in the notion that spec-
ulators will monopolize these lands. In my own
State our lands were held at five cents an acre as
long as I can remember, and yet they were never
bought up in large quantities. If there is very
little land offered, or to be got at,speculators will
buy it to hold it up; but when land is plenty, like
water, when you fill the whole country with war-
rants, you put down the price, I admit, to a very
low rate. But even suppose there should be an
inconvenience to the new States; if it should hap-
pen, contrary to my expectations, that speculators
get a greatdeal of this land, they must see that is
an inconvenience brought upon themselves by
their own conduct. We had a very good land
system that kept it out of the hands of speculators,
and if you choose to break that down, you cannot
complain that we in the old States take our chance
to get a share of the money.
Mr. President, when I got up I did not wish
to speak at length on this question, but merely to
call attention to these particular objections that
were made to my proposition some two years
ago. I think the more Senators look at it the
better they will see it. In the first place, it has
the great virtue of equality, giving to all alike.
My friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] who
