274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 28,
energy to get through with what I have to say
this evening. The gentleman's remarks have
boon, interpolated here and they are entirely gra-
tuitous.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. All this de-
bate is out of order, and I call for a vote on my
motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope that the
House will take a ballot and then adjourn.
Several Members. We, of the Republican side,
agree to that.
Mr. PEYTON. I object to a ballot; and I in-
sist upon my objection.
Mr. ADRAI3N. It is perfectly apparant to the
House that the gentleman from Illinois is unable
to procced this evening; and X think it is due to
him that we should'adjourn. I therefore move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from New Jersey to withdraw his motion to ad-
journ, so that we may take a ballot. After a vote,
I am sure there will be no objection to an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. ADRAIN. I am willing that a vote filial!
be taken. All I want to do is to accommodate the
gentleman from Illinois, who is too unwell to pro-
ceed to-day. I withdraw my motion to adjourn,
and move that the House proceed to take a vote
for Speaker.
Mr. BARKSDALE. There is no objection on
this side of the House, so far as I know, to a ote
being taken this evening.
Mr. WASRIiURNE, of Illinois. If there is
objection, if-is for the House to determine what
it will do.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand that a num-
ber of gentleman on this side of the Hoiu-o are
absent. If that be so, of com se no vote can now
be taken.
Mr. ADRAIN. There will bo puns found. I
move that we proceed to take a vote.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call ot
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT Did the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield that there might be a call of the House ?
The CLERK. He yielded for the purpose of
a vote.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to a vote, and
in favor either of an adjournment or of the gen-
tleman from Illinois otj with his remai ks.
The CLERIv. Tii'1 Clerk understood it to be
the general agreement of 1 he House that there
should be a vote. The House has ordered a call
of the House. The Citric heard no objection.
Mr. HURNETT. I have a tolerably good
voice, and I address* d the Clerk all the tune, but
I could not get him to recognize m< .
Mr. CRAWFORD. [ move that we dixpen.se
with all further proceedings under the call.
Mr. BRANCH. Has a call been ordered?
The CLERK It lias.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to state that, for
one, I shall resist any vote being taken, unless I
can find a pair for my colleague, [Mr. Lo\ n,] who
is sick at his rooms and cannot be present. If a
pair be found for him. and others of this side who
arc unavoidably absent, ] shall then withdraw
my opposition to a von .bem<r taken.
Mr. W1NSL0W. i .AiUiji't whether, under
all thoeircumstanceKjitis not benerthatwe should
now adjourn. If a vote 1m pressed while mem-
bers are absent, impaired, thou we will )v kepi
here, unprofitablv, with e.Mls fui the yeas and
nays, until it is dark.
Mr. GRO W. I have no objection to gentlemen
finding pairs, but 1 do object to this n<'w piactice.
never heard of before, and which has giown up
u thi-A Mc.-'iion, of members getting upland pro-
posing that one  si^oof the House shall offset the
absent volo=s of the othei. I object to it.
Mr. BARKSDALE, {n oi'dci- to ascertain who
are absent, h t us have a call of thr- House..
Mv. CRAWFORD. I am willing to withdraw
I my motion for a suspension of all further pro-
ceedings under the call.
I The roll was called; and the following mem-
j bers failed to answer to their names:
j Mc^sr<. Barr, Biown, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Clavk B.
' Cochrane, James Craijr, Reuben Davis, Dimmick, Etiicr-
i ldge, Gamett, Hawkins, Ij'iekman, Jenkins, Landrum,
• Love, Maclay, Milhvard, Nixon, Sedgwick, Simms, Stall-
' woith, Stevens, Stevenson, Van Wyck, Whiteley, and
Wood.
: Mr. GILMER stated that Mr. Etheridge was
confined to his room by illness, and that he was
1 paired off with Governor Corwin*.
; Mr. BARKSDALE stated that his colleague,
I Mr. Davis, had paired off, but with whom he
could not tell.
; Mr. GARNETT stated that he had paired off
, with Mr. Millwaud, but that for to-day he had
1 transferred his pair to Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,
j Mr.MORRIS, ofPennsylvania, stated hiswill-
1 ingness to pair with Mr. Lovi:, of Georgia, who
j was absent.
i Mr. BRANCH. I understand that Mr. Simms
; is absent, and I therefore move that we adjourn;
! and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
: Mr. RUST. I paired oil" with Mr. Wood, of
j Pennsylvania, up to twelve o'clock this day. I
i would ask whether he is paired off with any other
: member ?
Several Members. Pair him oil with Mr.
Simms.
Mr. RUST. Very well; I do not object.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 call for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn. 1 understand that Air. Simms is now
here.
The CLERK, i am requested by the gentle-
man trom Ohio [Mr. Coitwixj to appoint another
teller in his place. Mr. Bimgiiam, of Ohio, will
please to act as t< Her in the place of hi* colleague.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Ar.Mr. Simms
is now here, Air. Wood, of Pennsylvania, will
pair off with Air. Love, instead of myself.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that
Mr. Wuon has paired off with another gentleman.
Air. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. That pair has
expired.
The CLERK. Air. Ccrry will please act as
teller m tic piaee of his colleague, Air. Houston,
who declines to act further.
Air. BRABSON. I have understood this morn-
ing, from certain quarters, that there is a party
m this \ [ou&'• willing to suppoit a gentleman of
the Opposition fiom ihe South, who had not been
in the Know Nothing organisation. There are
men from the South in this House, who never
were in that organization; and m ordcrto test the
matter, and to see whether gentleman are willing
to stand by the rights of the South, and support
a man not of the Know Nothing organization,
hut who fought for Air. iullmoiv m J85G, I put
in nomination Horace A1a\>:aiid. of the county
of Knox, Tenia ss< e.
Air. COBB. Ctualify that—by ''the r;ghts of
iho Constitution."
Mr. BRABSON. The lights of the Constitu-
tion. if vou please, and of the Union. I want to
fay further, that I make this nomination upon
my oun individual lesponsibihty alone. Air.
Maynard is a national and conservative man.
Mr. CLEA1EXS. I wish to ask the gentleman
one question.
Air. GROW. I must rise to a point of order.
I have no personal feelings toward any of these
gentlemen who are seeking the floor; but every-
body knows that \vheu we depart fjom a parlia-
mentary course of proceeding, we do not know
where we .-diall lie led. A ballot has been or-
dered by the House, the tellers have taken thrir
places;; and my point of order is, that no discus-
sion is in order until that vote is taken.
All*. AlcRAE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee, as he has put in nomination Air.
AJayxari), and asked if southern men would vote
for bun, jf he will assure the House that the
whole of Ins own party will vote for him—the
whole twenty-four southern Americans?
MrJjRABSON. Will yougive anyassurance,
then, that your paity will vote for him5
Air AtclLiE. The gentleman cannot give the
assurance which I ask.
Mr. COBB, if all your side will vote for him,
I will come over and give him my vote.
TWENTY-THIRD BALLOT FOB. SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to a twenty-third ballot
for Speaker, with the"following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 208; necessary to a choice,
105; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 101
Mr. Mavnard  65
Mr. Bocock  7
Mi. Phelps  5
Mr.McCJemand  5
Mr. John G. Bavh  4
Mr. Houston  4
Mi. Scott  
Mr. Pendleton  li
Mr. Gilmer  2
Mr Vallandtgham  -2
Mr. Adrain  :l
Mr Hamilton  1
Mr.Pu#!  i
Mr. McQuecn  1
Mr. Hill  1
Mr. Chntrcll  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Mcssis. Charles F.Adams, Aidrich,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Dray-
ton, Buflinton, Burlingamc, Bumham, Buriougie, Bui-
tcifield, Campbell, Carey, Ca«e, Colfax, Conklmg, Covode
Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Dwell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Fdinwvoith, Fenton, Fcny, Foster, Fiauk,
Fiench, Gooch, Graham, Giow, Guiley, Hale, Hall, Haskin,
Ilelunck, Hoard, Ilumpluey, Hutclnns, Iivme, Junkm,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore,
Killingcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lonsncckcr, Loomi*,
Lovcjoy, Maiston, jMcKcan, McKni£ht,Moorhead,Moii<'l,
Edward Joy Moms*, Olsn, Palmer, Pennmcton, Peiry, Pettit,
Pottei, Pottei, Pottle. Rice, Chnstophcr ikobinson, Iloyee,
Schwartz, Scianlon, Somes, Spauldmsr, Spinner, William
Stewait, Stiatton, Tappan, Hia\ei, Theakei, Tompkins,
Tiam. Tumble, Vandever, Vence. Wade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwaladoi 0. Wa-hburn, Llhhu B. Wa^hburne,
Liacl Wa>hbutn, Wcll>, Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodruff*.
For Mr. Maiptard—Messrs. Gieen Adam?, Thomas L.
Ande^on, William C. Andei&ou, Abhmoie, Avery, Baiks-
dalo, Bauett, Bocock, Boitham, Boteler. Bouligny, Boyce,
Biahson, Bianeh, Bnstovv,Buinett, Clemens,Cobb, Burton
Ciai^e, Ciavvford, De Jarnette, English, Florence,Garnett,
Gartiell, Gihnei, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Moirifon Harris,
.Tohn T. Harris, Ilatton, IIill, Jackson, Jonps,Keitt.Lamar,
James M. Leach, Leake, Mallon, Elbert S. Martin, Miles,
Million, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Mooie, Nelson, Noell,
Peyton, Piiclp^, Piyor, Quailes, Reagan, Uu^t, Scott,
Sickle-, Snnim, William Smith, William N. IJ. Smith,
Stoker, Taylor, Thomas, Vance, Webster. Winslow,
Woodson, and Wrigln.
For Mr. J'ococl—Mci-=i«. Clopton, Cuiry, Davidson,
Ilirtdman, Jltiijhes, ICunkel, and Rutfm.
For Mr. Phelps—Me^sis. John B. Claik, Ilolman, Hous-
ton, Niblack. and Stout.
For Mr. MrClernnnd—Me^r-"; T.arrabee, Logan, Isaac
N. Mom*, Pendleton, and Vallandighain.
For Mr. John G Davis—Messis. Adiam, Montgomery,
and John C. Robmt-on.
For Mr. Houston—Messrs. John Cochrane, Cooper, Me-
Clernand, and Sinsleton.
For Mr. Siott— Messis. Bureh,Edmunclson, and McRae.
Fwr Mr Pendleton—Mosfei -. Cox, I toward, and Chailos
D. Maitm.
For Mr. Gilrnci —Messrs. Brings and II. Winter Davis.
For Mr i'tLUuinU^Iutm.—Me^i.-,. Allen and Undciwood.
For Mr. Id rein—.Messis. John G. Davis and Reynolds.
For Mr. ILrmiUin—Mr. Fouke.
For Mr. IJvu;k—Mi. McQuecn.
F«r Mr. McQ/uPcn~-?.li. Puirh.
For Mr IhH-Mi. Maynaul.
For '!/"). Qrrtfcll—.Mr. James A. Stewart.
During tile roll call the following proceedings
took place—
Mr. ASHMOIIE, when his name was called,
said: I desire to say that, as I was the first Dem-
ocrat upon this lloor who voted against the reg-
ular nominee of the Democratic party, T voted
against that nominee with the hope 
Air. GROW. 1 hope the gentleman will allow
me a moment to make a suggestion.
A'Ir. A SHAIORE. I shall occupy but a mo-
ment.
Air. GROW, if gentlemen engage m discus-
sion during the call of the roll, we may occupy,
four or five hours in a single vote at any time, and
we shall never get through.
Air. ASHAIORE. I said I was the first Dem-
ocrat who voted against the regular nominee of
the Democratic party. I did so m the hope and
belief that T would thereby hasten and facilitate
the organization of this House: and that opinion
was based upon rumors and remarks which I
heard made upon this floor. Since that time I
have been voting for various gentlemen, with the
hope that the different parties who oppose the
Republican side of the House would rally upon
some conservative gentleman, eifeel an organiza-
tion, and proceed with the business of legislation.
Having failed in accomplishing that object, it was
my intention to return to the original nominee of
the Democratic party, [Air. Bocock,] rallying
again under his standard, or rather the standard
