1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
■peritymustforever belaid." I would appeal to my
fellow-citizens of New Hampshire, and ask them
if they regretted what they had done in the past?
If they did, I would tell them that I look around
me, and I see Michigan, and I see Iowa, and I see
other States of the Confederacy sending back to
represent these new empires of the "West the sons
of New Hampshire, whom your liberal policy has
enabled them thus to send b.ick. No, sir, we never
expect to be a great or a powerful State; but we
always mean to be true, just, patriotic, and lib-
eral ; and Iwould say to these men, "If thewalksof
labor here are so crowded that you cannot comfort-
ably and prosperously remain at home, give away
these great lands in the West; throw open this
valley, as it lies awaiting the footsteps of civiliza-
tion and the hand of industry; and if you see re-
turns in no other form, you will see them in new
communities, which will rise up in prosperity, and
become the consumers of those articles of manu-
facture which you now find it so difficult to obtain
a vent for; and every time you give new homes in
the wilderness, you will build up new markets to
which the products of your industry may be car-
ried;" and, if for no other reason, I could appeal
to them on this ground, on the low principle even
of selfishness, and ask them, on that principle, to
give away these lands, so that culture and civiliza-
tion might there make for them new aijd increased
markets for the products of their labor. Sir, I
should want no argument, and it would require no
great degree of ingenuity, to answer any one who
might ask the reason for a vote in favor of this
great principle of free homesteads.
But, sir, this measure has a higher and a broader
aspect; and to that I invoke the attention of the
Senate, and I propose hereafter to invoke the
attention of the country. The principle that is
involved in this bill is one that has divided the
friends of free principles and aristocratic gov-
ernment in all past time. It was the very bone
of contention which divided the republic of Rome
for six hundred years; and the friends of this
measure, called agrarianism in Rome, were de-
nounced, and denounced by the aristocracy of
Rome; but it was not finally put down until the
liberties of the republic went down with it. The
great question that divided the republic of Rome
was the disposition of their public lands. I know
that the agrarians have been abused and misrep-
resented, and maligned. History has not gen-
erally been written by democrats. History has
fenerally been written by the aristocracy. The
emocracy make a poor figure in history, for the
reason that the pell of history has generally been
holden by aristocratic hands; but the truth of his-
tory is beginning to be vindicated, and, sir, those
agrarians, who for thousands of years have been
denounced as the foes of property , and of popular
right, and of social order, were in fact the only
true friends of conservative popular liberty that
the republic of Rome ever saw, and all on earth
that they contended for was for a fair and equal
and equitable distribution of the public lands.
The fact was just this: the people furnished the
sinews of war; they went out, the common peo-
ple, and conquered the world; and the results of
the victories which the common people, the de-
mocracy of Rome, achieved, were great acquisi-
tions ofpublicland,whicli were uniformly usurped
and holden by the aristocracy. It was the effort
of the common people of Rome to put out their
hands and enjoy but a little of that which their
valor had won that stigmatized them through all
history'and all times as agrarians. Sir, when the
true meaning of that much abused term is under-
stood, there is no man, 1 think, who will notglory
in being identified with the great agrarian party
of the world—the party of public liberty and
popular rights, opposecl to the usurpations and
exactions of the aristocracy. It is just exactly
that feeling and that principle which to-day de-
mand that the masses of this country shall have
the right to take possession of the public domain,
and convert the wilderness into the abode of in-
dustry, of labor, and of prosperity.
This, sir, is the real principle; this is thegreat
measure that we are aiming for and contending
for; and we are contending upon the very same
side and upon the same ground that the republi-
cans of Rome contended for through all their his-
tory; and I desire to be no better known to my
own times, or to posterity, if they shall ever care
about so humble an individual as me, than to have
my name ranked with those proscribed, abused
agrarians, who contended so long for that great
measure of equality and justice.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, I have but
a single word to say in reply to the Senator. He
has not stated the first objection to my amend-
ment. He has made a good argument in favor of
giving lands to settlers; but he must see that, un-
der the present bill, those settlers cannot own the
lands until they'have performed five years' work
on them. That is not the old Roman system;
that is not the system of my amendment. Under
my amendment, men may go to the West, and
have the land immediately. Does not the Senator
see that mine meets his view better? I ask the
Senator to think a moment, and see whether he
has a right to impose on these settlers five years'
labor, if he is going to carry out the old Roman
agrarian policy. I take it for granted that there
is no valid objection to my amendment on the
part of any one standing on the Senator's plat-
form: because, if there had been, his ingenuity
would have found it out. I pass that by, there-
fore.
But, sir, as I have read Roman history, their
system was not what he represents it. In the
earlier and better days of the republic, they were
accustomed to take the old soldiers and settle them
out 011 the public lands. That did no injury to
anybody; but, in time, men arose who wanted
popular favor, and they proposed to divide the
public lands, and ultimately the public money.
Large numbers of the poor and lazy and idle were
paid out of the public treasury, and in this way
all the funds of the State were exhausted; the
provinces were ruined by taxation; the people
flocked to the capital to receive the money that
was thrown out to them; and in that way the
Roman State fell.
Where are we now? We commenced on the
old Roman policy of giving lands to those who
had served in war, paying our soldiers for defend-
ing the country. There was some merit in that.
The next step is to give lands to everybody; and
it will turn out that a great many men do not
want to cultivate the lands, and some demagogue
will rise up and propose to distribute money.
That is the natural course of things. That is the
course things took in Rome, and in that way the
State fell. But I repeat again, I should like to
hear some one Senator, who is in favor of giving
lands to the landless, show me a valid reason
against my amendment; show that it is not better
for the settlers than the original bill. I will not
occupy the time of the Senator.
Mr. WADE. I believe the debate is a little out
of order. I wish that my motion may be put. I
suppose everybody will assent to it. My motion
was, that all prior orders be postponed, and that
we proceed to the consideration of the House
homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) There is an amendment now pend-
ing to the bill. The question will be taken on
that amendment, in order to perfect the bill, and
then the Senator from Ohio proposes to move to
strike out all after the enacting clause.
Mr. WADE. The Chair does not understand
me. I moved to postpone the consideration of
this bill. The debate has grownup on the Senate
bill. I wish to postpone this bill and all other
prior orders, and take up the House bill as reported
by the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY. I trust before that motion is voted
upon, we shall have an opportunity of hearing
these two bills read, or that some friend of one or
the other will explain the points of difference. I
have never seen the House bill. I have read the
bill of the Senate committee, and am prepared to
vote upon that; but the House bill, if it has been
laid 011 our tables, has escaped my observation,
and I have not read it. I wish to hear it read.
Mr. WADE. I greatly prefer the House bill
to the Senate bill; but 1 did not suppose it neces-
sary, in the first place, to explain them, because
both will come up. The purpose of my motion
only was to set ourselves right. It seems to me
that, out of respect to the House of Representa-
tives, we ought to consider their bill on this same
subject rather than the Senate bill, although the
other bill will be up, of course, for consideration.
But lean state the points of difference very briefly,
for I do not propose, on this motion, to go into
an argument on the subject. The House bill is
much more liberal than the Senate bill to the
settler that goes on the lands; and, probably for
that reason, more objectionable to the Senator
from Alabama.
The House bill, in the first place, proposes that
the benefits of this law shall extend to all persons
who have filed their declaration of intention, under
the laws of the United States, to become citizens.
The Senate bill confines it to those who are al-
ready inhabitants of the United States, and denies
its benefits to any one who may come into the
country subsequent to its passage. That is the
first difference.
In the next place, the Senate bill confines the
benefits of its provisions to heads of families. The
House bill gives the land not only to heads of fami-
lies, but to any person who is twenty-one years old,
who will make a declaration and become a citizen
before he receives his patent from the Govern-
ment. The Senate bill confines the person to lands
that are subject to private entry. The House bill
gives the right to the person seeking the benefits
of the law to any lands subject to preemption,
and also awards the benefits to all such as have
already preempted land, but have not paid for it,
on complying with the provisions of this law.
The House bill does not confine the party to
alternate sections. The Senate bill does—a pro-
vision that I think exceedingly objectionable, be-
cause any one acquainted with the progress of set-
tlements knows very well that you can hardly do
anything more to the disadvantage of the settlers
than to scatter them in the wilderness; and to
leave alternate sections between them can be for
no other purpose, that I can see, than for the ben-
efit of speculators. The land reserved will be
very much enhanced m value, of course, by the
settlements and improvements around it. That
benefit should inure to the advantage of those who
first go into the wilderness, and it is for their ben-
efit to settle as near together as they can for all
social purposes—schools, roads, churches, mills,
everything. The provision that scatters them
abroad on alternate sections will make the popu-
lation so sparse that it can hardly have any 01
those benefits. This is a very great disadvantage,
and I see no advantage to spring from it.
These,sir, I believe,are the principal differences
between the bills as they occur to me now; the
House bill being altogether moie liberal to the
settlei than the Senate bill. .Indeed, under the pro-
visions of the Senate bill there is very little land
that is good for anything that would be subject to
be taken in this way. it is true, there are some
eighty million acres of land, we are told, now sub-
ject to private entry; but a great deal of that has
long been in the market, and consists of knobs of
mountains, and swamps, and land not capable of
cultivation. We all know that as land comes into
the market, it is generally withheld from private
entry for some four or five years, until the best
portions of it are selected; so that the Senate bill,
although it promises much, really, when you come
to scrutinize it, gives but very little.
But I do not propose to argue it now. I hope
all will consent to take the House bill, because it
will be no disadvantage to any one; the result will
be exactly the same; but it will be a more direct
and straightforward course, and more in accord-
ance with parliamentary usage, I believe. Both
bills being here 011 the same subject, it seems to
me we ought to take up the House bill, and if any
one prefeis the Senate bill, it will be very easy
for him to move to substitute the Senate bill for
the House bill; but it strikes me the course I have
proposed is the best to begin with.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
the House bill when it came here was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. Certainly
neither the Senator who has just addressed the
Senate, nor anybody else, can say it has received
insincere treatment, or has been for one moment
delayed. Oil the contrary, at once, within twenty-
four hours from the time it was referred, it was
taken up and considered, and acted upon, and full
authority to a friend of the measure furnished,
and it was placed in his hands to be reported back.
Does the Senator mean, by the whole course of
his remarks here in regard to it, to imply that
there is a spirit of unfairness in the opposition
which he knows to exist to the final passage of
the bill'
Mr. WADE. I have not insinuated any such
thing, that I am aware of.
