276
THE C0MRES810KAL (1JLOBE.
December 28,
whether from the North or the South. We voted
for him for several days-, butwith all our efforts,
his vote could be run up only to twenty-eight.
That showed that there seemed to be a determina-
tion on the part of gentlemen here not to take a
northwestern man for Speaker. When there was
no prospect of the election of my colleague, I
voted for Mr. Houston', of Alabama. 1 would
be very willing to see him placed in the Speaker's
chair. Then I voted for Mr. Dams, of Indiana.
All these votes seemed* unavailing:. Inasmuch,
perhaps,as my colleague's strength has not been
fully tested, 1 put him again forward; and I vote
for John A. McClernand, of Illinois.
Mr. NOELL, when his name was called, said:
I have tried in two or three different directions to
find a man we could elect to the Speakeiship. 1
feel the necessity of an early oig mizotion: and,
while my constituents are opposed to the doctrines
of the American party, as well as myself, I believe
that it is my duty to do ail I can to secure an or-
ganization. I am willing to risk the responsibility
which devolves upon me to vote for a gentleman
occupying the position of Mr. Maynard. He is
an old-line Whig. 1 was once an old-line Whig,
and I am not ashamed of it now. J vote for Mr.
Maynard, of Tennessee.
Mr. SCOTT, when his name was called, said:
Before I cast my vote 1 will make a few icmarks
to explain by what motive I am actuated and
prompted in voting for Mr. Maynard. I have a
solemn assurance that Air. Maynard is not a
member of the American party, but that he be-
longs to the glorious old national Whig part)'.
On the dissolution of the Whig party in my
State, ten or lif'een thousand good old-line Whigs
rallied under the great and national Democratic
banner in my State. 1 wish it to be distinctly
understood, that 1 cast my vote now for Mr.
Maynard, of Tenui.suje, m honor of those men
who fought for the national Democracy in my
Stale. 1 vote for Mr. Maynard.
Mr. SICKLES, >vh  n his name was called,.said:
I do not rise for the purpose of making any ex-
cuse for the vote which i propose to give, but
rather to express ihe pleasure I have in the op-
portunity to vote for Mr, Mavnuid. I believe,
sir, that H is to men holding opinions similar to
Mr. Maynard's that we are indebted foi the suc-
cess of the national Democratic, party, in J8f)(>. I
know that i am largely indebted to gentlemen en-
tertaining the same Mews for my own election;
and 1 also know that it was through the old-line
Whigs, in the recent election in the State of Now
York, that the sectional party organization there
lee.eivcd what I regard a fatal blow. Believing,
sir, that when sectional men combine, it is the
right time for national men to unite, I vote, with
great pleasure, for Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee.
Mr. SINGLETON, when his name was called,
said: 1 see from the way the vote is running that
it will be impossible to eh i t ]\li. M \ynaiu> upon
litis ballot, I m e that some four or live members
of the American party have refused to vote for
him. Whenever 1 see thove gentlemen change
their votes and vote for him, 1 shall consider then
the propriety of changing mine, and casting it m
the same direction. At present I shall vote for a
Democrat, aw ailing the action of these gentlemen.
) vote for Mr. Houston.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, when his name was
called, said: I do not rise for the purpose of
awaiting the action of others. I shall vote for
Mi. Maynard with pleasure, and without quali-
fication*.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, when his
name was called, said: A^ 1 by my vote always
sustain national principles and national men. I
vote this time for John Sherman. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOUT, when his name was called, said.
Until 1 am satisfied that my vote will change the
result as between Mr. Sherman and Mr. May-
nard, I shall decline voting for any man except
a Demociat. As bctw eon Mi. Shlrmax and Mr.
Maynard, I believe I would be more fully rep-
resenting the wishes and interests of my constit-
uents if I voted for Mr. Maynard, but until my
vote will determine between those gentlemen, I
shall continue to vote, as I have heretofore done,
for a Democrat, and 1 therefore vote for Mr.
Piielps.
Mr. WOODSON, when his name was called,
said: Without apology, comment, or preface, I
vote for Mr. M ie; wui
li Mr. BRANCH. I will change my vote from
Mr. Scott to Mr. Maynard.
!■ Mr. McRAE. I rise to a point of order. I
!i desire to ascertain the precise state of the vote as
! it stands, before gentlemen change their votes,
e Those of us who have not voted for Mr. May-
|' nard, because the American party have not voted
j' for him, want to know who of the American party
|4 did not vote for him, so that it, may not appear
that there was a unanimous vote for him by that
party.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man from Mississippi give us a chance to vote for
Mr. Maynard?
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that that
cannot be ascertained until gentlemen arethiough
recoiding their votes.
Mr. McRAE. Gentlemen recorded their votes
as the roll was called. I know, si/, that while
gentlemen sometimes act honestly 111 changing
their votes, still votes arc given in this House
with a view to a trick. I know that, sir. I do
not charge any man with it; but I want to see
how many American votes have been polled for
Mr. Maynard, and [ want the record to show it
before the Americans and southern Oppositionists
changc their votes. I ask the Clerk if that ap-
pears upon the record? Docs it appear upon the
recoi d that gentlemen voted in one way upon the
direct vote, and afterwards changed their votes?
The CLERK. It appears upon the paper upon
which the vote is taken; but it does not appear
upon the final iecord.
Mi. McRAE. And therefore a report will go
out to the country that there was a united Amer-
ican \ote cast for that gentleman, when there was
not. I ask to have the record show the vote pre-
cisely as it was cast. That is what I want; and
I make the point here, because I have said to gen-
th men that whenever any gentlejnen could show
that they could get the entire American party vote
for Mr. Maynard, I would vote for him. I do
not mean that the record should go out,showing
that they cast a united vote, when it was not so.
I will vote for him when that party comes up in
the first instance and votes for him. It is a wrong
custom to permit gentlemen to cast their votes m
one direction on the regular ballot, and then to
change them; which change does not appear upon
the reeoi d.
f want the facts to go out correctly and hon-
estly to the country. Every gentleman can see
th" necessity and importance of it. J want to
know from the Clerk—and I have a right to ask
that question—how many American votes were
cast against Mr. Maynard. Is not that a proper
question ?
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi that he does not think
so.
All. McRAE. Th'-'ii, I ask how many South
Annm an \otes there are against Mr. Maynard
now- on the record ;
Th" OLL\RK The Clerk does not feel that he
has a ri<;hf to make any statement in regard to a
vote not yet taken.
Mr. KEITT. 1 rise to a point of order.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman has not got the
floor, and cannot get it till I am through. I state
that, in the proceedings of the House, facts take
place which do not appear on the recoid. If gen-
tlemen on the floor cannot ascertain facts as they
occur in the House, I should like to know how
the country can be informed a<* to what occurs m
th'* House >
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is very easily
done.
Mr. McRAE. 1 am not asking the gentleman
from Virginia. [Laughter.] I am asking the Clerk
of the House: and the whole House sees that I
am putting a fair and honest proposition to the
House. I am one of the men who have no con-
cealment on any position that I occupy. All i
want is simply that the facts which transpire in
the House shall go out fairly to the country; that
no deception shall bo practiced on the country: and
that that which occurs m the House shall appear
on the record.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state to the
gentleman from Mississippi that it is against par-
liamentary rule for the Clerk or any one to make
public the state of the vote until it is declared. The
Clerk, besides, is not taking the vote on this ques-
tion, really. for ii in the uet wf ihe tellers who have
been appointed for that purpose. The first indi-
cation that the House gets of the vote, is when the
summary of names is read. Then the fact how
every member votes is made public, as a matter of
j record.
i Mr. McRAE. I understand that. I have some
; acquaintance with parliamentary rules. [Laugh-
ter.] But I say this: It is against parliamentary
! rule, and ought not to be tolerated, that gentlemen
I who cast their votes, on the direct ballot, should
| have the privilege, afterwards, of changing them
I without the fact appearing on the record. I sa.y
; that that is against parliamentary rule. It may
j not be against the practice of the House, but it is
! against parliamentary rule, and it gives lise to a
: state of things in which the country cannot be
correctly informed as to what transpires in the
, House.
1 Now, if the CWk does not feel authorized to
' give the information I seek—and I have no objec-
! tion to the Clerk taking that position—I will ask
this question, that it may appear on the record:
I I will ask Mr. Green Adams, if he did not vote
! against Mr. Maynard ?
! Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. In response to
the gentleman, I will tell him that I did vote
against Mr. Maynard, but 
] Mr. McRAE. That is all I want. Now I will
| ask Mr. Davis, of Maryland, if ho did not vote
i against Mr. Mau'ard 5
j Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky I want to say to
the gentleman from Mississippi 
; Mr. McRAE, (amid much confusion and laugh-
ter.) I do not want any further information from
the gentleman from Kentucky. 1 have got all T
want from him.
Now 1 will ask the gentleman who sits at the
table as one of the telleis, Mr. Briggs, if he did
not vote against Mr. Maynard?
Several Republican Members. Don't answer.
Mr. BRIGGS. I did so cast my vote
Mr. McRAE. That is all I desire from the
gentleman.
Several suggestions came from Democratic
Members.
Mr. McRAE. It is a very remarkable thing
that, when a gentleman has the floor, other gen-
tlemen do not consider that he knows what he is
about, but are Willi tig to give him mote information
than he possesses. [Laughter.] I ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Anderson] if he did
not cast his vote against Mr. JVIayn\rd?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Do you want
a response?
Mr. McRAE. Just to my question.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. How long
will you give me for my answer?
Mr. McRAE. Just so long as it will take you
to pronounce '• ys" or '* no." [Laughter.]
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. That is as
long as it suits you.
Mr. McRAE. No, sir; as long as it takes you
to pronounce " yes" or "no."
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Well, I will
answer at the proper time.
Mr. McRAE. I do not want the gentleman to
answer in the future. If he refuses to answer
now, I take it that he occupies the position of
guilty ot the fact that lie did not vote for Mr.
Maynard.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I do not re-
fuse to answer now. and I want 
Mr. McRAE. Will you answer whether yoU
voted for Mr. Mvynard?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I do not want
you to put language m mv mouth.
Mr. McRAE. Well, answer it.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 have not
voted aganist Mi. Maynard; i voted for Mr.
Gilmer.
Mr. McRAE. And you did not vote for Mi.*
Maynard. That is rhe answer. I do not want
any more information fiom him. [General laugh-
ter.] I nave Got all I desired.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky But I would
say to the gentleman from Mississippi 
Mr. McRAE. I wish merely to have the fact
appear on the record. I call the gentleman from
Kentucky to order. [Laughter.] I have now
gotthemformationthatlde^uvd to get, and wlueh,
the Clerk informed me could not be got from the
record in the regular order of business. I have got
it by the courtcsy of eentkmen who have all given
me their an?w  rs, with the exception of Mr H.
