2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
just where we are now. What is his objection
to.it?
" I want no double<lealing, or double construction.'5
That is his objection. He wants things clear,
plain, and straight; and then when we ask that
they shall be pat down clear, plain, and straight,
he abuses us 'for making new tests in the party,
talks about assaults on him; kept the Senate and
the country occupied for eight mortal hours in at-
tacking every miui and every State in the entiie
Union that would not support his pretensions for
the Presidency.
Now, Mr. President, the people have at last
come to this point; the Democratic delegates of
the South have come to this point. I speak not
of the delegates in either House of Congress. It
is the fashion to speak of congressional dictation,
in a certain class of public journals under the
control of certain public men,'and yet one would
suppose that it is at least some prima facie proba-
bility of the possession of tiit, confidence of the
Democracy of the United States to find a unani-
mous concurrence of opinion among its chosen
representatives, both of States and popular con-
stituencies, in both branches of Congress. But
all that is nothing. In modern slang, this is a
Yancey and caucus platform, and we are con-
gressional dictators. 1, therefore, leaving out of
view the opinions of members of Congress in both
branches of the General Assembly of the United
States, now say that it has been demonstrated by
the delegates of the South, sent by the State con-
ventions fiom primary meetings, that the time
has come when there shall no longer he doubt for
one moment that all constitutional rights guaran-
tied to us under the. decision of the Supreme
Court, which was taken by the Senator from Illi-
nois and his coadjutors as the common arbiter of
our dispute, shall be acknowledged; that all that
we demand shall be put down ui the bond; that
there shall no longer be a doubt in relation to it.
Mr. President, when mere private rights of
property are concerned; wlienthe question is,who
owns a fciun, or who owns a horse, or who is
entitled to $100, it in an old aphorism of the law,
miscra esl scrvitus, ubi jus ant vaguni aut incertum
est—wretched and deplorable is the slavery where
the law which governs a man's right is vague or
uncertain. And shall we, we who lepresent Dem-
ocratic States and Democratic constituencies, be
asked why it is that we will not leave these lights,
vital to I heir existence, and on which they n st for
then property, open to doubt and denial? Shall
we be asked why it is that, we demand that the
chut ter of tlu so i iglit.-> be wi itten clearly, plainly,
beyond the possibility of doubt or misconstruc-
tion? Oh, no, says the Senator from Illinois, " in
we were unanimous upon the Cincinnati
platform: I have given it a construction, and the
Charleston convention has backed my construc-
tion, and 1 am the Democratic partyand it is
his construction, and the construction adopted by
a minority at Charleston, that he presents to us
here, and asks ys by what right we call for some-
thing plainer or clearer as the charter of our con-
stitutional privileges? Miserable and deplorable
}s the slavery where the law of the individual who
has property i-? doubtful or uncertain. Degrading
and dishonoring to a State is it when its sover-
eignty cannot ask for an expression or acknowl-
edgment of its sovereign rights in an assembly
of equals. The people of the South'donot mean
<o b" put off tii is time with any doubtful orvague
construction. The Senator from Illinois is op-
posed to double meanings and double construc-
tions; lie dislikes the Tennessee piutfoini on that
ground. We share his dislike; fas est ah kustc
doca'i—we will be taught by him. We will ask
that everything that is in our platform be put
down pfiunly and clearly.
Mr. President, (he honorable Senator from Il-
linois, m the plenitude of his power, tells us that
the Democratic platform has been adopted, and
backshim. He nexttclls us that it gloryenough
for him to have been supported by a majonty of
the delegates of the Democratic party at a conven-
tion; and then, with an allusion, somewhat trans-
paient, to what he thinks would be a more agree-
able course of feeling by others, he says that
when others got a majority he sent word to his
friends Jo vote for them. He does not say that
he thinks everybody ought to send word to vote
for him, but he lta\esit to us, if we are generous
or liberal, to draw our own conclusions. Now,
Mr. President, I know what happened at that
convention only from the public records of the
country and the reports of its delegates. It is
reported that, as his highest vote, upon one or
two ballots, the honorable Senator from Illinois
received one hundred and fifty-two and a half
votes, and I think that was the highest.
Mr. PUGH. For several ballots—seven or
eight.
"Mr. BENJAMIN. How did he get them?
Were there one hundred and fifty-two delegates
in the convention of whom he was the choice?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly; they expressed ltby
their vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Oh, that was a part of the
arrangement, by which those who were not can-
didates for the Presidency were caught, but the
truth of history will leak out m despite of these
little arrangements. [Laughter.] I had here
amongst my papers, I think, the speech of a del-
egate, who explains this majority.
Mr. PUGH. State the substance of it. If it
was said at Charleston, I shall recollect it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, sir, I will state the
substance of it; I cannot find the extract I had
and I shall have to affix it to my speech. Gen-
tlemen have doubtless seen it. Scarcely had the
Chaileston convention met, and a committee been
appointed on organization, when it reported an
organization of presidents, \ice presidents, and
secietarn-s, and spiung this resolution on the con-
vention in*tantcr—the convention had previously
adopted the rules of the previous Democratic con-
ventions—
u'Thecommit{re Anther recommend1'—
The subject was not committed to them at all—
u The committee further recommend that the rules and
legulationh adopted by the Democratic conventions of 1B.VJ
and 1656 be adopted by this convention loi its! government;
with tliib additional lule :
" That many Skate which has not pi ovided or directed by
its State convention how its votes may be given, the con-
\ention will icco ui/,e the light of each delegate to cast
liis individual vote.''
As certain gentlemen were candidates for the
Presidency—Heaven pn serve the country fiom
candidates for the Presidency'—wherever those
gentlemen were in the majority, they had taken
special pains, by pro-organization, to get a resolu-
tion passed at the State conventions instructing
the delegates to vote as a unit, and thus they
fastened down every man in a minority in the
United States who was opposed to the Senator
from Illinois, and m spite of himself got bis vote
en*t for the Senator from Illinois, although he
was opposed to him. But other men in different
pails of the country, leaving the Democratic oi-
ganizations to the instincts of theirown judgment;
leaving in operation the time-lumoird traditions
of the party; not tying up their delegations by
instructions, left them to act as they, the State
delegations, might think proper; and when they
got to Charleston, by casting the votes of all the
minorities that were against, IVlr. Douglas, and
freeing the hands of all the minorities that weie
in his favor, he had cast for him all the minori-
ties, both those for him and those against him,
in all the United States. That is the way he got
one vote more than half the convention. Now,
what 1 was looking for, was this: the distinct state-
ment of a delegate from Massachusetts, Mr.
Butler, that there were fifteen steady, persist-
ent votes against the Senator from Illinois from
the State of New York alone. 1 am telling you
what Mr. Butler said.
Mr. PUGH. 1 read his speech last night. I
think he said twehe.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I read it this morning; it
said fifteen. It may have changed since last night.
Mr. PUGII. Very well; fifteen delegates.
Mr. BRX.T\M1N. He says there were fifteen
delegates from New Yoikalone who were steady,
peisistent opponents of Mr. Douglas; yet those
votes were cast for him. There was a minority
in Indiana; but those votes were cast for him.
There were minorities in other States, which i
added up; and instead of having a majority of the
delegates of the Democratic party tluoughout the
UniU d States m his favor, Mr. Douglas was in
a lean minority of but one third of the delegates,
and that one third exclusively from Republican
States. The whole Democratic party of the Uni-
ted States, as its Democratic electoral votes will
testify, was opposed to him unanimously. Mr.
Butier says so. My friend from Minnesota [Mr.
Rice] has just handed me the extract in the Con-
; stitution of this morning; and I will read, not the
| whole of it, but portions of it, and if I am wrong
■ in my memory as to fifteen, I will give up.
I Mr. PUGH. I read it in the Herald last night.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Butler, in giving an
' account to his constituents at a meeting called to
• censure him, but which approved and indorsed
, him after he was through, said:
| <• In New York there wme fifteen votes opposed to Judge
Douglas from first to la-t. yet her thirty-live votes were
■ ca^t tor hnn on eveiy ballot—in Ohio, six votes."
' Mr. PUGH. Not one.
I Mr. BENJAMIN—■
| uIn Indiana, five votes; m Minnesota, two votes op-
1 posed to lnm, yet In that nile eaM lor him, so that the
majority was moie apparent than leal."
I I leave out the six votes from Ohio. The Sen-
■ ator from Ohio, who was a delegate himself, must
* certainly know better than the delegate from Mas-
: sachusetts, and I abandon the point to his supe-
i rior knowledge; but here, without counting any
| more, fifteen in New York, five in Indiana, two
; in Minnesota, make twenty-two. Take twenty-
; two from one hundred ard fifty-two, and there
' remain one hundred and thirty, without counting
j a solitary vote against hnn from the Slate of Ohio.
: But, sir, I will not enter into these minutite, which
! ought not to be entered into in the Senate, and
S which I certainly never would have thought of
! speaking of but for the constant vaunt of the Sen-
i ator from Illinois that the majority was his, and
he was entitled to a nomination; that the party
i had backed his piinciples, and that we were all
i rebels against his high majesty. I should not
i have inquired into this matter but for that. And,
] now, what does this delegate say as the sum total
j of what occurred ? He says:
j u Now, with the South opposed to Judge Doughs, even
j to a disruption of the puity; with every Democratic fiee
, State votmgagairist hnn ; with twothird*>ot the delegation
| ot the great State of Penn>\ ivania funily agam-t him, one
! halt neaily ot New York hostile, New Jer>.ey divided, and
i the only State in New England where the Democracy can
! have much hope (<'onneeticut) neatly equally balanced,
j what was it the pait ot wisdom toi jour delegate to dor"
I That is the question Mr. I>utier presents to his
; constituency. What does he say?
j " I found aNo that Judge Douglas was in opposition to
almost the entne Demoemtie majonty ot the Senate of the
fhuted States*. No matter who in right or who i-> wiorig,
it noi a plea.- ant position for a candidate of the Demo-
ciatte paity."
This is Mr. Butler's language:
k% [ found lnm opposed by a very large majority of the
Denioeiatie niemheia ot the House of Representatives."
We hove watched him here:
It i* doubtless all wiong that this should be <?o, yet so
it i-\ I have heaul that tile 'sweetest wine makes the
somest vinegar,' but I nevet heard of vinegar soui enough
to make ^weet waie. Cold apntivy and violent oppoMti in
aseuotthe prolific patent of votes. I found, wor^e th in
all for a Denioeiatie candidate lor the Presidency, that the
! Clerk of the Republican IIou->e of Representative was
openh quoted as living that the influential paper controlled
by huu would either support Douglas or Seward, thus
, making lnm-ejf, appaicntly, an unpleasant connecting link
between them
With these facts before me, and impressing upon me
the conviction that the nomination ol Judge Douglas
could not be made with an\ hope of safety to the Denio-
eiatie putty, what was I to do? I will tell you what I did do,
and f am airaid it j? not what I ought to have done. Yield-
ing toyoui piefeience, 1 voted seven times forjudge Docg-
i, v.s, although my judgment told me that my votes wote
woi-e than" u^elev«, as they gave jnm an appealanee of
sti eiigth m the convention winch I felt he had not, mfaet,
m the Demociaue pam."
That is the gentlemnn who stands up here, and
as the embodiment of the Democratic party, chal-
lenges the entire body of his Democratic fellow-
Senators.
Now, Mr. President, all that I have said has
been said somewhat in indignation. It was not
m human nature not to fuel indignation at the
charges so profusely scattered against me and my
friends, and my State; but still, sir, after all " more
in sorrow than in anger/' Up to the years 18,37
and 185fc>, no man m this nation had a higher or
more exalted opinion of the character, the ser-
vices, and the political integrity of the Senator
fiom Illinois than I had. Tcan appeal to those
who may have heard me in the last presidential
canvass, in my State, where, for months together,
day and night, I was traveling m support of the
Democratic party, and helping, as far as my hum-
ble abilities would admit, to break down the
Know Nothing party, which had then a decided
majority of the voters of our State inscribed in its
