1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Winter Davis, whose name, I know, stands re-
corded, at present, against Mr. Maynard. There-
fore, I say four of those gentlemen have, by their
own acknowledgment, voted against him.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 claim the.
floor.
Mr. McRAE. And now, having accomplished
the object for which I rose, and not desiring to
occupy the floor for any othci purpose, any man
can have the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I claim the
floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand I have the
floor, but I will yield to my colleague for a mo-
ment.
The CLERK. The Clerk had assigned the
floor to the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Ander-
son.]
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I will yield
the floor to any gentleman, after I have got through
my explanation. I have had a question put to
me which T desire to answer, and to answer in a
few words. My friend from Mississippi asked
mc if I had not voted against Mr. Maynard. I
have not voted against Mr. Maynard. 1 stated
that 1 voted for J oiin A. Gilmer, of North Caro-
lina. My name stands at the head of the list,
and I did not know, when Mr. Maynard was
nominated, whether or not he would be supported
by my own party. I have been voting for Mr.
Gilmer consistently, and I voted for him on this
occasion, because 1 supposed the rest of the party
would have done so. I did not know whether
Mr. Maynard was nominated by the authority
of the party, or whether Democrats would have
been-wilhng to vote for him. 1 have voted for
every man of the party who has been nominated,
and 1 am perfectly willing to vote for Mr. May-
nard. I wish to show, by the record, to those
Democrats who say they will vote foi a man of
ours, that we are a umUd part}', and arc willing
to vote for him.
Mr. COX. Do you mean to say that he is a
member of your party ?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I venture to
assert—although I give Democrats credit for doing
one good deed in their political life—that there are
Democrats on this floor who never will vote for
an American when their -vote would elect him.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him one question?
Air. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, I have £0t
the door. I did not rise for the purpose of making
a speech, but I rose for the purpose of casting my
vote for Horace Maynard, of Tennessee. I do
that now, and I have got no other question to
answer.
The CLERK. The tellers understand the gen-
tleman from Kentucky as changing his vote and
voting for Mr. Maynard.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Yes, sir; I
vote for Mr. Maynard.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Will the gentle-
man from Kentucky allow me to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. MeRAE. Well, 1 want to say that the
gentleman fiom Kentucky did not vote for Mr.
Mayn\iid on the direct ballot.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have ad-
mitted that fact.
Mr. MeRAE. Put that on the record.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I hope my friends
will indulge; me a moment to reply to the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. McRau.] 1 did not
vote for Mr. Maynard, but as my colleague [Mr.
Anderson] has remarked, in reference to himself,
I am ready to vote for him or any other member
of my own party: and, as J have shown by my
former votes, 1 am also ready to vote for a Dem-
ocrat to orgamze the House. I thought I was
about to make oontu-ici with my friend from Mis-
sissippi, until he flew off at the handle. [Laugh-
ter.] But as he yeim not disposed to contract
with mo at ail, if he will just permit me, 1 will
change my vote and vote i'or Mr. Maynard. i
so vote.
Mr. M'.RAE. I want it understood that the
gentleman did not vote for him when his name
was called, but votes for him now.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know, before I
change my vote, whether Mr. Maynard ii- a mem-
ber of the Ameiican party0
Mr. BRABSON. T will answer the gentleman
that 1 have already stated that I learned from Mr.
Maynard's own lips that he was never inside an
American lodge. I am one of those gentlemen, in
Tennessee, who supported Mr. Fillmore in 1856.
Mr. Maynard was an elector at large for Fillmore
for the State of Tennessee, and lhavelearnedfrom
him that, although he fought forFillmore, and has
been voted for by the American party, he never
was a member of the order.
Mr. BURNETT. T desire to say this, not by
way of apology for or explanation of my vote,
for I am only responsible for the votes I give to
the people who sent me; but, sir, I sit here in my
seat for the purpose, as I announced on a former
occasion, of giving my vote for a gentleman be-
longing to the southern Opposition, whenever it
con be useful, in the organization of this House,
by the election of a man entertaining national and
conservative sentiments. That is my position. 1
have been ready and willing to do that. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill] asks me
whether my vote depended upon the fact of Mr
Maynard being an American ? Not at oil. IVIy
reason for asking was this: that he was claimed
by my colleague [Mr. Anderson] as being a
member of the party. I wanted the fact to go to
the country.
But, I see gentlemen, members of the American
parly, who will not vote for him. Tliathasbeen
the case from the commencement of the session.
When gentlemen on this side of the House have
been willing to abandon their organization; when
they have been willing to surrender the nominee
of their caucus, and come up here and vote for a
member of the American party who was not per-
sonally objectionable to us, that man could not
unite the vote of the southern Opposition in this
House. Not a single ballot has been taken when
gentlemen of the Democratic, party have voted
for a member of the American party, not person-
ally obnoxious to them, in which he could com-
mand the vote of that party.
Mr. aUARLES. Which of the members of
the southern Opposition party, in the House now,
have not voted for Mr. Maynard >
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Briggs] have not voted for him.
Mr. QUARLES I ask the gentleman, then,
whether the Democratic nominee has ever secured
all their party votes?
Mr. BURNETT. He has secured the vote of
every single Democrat in this House who recog-
nizes and acts with the Democratic organization.
Mr. G.UARLES. Did the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Pugii] vote for him ?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand that he
acknowledges or acts with the Democratic party
at all. Nov/, sir, I will call the attention of the
House to another fact. When the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Botfxer] was nominated, I was
prepared to vote for him, if my vote would elcct
Inm, or approximate to it. That has been my
position. Bui he could not unite the vote of the
southern Opposition at all. Nor has any man
upon this floor been able to unite that vote, excopt
the gentleman fioin North Carolina, [Mr. Gil-
mer;] and that was when gentlemen upon this
side of the House had avowed frankly and can-
didly that they could not vote for him.
Now, when this vote commenced, I sat in my
scat; my name comes up pretty high on the roll;
but J determined that if I saw that Mr. Maynard
united the southern Opposition members—men
that are far down on the list—and if J sow there
was any prospect of electing him Speaker of this
House, he should have my vote for that position.
I am ready to do so now; but I ask my friends
of the southern Opposition if they can ask us to
vote for one of their own party when he cannot
get the entire strength of his own party?
But, sir, I intend to vote for Mr. Maynard, and
the reason why I intend to vote for him is this,
that there shall be no excuse, so far as my action
is concerned here, for its being represented to the
people of my section of country, that we, repre-
senting Democratic constituencies, are not willing
to organize this House upon a national conserva-
tive man, let him belong to what party he may.
Mr. AVERY claimed the floor.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. X have not
vicinal the floor: but if the gentleman fromTen-
nevj. o w M'tr; to change his vote; I will yield to him.
Mr. AVERY. I thought I was Entitled to thfc
floor. This is the first time I Iiavfe fclaimccb the
floor since the commencement of the se'ssi&ft. •
Mr. LAMAR. I rise to a question of orft&r.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I will yield
the floor in two minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. I certainly did not under-
stand myself as occupying the floor by the.cour~
tesy of my colleague, [Mr. Anderson.] I thought
he yielded it altogether.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Not at all.
Mr. AVERY. I ask the gentleman to yieltl
to me for a minute.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I will jML
to the gentleman from Tennessee in two minutes,
absolutely.
Mr. LAMAR. With all respect togcntlem'eh,
I must insist upon my point of order. This House
is in the process of voting, and I contend that no
gentleman is entitled to the floor for the purpose
of debating during the taking of the vote.
The CLERK. The impression of the Clerk is,
that the point of order taken by the gentleman
from Mississippi is correct; that no gentleman
can be entitled to the floor for the purpose of de-
bate during the taking of a vote.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I am willing
to yield the floor to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. AVERY. I rise for the purpose of chang-
ing my vote; and, in doing so, I desire to say that
1, with my two Democratic colleagues on this floor,
invariably cast our votes for the nominee of the
Democratic party for Speaker of the House of
Representatives while he was a candidate; that
when the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Boteler]
indicated that another member of the Democratic
party would be more acccptablc to him, the nom-
inee of that party having declined, I, in common
with my two colleagues, and the great body of
the Democratic members of the House, rallied to
the suppoitof the nominee of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,] GcneralMixxsoN,of the
State of Virginia. And, now, Mr. Clerk, while
T differ with the distinguished gentleman from
Tennessee, who has been presented as a candidate
for Speaker by his own party, I rise for the pur-
pose of saying that I wish to set an example of
patriotism to the gentlemen of that party, which
they have not set to the country by voting for any
one of the eighty-eight Democrats upon this floor.
I vote for Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee. And I
do it, sir, for what reason ? bccausc I prefer to vote
for him' lather than see that seat, once adorned
by a Polk, of Tennessee, and a Clay, of Kentucky,
desecrated by a Black Republican. [Hisses from
the Republican benches, and applause from the
Democratic side, and in the galleries.]
Mr. TOMPKINS. I objcct to any further dis-
cussion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I change my vote from
Mr. Scott, of California, to Mr. Maynard, of
Tennessee, and whenever my constituents desire
to know my reason for this change, I shkJl b'e
ready to give it. [Cries of "That is right!"
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to change my vote
from Mr. Rust, of Arkansas, to Mr. Maynard,
of Tennessee. I do so out of no disrespect for
Mr. Rust. I know that he will acknowledge and
appreciate my motive in changing. When my
name was called, I did not know how many votes
would be cast for Mr Maynard. I did not then
think that there would be any chance for his elec-
tion. I now vote for him, to manifest my desire
to organize this House.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I insist that all debate dur-
ing the pendency of the vote is out of order. So
I believe the Clerk has decided. '
Mr. HAMILTON. I do not want more than
a minute.
Mr. GROW. If gentlemen will confine their
remarks to a minute apiece, there will then be no
objection We only objcct to speeches during
the vote.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am willing to vote for
any man in the wide world who is not a sectional
man, but, on the contrary, a constitutional man.
I care not by what name he is called; I care not
with whom he affiliates, if his principles are right,
and especially if he manifests opposition tothe can-
didate of the Republican side ofthe House, whose
election, I fear, would add nothing to the stabil-
ity and permanence of this Confederacy. I vote
for Mr. Maynard with the same pleasure that I
