3186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
require. The House of Representatives sent us
this bill on the 11th of May; and in ten days
afterwards, on the 21st of May, sent us a joint
resolution closing the sesston.on the 18th of June.
What was (he object? Was the bill sent here for
political effect? Did they expect that wo should
be able, with the pressure of all the appropriation
bills then coming upon us, to give that considera-
tion to a now revenue measure, involving many
details on which there would be these necessary
differences of opinion? Did they expect that we
could give it consideration during the present ses-
sion? I think not. I do not suppose that any
rational, intelligent man could have anticipated
that the Senate would do so. My own objection,
therefore, is not merely on the point of whether
the House would now rescind the ievolution for
adjournment on the 25th, and give us two or three
weeks more—and 1 would require at least three
weeks for the discussion of this tariff question
alone—but I think the time selected fur the adjust-
ment an unwise one. I believe that, if we post-
♦ pone this tariff bill to the next session, we can
consider it then, when the contest is over, and
consider it, I hope, without reference to making
questions of detail questions of party issue.
3 differ with many gentlemen with whom I or-
dinarily vote on this side of the Chamber, as lo
many matters connected with a tariff bill. I am
one of those who believe that for the consumer
and for the producer and for the GoVornment, in
many, and m very many cases, a specific is pref-
erable to an ad valorem duty; but still 1 would never
go beyond what is .called the revenue point; 1
would never agree to impose a tax upon the peo-
ple of this country—and all taxes beneficial for
purposes of revenue must be on articles of gen-
eral consumption—i would never agree to impose
a tax for the meie purpose of piotection; but
while I think that, I think also that the idea of a
horizontal tariff is merely a horizontal absurdity.
These are matters of detail; they involve no
party principle; and 1 should be sorry to see them
made a subject of party issues or party contest.
I believe that would be far more dangerous and
injurious to those who suppose their interests
would be affected by any readjustment of the
present tariff, than any other course thut could
be taken.
I believe that to defer this measure is wise for
all the great interests of the country, range them
under what name yon will. 1 think we should
consider the details of a tai iff system when we are
about to alter it, not only in its details, but also
in the mode of its collection, at a time when the
pressure of an exciting political contest is not
upon us, so as to avoid the bias, the injury that
would arise to the permanency of any system so
adjusted, and leave, it, as a mere matter of busi-
ness detail, to a subsequent session. I am sure,
perfectly sure, that any tat iff which is adjusted
under the pressure of political exigencies, m this
country, will never be a permanent tariff; and
whatever may be the branch of industry affected
by such an adjustment of the tariff, however it
may be affected by it, the greatest boon you can
confer upon it is that the tariff should be perma-
nent m its character. Whether it regards the
consumer or the producer, or even the Govern-
ment itself with refeience to the amount of its
revenue, a pf rmanent system, which is free from
political issues, is one. that is wisest and best for
the whole country.
For these reasons I am unwilling, at the present
session, as we certainly can got along very well
till the next session, to touch the bill of the House
of Representatives now. I am willing to give it
a fair consideration at the next session, and go
into it as a matter of business detail. When the
questions arise, i shall take occasion further to
express my sentiments in reference to the various
propositions contained in .the bill.
Mr, POLK. As I voted for the postponement
of this bill until December, and am now determ-
ined to vote for the reconsideration, I wish briefly
to state my reason. One grand consideration for
the postponement was, that, as the session then
stood, I did not believe we could, in the short
time that remained, give the matter that consider-
ation which it required. We may not be able to
do it now; but as the House extended the session
one week, they may be willing to extend it far-
ther. Another reason was, that I did not believe
the bill that was offered by the House was well
matured; that I thought-it needed important
changes, especially in the matter of warehouses;
but, sir, 1 am well satisfied that we ought to have,
for purposes of revenue to the country, a tariff
that will yield more than the tariff of 1857 docs.
I am opposed to all tariffs for protection; but I
think it is good policy—at least it has been the
policy of the country heretofore, and I believe the
whole Union is satisfied with it—that we should
by a tariff raise enough to pav the economical ex-
penses of the Government. 1 am willing to do
that; and I am willing to make such modifications
as may be necessary for that purpose. I shall,
therefore, vote for the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Virginia
has said that if the appropriation bills go through,
as he expects, they will only vary the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury for the present
year about two or three hundred thousand dol-
lars. The estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for the expenses of the coming year was
$60,700,000. Do I understand that we have added
about two or three hundred thousand dollars to
that ?
Mr. HUNTER. What 1 stated was, that the
bills, as passed, would differ by but a very small
amount from what the Secretary of the Treasury
estimated they would be.
Mr. SIMMONS. So I understood. His esti-
mates for this year were, that the annual appro-
priation, together with the permanent appropria-
tions, would cause an expenditure of £66,71)0,000.
That is in the book. Now I understand there has
been an addition of two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars. That will bring it up to $(>7,000,000.
The Seeietary goes on to say that, if we make
the appropriations to cover the deficiencies in the
Post Office Department, the amount would be
swelled up to seventy-four or seventy-five million
dollars. Ho says:
l<The failure of Conqte^s at the last to pat>s the
bill toi the semee ot the To-t Office Dep.v.tment icndun
necessary appropriations for that Department, winch mu->t
be made duunu the pre-^nt fiscal year. Av then' amount--
are not contained in the piooednn* statement, it will he
neee-wiry to eonsidei them, in oulei to ;urive at the tiue
condition of the Tien«,ury at the close oi the present and
the ueM fiscal j ear."
He estimates that, without these Post Office de-
ficiencies, the expenses, with what wehave added,
will amount to $67,000,000. There is a bill oil
our table appropriating ^7,000,000 for the Post
Office deficicncies,aiid he says you must add that
if you want to understand how you are coming
out. Now, 1 should like to ask any Senator,
with the expei ience we have had in tilts matter,
is there any probability of getting 000,000
from all sources, or $72,000,000 fi osn customs;
We have never yet reached $56,000,000, under
the piesent tariff, and shall not, this year, as I
understand the Senator from Georgia, by some
two million dollars. We have not, for the last
two years, got more than two or two and a half
million per annum from all other sources. Piob-
ably we shall have less than sixty million dollars
altogether, and there will be a deficiency, ac-
cording to his account, if we do not pass the Post
Office deficiency bill, of ^7,000,000; and with that
bill, of $14,000,000.
"\-ople may say that if the Government would
Now, one word about the great length of time
that will be required to correct the details of the
bill that is now proposed to be brought before
the Senate. A good many papers have been is-
sued telling about what enormous difficulties there
are in this bill that has come from the House of
Representatives. I do not believe that if the Sen-
ate were to take up the bill and read it, it would
take long to dispose of it. I have seen no.com-
plaint whatever of anything but the duties upon
iron and steel, and they could be adjusted m a
single day. There has been very great misrep-
resentation about the amount of duty to be im-
posed, and there is no sort of foundation for a
great deal of what has been said in regard to it.
Nobody is very tenacious about any of these par-
ticular rates. They are not going to be contested
and debated like ordinary questions. We have
got to laise revenue; we have got to raise more
money; and somebody will complain if he has to
pay any part of it. That would be a complaint,
let you arrange your tariff as you may. If.you
have got to raise moie money, there will be peo-
ple dissatisfied who have to pay it. But that does
not meet the difficulty; there will be just as much
dissatisfaction next winter, if you postpone the
tariff to the short session. I never knew but one
tariff bill to pass in a short session, and that was
made principally in a committee room the last
night of the session; and that is the present one,
that has failed by $20,000,000 to get money enough
to raise expenses since it has been going on.
Mr. HALE. Was not the tariff of 1846passed
at a shoi t session ?
Mr. SIMMONS. The 30th of July, 1846, was
the date of its approval. The title of this bill now
on (lie table is to repeal the act of July 30, 1646.
That might be a shoit session, but it would be
called a long one now. The tariff of 18*!\J was
passed on the 30th of August. This want of tune
is proposed to be supplied in a short session of
ninety days. I trust that those who have voted
against the postponement of this bill will now vote
to bring«it back here, where it belongs, if there
was any impropriety in postponing it, there is
propriety m reconsidering the vote by which it
was postponed; and I do not believe that it will
requiic more time than there remains of this week
to give it all the examination and to correct all the
mistakes that the Senator from Massachusetts
wants to correct. I believe he and myself could
sit down and do it in half an hour, I do notthink
he would find a dozen items that he would like to
alter, if he could have his own way. That is my
judgment, though I have not examined it very
critically. There are but very lew items in the bill
that have received any complaintfrom the public.
I never knew of a taiiff that received so little.
There is no disposition here, that 1 have seen, to
embarrass anybody in making con ections. Yes-
teulay it was announced, all over the Senate, that
wo should be ready to adjourn to-day, and they
; weie uigmg us to do so. Now we have this day
1 and three others of this week, and I have no sort
of doubt that we can come to an amicable adjust-
ment in reference to this bill, and make it so'that
it will raise from five to ten million dollars a year
more than the present tariff. We have got, it
must be recollected, m addition to the deficiencies
only comedown to aproper expenditure of money, j that have been accruing within the last ths eeyetu s
wc should have money enough; but we are spend
ing about seventy or seventy-five million dollars
every year, and have been for the last three years;
and there is no doubt but that we shall expend
as much next year, because we have made the
i appropriations, or aie about to finish them, and
j they come up to the Secretary's estimate. We
j shall pass the Post Office deficiency bill, there is j
I no doubt of it; and we shall require from seventy- |
i two to seventy-five million dollars altogether, at ;
j the least. I have no idea that we shall get more i
j than $56,000,000 next year from the customs un- j
! der this tariff; but J will not ventureany opinion ;
! as to what ttie imports will be. The difficulties j
| I have seen in the estimates have been that they <
i first said this tariff would yield nineteen percent., \
, and all the subsequent estimates have been that !
1 it would yield sixteen per cent., whereas it has ;
| never yielded in any single year fifteen per cent.; j
i it has not averaged fourteen and a half in the three j
| yeais it has been in opeiation. I said it would !
! probably average from fourteen to fifteen per cent., !
I and it has never come up to fifteen or gone below >
i fourteen. !
to pay interest on the debt wo have been creating;
and within six or seven years we have got to pay
^0,000,000 nf public debt, and the interest, has
got to be about four millioirdollars a year; and
the public debt will require $6,000,000 a year, over
and above our current receipts, to meet it. If we
are going to continue to hire money to pay inter-
est, we can get along in that way. Our credit is
good, and there is no difficulty m bnfrjg money
for this Government at five per cent.; and it ap-
pears to me that there is a determination to con-
tinue to do it. If wo can reconsider tins vote and
go into an adjustment of the bill, section by sec-
tion, in my opinion we shallget very near through
it this evening.
Mr. WILSON. I am very willing to vote for
this reconsideration, as I said before I should do,
provided Senators are ready to go into an exam-
ination of the matter in earnest, and that this is a
reality and not a show. As things stiikc me, it
looks rather as a pretense of doing something
than a serious attempt; but Senatois have avowetl
their willingness to go into the consideration of
this matter. The Senator from Rhode Island
