1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2248,
Wot all powers over person and property; but
those of which he had spoken—
"are not only not granted to Congress, but are in ex-
press terms denied, and they aie forbidden to exercise them.
And tills prohibition is not confined to the States, out the
words are general, and extend to the whole territory over
which the Constitution gives it power to legislate, includ-
ing those portions of it remaining under territoual govern-
ment, as well as that covered by States. It"—
That is, these prohibitions in the bill of rights—
" It is a total absence of power everywhere within the
dominion of the United States, and places the citizens of
a Territory, so far as these rights are concerned, on the
same footing with citizens of the States, and guards them
as (irmly and plainly against any inroads which the Gen-
eral Government might attempt, under the plea of implied
or incidental powers."
Now, sir, comes the sentence which the Sena-
tor took out of its context, applied there in that
connection, ill answer to that argument, confined
and limited to these very subjects-matter of discus-
sion:
" And if Congress itself cannot do this"-.
Do what? Make any law in a Territory re-
specting the establishment of religion or the free
exercise thereof, or prohibiting the freedom of
speech or of the press, or the right of the people
peaceably to assemble and petition the Govern-
ment for redress of grievances, &c.; and, there-
fore, says the judge, even if the Constitution of
the United States does not extend to a Territory,
yet Congress must go there when it organizes the
Territory, and Congress wears the Constitution
round its body like a hair shirt, and therefore it
can make no law violating any provision of the
Constitution—
" And if Congress itself cannot do this—if it is beyond
the powers conlerred on the Federal Government—it will
iie admitted, we presume, that It could not authouze a ter-
ritorial government to exeici^e tlieia."
N#t even if the territorial government were
wholly outside of the Constitution. The next
sentence explains it:
" It could confei no power on any local government es-
tablished by it> authority, to violate the provisions ot the
Constitution."
The Senator, as I have said, might as well go
into any other decision that was ever reported,
and take language which the judgeapplied to any
particular circumstance out of its context, and
read it to us and say: " That is the settlement by
which you agreed to abide." I might go further
into that; but I leave it with that statement.
As 1 have said before, we had nodifficulty about
this; we never, until early in the spring of the
year 1858, had any controversy about the ease of
Dred Scott. The first thing that attracted my at-
tention in connection with it was in the special
message of President Buchanan, ill February,
1858, on the subject of the Lecompton constitu-
tion, in which he used that remarkable expression
that Kansas was as much a slave State to-day as
South Carolina. If he meant to say that slavery
had been established in Kansas by act of her Ter-
ritorial Legislature,as it had been, and thatslaves
were then held under that law, the statement was
perfectly true, and I did at first accept it in that
sense; but by and by I saw it was expanded into
something new: into the monstrous proposition
that the Constitution of the United States estab-
lished slavery in the Territories. Then, I say,
in the very language of Mr. Lincoln, it is estab-
lished also in the States. The only difference be-
tween Mr. Lincoln m Illinois, m 1858, and Judge
Douglas's Harper article in thatrespect, was this:
neither of them was the author of the argument,
for it was applied here, I recollect, by several
Senators in debating the Lecompton question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By the Republican side.
Mr.PUGH. Certainly. Neither of them was
the author of it; but Mr. Lincoln applied it where
it had no application, whereas, Judge Douglas,
in his Harper article, applied it where it was un-
answerable. I watched the Senator from Louis-
iana carefully to see whether he would assert the
E reposition that slavery existedin the Territories
y virtue of the Constitution, and I declare I am
unable to say.
Mr. BENJAMIN". If the Senator will permit
, me to interrupt him 
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state my proposi-
tion. I will not take his language. I will tell
him precisely my views. Into the Territories of
the United States all the citizens of all the States
have a right to go with their property; slaves are
property, recognized by the Constitution of the
United States; and, therefore, when a citizen of a
State goes with a slave into the Territory, the
Territory being under the government of Con-
gress, which is bound by the Constitution, the
slaves are there protected by the Constitution.
That is my proposition.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see that the Senator has
answered my question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say that Congress does
not establish slavery, does not exclude it, but
finds the Territory with the Constitution of the
United States extended over it. Slavery does not
exist. Slaves exist. Slavery means the condi-
tion of slaves. When a slave is taken mtoaTer-
ritory, he is there as property protected by the
Constitution. That is what I mean.
Mr. PUGH. Now, sir, with the exception of
the right to grant patents for useful inventions,
and to sccure copyrights, and the single ease of
a fugitive slave, the Constitution of the United
States nowhere defines any right to property, nor
confers any, nor recognizes any; and it recognizes
those three foims of property for particular rea-
sons: in the case of patents and copyrights, be-
cause the States conferred it on the Federal Gov-
ernment with a view to make the use of that
property beneficial throughout all the limits of the
United States; in the case of a fugitive slave, be-
cause but for that provision of the Constitution,
the property would at once become extinguished.
They are exceptional cases; and, therefore, to
assert that the Constitution of the United States
either creates or recognizes any other form of
property than this as such, is, in my judgment, a
proposition that cannot be maintained. It is for
the States to define property—all of them—and in
their dealings with each other they are subject
first to the" provisions of the Constitution, and
then to the comity of nations; and I agree, as I
said at Charleston, that in a Government organ-
ized like ours, with a number of States, each hav-
ing the right to define property, and a number of
dependent colonies to become States by emigra-
tion from the original States and settlement there,
there is a right of emigration; but it neither comes
from the Constitution nor from any act of Con-
gress, nor does it arise under the Federal Govern-
ment in any sense. Therefore it imposes no
power and no duty on the Government of the
UiutedStates. That is precisely the question, with
any other questions of the same character, that I
claim that somebody shall have an opportunity tt>
argue to the Supreme Court of the United States
before they deliver their decision.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to ask a question?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator, then,
if, after the Supreme Court shall have decided in
a case, if he agrees with the doctrine announced
at Freeportby the Senator from Illinois, that, not-
withstanding that, the people will be able to get
rid of the decision rightfully?
Mr.PUGH. I was coming to that, for I thought
the Senator grossly misinterpreted that speech. I
was coming to that; and I wanted to get first to
an understanding of where we stood in relation to
the controversy Before that speech, and to show
the country, or those, at least, who may take suf-
ficient interest to listen to what I have to say,
that, when the Senator from Louisiana asserts
that we have broken the pledge contained in the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, m no sense have we
been false to it; that we have not faltered from it;
that it is he and his supporters who have violated
that covenant, and who new attempt to force that
violation on us against our will; and that is the
reason why I arraign him, so far as one gentle-
man may rightfully arraign another, for depart-
ing from the pledge of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
and from the faith of the Democratic party, de-
clared in the Cincinnati platform.
Now, sir, what was said in the Freeport speech ?
In the first place, how unfair, how ungenerous, to
take a speech rapidly made in the midst of thou-
sands of people, with the ordinary freedom of
stump speaking, as we call it in the westerncoun-
try, to take a paragraph out of it in the midst of
the excitement of a multitude, and set it up against
hundreds and hundreds of well-matured and
clearly-expressed opinions of the same gentleman
delivered here in his placein the Senate. Can that
be the objectof the Senator? Does he wish to take
an unfair advantage ? If one of us finds the next
day, in the Globe, that any of Us, in the haste of
discussion, has said something that he did not
mean in all its extent, nobody ever denied an op-
portunity to explain it, even when it was quoted
upon us afterwards, even at howevergreata lapse
of time. What did Judge Douglas say at Free-
port? He said the question was referred to the
judiciary, and that he expected the judiciary to
decide it. He expressed his own opinion indi-
vidually in addition that the court would not make
any decision adverse to the rights of the people;
ana then went on to say what further? He said
it was an abstract question at all events, in nine
cases out of ten, for that no decision of the courts,
and no legislation by Congress or by the Terri-
tories, ever would control the wishes of the people
in that regard. The Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] has said the same thing within a
week here in the Senate Chamber. Those who
listened to him heard him say it. He said it was
impossible to force slavery on a people; that you
could not get judges to direct juries, and if they
did direct them the jurors would return false ver-
dicts, and therefore, whether it was right or wrong
for them to do, it was impossible to force slavery
on them. That is just precisely the amount of
the Freeport speech; and taken in its whole con-
nection, is was to show how ridiculous was the
supposition that the great body of a community
would have that institution thrust upon them
against their will.
Sir, I shall pass over, though I intended to no-
tice, what was said about all the quotations that
were made from Mr. Lincoln's speech, with a
single remark. The Senator says that Judge
Douglas, in 1858, was pressed in his Illinois con-
test, and under that pressure he gave way. Who
pressed him? Not alone his Republican oppo-
nents, headed by Mr. Lincoln, but an Adminis-
tration professing Democratic principles, elected
on the Cincinnati platform, affirming the resolu-
tions of 1798as constituting a fundamental article
of the Democratic creed. That Administration
used its office-holders and its power and its pat-
ronage in the limits of a sovereign State to control
the election of her Senators and Representatives.
Sir, if it had happened m the times of Thomas
Jefferson, or of George Mason, or of Nathaniel
Macon, it would have been like the treason of
Aaron Burr. It is the most flagrant violation of
the principles and policy of the Democratic party
that over was perpetrated. Up to that time I had
hoped well of this Administration. Since that
time 1 have had no hope of it; and yet I did not
agree with Judge Douglas in the points at issue
he was making with the Administration at all. I
thought he was wrong on the Lecompton con-
troversy from beginning to end, and he knows
that. That was what pressed him; and having
been pressed there, the Senator from Louisiana
now supposes he did not have a popular majority.
Why not? Because the Administration took off
enough votes to let him into a minority of the
whole vote of the State; but if you add the votes
that were given to the Administration ticket to
those that were given for his friends, he was in a
clear majority. But the Senator says that, com-
paring the majorities given by the different mem-
bers elected to the Legislature, there was a
majority against him. What a curious sort of
calculation is that. There is the county wiieie
my colleague lives, which I believe gives about
four thousand Republican majority—somewhere
in that neighborhood. It only has one represent-
ative in the Ohio Legislature. If you come to my
county, if the Democrats could only carry it by
one—and they carried it the last time by about
twelve hundred—they liave eight representatives
in the Legislature.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask my colleague one
question, for, after all these words, I am at a loss
to know exactly what is meant. I barely want
to know whether my colleague thinks that the
people of a Territory, through their Territorial
Legislature, can prohibit slavery, and that prohi-
bition can be legally effectual?
Mr.PUGH. I certainly do believe—I thought
I had stated it sufficiently for every man to un-
derstand—that the people of a Territory, through
their Territorial Legislature, have a right to pass
an act to prevent the introduction of slaves, or the
establishment of slavery; and I believe the Su-
