1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3187;
and others think we can act upon the bill within
the next three or four clays, and complete it; or
if not, they are ready to take the time. Well, sir,
if they are ready lo make this a reality, (hen my
Vote is with them for the reconsideration; but I
say, in all frankness, that I am sick and tired of
political talk about the tariff and the revenue sys-
tem of the country. The interests of this coun-
try for thirty years have been, over and over
again, sacrificed for the purpose of making polit-
ical capital out of the adjustment of the revenue
system of the country. Sir, as a representative
of my State—a commercial and manufacturing1
State—as a man who has had something to do
with business affairs, I am against it. 1 am m
favor of settling this tariff question upon business
principles, for the interests of the whole country;
and of taking it, as far as it can be taken, out of
the political issues of the country.
The House of Representatives has framed a
bill. That bill has had a larger consideration
there than probably any bill that ever passed that
House. It has been maturing during three years;
it has been submitted to merchants, to manufac-
turers, and men fully acquainted with the details
of these matters. It comes here; 1 believe it is,
in the main, a good bill; but I think there are
some imperfections m it. if Scuatois are leady
to go into the consideration of u m sober earn-
est, and to take the necessary time—if we can do
it between no\vand Monday, do it; if not, take
one week, two, or three weeks—they have my
vote; and they not only have my vote, but they
shall have my attendance also here in the Senate
to examine u in its details from the earliest time
they may fix to the latest hour of the close.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. 1 wish to say one word to
the gentleman. There are more days now before
us prior to the period of adjournment, for the
consideration of this bill, if you take it up, than
there were hours given to the last tariff act that
was pnss< d.
Mr. WILSON. I know that is true; the tariff
bill of 1857, us we all know, was carried hastily
through Congress. Now we have got a billfiom
the House, and I am ready to take the time to
consider it, and I will vote for the reconsideration
if Senators are ready; but if this is a nieic pre-
tense, a mere movement got up for political effect
in Pennsylvania, I am agamst it. I am weary
of this talk of making political issues out of a
question that is purely a business question; a
question that concerns the business interests of
the country, and should never be made a political
issue at all.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I hope we
shall reconsider this vote. It is not fair to charge
my colleague with making his motion from im-
proper motives, I have entire faith in his integ-
rity on this question, and ali others. I take it
for granted that ho has consulted with his polit-
ical associates and expects to get enough suppoit
from them to pass such a bill as will answer the
wants of Pennsylvania. Neither he nor I—cer-
tainly not I—will vote for the reenaefment of
the tariff of 1846. As the Senator from Vermont
justly said, we died under that tariff; it can do
us no good,except to torture us again; and I take
it for granted, my colleague will not think of en-
deavoring to bring that forward. I believe, also,
that, if we can get the question up, if he lias had
proper consultation with his friends, we shall
have time enough to investigate this bill, and mod-
ify it in such a way as to be aeceptable to the
country. For my osvn part, 1 think it admirable
in all its details. I am satisfied it will give at
once success and prosperity to all our people.
Other gentlemen may have exception to some
small details; and 1 am willing that we shall cor-
rect them. At all events, 1 shall vote for the re-
consideration, and I hope my political associates
will ali do the same.
Mr. BIGLER. A single remark is all that I
desire to make upon this subject. I have hereto-
fore said that J was willing to take up this ques-
tion of the tariff ;is a business question. I have
long expressed a desire to take it out of the ordi-
nary partisan scrambles of the day. 1 may be
mistaken, sir, but I have acted in the firm belief
that it is necessary as a measure of revenue, to
increase the means of the Government. The Sen-*
ator from Vnginia has presented a somewhat
flattering picture of the chances of the demands
I
on the Treasury for the present year. This view
may turn out to be correct.
Mr. HUNTER. The next fiscal year.
Mr. BIGLER. That is what I mean—the in-
coming year. But, sir, there is probably not one
of all the claims upon the Tieasuiy, to which I
have before referred, which will not be ultimately
paid.
I did not understand the Senator from Viiginia
ns looking at the other side of the picture—the
income. It is conceded that the revenue will be
over three million dollars i^s than the estimates
for the year about to terminate. The Secretary's
estimates, on which he claims the means of pay-
ment, and which the Senator from Virginia this
morning undertakes to show will be sufficient, are
$9,000,000 above the receipts from the same
sources for the last year. Only yesterday we
passed finally the homestead bill. The Secretary
estimated $4,000,OOOfrom the public land. I doubt
muelu whether he will get $1,500,000. It is no
pleasure whatever to present a very unfavorable
condition of the Treasury. There is ample room
for all we can do, to take up the present debt,
which is floating through the country—debt of
$30,000,000, which I say ought to be paid, and
never ought to be funded.
But, air, my main purpose was to ask my col-
league and the Senator from Virginia to remem-
ber that 1 stated, when I moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of this motion, that
I wanted Senators to vote for taking it up for the
purpose of considering the bill sincerely, or not
to go for it at all. I am for a readjustment of the
tariff. I believe, in the mode of assessing the
charges, we can do a great deal to stimulate the
great industrial interests of this country, without
imposing any additional burden on consumers.
That is the point ut which I want to get. So far
as anv piopositions on this side are concerned, 1
have suggested none; 1 am identified with none.
I am willing to carry out the views of my con-
stituents; and in doing that, I hold that 1 should
get for them, taking tin ir judgment mainly as my
rule of action, the best measure I can. It does
not follow that because 1 fail to getall that I ask,
therefore I shall not endeavor to do the best thing
possible.
But, sir, I only desire to say to Senators on
this side, as well as on the other, that I am sin-
cere in the movement which I have made; and I
desire the vote to be reconsideied with a view of
going into the question deliberately and fully.
Mr. CAMERON. In order to test this ques-
tion, and to save time, I send a resolution to the
Chair extending the time of the session a week
longer. We ceitamly cannot dispose of this bill
before next Monday; but anothei week will give
us full time, and I therefore move to postpone the
present question and offer this resolution 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Pennsylvania state his motion '
Mr. CAMERON. To extend the session one
week longer from the 25th.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
consider is before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think that reso-
lution ought to be adopted until we see whether
this vote is reconsidered'
Mr. BIGLER. There is a motion pending
which must bo disposed of.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 ask that my resolution be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, {if thellouMiof Representative-, eoneui,) That
the joint resolution heretofoie pa^od tor an adjournment
of CnnsrefS on the 2.'>th rn-tant. !<e ic&cmded ; and th.it the
President of the Sr-imte and the Speaker ol tie- House of
Representative-, do ad]<)uin their respective Uou-.e« nite
die, on the 2d day ol Juiv next at twelve o'clock, mei idian
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will he over.
Mr. CAMERON. I should prefer taking the
question at once on this resolution as it is, taking-
it for granted that ali who vote fur an extension
of the time will vote for a modification of the
tariff.
Mr. BIGLER. That cannot be entertained
until mv motion is disposed of.
The 'VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated that.the motion to reconsider is the motion
before the Senate. The resolution of the Senator
from Pennsylvania was read for information.
The question is upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I shall vote
against the reconsideration of the postponement
of this bill to the second Monday in December.
I believe if the Government is administered prop-
erly, if Congress will retrench the expenditures
of the Government, and make judicious appropri-
ations, the Government can get along without in-
creasing the taxes in any shape. I rose, however,
merely for the purpose of correcting a remark
that fell from the Senator from Pennsylvania. I
understood him to state that, in consequence of
the passage yesterday of the bill called the home-
stead bill, all the revenues from the public lands
will be cut off. I think, if the Senator had exam-
ined that subject carefully, and had considered in
his mind the practical operation of the measure,
he would have been satisfied that, instead of its
reducing the revenue fiorn public lands, when the
bill is put in full and successful operation it will
increase the receipts. In the discussion of that
subject and in advocating that measure, I gave, as
one reason for its passage, that it was in fact a
revenue measure. I believe now, that when that
bill is put into successful operation it will increase,
rather than dimmish, the receipts of the Treasury
of the United States; and therefore there can be
no necessity forgiving that as a reason why we
should now increase the taxes to be put on the
people. I do not think an argument ought to be
made against a measure in advance, when exam-
ined in detail it can be demonstrated—to my mind,
and I think it can be to others, as clear as that
two and two make four—that it will increase,
rather than diminish, the revenues of the Gov-
crnment of the United States.
Mr. BIGLER. It is right that 1 should say to
the Senator from Tennessee that, after all, I have
not placed much responsibility on his favorite
measure. The Secretary of the Treasury esti-
mates the income from public lands at $4,000,000
for the coming year.- In the estimate which 1 pre-
sented the other day, I reduced that to $2,200,000,
and 1 remarked that I doubted now, in view of
the passage of the homestead bill, whether the in-
come from that source would exceed $1,500,000.
Besides, the receipts from that source for the year
1860, were about one million eight hundred thou-
sand dollars, and the preceding year- about the
same sum. As I remarked the other day, I can-
not understand on what principle the Secretary
of the Treasury has estimated §4,000,000. I
repeat, it will be much nearer £1,500,000 than -
§4,000,000. 1
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to go into a
discussion of the general question of the tariff, but
I may be permitted just now and here to say that
I look upon all duties imposed on imposts as a
mode of taxation, and as the most expensive mode
in which a giv en amount of money can bo raised.
It imposes a large amount of tax upon the con-
sumer which does not go into the public Treas-
ury, and because of the indirect manner in which
the money is raised, it encourages profligacy of
expenditure. I think, therefore, the whole sys-
tem a bad one, but I do not choose on this occa-
sion to discuss it.
I merely wish to say that I shall vote for the
proposition to reconsider, because there has not
been a moment since 1 was convinced that the
tariff of 185? was obtained by corruption, when I
have not been leady to vote for iis repeal. I did
not approve of it when it was framed. I do not
approve of a large free list, thus acting indirectly
for the exact purpose of protection; and a tariff
can be made protective as absolutely by the in-
creased number of articles put upon the free list
as by any other mode winch can be adopted. I
was opposed to it, therefore, because of u« char-
acter ; and since I was convinced it was obtained
by corruption, there is not an hour that I have
nut been ready to vote for its repeal. I look upon
the tariff of 181G as a more democratic, in other
words, a more constitutional tariff, than the one
of 1857; and when the tariff of 1857 fails to sup-
ply the Treasury with that amount of revenue
which the expenditures require, 1 do not stop to
inquire whether the expendituies are too gieator
not; when it has failed to supply the money which
is necessary to m^et the appropriations made by
Congress, I think we lial better adopt one which
will give a larger revenue to the country; and,
therefore, I am willing to go back to the well- *
tried tariff of 1846, and try it upon the tariff of
