1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Confederation expressly delegated to the United
States in Congress assembled." Howcouldeach
State retain its sovereignty, freedom, and inde-
pendence, unless each State previously had these
attributes ? Then they retain what else ? "Every
power, jurisdiction, and right, which is not by this
Confederation expressly delegated to the United
States in Congress assembled." That, it seems
to me, ends the argument that they were, at least
up to that time, in their opinion, and that they
each to the other admitted the fact that tjj*ey were
sovereign, separate, and independent communi-
ties.
* These Articles of Confederation were ratified by
the States in 1781. They fought the war through,
and after the war was over they lived under these
Articles of Confederation for three years; and any
one who will sit down and read the Articles of
Confederation, and then read the Constitution of
theUnited Stectes, will come to the conclusion that
there is but one great difference between the two.
The Articles of Confederation required the States
to ratify the acts after they were done, and the
Constitution requires them to ratify them before
they are done. One is a general power of attorney
to do an act; the other requires a ratification of
the act after it is executed.
There is one othermatter of difference between
the ArticlesofConfedcration and the presentGov-
ernmcnt, though they are Governments precisely
of the same sort so far as the constituents are con-
cerned. They happen to differ in this: that one
was a naked confederation, and the other is a re-
publican Government. Mr. Story says that this
is a consolidated Government; that it was not rat-
ified by the States, and that it does not derive its
authority from the States, because the Federal
Government is a Government proper. That is
what he says, from my recollection of his Com-
mentaries. The distinction between a Government
proper and a Government improper Mr. Justice
fetory has never enlightened us about. Admitting
that this is a Government proper, the difference
between the old Articles of Confederation and
the present Government is, that the present Gov-
ernment is a republican Government; that it is
a Government which operates directly on the
people, in which the powers are divided between
separate executive, legislative, and judicial de-
partments. The Articles of Confederation did not
provide for that division. This does; and in that
again consists a main difference between the two.
In General Washington's letter, as president of
the convention, he says that the object of adopt-
ing the present Constitution was that they deemed
it unsafe to intrust these powers to one legislative
body. Hence it was a change in the organiza-
tion of the Government only. That being the
case, it speaks volumes. The convention that
drafted the Constitution, the States that ratified
it, the powers that ordained anjl established it,
never intended to change the form of the Govern-
ment, or the parties to the Government, or to sac-
rifice the rights of those who had ordained and
established it. They intended simply to change
the organization; and these are the words of Gen-
eral Washington. 1 quote now from the letter:
" Bat tbo impropriety of delegating such extensive trust
to one body of men is evident." ►
That was the old Continental Congress.
" Jlence results the necessity of a different organiza-
tion."
That " different organization" was simply sub-
stituting thepresent Federal Government, in which
the legislative, executive, and judicial powers
were vested in different departments of the Gov-
ernment; and in that consists the whole change
between the old Government and the present.
Now, sir, if, after .the Articles of Confederation of
1781 were adopted, in which each State retained
to itself its sovereignty, independence, and free-
dom, those States ever abandoned their sover-
eignty, independence, and freedom, I ask where
is the deed of abandonment? Where is the quit-
claim title? You surely would not charge me
with losing my title to land, unless you could
show somebody in wlu|m it vested? You would
not charge upon me that I had lost my right to
anything, unless you could show some better
outstanding title?
I have shown already that these thirteen colo-
nies were separate and independent communities,
existing by the authority of the Crown. I have,
then, shown that they threw off the authority of
the Crown, and in throwing that off, their gov-
ernments fell, because the authority by which
those governments had b€en established had
ceased to exist. Then, I have shown that the
sovereignty devolved not.upon the governments,
because there were no governments to receive it,
but upon the people; and that sovereignty de-
volved upon the people of thirteen sovereign, sep-
arate, and independent nations.
Then I have come up to this point—we have
got through the Articles of Confederation and the
formation of the present Government—why was
the present Government formed ? In 1787, there
were between three and four million people in
these United States. These United States were act-
ing together under the Articles of Confederation.
They found that it was a clumsy arrangement.
No State was strong enough to stand by itself.
Each one of them would have been in a most ex-
cellent condition had she been secure from foreign
aggression. Then, in order to secure liberty to
themselves and to their posterity, t# insure do-
mestic tranquillity, to provide for the common
defense, and promote the general welfare, and to
form a more perfect union, they sent delegates to
a convtintion, who should be authorized to amend
the Articles of Confederation. I have not the paper
before me now, but if I shall deem it necessary,
after this debate is over, I may furnish it to the
reporter; it is a singular fact that every single
State that appointed delegates to that convention,
put in it expressly that the convention should not
have the right to propose any amendments which
would debar the States of their right to self-gov-
ernment. I do not pretend to quote literally, but
that was the substance of every single one of them.
Those delegates were appointed by the State gov-
ernments; they met and drafted the present arti-
cles of union.
Now, sir, let us consider for a moment, in or-
der to construe these articles, (for it is right, in
construing a treaty, always to look to the proto-
cols,) what was the object of the Union. The
preamble states the object. The preamble, by a
party that has existed in this c#intry for a long
time, has sometimes been considered as the Con-
stitution—I mean the old Whig party—and the
Constitution itself has been considered as a sort
of surplusage, that did not mean anything, but
that anything which, in the opinion of the Fed-
eral Government, was for the common defense and
general welfare, could be done without reference
at all to the enumerated powers. Such was not the
understanding of the fathers. This Constitution
was drafted. It was submitted to the different
States. They ratified it. It became binding be-
tween each State that ratified it and the other
States ratifying it. Between no other States did
it become binding. When it was ratified by every
State, it became binding only between the States;
the individuals had nothing to do with it. I have
no right to construe this Constitution; I cannot
say what it means; I owe my allegiance to the
State of Texas; the State of Texas has become a
party to this compact; her understanding of the
compact is binding upon me; and when persons
in these United States talk about a State commit-
ting treason, they talk sheer nonsense. A gov-
ernment cannot commit treason ! Why sir, a de
facto government, one that has no existence ex-
cept for a day, cannot commit treason. A gov-
ernment is a nonentity; it is a matter of imagina-
tion; it is a thing that cannot exist; but if there is
any single rule that is laid down by the writers
on international law about which there is no ex-
ception in the world, it is the proposition that any
individual acting under a government de facto can
be guilty, of treason only to the government under
which he is acting. By a government de facto, I
mean a government that has a legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial department, and an exchequer.
Whenever you find a legislative, executive, and
judicial department, and an exchequer, then you
find a government; and any one acting under that
cannot be guilty of treason, except to the govern-
ment that has that legislative,.executive, and ju-
dicial department, and that exchequer; and when-
ever that government declares its relations to any
other government or set of governments at an end,
its decision is final, so far as those within its ter-
ritorial limits are concerned.
That is a rule of the law of nations; and those
men who talk about dissolving the Union at some
time or other by rebellion and treason, have a
fancy for being hung that I have not. They are
perfectly willing, they say, whenever the emer-
gency arises, to commit rebellion and treason;
they are willing to be hung; now I am not. I un-
derstand that I owe my allegiance to the State of
Texas; I understand that that State is one of the
parties to this compact. 1 understand that this
Government is exercising—no, sir; I take that
back—that she is exercising some of her sover-
eign powers through this Government conjointly
with the other thirty-two States with whom she
is confederated; and whenever she declares that
she ceases to exercise those sovereign powers con-
jointly through this agency; whenever she declares
that this Federal Government is no longer her
agent, I am bound by her behests; and if this
Government or the other States shall declare war
against her, I will elect either to fight under the
standard of my own country, or to fight against
it; and if I shall be found under her flag fighting
for and upon the soil of Texas, then I say you
would have to trample upon the law of nations
before you coufd treat me as a traitor. If I should
be caught in the ranks of the enemy and be not
hanged, I should not receivc what I should in that
event deserve—the death of a traitor and a felon.
Those men who talk about revolutionary rights
are simply guilty of the ignorance of not know-
ing under what form of government we are liv-
ing. They talk about States committing treason.
How is it possible that a State can commit trea-
son? A State is not anything. Perhaps they mean
the individuals who are acting under the author-
ity of the State. You cannot pick up any book
upon international law that does not lay it down
as an axiom, that any one who is acting under'a
government, either de jure or de facto, cannot be
guilty of treason or rebellion, because those things
are not possible. They are, therefore, talking
about what they do not know, and it is mere gab-
ble; that is the truth of it. A great many people,
who talk about defending sovereign rights and re-
bellion and treason, who are ready to resist at the
right time, are simply indulging in gammon; they
do not know anything about what they are talk-
ing of; and they do not intend to do anything
when the emergency arises.
Well, Mr. President, I have wandered so far
from the subject that I do not know where I left
off; but I was on the homestead bill, I know,
[laughter,] and I am coming back to that. This
Government being established on these principles,
and it being a Government of the kind I have de-
scribed, the question results, has this Government
a right to furnish lands to the landless, and homes
to the homeless ? and after that is settled, as I said
before, I will introduce the other proposition,
whether we should not furnish niggers to thenig-
gerless, in order to work the lands? You must
understand why it is that I have gone into these
preliminaries. It is to establish the fact that the
lands do not belong to the individuals living in the
United States; that they do not belong to the in-
dividuals as one political community; that there is
no such political community; that the legal title
vests in the Federal Government, but that the
Federal Government is itself a trustee, and that
the cestui que trusts are not the individuals living
in the United States, but the States themselves,
who are the parties to the contract. If it be.con-
ccded that the premises arc correct, and that the
legal title to the lands vests in the United States
Government, and that the equitable title is in the
States, that the States are the cestui que trust; and
if it be also conceded, (which I suppose will be
doubted or denied,) that there is a tenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, which declares that" the
powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution are reserved to the Stateg," and you
can find no delegation of power to provide homes
for the homeless, and land for the landless; and if
you cannot find among the enumerated powers
of this- Government, among other purposes, af-
ter stating the object to be to form a more perfect
union, and to secure liberty to ourselves and to
our posterity, and insure domestic tranquillity, and
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare, that this is also an eleemosynary establish-
ment to take care of the indigent—I say if this be
not found there, then I think my premises will
follow; and what are they? That the lands belong
to the States; that tliey are a Federal fund; that
the money in the Federal Treasury belongs to
the States; that that is a Federal fund -, that every
