280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 29,
from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] been as famil-
iar with constitutional law and parliamentary pre-
cedents as his long experience in legislation would
have led us to suppose, he could have found suffi-
cient and abundant reasons to justify my conduct
and that of a majority of the House, without vio-
lating all parliamentary and gentlemanly courte-
sies that arc rccognized in all deliberative bodies,
by impugning- the motives of his peer, and charg-
ing sordid and selfish considerations as the moving
cause of our action.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether I am to understand
his language as imputing to me any conduct that
was ungentlcmanly ?
Mr. GROW. I said that the gentleman vio-
lated all parliamentary and gentlemanly courte-
sies that are recognized in all deliberative assem-
blies. It needs no reference to parliamentary law
to know that. The first rule of parliamentary law
is that no gentleman has the right to impugn the
motives of another.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he means, by that language, to impute
to me any conduct that is ungcntlenianly ?
Mr. GROW. 1 ask the gentleman to refer to
his own language, and see what he thinks 
Mr. BRANCH. I demand of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to know whether he means by
that language to impute to me any conduct that is
ungentlemanly or unbecoming?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman charged, theother
day, that I had defeated the Post Olliee appropri-
ation bill, in order to compel the President of the
United States to call an extra session of Congress.
I say that such an imputation on my motives was
not gentlemanly under parliamentary law.
Mr. BRANCH. I repeat the question which
I have already asked the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania—whether he designs, in those remarks,
to impute to me any conduct unbecoming a gen-
tleman? A failure to respond I shall assume to
be an affirmative answer.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Clerk, I talc., the language
of the gentleman. What I have saul on it isphun
English, and there it stands. Thegenlleman,the
other day, impugned my motives of action on the
Post Office bill. The impugnment of moth es in a
legislatne body is everywhere regarded, not only
as unparliamentary, but as ungentlemanly, under
parliamentary practice and law.
Mr. BRANCH. I repeat that the gentleman
has not responded to my inquiry, and that 1 shall
take his failure to respond as an affirmative an-
swer.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman can take just
what he pleases.
Mr, BRANCH. I will do so.
Mr. GROW. I wiii read the gentleman's own
language, fiom the Globe of Monday last:
•• Now, 1 think 1 am (u-tifiaMc, in tin* lace of those farts,
m oaying th.it the (it sign wha h the gentleman had in view
was to kill the lull, ami tk.it the motive and object that tin
had was to compel the President to call Congie^ together
shortly alter the 4th ot Maich. ;
That is the language to which I apply the par-
liamentary law; andT take back nothing that I
have said.
Now, Mr. Cleik. there is one other point in tins
transaction to which I dt sire to call the attention
of the ILpuse. Neither of the gentlemen com-
mented upon it, when they attempted to hold me
responsible for defeating the Post Office bill, and
impugned my motives. I pass by all impugn-
ment of motives: for gentlemen stand on this
iloor, independent Representatives, responsible to
their constituents for their conduct. If motives
of gentlemen are to be impugned for their action
in legislative bodies, everybody knows what the
result would be.
Now, I call attention to the history of this trans-
action, after the defeat of the bill which had on it
the amendment increasing the iates of postage.
Mr. PiiEi.rs moved to take the bill irom the table.
The Hons" refused to take it up. If the House
were to eousider unconstitutional amendments,
tluit would be an entire waiver of its right to insist
that the Constitution should not be violated by the
Senate. After that vote Mr. Piiulps asked the
unanimous consent of the House to report another
bill making all tho appropriations which were in
tho first bill. Tiint bill passed the House by a
unanimous vote; when o single objection would
have prevented its introduction* So soon as
this bill, increasing postage, was laid aside by the
action of the House, a new bill was introduced and
sent to the Senate, appropriating $15,000,000 for
the current expenses ofthe department; §3,800,000
for a deficiency, and about two million dollars for
building post offices, &c. What was its fate in
the Senate? I propose to trace all three of these
bills which passed the House, and see what be-
came of them. The first one was defeated by*tlie
amendment of the Senate. The next one was
left on the table of the Senate. I read from the
Congressional Globe, volume 28, second session
Thirty-Fifth Congress, page 1643:
"A message lioui the House of Representatives an-
nounced that the House had pa««ed a. hill (II. It. No. 893)
making appiopnations tor the seivice of the Post Office
Department duun;j the fiscal year ending June 30,1800."
That was the second bill the House passed.
What did the Senate do with thai bill? I read
from the same page of the Congressional Globe:
" Mr. Fitch, (at half past twelve o'clock.) I believe a
new Post Office appropiiation bill has been sent here fiom
the House. Am I eoncct?
" Ttie Vicb Prfsidlnt. The Senator is correct.
" Mr. Fitch. 1 move that it be laid on the table.
"The Vice President. By unanimous consent, that
motion can be made, business being now pending.
" Mr. S'iuart. [ hope the Senate will not do that; I do
not eon-ent to it.
'•The Vice President. Then the Secretary will con-
tinue the rcadmgof the lcpoit on the bill before the Senate.
"Mr. Toombs. I move to postpone the prior ordeisand
lake up the new Po?-t Otiice appropriation bill.
" Mi. Mallory. Theie is aease nowbefoie the Senate.
" Mi. Lane. It will not take a minute to dispo.^e of tins
e;e e.
"Mi. Toombs. I move to postpone the prior oniei.- and
take up the Post Oihce appiopnation bill winch lias ju^t
been pie-cntcd.
" Mi. Jj \ ne. I • that motion m oidcr5
"The Vice PnnsiD! vr. These wa-> no Senatoi on tin1
floor, but the leading ol'the repoit was going on. The mo-
tion is m oid-ei
" Mi. Toombs. My purpose is Jo object to the second
leading of the bill, l'want to make shoit business or it.
" Mi. Fin. u. Th.it \va> my object.
" Mr Stc yrt. I \v e h to make a icmark or two on the
motion of the Senatoi t.om (Jooig'.a to postpone the puoi
otdei ■; and take up tht bdl, and X do not do it toi the put-
p'ose oi detaining the Senate unneee^aiily a monvnt. I
coulee, although J shall not feci pei -oually interested in it
heieaitei, that I have s ome solicitude m icgatd to the
manner in whieh the Senate shall act upon what I tlunkto
bo a veiy impmtant oeea.-ion. f shall tuni the attention oi
the Senate to tho pailianicntary law on the subject, and
make only a- ugg<-*tion oi two. I may, peihapsbe'mdulged
m -a\ nig 
'•Mi Kino The Senatoi w ill eveu^ me. I ask whether
the pnoi oidci-> have been postponed 5
Mr. Sti'akj\ J am speaking to rhe motion to po>tpune.
"TheVier Piusident The Senatoi fiom Michigan
proposes to oil'ei some icinaiks on the motion to postpone.
Theie has been no int'nrupfion ot the Senator ^et; no
question has been lair-ed upon him.
" Mr. Stu ykt. I >-haU be veiy buef.
"Mr. Toombs. I hope no inclev.int disf>us<ion will ho
allowed. I oti|oet to the Senator going lnithei th..n di.->-
ou mg thN motion undei the '-tiiet inles of the Senate
'• Mi. Stc yrr. I ha\e no di>pootion to go any imiher
than Jhat; and \vliene\ ei tne Chair thinks f am out ol oidet,
] sdiall ho Vv h.ippy t<> heai the s-'i'^rMion, and t<> U ave
the -nhioct. I pie^mne jou ran haidly find am gentleman
heie who has hv-v inteie-t in it than I have; hut 1 was
about to give some ) ere on.> w iiy [ >!iall \ ote toi the morion
lo take up the bill, and I am not goin? into a di-cus'ion of
the merit-oi the hill; hul 1 am going to ^av what I think
ought to be ilono with it, it the motion ptevaib.
••Mr. Iverson. I make a point of order. It Is not in
order for a Senator to go into a diseuwon as to wnat ougnt
to be done w ith a bill betore it is taken up. It is tune to do
that when the bill i* taken up.
"The Vu i: President. The Chair, m answer to the
point of ordei, will state that, under the instruction of the
Senate the othci evening, he will dccide against debate upon
the question in tegaul to the piioritv of businofc^.
4* Mr. Stuart. I hope the question wdl be put on taking
up the bill.
"The \ ici President. It h moved and seconded that
the piiov oidcrs be postponed, with a view to take up the
House Post Office appiopnation bill.
" The motion wa> agreed to.
'•Mi. S-iuaut. Mr.^Pro--idem 
"The Virr Pri:.sii>ent. Will the Sen.'tor let the billb"
icad the lust time ?
lkMt. S'rrurr. \To,>;}. The bif! is up before the Senat" ."
"'The \'k h i'RESiui'M. Ye.-, mi.
"Mr. Stihrt ?Cow\ T suppose, f 'hall he enfiui} m
oidei m j-uhmitting what I ptojio^e to do.
"Tile Vice President. The bill mu-t bo lead <i fust
time beibu: theie < an lie eny di. cu'-sion upon it.
"VTt. Stoaiit. X submit to the Cha'u that it need not be
k ad at all.
"The Vic7 President. Well, the Chah will lie ir the
Then, upon pagu IG-io:
" '['bo Vic- Pn:> ident Th" bill wul b • read tii'.ough,
ifiMliured.
"TIk- lull Jl. K. \o b03) ij!a'<iii'.rai>p:o:Miation' lor the
fcivice oftiie pn-t Oiliee Depu1 f:m.nt. dumm the fj-'cal yeat
ending the 30th ot June. 18U0. was tend the tir-t time by it;'
-ltle.
v-Mi Too'iE^. I obi' el to the second reading of the
ivll.
"The Vice President. If desired, the bill will be read
throuffh.
"Mr. Stuart. Unless some Senatordemandstheread-
ing of the bill tlnough, 1 piceume it is not necessary.
"Mr. Mason. I ask that the. bill may be read for inform-
ation.
"The Vice President. The Sccietary must read the
bill.
"Sevcial Senators. It is the same as the old'bill.
" Mr. Mason. 1 want to hear it read.
"The Secretary read the bill.
" The Vice Pucfidfnt It is moved and seconded that
the bill do lie on the table.
"Mr. Toombs. No_, sir; I objected to the second read-
ing of it, and, aci-ouling to out rulo, i believe it cannot be
lead twice to-day without unanimous consent.
"The Vice President. It cannot be lead twice to-day,
! obiection being made.
i "Mi.Reid. 1 move to lay it on the table.
! "Mi. Hunter. Jt doe> lie on the table, because Its
; second icadmg is objected to It cannot come before the
I Senate when the second leading is objected to.
i " Mr. llrid. I withdraw the motion."
| That "was the fate of the second bill
I Weil, sir, a third bill was passed by the House;
|and now, what was done with that bill? How
I did it come before the two Houses? I wish it
! borne in mind that three separate bills were passed
j by the House of Representatives, making till ne-
1 cessary appropriations for the service of the Post
: Ollice Department; the first on the 26th of Feb-
1 ruary, the second on the 3d of March, and the
| third at half past ten o'clock, a. m., on the 4th of
j March; all of which were sent to the Senate. J
; have cited the record ofthe fate of two of them.
; All three, us pas&od by the Hou.se, weie substan-
tially if imt exactly the f,ame. The last two con-
tamed no provision that had not been previously
; concurred m by both the Senate and House. But
what was done with the third bill? The Senate
asked for a committee of conference, after we had
sent to them the second bill, to consult as to the
i powers ofthe two Houses. That committee was
| granted in this House without a single objection,
j The committee of conference was appointed. And
i here let me reply to the inquiry of the gentleman
j fiom North Carolina the other day, why we did
j not allow the first bill to go to a committee of con-
' ferenc ?
Sir, 1 had seen, in my experience in this House,
enough to believe, that if ancli a committee were
; appointed a majority of its members would be
ayainst the wishes of tho majority ofthe House.
| 1 had, during that Congress, seen a majority of a
committee appointed from the minority of the
| House on an important legislative measure. But,
sir, I would not yield tho constitutional prerog-
ative of this House, in the fust place; and, in
i the next place, I -would permit no increase in the
' rates of postage to pass with my consent, either
then or hereafter: and, therefore, I would not per-
l nut the amendment increasing postage to go to
I a committee of eoniercn^e, where, in the hurly-
' burly of the last hours of the session, it might be
forced through.
| When the committee of conference asked by
; the Senate was granted, without an objection, it
' was composed, as T apprehended it would be on
i the port of the House, of a majority of members
; who -voted against my resolution. Two gentle-
■ men were put on it representing the minority of
j the House, and oiv% representing the majority.
. That was the way it was constituted. I was put
i on it, it is true, but I was the only one represent-
' ing tin views of a majority of the House, while
, the other two represented a minority. And after
the committee of conference was raised, by the
' unanimous voice of the House, they met and ex-
! changed views with the conferees on the part of
, tiK-Senate. They decided, unanimously, to report
jm-t <is the gentleman from Isorth Carolina the
other day said. The following is that report;
Th" eommiltoe of conference on the disagreement be-
tween the two Houses on the resolution adopted by them,
lespecUvely, in relation to the action oi' the Hou^e on the
Semite's amendment to the bill (II. It. No. 872) "making
appsopriatton-' for defraying the ot the Post Office
Depaitment for the vear endmjithe JJOth of June, 1869,"
having met. alter full and lice conference, have agieed, as
follows : That while neither IEou;-e 1-5 undcistood to waive
any constitutional right which they niav respectively con-
sidci to belong to them, it beiccommendcd to theHou^c to
pass the accompanying bill, and that the Senate concur in
the sumc when it shall be sent lo than,.
,i. UV/VCUVAl.
L O'll. TUlAiVCIJ,
GAL US [I A A. GP.OW,
-u/.oj on the Dart of the House.
rilvUfLKS E. STUART,
.T. A. PEARCE.
SOLOMON FOOT,
Man a~^r<; on the part of the Senate.
