.2244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
preme Court will decide that they have the power,
when the question is brought up and argued.
Mr. WADE. I have understood the Senator
sometimes to say it was a judicial question only.
If it is a judicial question, how can the people
have anything to do with it?
Mr. PUGH. I may say that the question may
go to the courts for decision, and yet I may have
iny opinion too. I thought my colleague asked
me for my opinion. If he asked me for the opin-
ion of the court, I tell him it has not been deliv-
ered, and therefore I do not know what it will be;
but whilst 1 do have my opinion, and have ex-
pressed it many times, when a decision of that
character is made by one of the coordinate de-
partments of this Government, which establishes
a prohibition to the exercise of Federal authority,
or of authority derived in any manner from the
Federal Government, then any attempt to contra-
vene the decision leads to disunion.
Now, the Senator from Louisiana thinks that
the Tennessee resolution is only susceptible, as
he says, of one very plain interpretation. I think
so, too; but it is not his interpretation. I thought !
so when it was shown to me at Charleston, pri-
vately. Said I, "These southern people never
will take that resolution; that is, if they are m
earnest in what they say." I have never heard
anybody say, belonging to the Democratic party,
and I feel confident that the Senator from Illinois
would not say, that any Territorial Legislature
could abolish slaveiy so as to divest any right of
property in a slave, more than in any other arti-
cle of property, because the Constitution of the
United States forbids that. It says that private
property shall only be appropriated on certain
conditions. But, sir, there is a vast difference be-
tween divesting a title or a right, and preventing the
introduction of a domestic or social relation. We
are acting upon it to-day. The Constitution of
the United States—the compact of all the States
togothei—maintains within the State of Virginia
the relation of master and slave, and the title to
slave property; hut if any man goes to the coast
of Africa and finds the very same description of
property, and buys it from somebody there, and
pays for it, and brings it here, we just take his
ship away from linn, even if it be taken off the
coastof Cuba;and we bring his five hundred arti-
cles of property here and land them at Key West,
and then the President ask us for £.100,(J00 to take
them back to Africa. That is the distinction, and
it is a very wide one. That same property is
perfect in Virginia, and is protected. Virginia
made the same distinction ht lself before the^year
1808; and, whdstbhc continued to maintain slavery
and the title to slaves, she provided a seveie pun-
ishmentforanybody who would bring thatform of
property into her limits lroin any foreign country.
rl he distinction is just as broad as the difference
between light and daiknrss. 'We must protect
that which is property; which we have recognized
once as property, and which we have authorized
as property. The faith of the Government is
pledged U) it. It must be protected, as far as pos-
sible, against violence, and certainly agaiusi legis-
lative intervention. We can takeitironi tlmcitiien,
whether it bo a slave or .i horse, only according to
certain forms, and on the Government making inm
ample compensation. When the question is of
bringing m m future a particular form of govern-
ment or a particular relation of persons, every
community has a right of self-defense; property
does notovcrnde the people; and if they believe it is
destructive to the best interests of the community
to admit ardent spirits, they pass the Maine liquor
law to keep them out; if they should come to the
conclusion that horses or mules are not advanta-
geous, they would keep them out; and so with
slaves. That is the whole of it. The Tennessee
resolution says that neither Congress nor the Ter-
ritorial Legislature can destroy or impair any right
of property. I agree to that. That is the reason
1 said, if these gentleman were m earnest they
would never accept the Tennessee resolution. I
said that, as I remarked before, when it was of-
fered in convention.
There are a good many other things I should
like to observe m the course of the Senator's argu-
ment. As to whether the Senator from Illinois
has been attacked or not, m this Chamber or else-
where, whatever may be the opinion of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, I think there is but one opin-
ion in the country at large; and I will only say of
him, as I think was said of George Canning on a
celebrated occasion, " I wish that I had been so
attacked, in order to have been able, so to have
defended myself."
Now, sir, a few words of the Charleston con-
vention, as I was one of the delegates, and as one
of the majority voted for all that was done there.
A great many complaints have been made. It
seems that there was great perversity in the pro-
ceedings; that everything went wrong from the
first down to the last; and that the piesident of
the convention labored under some extraordinary
delusion; and that he continually declared propo-
sitions to have been earned that were not carried;
that the majority was in a particular way, when
the Senator from Louisiana, a thousand miles off,
is firmly of opinion they were decidcd the other
way. It is very certain that, according to the
convention, as announced by its presiding officer,
the results which he declared agreed to, without
dispute or question from any quarter, were two:
first, that the Democratic paity never would ac-
cept the doctrine of the fourth and sixth resolu-
tions now proposed—for these very resolutions
were offered by the majority of the committee on
the platform. They brought in a report, and the
minority brought in a report. It was debated at
great length, and the majority saw they had no
earthly hope of being successful with the doc-
trines declared in the fourth resolution now be-
fore tlm Senate—lor it was equivalent to that. So
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,]
not now in his seat, as a last resort, to save them
from defeat, moved to recommit all the resolutions
to the committee, and let them try if they could
together agree on something that would obtain the
vote of a majority of the convention. I helped
him to obtain that recommittal; for T did think
that the defeat was so utter that if they were
ready to come with any reasonable proposition
on which I could stand, 1 would exert myself to
secure unanimity, lint the committee, although
not quite as bad on the second report as on the
first, were still too far off, and we'had again a
majonty and minority report. The convention
voted by States, and the president of the conven-
tion—who certainly was no friend of ours, who
certainly sympathized with the Senator in every
proposition—uid declare that the report of the
minority was substituted for the report of the ma-
jority, and that the report of the minority was
adopted as the platform of the party. The con-
vention itself declared that it would not proceed
tf> the nomination of President until after it had
adopted a plattorm: and after these resolutions
had been announced, they piocceded to ballot,
and balloted fifty-seven times.
So 1 take it for granted they did establish a
platform. They certainly so understood it, and
the seceders so understood it; forwhen they found
the platform did not suit them, they went off, and
orgamzed another convention. I believe they did
not succeed in agreeing on a new name, though
several propositions were made for one; but it is
a separate political organization, it has appointed
a convention of its own to sit in the city of Rich-
mond, and all the members of it m the city ot
Charleston vacated their seats in the Democratic
convention. Thoae scats are vacant, and tho
convention has adjourned to Baltimore, with a
recommendation to the Demociacy of the States
whence those delegates came to fill the vacancies.
That is the way I understand the case to stand.
Now, I do not know whether the Senator from
Louisiana means to attach himself to the regular
convention, to the Democratic convention at Bal-
timore, or to the convention at Richmond; it
makes no difference. I admit, certainly, with the
doctrines he has avowed to-day, he had better
join the Richmond convention. But they say
there was some mode of voting arranged at the
outset that took an unfair advantage. Why did
not we hear of this in the convention? Why was
nothing said about it? Until I came up hereto Con-
gress, after the adjournmentofthe Charleston con-
vention, I did not hear anything ofthis complaint
about the manner of voting. Nobody complained
there; and I will tell you why they did not com-
plain. It is a method that always has prevailed
in the Democratic conventions. That very ques-
tion was the subject of dispute and debate at Bal-
timore in 3852, and it was settled there by a de-
cision of the Chair, and affirmed on appeal, that
wherever a State convention had instructed her
delegates to vote as a unit, so she should vote; but
that m every other case, each delegate should have
his own vote. Ill that respect, the convention at
Charleston only readopted the old rule; and now
1 will tell you who advised us to adopt that—
John C. Calhoun. Have Senators forgotten his
famous letter of February, 1844, refusing toallow
his name to be mentioned as a candidate before
the Baltimore convention, on the ground that in-
dividual delegates were suppressed, not by the
action of their constituents, not by the action of
State conventions, but by the determination of a
majority of the delegates from that Stated He
protested against it, and named the action of Vir-
ginia by name; and it was to satisfy his friends
that the rule was adopted in 1852, and it has pre-
vailed ever since, that unless a State had instructed
her delegates, each delegate should have his own
vote. The Democratic party so fardeferred to the
doctrine of State rights, that wherever a State con-
vention had ordered otherwise they yielded.
Mr. WIG-FALL. I ask the Senator from Ohio
if he has Mr. Calhoun's letter, or has read it
lately ?
Mr. PUGH. I cannot say how lately I read
it. I recollect the outlines of the letter.
Mr. WIGFALL. I also recollect it distinctly,
and I do not understand it as you do.
Mr. PUGH. How do you understand it ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I understand Mr. Calhoun
to have objected to the past mode of organizing
Democratic conventions on two grounds. It is
a long time since I read the letter, but it made an
impression on my mind. He says that one of
two modes ought to be adopted. If they voted as
a unit, then the States should count as States, and
each count one; if they voted per capita, then the
delegates should be elected by districts. What
he objected to was, that they were elected by a
convention and yet not counted as one, butm the
whole, and were thrown as a unit.
Mr. PUGH. Now, the Senator will see that
he is mistaken when I tell him that Mr. Calhoun
specified the case of Virginia, where they never
have been chosen by a convention, but by dis-
tricts.
Mr. WIGFALL. And yet gave their votes
how ?
Mr. PUGH. As a unit.
Mr. WIGFALL. That is precisely what he
objected to. He said that they must be elected
by districts and vote by districts; or if they were
notelectcd by districts, and did not vote by dis-
tucts, then they ought to vote as States. The ob-
jection to the modcthen prevailing was, that they
had neither one nor the other mode.
Mr. PUGII. That was the old convention
system.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Calhoun's idea was, that
when they voted by States, each State should count
one; in otherwords, that all should beequal. That
was his idea of voting by States; but it was other-
wise by popular numbers.
Mr. PUGH. I will tell both the Senators now
what I recollect of Mr. Calhoun's argument, and
I think my memory is better than theirs. Mr.
Calhoun advocated, as a universal proposition,
that delegates should be chosen by congressional
districts, and each of them to cast his vote as he
chose; and, commenting on the case of Virginia, he
said that in all cases where the States had voted
as units, it was also thp practice for each of the
States to count one, and therefore, he thought
Virginia was very inconsistent in her proceeding.
However, we did not at once pay attention to
Mr. Calhoun's warning, which was in 1844; but
in 1848 it became necessary for us to do it, for in
the convention of that year in Baltimore one gen-
tleman appeared, chosen by a company of his
neighbors at a cross roads in South Carolina,
who claimed to vote, and did vote, the nine votes
of that State. So wc had to amend the rules, and
we amended them in 1852 at Baltimore, and we
made this very rule that Senators contend was
suddenly sprung at Charleston to affect the result.
_ Now, sir, I acknowledge that before the elec-
tion of delegates, looking to the practice of 1852
and the practice in 1856, and the custom of the
party and the rules of the convention, the friends
of every candidate acted with a knowledge of
those rules; and who has aright to complain?
If the Democracy of the State of Ohio, for in-
stance be, as they were, unanimous, or nearly
so, in favor of a given course of action, were they
