1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That was what the committee of conference
Agreed to unanimously; the committee being, in
the abrogate, composed of four Administration
men and two Republicans, one in the Senate and
one in the House. That report, thus unanimous,
was presented to the House, and the bill reported
by them passed the House with the single objec-
tion of Mr. Mason, of Kentucky, who objected
to it on the ground that it contained appropria-
tions for post office buildings and court-houses.
It went to the Senate at eleven o'clock on the lost,
day of the session, and I will read from the Globe
to show what was done with it; and thus having
traced the three bills to their death, I will let the
responsibility fall where the record shows that it
belongs.
On the 3d of March, legislatively, that is, on
the 4th in the calendar, an hour before the ad-
journment, the message was received from the
House of Representatives in the Senate, announc-
ing the passage of the bill reported by the com-
mittee of conference. I read from page 1660 of
the Congressional Globe of the last session, vol-
ume 28:
" A nicz^agp fiom the llonsc of Representatives, by Mr.
Allen, its Clerk, at fiitcen minutes pa^t eleven o'clock,
announced thai tlio House had agreed to the icport of tuc
committee ot' confcrcnce on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (II. II. No. 872) malum? appropria-
tions tor defraying the expenses ot the Post Otlice Depait-
mcntforthe year ending the 30th of Juno, lS8t>; and, in
accordance therewith, he was directed to present t  the
Senate a bill, m which the House ol'Xlcpiescntatives asked
the concuirence of Hie Senate.
♦'Mr The IIou<?c lias just sent to the Senate
a communication, with a bill, to make appropriations for
the Post Ofiice Dcpntmcnt, m obedience to ttie icport of
the committee which was appointed to conlei between the
two Houses. I move to take up that bill, and to act upon
the report which lias been made.
" Mr. Toombs. I object, if it becomes ncce^s.nv If it
is intended only to haw it iead, I do not object to that.
'• The motion wa? agiecd to.
" The PiiLsmiNa Oi ucru. The bill h now befoie the
Senate.
" Mr. Toomus. 1 am not precluded fiom any objection
I have a ngty to make.
44 Mr. Dolulas. Doco a single objection now defeat the
bill?
"The Presiding Oificj'U. The Chair will withdraw
his decision, and leave it to the Senate to determine whether
they fahall proceed to the consideration ot the bill oi not,oi
whether Senator can object to it.
"Mr. Toombs. I stated that 1 made the objection. I
did not wish by tin* to prevent it-> bem^ i< ad for informa-
tion. I intended to got rid of the bill if \ could by an ob-
jection to it.
i{ The Presiding Ofi icnt. Tne <Jhau w ill state to the
Senator that it i5" in outer to leceive the i opo/i of the com-
mittee, and to have it read.
<k Mr. Toombs. I did not wish to obr-nuct bi^me^; but
I did not intend to lose an)- light 1 had tuoli|ca to it, and,
therefore, it was taken up merely ioj the pnipo^e of being
read witiiout prejudice. [ have nothing to *ay until i hear
from the committee.
" Mr. Stuart. If the Senator from Gooigm will allow
me, the committee ot confcienee, by the nilea, have a tight
to repoit at any time; but that doco not affect any right the
Senator mav have m ic-pect to the bill.
" Mr. Toombs. That is what I supposed ; but I wanted,
from abundant caution, that if should be understood."
And Mr. Toombs was discussing the bill when
the hour of twelve arrived, when the official re-
port of debates closes as follows:
"The Vicc pRCsiwrvr The Sonatoj fiom (Jeoicj'a will
pause. Tne hour luvnrj arrived foi the expiration ot this
Congiess, I d^elaie tne Senate adjourned sine c7jc."
Such, sir, is the history of the three bills mak-
ing the necessary appropriations for the support
of the postal service for the year endingthe 30th
of June, 1860. One received its death in this House
because it would not consent to allow the Senate
to invade its- constitutional prerogative, and we
take all the responsibility—those who cooperate
Willi me—for that defeat: and, following the ex-
ample of the gentleman from North Carolina, in
the presence of the House, ofthese mail contract-
ors, and of the country, we say that we are ready
to take that responsibility as often as the occasion
arises; for. while we hold seats heie.^v.-o^wiH nor
permit a plain provision of the Constitution to be
violated, either by a coordinate department of the
Government, or by a private nti/en ot the He-
public; and if the mail contractors, seven thou-
sand in number, to whom the Govei mnent already
owes a debt of some five million dollars, are
never paid until we consent that the constitutional
privileges of the Representatives of til*' people and
the prerogatives of this House are to be violated
by any coordinate department of the Government,
then they will never be paid. We are responsi-
ble for defeating the bill increasing the rates of
postage On the other two billc, which appropri-
ated all the money necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment, we have no responsibility. They passed
this House unanimously, and they both died in
the Senate of the Unitecl States: and I make no
charges of who is responsible for their defeat.
The record shows that.
Mr. PRYOR obtained the floor; but yielded*to
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Clerk, I was
one of the twenty-nine Democrats who voted for
the resolution of the'gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Grow,] and deem it proper that a word
should be said by way of explanation and reply.
I am of the Horatian school of philosophy, and
adopt the nil admirari m all its extent, especially
in politics; but I do admire the cool assurance of
a gentleman who, thoroughly and wholly respons-
ible, so far as this House is concerned, for what-
ever of misfortune and embarrassment has befallen
the seven thousand mail contractors to whom he
lias just alluded, can yet rise and seek to place
that responsibility anywhere else than just where
it belongs. J voted for his resolution, in the last
Congress, because 1 doubted whether the Senate
had the constitutional power to attach such an
amendment as they did attach to the Post Office
bill sent from this House, and thought that,
wherever there was a real doubt as to constitu-
tional power, it oui;ht, as a general rule, to be re-
solved against the nowcr. I would have much
prefer red", nuK-d, to'have voted against thoamend-
rnont directly: but I saw plainly that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman [Mr. Grow] returning the
bill to the Senate, would pass, and that if I voted
against it, and thus failed to indicate my opposi-
tion to the increase of postage, (for I am opposed
to it,) and my doubt of the constitutionality of the
Senate amendment, I might he placed in a talse
position upon the iecord. 1 take, then. my share
of the responsibility: and (should >^o voie again pre-
cisely under similar ciroumstam os; but J tell the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] and
I tell the country, that I would scorn myself if,
being thus responsible m pari for whatsoe\er of
disaster, embarrassment, orbankruptcy may have
fallen upon that large class of contractors, f could
rise heie in this House, in presence of my fellow-
members, and before the country, and, seeking to
place that responsibility where it dues not belong,
pour out the sighs and tears of insincerity over
the sufferings of those whom I may have wronged.^
And, sir, when the gentleman makes assaults of
this character, he ou^ht to remember that ho is
the man above all others to whom this embarrass-
ment, disaster, and bankruptcy must be ascribed,
and, responsible as he is, propriety and decorum
should have lmpr.sed silence upon linn; or, if not
sclent, certainly, at Lw-.t, he should have spoken
m atone and temper very different from that in
which his remarks wcie delivered.
Sii, the genth man from Pennsylvania, the other
day, with a rudeness and uuieeoium which f trust
will find no imitators on any side of this House,
retailed to us the stale old jest, that the New York
Ilerald had furnished the bruins for this side of
theChamber, m this dis< ussion. Yeiy well. How
easy would it be to ivtmt that_ the New York
Tribune had furnished both brains :md decency
to that side of the House, and in very small, m~
fmitessimal quantities at that; end moreover, that
it is very doubtful whether the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has received a full share m the dis-
tribution. [Laughternnd applause.] Cut I for-
bear.
I desire, then, that the responsibility shall rest
where it belongs. I shall take my part of if wil-
lingly and freely, having stated the reasons for my
vote in favor of the resolution. J want the gentle-
men from Pennsylvania to bear his part of the bur-
den; I bear mine. 1 want the distinguished Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and the Senate, to
bear th< ir portion. Let us have no more of the
matter, the language, or the manner, ill which
this subject has bei.n discussed.
Mr. PRYOR. Mi. Clerk, the member from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grov> j charges the Democ-
racy with the i< spon.ubility of the non-organiza-
tion of Congress. In so far as the charge imputes
! blame, it is unwarrantable: m so fir as it implies
i 1 praise, 11 is perfectly 111i". I f the l;>" i;:] email m< ans
;j to assert that the Democracy are le^ponsihle for
]j the n m-organ tion of the House on eonsQtu-
ij tioaal principles, and m the interest of the consti-
I j tutional party, he affirms what the record distinctly
'I contradicts; for to that end v/< have exerted our
best abilities—unsuccessfully, however, for want
of sufficient strength. If the gentleman intends to
assert that the Democracy arc responsible for the
non-organization of the Xlouse, by the election of
a sectional Speaker, and the ascendency of a sec-
tional party, we readily and cordially admit the
truth of the declaration. Nay, we boast the fact, •
and claim a monopoly in the glory of the achieve-
ment. Let it go to the country, then, on "the
deliberate asseveration of a Black Republican Rep-
resentative, that the Democracy have so far pre-
vented the success of the anti-slavery party, m a
capital object of their nefarious enterprise. Let it
go to the country, that, sooner than expose tfie
Republic to the shame and calamity of installing
a Black Republican Representative in a chief office
of the Government, we, the Democracy, albeit of
small consequence on the score of numbers, did
yet oppose an immovable barrier 111 the path of
his promotion; and that, at last, when, despite our
most obstinate resistance, the wrong was consum-
mated, if it shall be consummated, we emerged
from the struggle with honor untarnished and
courage unsubdued. This be our praise; and the
intended reproach of the member trom Pennsyl-
vania the country will distinguish as our highest
title to applause. So believing,! beg to assure
the honorable member that we are resolved to per-
sist in our course; and that when his nominee
assumes that chair, he will take it against the unan-
imous protest of the Democracy of this^ House.
No clamor of destitute contractors, in peril of pro-
test, will avail to shake us in the strength of our
purpose; for, greater than any individual wrong,
greater than any private calamity, do we regard
the wrong and the calamity of aiding Black Re-
publicanism a single step in the consummation of
its mischievous schemes.
In support of the general imputation of blame
on the Democracy for the non-organization of
Congress, the member from Pennsylvania brings
• forward the particular statement that we are re-
sponsible for the introduction of the slavery issue
in this controversy. The untruth of the allega-
tion is manifest through the vail of sophistical
reasoning employed to conceal it. In the sense
th.it he raises awanton and indecent clamor who
cries fire when he detects the torch of the incen-
diary; in the sense that he is guilty of a breach of
the peace who repels the assault of a robber—in
that sense.and 111 that sense only,are we respons-
ible for the agitation of the slavery issue in this
I debate. The nomination of Sherman for the
j Speakership was, in Itself, a proclamation of war,
! and gave the signal of hostilities. In presenting
1 a man, who, besides his general concurrence in
| the schemes of the anti-slavery party, is obnox-
i ious to the special objection of complicity in a
most mischievous and treasonable publication; a
! man who has indorsed a proposition to treat the
| slaveholders as Pariahs, and to deny them the
I courtesies of social intercourse, and the amenities
j of human fellowship—the nomination of such a
man. I say, to .preside over the deliberations of
this House, and to determine its legislation, was
tile provocative cause of the discussion which the
member and his as.-oc.av-s now pretend to dc-
ploie. They apply the hpark, and then affect
j astonishment at t'h- explosion. It is away they
! have, not to recognize the relation between cause
1 and effect, and, while bus> 111 putting- agencies
1 into operation, to disclaim responsibility for the
! logical result. So after sowing the country broad-
' cast with their dragons'-teclh publications of vio-
! hnice and sedition, they are amazed at the irrup-
tion of armed men into Harper's Ferry. The
country will as readily determine who are respons-
ible for the introduction of the slavery issue in
this controversy a^ who are respons'blo for the
: obstruction to the organization oi thoHouhC. If
! you do not desire the agitation of the slavery
; question, why did you nominate a man whose
I mere candidacy is an affront to southern feeling
i and a challenge to southern resistance: If you
did not intend to oppose an impediment to the
organization of Congress, why attempt to saddle
us with a Speaker, who&e election we arc bound
111 honor to oppose by ail expedients, and to the
last extremity ? .
But the member from Pennsylvania is disgusted
with the (lamor over the Helper publication. Very
likely. What
TIu''f e'er telt the halter divw.
With trood opinion of the !.iw.-
