1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
or to the country. Occasionally a man occupies
a position, such as Louis Napoleon, that if he were
to die at the wrong time it might create a convul-
sion; but so far as the masses are concerned, itis
matter of vefy little consequence. If I were to
die to-day, it is a mere question whether I cry for
my wife or she cries for me. The country or the
community are not involved in the question—
really not; and I am speaking seriously. As to
wars, the military chest is the question. You are
going to conquer us, are you? Where are you
going to get the money ? The Union being dis-
solved, and your ships knocked out of the carry-
ing trade, we can then put our cotton, our rice,
our tobacco, our sugar, and our molasses, upon
any bottoms that will-carry them cheapest. The
Senator from Rhode Island over there, [Mr. Sim-
moks,] I should like to know what he is goingto
do with his calico,. Who is going to buy it? We
would not. We could get it cheaper elsewhere.
Yoxir manufactories would be broken up. If they
were not, to whom would you sell? Your only
market is in the South. Well, if you cannot sell
to us—and surely you could not if the Union was
dissolved—how are you going to make money?
How are you going to get any money under cus-
tom-house taxation ? What are you going to ship
abroad ? Coxton is king. We can ship our cotton;
there is no trouble about it. Butperhaps you will
say that you will blockade us. In the first place,
naval officers like to have a little pay now and
then, if only to buy grog with. You cannot keep
them in service unless ^ou pay them. How are
you going to pay them unless you tax your peo-
ple? Your operatives will have nothing to do;
your capitalists will be broken; and whom are
you going to tax ?
How do we stand? We have our cotton, and
Europe is obliged to buy it. You might cram the
granaries of England to bursting, and stop the
supply of cotton for one week, and she would be
starving;. Q,ueen Victoria's crown could not stand
on her head a week after the supply of cotton was
exhausted, nor her head upon her shoulders. You
would not carry our cotton to England, would
you ? I expect it would travel under the Union-
jack, and a tolerably safe flag it is. Then I am
a traitor, because I suppose England would not
be starved out ? I am talking about a confederacy
with England, am I ? Well, before God, I would
just as soon confederate with them as I would
with you. They are our own blood. I am an
Englishman. You arc Englishmen. All of us
are Anglo-Saxons. We happened to settle in dif-
ferent colonies. We happened simultaneously to
throw off the dominion of the Crown of England.
We have confederated for certain purposes, and
you have broken your bargain; and then you
come in here and impiously bring in the word of
God and his authority to oppress us, and tell us
that this Union is of Divine origin. You falsify
history, and you pretend that this Union is ee"-
merited with the blood of your ancestors. What
drop of blood was ever shed for the Union ? No,
sir; it was for liberty that our fathers fought.
For seven long years did they fight for liberty;
and three years after that liberty was achieved,
and after George III. had recognized the inde-
pendence of these thirteen different colonies, did
they agree, for the common defense and general
welfare, to substitute the Government of theUnion
for the old Articles of Confederation; and yet you
falsify history, and come here and say that our
forefathers were fighting for the Union—that the
Union was cemented with the blood of our ances-
tors.
This sort of twaddle did at another time. The
people of England were kept quiet by the toryism
of Sir Robert Pilmer for a time. The people of
the South were kept quiet for a time by the sup-
position that General Washington, or General
Jackson,or the Almighty, had some time orother
formed this Union, and that King George had
come over here with some Hessians and tried to
break it up. [Laughter.] That was the general
impression, and that for seven long years they
shed an immense quantity of blood for this Union,
and that they -whipped old George out. But you
have forced us to consider two questions: first,
whether slavery is morally, socially, or politically
an evil; and in "the next place, whether this Union
was actually cemented with the blood of our an-
cestors, whether it is treason to consider whether
the people live under a good form of government.
We have come to the conclusion at the South that
we are living under the very best form of govern-
ment that was ever instituted by man; but that it
was only instituted by man. We have come to
the conclusion that the States have the right to
legislate on all subjects of domestic interest, the
Federal Government being the organ through
which the States arrange all their foreign relations.
It is the best balanced Government that has ever
existed. Extending through many degrees of lon-
gitude and latitude, if it had been cut up into
thirty-three different sorts of governments, they
would each have been powerless to protect them-
selves against foreign aggression, and they might
have got to fighting each other. Had State lines
been obliterated, and the State governments abol-
ished, and a central consolidated Government
formed, that Government would have fallen into
the hands of the majority interests and have been
pressed on the minority interest; but as things
are balanced, the rights of the States, their bound-
aries and jurisdiction, being maintained, it is the
best Government that has ever existed.
When, sir, I recently came to the seat of this
Federal Government, having been absent for a
long time, anjd living upon an extreme border;
when I saw this Capitol with its decorations, and
went down to the navy-yard and saw there the
improvements in gunnery, and went to the differ-
ent Departments and looked about here and saw the
power and the wealth displayed, I reflected that
Texas has a part in this—my own State; this is
the agency through which she and the other States
exercise their sovereign powers. I see the power
of these States; I see not the power of the Fed-
eral Government; and as 1 said to my friend from
Mississippi, walking along the other day—the
thing flashed on me in an instant—it reminds me
of a lens, vulgarly called a burning-glass; you
hold it between the sun and the object and see its
power, but you have no particular admiration for
the glass; it merely concentrates the rays. It is
the great luminary of heaven, the bright eye of
the universe that you have your admiration for;
you see what its power is when concentrated; and
thus when I see the powers of this Government
here, in Washington, I have no jealousy of it, but
am proud of it; I have no terror of it, for I feel
that this Government is but the lens through
which the powers of the different States are con-
centrated and brought to a focus.
I am no disuniomst. I wish to God these thirty-
three States might exist for all time; and if we
could teach the Black Republicans a constitutional
idea; if we could get them to read orunderstand or
comprehend the history of the country; if we could
make them understand anything, there would be
no difficulty in administering the Government so
as to make it a blessing to everybody; but the ox
knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib;
but that people do not understand, and New Eng-
land will not consider. There is the great diffi-
culty. They insist upon considering us as one
people, and this as one political community, and
this Government as a consolidated democracy. In
the first place, it is not a democracy; itis a repub-
lican form of government. In the next place, it
is not consolidated; and if it were, we could not
live together for a day. In New England, where
they really are dependent upon some other peo-
ple, and they live merely upon charity, and must
always live so, mere pensioners, this Government
has thwarted the will of Providence; and as long
as the Government can be kept together, the will
of Providence will be outraged; but cut you off,
and you starve. A sea-gull cannot live in New
England. It is utterly impossible. It is said they
can live everywhere; but it is a fact that can be
demonstrated that they cannot live in New Eng-
land. If one could be found-there, I have no doubt
Barnum would have it in his museum, arid he
would have the skin stuffed. The New England
men know as well as I do that they could not live
out of this Union. They cannot live without our
States; yet they are not content to live with us,
but they must be interfering impertinently with
everybody else's concerns. It is the character of
the people. They left England in quest of lib-
erty. They went overamong tlje Dutch, and the
Dutch let them alone; but the Dutch would not
allow them to interfere with anybody else, and
consequently they came over into New England.
Now, you dare not deny that your ancestors
went among the Dutch, and the Dutch let them
alone; but the Dutch would n«t allow them to per-
secute anybody else, and to persecute was the
only happiness they knew. They came to New
England, and there they ran poor old Roger Wil-
liams and all the Baptists out into the Seekong
river, and he and somebody else baptized each
other; and you persecuted the rest of the preach-
ers, and from that time you have been propagan-
dizing and persecuting. You think your form of
government is the best; we think ours is. Do we
publish pamphlets about you ? Do we go up into
New England to make speeches to your strik-
ers? Do we attempt to interfere with yoilr insti-
tutions ? Ours are infinitely better than yours,
and can be so explained. You call us the slave
States; you call yourselves the free States. We
could with propriety call your States the free ne-
fro States, and ours the free white States. Where
live every white man is the peer of every other
white man. I should like to see one of the gen-
tlemen sitting over on that side try to get a white
man in Texas to black his boots, or curry his
horse. He might get curried himself. [Laugh-
ter.] But where you live I can hire a white m&n
to do anything. He wears my livery. If I am
entitled to a coat-of-arms, I have nothing to do
except to put it on a button, and he wears it; and
you call that freedom! No, sir. Weliveinthe
free white States, where every white man, thank
God ! feels that he is the peer of any other white
man. Where you live, every free negro*feels
that he is the equal of every white man; and the
white man, who has not money, feels that he is
not the equal of the man who has it. That is the
difference. It is so, and you dare not deny it;
you cannot deny it.
But, " to return to our mutton." I started off
on the homestead bill, and it has got to be four
o'clock. My friend from Tennessee wants to
give 4iomes to the homeless. Again I want to
know, why we can do it and how—for what pur-
pose? The Senator from New Hampshire en-
tered into a defense of it. I saw sometime ago
a review defending Nero, and attempting to prove
that he was a very good man. Possibly he was;
but I heard the Senator defend the agrarians of
Rome for the first time—I will not say it was
the first time; for sometime ago I took up Nie-
buhr's Rome, a book of high authority, and saw
that he attempted to defend the agrarians, but*it
passed from my mind. I remember liaring seen
something about agrarianism; and I heard ths
Senator from New Hampshire to-day say the
agrarians were the friends of the people. Well,
I sent to the Library for an authority. I do not
know that I have the strongest passage upon the
subject, but still I have one from Cicero. I take
it that the fathers are good authority on certain
subjects, though I am not over fond of the fathers.
I have not very great respect for the fathers; but
I take it, when a man has lived at the time when
a thing is going on, and he uses an argument for
or against that measure, his argument may be con-
sidered a pretty good evidence of what the meas-
ure was. Cicero, in his Offices, book two, chapter
two, uses this language about the agrarians. He
says:
" Those men who wish to make themselves popular"—
Of course the Senator from New Hampshire is
not one of those—oh! no; nor my friend from
Tennessee either.
" Those men who wish to make themselves popular, and
who, for that purpose, either attempt agrarian laws, in
order to drive people from their possessions, or who main-
tain that creditors ou ht to forgive debtors what they owe,
undermine the foundations of the State; they destioy all
concord, which cannot exist when money is taken from
one man to be given to another; and they set aside justice,
which is always violated when every man is not suffered
to retain what is ins own."
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator let me answer
him in a word right there?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator give way to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire ?
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to say right here
that I knew that that is the libel that has been
written upon that very class of men from the time
of Cicero down; but that latterly the investigation
of modern history has shown thatCicero and that
class were hbelers, and that the agrarians were
patriots, and if the Senator will readNiebuhr and
the modern writers on Roman history, he will so
find it.
