1304:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
teach, to preach, and practice pure Democracy;
that is, the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions, as
construed by tne Virginia report. We ought to
begin and repudiate and trample on this national
idea. Nationalism was taken by thenape of the
jieck and kicked out of the convention that drafted
the Constitution. Mr. Ellsworth, from Connec-
ticut,! believe, moved that the word " national"
should be " expuwged." That was the word—
"expunged." They did not intend to adopt a
national government. These States, confederated
together for the purposes 1 have said, are living
together; we are representing them, and these
States act through us. Qui facit per aliwn facit
per se. The States are doing through us, and
therefore are doing by themselves. There is no
doubt about that. They are acting here together.
■I want to know why we want «ny additional
territory. What for? There is Rothschild. He
has an immense capital that he is operating, and
he has his brothers in partnership with him.
Why would he admit new partners ? If they could
bring capital in, and he wanted more papital,
doubtless he would take'them in. But suppose
he were to say to a person who came and offered
a partnership, " I have just as much capital as I
need now; I am now Jew to the kings, and have
just as much money as I need for that; whenever
I want to be King of the-Jews I may want a little
more; but I rather think I would prefer to be Jew
to the kings than king to the Jews." Now, you
see, if Rothschild were to admit any man into his
firm who had as much money as he had, he would
be doing an act of supererogation; there would
be no necessity for it. If he let in anybody else
who had lost his means by his own improvidence,
he would be damaging the credit of his own con-
cern, and ought not to do it as a prudent rtan.
I say that these States are the parties to the com-
pact; that there is no such people as the people of
the United States; that there is but one single idea
that we can act upon, and that is, that there are
thirty-three sovereign, separate, and independent
political communities; that, having confederated
for certain purposes, having an agency for certain
purposes, and that agency having the entire power
to protect them against foreign aggression, and
each one of them having the right to pass such laws
as it deems necessary and proper for the protection
ofitsown citizens,thequestionarises: do we want
other States annexed to us or admitted into the
Union ? If not, why should we acquire additional
territory ? There is the question that it seems to
me the Democrats have dodged entirely, or have
forgotten. Why do we want additional territory,
and what do we want it for?
The Senator from Tennessee says we "want it
because we are bound to make new States, and
admit tliem in, or something of that sort, and that
these public lands are owned by the Federal Gov-
ernment, not because of their value, but for the
purpose of making new States of them. I deny
it in toto. I doubt very much, as Mr. Jefferson
said, whether this Federal Government ever lmd
the right to acquire one foot of territory. If it
had the right to acquire a foot of territory it could
acquire it only as property. If we went to war,
we could take what we could find, if it was money,
if it was territory, if it was any othersortof prop-
erty, and hold it by the title of the sword, and
after the war was over and we wrested from any
foreign Government the territory which it had
held, we coijld distribute itand sell it out; but this
Federal Government certainly never was formed
with a view of colonizing other countries. This
combination and compact between the States was
certainly never formed with a view of colonizing
and extending the area of freedom, and all that
sort of thing. It is an after-thought; it is Red
Republicanism; it is Federalism; it is nationalism;
it is an ignoring of history; it is pursuing such a
course of argument as is going to lead to no good,
but is going to produce a result that those who
advocate it do not dream of.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
make a motion to adjourn? It is very late, and
the Senator can finish to-morrow.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will continue now, with
the consent of the Senate, and that is merely for
the purpose of winding up. I have stated, I be-
lieve, all that I have to say on the subject. I be-
lieve that from the form of Government we are
living under, this Federal Government holds the
territory as property; it has no pewer 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. A single ques-
tion to the Senator from Texas. If he desires to
go on, I will not interrupt him. I simply want to
ask him a question. I understand he assumes that
this Government has no power to acquire addi-
tional territory outside of the territory settled in
1787, and says that that was Mr. Jefferson's opin-
ion. He then goes on to argue what is the Dem-
ocratic doctrine; what is the Democratic idea upon
that point. I merely wish to ask the question of
the Senator, if it has not been the policy of the
Federal party, from the origin of this Government
to the present time, t%oppose the acquisition of
territory?
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes, sir. It has been a very
sensible thing they did, and one of the few sensi-
ble things they ever did. Mr. Jefferson himself,
the father of Republicanism or Democracy, from
whose brain strict construction of the Constitution
sprang, like Minerva, armed and equipped to de-
fend the Constitution of the country—Jefferson
denied, or at least doubted, the power of the Fed-
eral Government to acquire territory; but if we
had the right to acquire it under the war-making
or treaty-making power, I say that when we ac-
quired it, we acquired it as property; and he has
read the history of this country to very little pur-
pose who supposes that the Federal Government
was ever instituted for the purpose of establish-
ing " God and liberty" all over the world. This
Government was established for the purpose of
securing liberty to ourselves and to our posterity,
and it was vested with certain powers which are
to be exercised in the name and for the benefit
and the use of the States; and if this Government
has a right to acquire territory, as it beyond doubt
has a right to acquire money by taxation, that
money or that territory is property; the legal title
vested in the Government, but the States being
the cestui que trusts, and they having the equitable
title; and this Government cannot distribute or
disburse either the money or the territory (that is
the land) except for federal purposes. I deny
most emphatically that this Government is an
eleemosynary establishment. I deny that it has a
right to distribute land or money amongst the indi-
viduals of the United States. I deny that there
is any such people as the people of the United
States. I believe that there are thirty-three dif-
ferent sovereign independent nations confederated
together, who have established a Federal Govern-
ment, of which we arc a part.
I will now conclude, having spoken much longer
than I had intended to do, and without any prep-
aration whatever.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. I intend to speak on this subject.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to move the postpone-
ment of the subject. 1 was one of the committee
that reported the bill, and I want to speak on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri has the floor.
Mr. GREEN. As I have the floor, I wish to
say that I desire to speak, and I intend to keep
the floor. I intend to oppose this proposition,
and I desire to reply to the Senator from Ten-
neSgee_
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, rose.
Mr. GREEN. There is another Sgnator be-
sides you. I hope you will not consider yourself
the only Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Notatall. I
am the Senator who reported the proposition,
and the only Senator from Tennessee present.
Mr. GREEN. I would like to postpone the
suoject to a future period. I have no particular
desire as to the time. [" Monday."] I will say
Monday.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Atoneo'clock.
Mr. WADE. And make it the special order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I presume there will be
no objection that the Senate bill and House bill
come up together as one order for Monday next.
["No objection."]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think we had better take
things in the order in which they stand. The
House bill is not before us. It is on the Calendar
or on the table. I think we had better go on with
this bill and perfect it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the further consideration of this
bill be postponed until Monday, at one o'clock,
and made the special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 22, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS BILLS.
Mr. WINSLOW obtained the floor.
Mr. NOELL. I do not wish to interpose any
objection to the resolution which the gentleman
from North Carolina desires to introduce, but I
desire to give notice that 1 have a privileged mo-
tion which I desire to be heard upon when the
gentleman from North Carolina yields the floor.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. WINSLOW. It will be recollected that,
under the amendment of the rules adopted by the
House a few days since, all bills reported from
the Court of Claims are ordered to be placed upon
the Private Calendar; but there are a number of
bills heretofore referred to the Committee of
Claims, for which the committee on rules made
no provision, nor could they have made any. I
ask leave to introduce a resolution to meet that
case.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of all bills reported from the
Court of Claims, and the same be referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and placed upon the Private Cal-
endar, in accordance with the rule recently adopted by the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that resolution.
Let the Committee of Claims act upon those bills,
and bring them before the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. Pass the resolution, and
they will be acted upon quicker. The resolution
is only designed to carry out the intention of the
House and of the-special committee on the rules.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business.
LIOIIT-HOUSE AT OSWEGO.
Mr. LEE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution providingfor expending the bal-
ance of appropriation for repairing the light-house
at Oswego and building connected therewith;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-IIOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to have the Com-
mittee on Commerce discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of merchants and
other citizens of New Orleans, relative to the new
custom-house, and that the same be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
RESOLUTIONS OF CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. BURCH. I ask leave to present to the
House several resolutions passed by the Legisla-
ture of California
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to present these reso-
lutions simply for the purpose of reference.
Mr. GROW. I must insist on the regular order
of business.
EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BONHAM. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to what
I conceive to be a privileged question. The com-
mittee raised on the resolution of the gentleman
from Now York, [J^Ir. Hoard,] was appointed
yesterday, as I learned last evening. It consists
of Mr. Hoard, Mr. Case, Mr. Burnham, Mr.
Dimmick, and myself. I wish to ask the Houso
to excuse me from serving on the committee.
The question was taken; and Mr.Bonham was
excused.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
Mr. NOELL I rise to a privileged question.
I call up a motion made by myself the other day
to reconsider the order of the House referring to
the Committee on Territories a bill to amend an
act establishing a territorial government for Utah.
I presume that that is a question of privilege.
