2248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
other. I would not have accepted that place, ex-
cept that 1 foresaw to some extent precisely what
has since occurred. I believed that certain gen-
tlemen who were the minority of the Democratic
party, but had the control of the power and pat-
ronage of the Administration, and probably ama-
jority of the members of Congress, would take
advantage of the fact that that convention was
called at Charleston to press on the northern
Democrats and to press them to the wall, and com-
pel them to eat their words and humiliate them-
selves in the dust. Therefore, sir, having been
a Democrat ever since I had avote to give; having
done, I think, my share of work and scrvicefor
my time of life in the party, I felt that it behooved
me as a point of honor to resist an attempt of that
kind; and whilst I and thousands and tens of
4 thousands of others not only respect and admire
the genius and the courage and the preeminent
abilities of the Senator from Illinois, we believe
him well calculated to rescue this Government
from the imbecility into which it has at last fallen,
and to give us a vigorous and proper Administra-
tion according to Democratic principles; whilst
all that attaches us to him, the very fact that he
has been made the impersonation of northern
honor, raises him this hour above every other
man in the Union. His enemies have made him
greater than his friends ever could. This is the
case to-day, and gentlemen might as well under-
stand it. You may beat us at Baltimore, but, bear
us according to the rules of the Democracy, and
we submit; but, gentlemen, if you will kill him,
when we go back to the Northwest, we will take
his bleeding carcass and show it to the young
men coming up to cast their first vot<*, and say,
" This is the author of the Kansas-Nebraska bill;
and here is southern gratitude."
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, when I gave
way to the Senator from Ohio, I supposed that
there were a few words of explanation which
were personal to the Senator from Ohio, and 1
therefore gave way. I do not ask Senators to 
Mr. CLLNGMAN. I will move an adjourn-
ment. Go on/']
Mr. WIGFALL. There is a word or two I
should hke to say before we adjourn.
M r. PUGII. 1 lu pe the Senator will give way
to a motion to adjourn. It is hardly fair to re-
quire him to commence now.
Mr. "WIGFALL. it is no embarrassment to
me to speak. Unlike some others, 1 do not speak
to the galleries. 1 do not mean my friend from
Ohio. I say that distinctly. What I have to
say is to nut myself right, and to put the party
to which 1 belong nc;h?. The {Senator from Ohio
seems to have fallen into some views which really
astonish me. 1 conic fiom a State where there
are many who knew him in former tinier; and I
have heaid them speak of him. 1 have heard
them speak ot the distinguished Senator from Il-
linois. J have heard them speak of the two Sen-
ators from Indiana as good soldiers and true; no
sunshine soldiers; no summer soldiers; but men
who have borne the brunt and burden of the day.
I supposed that wium I came here, I should find
him a Democrat.
It has never been to us a matter of any conse-
quence who should administer the Government;
but the Senator from Ohio seems to predicate his
fealt y to the party upon that question. The ques-
tion with us has been, how shall the Government
be administered ' and when that ceases to be the
question, then I cease t« feel any interest m the
question, by uliom is the Government to be ad-
ministered5 The Democratic party has been sup-
posed to be one of puneiple. h has been supposed
to be a party that was in fuor of administering
this Government in a p.-irtic ilar manner, because
they believed that, according to the Constitution,
this Government was vested only with certain
powers, and could, therefoie, onlv exercise certain
powers. With these views, the Democratic party
through the different States of tins Union—of
which States this Government is a mere depart-
ment or agent—mcf, and m kind consideration of
the faithiulness with which our friends of the
northern States had stood by us, we were not too
particular to inquire mto the fairness of the rep-
resentation m that convention.
Mr. PUGH. It was always the same repre-
sentation, when you did not have the majority,
and we did.
Mr. WIGFALL. So be it. When, I ask, did
the North ever have a majority in the Democratic
party ?
Mr. PUGH. Franklin Pierce would have been
elected President of the United States by northern
votes, if the whole South had voted against him.
Mr. WIGFALL. But the whole South voted
for him, except only Kentucky and Tennessee.
Mr. PUGH. I say he got enough of the elec-
toral vote of the North—though Massachusetts
and Vermont did not vote for him—to make him
President, if the South had not voted for him at
all. If we had acted on that rule, we should have
shut some of those States, that now call them-
selves Democratic, clear out of the Democratic
convention.
Air. WJGFALL. It never interferes with me
to be interrupted, and I ask the Senator how, and
m what way, were they to be shut out of the
Democratic party?
Mr. PUGH. Why, sir, your idea is, that the
States that did not vote for Mr. Buchanan have
no right to be represented. In 1848 we voted for
General Cass, the nominee of the party. When
the next convention came around, we could have
shut Pennsylvania and Georgia and Louisiana out;
but instead of that, we allowed them to come in
and vote, though they were Opposition States.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 did not say we would
have shut out those States; but that we were per-
fectly willing that every State in thisUnion should
be represented m the convention, according to the
number of Representatives the State was entitled
to in the other House of Congress, adding on the
two Senators. I said we might have objected to
it, but did not.
Mr. PUGH. You would not have had any
foundation for any objection to it, for we should
have beat you on the usual terms of the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. WIGFALL. What I was going to say
was, that we met, supposing that we belonged to
a party, which party wasactingupon a certain set
of principles; and if they are not acting upon those,
then there is no party. Now, what were the opin-
ions, and what are the principles of that party;
and how are they to be maintained? The Senator
from Ohio complaints that we have attempted to
ingraft something new. I deny it. 1 say that,
so far as i am concerned, and so far as those I
represent and as those who live in my section in
other Slates are concerned, there is nothing in our
opinion new that we propose.
Mr. PUGII. Then why does the Senator pro-
pose it, iflt is not new ? If you have it already,
why propose it?
Mi. WIG PALL. I will tell you. After we had
nominated the present incumbent at Cincinnati
some four years acre, there sprang up a schism m
the parly. Air. Buchanan, m his inaugural ad-
dress, announced precisely the doctrines which
we now stand by. In lus letter accepting the
nomination he announced,as we understood it,and
as we said, piecisely the doctrines we now insist
upon, i am not coming to the last message; but
I say that in his letter of acceptance we under-
stood hmi to announce the doctrines that we now
advocate and insist upon; and that m his inaugu-
ral address he announced them so that the way-
faring man, though a foul, could not misunder-
stand.
Air. PUGIF. I should hke the Senator to read
th.it paragraph.
Air. WIGFALL. I will in the morning.
Air. PUGH. I understood, and I had some
occasion to pay attention to it at that time—why
I shall not say—that Air. Buchanan expressed it
as Ins opinion that they could only act upon the
subject in forming a State constitution; but he ac-
knowledged that it was an open question, and to
be decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. WIGFALL. And I say the Supreme
Court has decided.
Air. PUGH. That is the whole point of the
controversy. The Senator then substitutes a
question of fact for a question of principle. lie
has undertaken to divide the Democratic party
because we are not all able to understand a par-
ticular decision alike, well knowing that a dozen
lawyers sitting down to constiue a decision might
very well come to different conclusions. I thank
the Senator lor the admission.
Air. WIGFALL. It is very difficult, indeed,
for anything to be written in any language that
is not susceptible of misconstruction. It is a sin-
gular fact that the Being who created us, and
whose wisdom equals His omnipotence, made two
revelations for our special benefit, yet failed to
make either revelation under which there has not
been some misunderstanding, and some question
of construction. There are Jew and Gentile; there
are Protestant and Papist; and amongst Protest-
ants Heaven only knows how man y different sects;
and if we cannot understand the word of God, is
the decision ofthecourt—which John Randolph of
Roanoke, I behove, in the Senate Chamber of the
United States once spoke of " as the court be-
low"—to be supposed not to be susceptible of
misconstruction ? The wish is often father to the
thought.
Now, if there was anything that was more
thoroughly understood in 18.>6 than another, as
1 understood it, it was this: that whilst the Dem-
ocratic party denied in ioto, ab ovo usque ad malum,
from the egg to the apple, that the Supreme Court
was the expounder, the judge in the last resort, of
political questions; yet, for peace and harmony,
and in order to quiet Judge Douglas and his friends
—I will try and not apply any terms that arc not en-
tirely acceptable—I say in order to quiet them and
for peace and harmony, wc did agree, in 185G, to
leave this question to the Supreme Court, and to be
governed by the decision. Well,lotany plain man
who is to vote in the next contest take the Dred
Scott decision and read it. What did the court
themselves understand themselves to have de-
cided ? The Attorney General so understands it.
The executive department so understands it. In
the Senate, every Senator having a seat on this
side of the Chamber so understands it, and I ap-
prehend that every Senator on the other side, wilh
scarcely an exception, understands the Supreme
Court to have decided, if they decided anything,
that neither Congress nor the Territorial Legis-
lature have the right to exclude slavery from the
Territories of the United States. That is the gen-
eral opinion of the entire American people. There
are two dissentients oniy—one from Illinois, and
the other from Ohio—so far as I know, on this
side of the Chamber.
Air. PUGH. The Senator is shifting his issue.
I agreed to leave it to the Supreme Court, and
never to the Attorney General, or the executive
department, nor to my brother Democrats, nor
to Republicans; and as for there being only two
dissentients, I beg leave to tell him that after the
appeal has been made to the supreme court of the
Democratic party at Charleston, we are the ma-
jority—not aissentcrs. The great majority of the
Democratic party understood it as I do.
Air. WIGFALL. I shall come to that pres-
ently. I assert, as a fact, that the entire Ameri-
can people—both Republican and Democratic—
understand the Supreme Court to have decided
that neither Congress nor a Territorial Legisla-
ture, nor the inhabitants of a Territory, have the
right to exclude slavery: but there are u eleven
stubborn jurors," and the Senator from Illinois
and the Senator from Ohio complain 
Air. PUGH. I do not complain of anything.
Air. WIGFALL. Then I do not understand
you. You do not complain !
Air. PUGII. No, sir; I did not even say a
word about the introduction of these resolutions.
I said yesterday all I intended to have said about
them; and I was simply compelled, by the course
of debate taken by the Senator from Louisiana,
to refer to several,matters with which I thought
1 was personally concerned. You may pass them
as much as you please, and when you pass them,
they are your resolutions and your opinions; they
are not mine, and they never will be. Therefore,
it makes no difference to me whether you pass
them or not.
Air. WIGFALL. We shall pass them, I ap-
prehend, with or without the consent of the Sen-
ator. But the Senator from Illinois, a day or two
ago, informed us, ex cathedra, I rather think, that
neither we nor the convention should pass any
such resolutions. I recollect he said that he would
not sanction—that was the word used—any such
interpolation upon the creed, he of course being
the judge as to whether it was an interpolation or
not. I remember that, in former days, before De-
mon aey had revived, during her long sleep, when
she had slumbered after the days of the Roman
and Greek Republics, during that interi&gnum,
there was such a proceeding as a pragmatic sane-
