3102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 500)
roaking appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th of June, 1861, disagreed to by
the Senate, and upon its disagreements to the
amendments of the Senate to the said bill,insisted
on by the Senate; agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon; and appointed Mr. Freeman H.
Morse of Maine, Mr. Warren Winslow of
North Carolina, and Mr. Charles P. Adams of
Massachusetts, managers at the same on the part
of the House.
MAIL ROUTE PREEMPTIONS.
The message further announced thatthe House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H.R.No.44)confirming certainland
entries under the third section of the act of 3d
March, 1855, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1856."
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The message further announced thatthe House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 104) for the
final adjustmentof private land claims in the States
of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri,
and for other purposes, with an amendment; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senate to pass upon the
amendments to our bill No. 104. I will state that
tiie amendments are unimportant. One of them
substitutes "or" for "and"—not making any
material change in the sense—and the other amend-
ment allows a claim, filed within the limit fixed
by the Senate biil, to be prosecuted to final action.
That is all.
There being no objection, the amendments of
the House were read. They were in lino thirteen,
of page 1, to strike oat u or " and insert44 and;"
and to add to the bill:
And all claims presented, or sued upon, according to the
provisions of this act, within the said term of five years,
may be prosecuted to final determination and decision,
notwithstanding tbo said term of Jive years may have ex-
pired before such final determination and decision.
The amendments were concurred in.
MAIL ROUTE PREEMPTIONS.
Mr. BRAGG, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. II. No. 44) confirming certain land
entries, under the third section of the act of 3d
March, 1855,entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1856*, "made
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. U. No. 44) confirming
ccrtain land entries under the third scction of the act of
3d March, 1855. entitled44 An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department daring the fiscal
year ending30th June, 1856," report: that, having met, af-
ter fuli and free conference they have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to the respective Houses, as follows:
To amend the said bill by iubcrting in lino four, on page
2, after the word "entries," " upon payment of $1 25 per
acre, for the land embraced in each patent."
And the committee also agree to the amendment of the
House with the above amendment, and recommend the
concurrence of the Senate in the House amendment, and
that the bill, with the amendment recommended by the com-
mittee, be passed.
W. It. W. COBB,
JOHN G. DAVIS,
CAREY A. TIUMBLT3,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
THOMAS BRAGG,
JAM KS HAUL AN,
JOSEPH LANB,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BRAGG. The bill has been returned from
the House of Representatives, the report of the
committee having been concurred in there. I
move that the Senate concur in the report.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. DUJUCEE moved to print the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating in part
the information called for by a resolution of the
Senate of the 28th ultimo, in relation to the con-
tract for the construction of the Patent Office
building, and it was
Ordered, That the motion be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
On motion of Mr. IilCE, that the usual num-
ber of the bill (S. No. 416) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain, and for
other purposes, as it passed both Houses of Con-
gress, be printed for the use of the Senate, it was
Ordered, That the motion be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee an*Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
usual number of the bill (S. No. 416) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main, and for other purposes, reported in favor
of the motion; and the report was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 46) supplementary to the joint resolution in
relation to the public printing, approved ,
1860; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the Senate will hardly
be willing to consider the joint resolution now. I
will barely state, therefore, in order that I may
call it up at some other time, that instead of al-
lowing the Superintendent of Public Printing to
have the sole control of the purchase or erection
of buildings, machinery, &c., the proposition is
to put it under the control of the Secretary of the
Interior; and the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing then will have control of its management
afterwards. It is dividing responsibility; throw-
ing cheeks around it.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps the Senator will have
no objection to its reference to the Committee on
Printing. I should like to look into it.
Mr. DAVIS. None. j
The joint lesolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. W
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 503) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
yearending the 30th June, 1860, is before the Sen-
ate, the question pending being upon the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Yulee} to the amendment of the House of Rop-
resenutives. Upon this question the yeas and
nays were ordered, and they were being taken
when the Vote last night disclosed the want of a
quorum.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives is to add to the Senate amendment, directing
proposals to be issued for carrying the mail in
steamers from Chaileston to Key West:
Provided, The said service shall be performed in the same
time as was pi escribed in the schedule tunc in the contract
lor the vervice of the steamer Isabel, and the Postmaster
General is hereby autlionzed and directed to pay tor the
actual service petfoimed by the said steamer Isabel, fiom
Charleston to Havana, previous to the passage of this act,
at the same rate of compensation as was provided m the
contract for that service: And "provided further, Thatthe
Postmaster General Is hereby diieeted to lestore the inland
service on all the routes undereontraet on the 4th ot March,
1850, unless the same have expired by their own limitation,
or where impioved service over said loutes has been fur-
nished by railroads or otherwise ; and where the service
has been actually performed by the contractor upon cur-
tailed routes, notwithstanding such curtailment, the Post-
master Geneuil shall pay the contractors as if no change
had been ordered : but the Postmaster General shall not be
required to restore the service on any of said routes beyond
one daily mail each way, nor to interfere with any Changes
of service that may have been made without reduction of
price; nor to restore service on route No. 10ol5, fiom Ne-
osho, Missouri; to Albuquerque, New Mexico; nor to re-
store serviee on loute No. 15030, from Kansas City, Mis-
souri, via Santa F6, New Mexico, to Stockton, California ;
nor on any pait of the route No. 8076, west of El Paso:
Provided further; That nothing herein contained shall de-
bar the Postmaster General from discontinuing or curtail-
ing any of the routes hereby restored; nor shall the eon-
tractor or contractors upon said restored routes be paid any
extra allowance whatever, in consequence of any nevvcur-
taihnentordiscontinutmce • Jlnd provided further, That no
service hereby restored shall be put in operation unless by
the assent of the contractor or contractors therefor: J2nd
provided further, That the appropriation herein made .shall
be t o construed as to embrace those made by the joint res-
olution '■ for the relict of the contractors of the Pos-t Otfice
Department," approved 28th March, 1860: Jlnd provided
further, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
so as to renew the mail service on the Cumberland river,
abov'e Clarksville, in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. Yulee's amendment is to strikeout all
after the word " provided," where it first occurs
in the House amendment, and to insert:
That the said service shall be performed in seven days
for the round trip; and the Postmaster General is directed
to investigate the claim of the owner of thy steamer (sabel
for set vices alleged to have been rendered by «.aid steamer
and the steamer Catawba ui the trampoitauoii of the Uni-
ted States mails between Charleston and Savannah and
Havana, sinee the 30th day of September, 3859; and if,
from any testimony, it shall appear to him that said ser-
vice, as stipulated for m the contract therefor, which ex-
pired on the said 30tli of September. 1859, was thereafter
actually performed, then the Postmaster General shall al-
low compensation up to the date of this act for such ser-
vice, for the time it was pei formed, at the same rate that
was allowed under said contract. And the Postmaster
General is hereby directed to reexamine the causes for dis-
continuance or curtailment of the postal service on inland
routes since the 4th day of March, 1859, and to restore all
such parts of the said service as can be restored, with due
regard to the public interest and the circumstances of each
case, whether such discontinuance or curtailment was upon
contracts yet in force,or has taken .effect upon the making
of new contracts; and wherever service has been actually
performed by the contractor upon any curtailed route, not-
withstanding the orderof curtailment, the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall pay for the same as if no such order had been
made, deducting from such payment any allowance re-
ceived by the contractor on account of the curtailment of
service under his contract: Provided, however, That the
Postmaster Geneial shall be satisfied, from the testimony
before him, that the service for which compensation is
above provided was performed in good faith and in advance-
ment of the public interests: Jlnd provided further, That
no compensation shall be made for any such .service per-
formed atter the 1st day of August next. And, to enable
the Postmaster General to carry this provision into effect,
the sum of §300,000, or so much thereof a^ may be neces-
sary for the purpose, is hereby appropriated: Provided,
however, That the restoration or increase of service hereby
contemplated, shall he with the assent of the contractor in
each case, or in pursuance of the terms of his contract:
Jliid provided furthermore, also, That this appropriation
shall be construed to embrace the appropriations made by
the joint resolution "for the relief of contractors of the
Post Office Department,approved March 28, 1860.
Mr. YULEE. I prepared that amendment as
a substitute for the amendment sent from the
House of Representatives. It was intended as a
concession; it was a sort of olive branch held out
to the gentlemen of the other side who were sus-
taining the proposition of the House, and separa-
ting from those of us in the Senate who hold the
opinion that any legislations all on the subject
was improper. I find, upon looking at the vote
which was taken last night, that it did not receive
the countenance or support of any one gentleman
who had been in antagonism before. Finding,
therefore, that nothing is gained by the conces-
sion I proposed, I have concluded that it would
be as well to withdraw it, and leave the issue to
depend upon the proposition as it came from the
House. I, therefore, ask permission to withdraw
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
may be withdrawn by unanimous consent, but
not otherwise, the yeas and nays having been
ordered upon it.
Mr. POLK. I do not like to object, but I do
not wish to consent to that. I can vote for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Florida,
but if that is withdrawn, I cannot vote for the
House amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is objection made
to allowing the Senator from Florida to withdraw
his amendment?
Mr. POLK. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the amendment cannot be withdrawn. The
question is upon the amendment of the Senator
from Florida to the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 26*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Brown, Davis,
FitzpatrickjGwin, Hammond, Hunter, Johm-on of Tennes-
see. Kennedy, Lane, Pearce, Polk, Powell, and Sebastian
—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Coilamer, Crittenden, Doolittle, Fesse-uden, Foot, Foster,
Ilailan, Hemphill, King, Latham, Mason, Itice, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten F.yck, Thomson, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. YULEE. I now move that the Senate
disagree to the amendmentproposed by the House
of Representatives; and in order to show that we
are disposed to accommodate, if possible, I move
that we ask for another conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senate will
agree to the amendment of the House, and finish
this bill. The present amendment is a modifica-
tion of the position first assumed by the House,
and it seems to me that no great harm will arise
from agreeing to their amendment as it stands.
The motion of the Senator from Florida, I believe,
is, that we non-concur. 1 do not know exactly
in what order the motions would be put, but if it
is in order, I would move first that we agree.
