284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 29,
nized author of the squatter-sovereignty dogma,
to the chief place in the present Democratic Ad-
ministration, provoked no complaint or remon-
strance from the Democracy of the South. I am
for adhering to this judicious policy—this " sal-
utary neglect." I persist in my own opinion; I
will battle forits recognition by the Government;
but I will not be so much the bigot as to sacrifice
my friends, my party, and my country, to the idol
of my peculiar speculations. In the story of the
lastsiege and capitulation of Constantinople, there
are many mortifying illustrations of human de-
pravity; but no circumstance of that frightful
episode so shocks the sensibilities and abases our
pride as the pertinacious altercations of the degen-
erate Greeks, over frivolous issues, in the very
agony of the struggle, and while the barbarian
hosts were thundering at the gates of the city. It
was the infatuation of a race smitten with the ven-
geance of Heaven. But one national party inter-
poses between the, Capitol and the triumph of sec-
tional encroachment; and shall the Democracy,
in presence of the enemy, and with such mighty
issues in suspense, paralyze their strength by fiui-
ous contests over inferior and irrelevant issues ?
If they do, then will expire the last hope of the
Union.
No, sir: however I differ from the JDemoeracy
of the North on this? or that dogma, i have for them
no word of taunt or reprouch; but many words of
toleranceand fraternal friendship, rather. When i
recount their past exploits: when i recall the manv
signal instances of their wtloj and de vol ion; when
i .-lee them bravely bear up against trie pressiue
ofadverse influences, and emmge uns< ath^'d fiom
the fiery furnace of fanatical perseri.tmn. or fall
heroically, a Spartan band m the Thermopylae of
the Union, swept down by the assaults of rest-
less numbers; when I witness then* fidelity on
this floor, and in this struggle; when, in mv own
feeble endeavors to uphold the rights of the South
and the supremacy of the Constitution, I feel the
support of their generous arms, and am cheered by
the sound of their fiuternal void.-, when 1 lecall
.ind observe these things, and still lu ar the no-
mocracy of tlie North reproached by Repiesen:-
atives from the South, I am impelled to e.velann,
with the indignant Roman:
" He gone:
Kim to umr lioiw-; (all upon youi knee-;
Piny to tin* ;ro<N to intenijit the pl.i'i'i"
Tli:it uootN itnM lall on this ihgiauimt''."'
So, Mr. Clerk, the South is iiwputted, trium-
phantly acquitted, of the grievous th.u^t pu -
ferrcd by the member from Pennsylvania. She
ha-J not violated her engagements. She. has been
loyal to her word. She has redeemed (o the full
e\ory obligation she assumed by adhesion to the
Confederacy.
Hut. sir, bow stands the North in this respect'
ifxi\e tin' p.'nty in whose nanm the genth man
speaks, exhibited thai, scrupulous good faith im-
plied in his pretension to arraign other people1
I say they have nor. I lepeat hia> own wools,
with a retaliatory application, and charge tlx
dominant party in the JXorth with a persistent
violation of aSHaith, ''all compacts, compromises,
and covenants." This is no light accusation, ut-
tered from an impulse of spleneim humor. It is
a grave indictment, for the proof of which I have
the unimpeachable testimony of history. We
have already sen that it was the North which
violated the legislative compromisesof 182Q, 1{?32,
and 1S50. So, but in a still more conspicuous
manner, has the North repudiated and trampled
upon the sacred compromises of the Constitution.
Jtwas an implied compiomi^1 of t!io Consti-
tution that the South should be guarantied the
rights which she enjoyed at the time of joining
the Confederacy. Nevertheless we have seen the
North availing itself of its superior numbeis to
extort, from the South a surrender of the slave
dad" in the District of Columbia.
Ii was c*ii implied compact of the Constitution
that the people of the South should possess the
peac and privilege of fellow-citizenship with
their confederates m the Union; nevertheless, they
fire harassed !>y every species of obloquy and per-
s'-eution from those who had engaged to accord
th *m rverv sympathy and succor.
It was an implied compact of the Constitution
—the compact indeed which is the vital principle
of the Constitu!i<>n—that the States of the South
should enjoy equ.nl light.-, end an equal dignity in
the Confederacy; nevertheless, the majority party
in the North and on this floor proclaim their pur-
pose to deny the South any participation in the
common domain, and to degrade it to the condi-
tion of a provincial dependency.
It is an express, solemn stipulation of the con-
stitutional compact, that fugitive slaves should bo
returned to their masters. How does the North
redeem this obligation ? For answer, I need only
advert to the persistent attempts of the anti-slavery
party to compel the repeal of the statute: to then-
open nullification of the law in eleven of the north-
ern States; to their violent resistance of its execu-
tion; to the patentand significant fact that, in con-
sequence of the nullity of the law for the rendition
of fugitives from labor, slavery is practically abol-
ished on tlie northern frontier of the southern
States. *
Above all, as avowed in the preamble to the
Constitution, the Confederacy was formed to "es-
tablish justice and insure domestic tranquillity;"
and yet we of the South are pillaged by compa-
triots, while fellow-citizens incite our slaves to
insurrection ! Thus it is, sir, that the North has
made manifest its reverence for compacts: thus it
is, sir, that the North has redeemed its pledges
under the Constitution. Hereafter, let no north-
ern Representative reproach the South with infi-
delity 10 engagements.
(n fact, (he entire history of this sectional strug-
gle exhibits the South m a uniform attitude of
defense; and exhibits the North pursuing an in-
wuiabJe policy of insult and encroachment. No
man will dare den}" this statement. Tlie mosr
;ich entui ons and unscrupulous Representative on
the other side, will not undertake to addu-w> a .sin-
gle instance wherein the South has impaired the
interests, or tiampled on the rights of the non-
slaveholding States. Indeed, the honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] admits
the fact, by the declaration that if freed from the
Confedeiucy the N orth would not again subscribe
the Constitution.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gi ntleni.m is mistaken
in ibis. 1 aaid that the present temper and feel-
ing which prevailed both at the North and the
South at this tune, would prevent a compact from
being entered into such as was entered into by our
fathers.
Mr. PRYOit. 1 thmk that is substantially
what I alleged, that tie1 North would not adopt
the Constitution to-day, if it were to be done out
again.
Mi. HICKMAN I said thai both sides would
l-(je< t if.
Mr. PllYOR. Certainly, both sides: but for
different reasons Tlie North, because it f-els
the compact of confederacy as a restraint on its
aggressi\e purposes; while the South occupies
a position of passive protest against atta< k. 'Sir,
I may tell the gentleman that if the tiling wcj e to
be done agun, (he South, too, would refuse to
accept the Constitution, not because of dissatis-
faction with its principles and provisions, but for
the reason that no faith is to be reposed in lnr
northern confederates. To this sad convict-on we
are driven by long years of enrhnance under an
increasing hmden ot obloquy and aggiessioa.
Mr. Clerk, in another particuiai tlie honorable
member from Pennsylvania "was conspicuously
frank and explicit m avowing the principles and
purposes of the dominant party in the North. I
allude to his proclamation of the kv  rropiossible
conflict." When we consider that the honors !e
member does not belong to the black Republican
party, that he recoils from the y,!ys ultra of
their sectional schemes; that he p-ofesses to be a
moderate man. conservatn e of the Comtitutmn
and the Union—1 siv, when we consider these
things, and yet hear him declare the uoetnno of
the '* irrepressible eon/la we mav lendilv un-
derstand to what ex'renvs of agitation and <'ii-
croechmcnt the avowed J,d* ocites of anti-siavry
propose to piwh tin ir policy. If th s is the
"tender meicy"of the uvmher fiom Pennsyl-
vania, howgieat must be the luuehy of {'>■> Re-
publican nominee for Speaker.
Air. Clerk, this theory of the " iuoprehbibie
conflict" is a \*"rv simple ] >ropes;! - on., ea^-'I v sus-
ceptible of analysis and mtelhiu'se exposition.
As propounded by its author. Ah. Seward, it
means that an original, mlmi-enf, and irreparable
antagonism exists between the i\v-> sections of
Up: Confedt-ia'-y: that n^vo d.> \ cry is repugnant
to the principles of civil liberty; that it is an ob-
struction to the success of republican government;
that the Union, like the womb of Rebecca, js torn
by two associate but irreconcilable elements—is
rent by the struggles of Ormuzd and Ahriman,
the beneficent spirit of good, and the malignant
spirit of evil; that this controversy is inevita-
ble and incurable, and must go on with increas-
; mg furv until one or the other principle be van-
j quislied and exterminated: From the vantage
! ground of this deduction, Air. Seward infers an
I imperative obligation on the people of the North
i to make war upon slavery—the evil spirit which
i saps the strength and mars the fair proportions
| of the Republic; to make the war and to prosecute
| the war until slavery be swept from the soil of
: the South. This is the evangel of the '' irrepress-
| ible conflict" as proclaimed by its great apostle.
; Mr. McKNIGHT. Do I understand the gen-
| tlcman to say that William H. Seward is the
, author and originator of the irrepressible conflict
; doctrine?
; Air. PRYOR. 1 will come to that directly.
; Sir, I am not unmindful of the apology for Sen-
ator Seward, ofiored some time ago by the elo-
quent member from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin.] It was
, obviously an atu mpt to prepare the popular mind
of the country, and of the South especially, for
' submission to the Presidency of William H.
; Sew aim: and. a.s such, demands a passing criti-
i cism. Sir, candor requires of me to say that the
< honorable member's apology was more ingenious
; than satisfactory. "What was it? Simply this:
j that whaJevei Air. Suwaup's present principles,
i they an' mere ••speculative opinions"—I quote
the words—which h" will 'not carry into the ad-
. nunixrration of the Government: that despite his
i uhrnism now, he will be a conservative President,
i If this apology be good for anything, it acquits
| Mr. Seivard of the charge of political heresy by
! convicting him of the basest personal villainy. It
i is equivalent to saying that Mr. Seward is play-
I ing a pait, of criminal hypocrisy; that he is in-
! flaming the anti-slavery agitation from no motive
! of philanthropy, but for a political purpose only;
that all the earnestness and intensity of purpose
; which he now affects, is merely the mask of an
| unscrupulous demagogue; that when he mounts
■ to the summit of his ambition, he will kick away
' the laddei which assisted his elevation: and, like
! llenry IV , of France, repudiate in power the
faith lie professed in opposition. Jf the friends
of Mr. Seward are content with this apology,
they make small account of personal integrity.
For good and sufiicieni reasons I cannot accept it
as sata-factoiy. or as giving assurance that the
South should noi resist the Presidency of \Vil-
>M:W *, RD
Th" ^iJicenty of Skwai'.d in his sectional prin-
ciples lias been pur to die tost of actual experi-
ment. When Governor of New York, and'so
sworn to suppoit the Federal Constitution, he
refused, on the demand of Virginia, to execute
the fugitive slave law But, if he had the disposi-
tion, he would want the power to administer the
Govermm Htm the spnit of the Constitution. I do
not ray in accordance with its forms; for history
proves, by many signal examples, fiom Augus-
tus Cres ir, who emo'oyed a servile senate to con-
solidate' his despot-sin. !o Baltimore, where the
ceremonms of popular election are perverted to the
suppjession of the liberties of the people—nil his-
tory proves how easily the forms of civil liberty
may be rec'incied with the substance of practical
oppression. This i do afhrm, that if William
It. Skwarp should be < h-eted to the Presidency,
he will be altog< thn- unable (o n sist the picssure
of fanatical influence impelling- him to war upon
tlie ngnts m d institutions of iho South. He will
discover that he haseujked a spirit which he enn-
not allay; that lie has roused a storm which he
cannot control; that has kindled a conflagra-
tion which he cannot extingu'sh*, that, like the
unhappy Fraukenst"in, his diabolical arts and in-
carnations he.ve called into being o monster who
mocks his authority and defies his power.
The member from Ohio deduced a phasing
augury of Seward's Presidency from the recol-
lection of Fillmorev administration; but, conced-
ing th'"  sincerity of Mr. FillmoivV recantation of
Abolitionism, 1 discern another and adequate ex-
planation of his consej va''ve course in office. Sir,
he was isnpotent for evil. If his purposes wore
so- tionah In. '-ouM not can y them mtoexecutjon.
