1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mb
He had no alternative but to act the patriot Pres-
ident, since he was under the supervision and
control of a Democratic Congress. The ease will
be altogether different with Seward. Ifhccomes
into office, he will come upon the crest of an in-
surgent popular fanaticism, which will brook no
resistance to its will or denial of its demands. In
vain did Xerxes attempt to fetter the billows of
the stormy Dardanelles; in vain did Canute forbid
the tide to encroach upon his royal presence. Just
as impotent would be the attempt of Seward to
still the rage of the anti-slavery fanaticism and to
chastise its fury into a decent subordination to
the restraints of the Constitution. If he essay
a retrograde step, he will realize the fale of Mira-
beau. If he fail even to keep pace with the move-
ment of his party, he will experience the doom
of Danton. He will be confronted with no oppo-
sition in this Capitol; but a Senate of janissaries
and a Praetorian band of Representatives will at
once dictate his policy and act the obedient instru-
ments of his will. Ho will redeem his threat to
"reorganize the judiciary;" and then no solitary
barrier will stand between him and absolute em-
pire.
This may all be true, exclaims the honorable
member from Pennsylvania, and yet the southern
Slates shall not take refuge m disunion from the
yoke of oppression.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish now, sir, once for
ail, to put myself right. I shall take the oppor-
tunity, at no distant day, to treat that matter with
some particularity; butl wish now merely to say,
that I do not maintain what I am told is the doc-
trine of William H. Seward, that one section of
this Union is to extinguish the other. 1 mean to
assert, sir, just exactly what I have heretofore
declared, that the North are resolute and fixed in
their purpose v.ol to allow a dissolution of this
Union ( do not care what the antagonism may
be betw eon the sections, the Union must and shall
be preserved.
Mr. PR.Y011. The gentleman tells us, that if
wo attempt it, we will be coerced into submis-
sion—a purpose for which eighteen million, as
against eight million people, is abundantly ade-
quate. I remember how the extravagance of this
boast surprised the conscious heroism of Black
Republican Representatives into on involuntary
outburst of self-applause ! Sir, I will not retoitbv
dcihviice: 1 will not retaliate the menace. It would
be undtgniih <1, itwould be indecent. Foranswer,
I have only to give the gentleman assurance that
the southern States do not now intend to abandon
the Union, what ever ultimate recourse events may
impose upon them. It is the last resource of op-
pressed and humiliated nationalities, like, the Israel-
ites of old, to gather up their household gods and
wander 111 quest of some new home and some hap-
pier destiny. The people of the South are of a dif-
ferent spirit, and of another puipose. They are
resohed, in the first instance, to vindicate their
rights in the I'nin.t, peaceably if possible, by force
if necessary. The Constitution and the Couied-
eraey are tile work" of then" fatheis" hands: and
theydonot mean to irtve up the inheritance, with
all its glorious traditions and inspiring memories.
They do not intend to lose the pratigc of legitimacy;
to throw away the power of the Kedeial Govern-
ment; to act as if they were not the regular and
orderly interest ill tin; Confederacy. On the con-
trary, they will vindicate the pi nit ipies of the Con-
stitution and the integrity of the Union against the
sectional and treasonable schemes of the anti-sla-
very party. They will scomge and expel the evil
spirits which infest tile holy temple; and m this
sacred service thee expect, the assistance of mil-
lions of true and valiant men in the Novih. The
proportion Will be icversed; and, instead ot Jus
eighteen million, the honorable mcmbei and his
party, reduced to an insig ufieant band o t traitors,
will lie crushed between uie ^lejoult eiforts uf
patriots i.i thr South and patriots in the ^oi-tn.
Abominable, Mr. Cleik, a-; this decline of
the " irrepressible confine 1 is m its ^unripe' and
consequences, ail honorabh member Ironi Illinois
[Mr. Farms worth] imputes its author.-inp to a
southern writer—the individual who now ad-
dresses you. The ieatlei of ihe Black Republi-
can party is smgu arly unfortunate ill his apolo-
gists'. By one, he is'impeached of perfidy; by
another, of a flagrant plagiaiism. Again I come
to his rescue, and restore his credit tor originality,
by adverting to the fan ihat he promulgated the
theory of the "irrepressible conflict" as early as
1848—eight years in advance of the articlc m the
Richmond Enquirer.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Does the gentleman re-
member that, in 1849, a manifesto was issued to
the country, drawn up and prepared by John C.
Calhoun, of South Carolina ?
Mr. PRYOR. I do.
Mr. McKNIGHT. And signed by all the mem-
bers of the Virginia delegation in both Houses of
Congress, in which this very doctrine of " irre-
pressible conflict" was promulgated?
Mr. PRYOR. That I deny.
Mr. AlcKNIGHT. Permit me to read two
sentences only ?
Mr. PRYOR. I should have no objection to
ihe gentleman reading the whole address, for it is
a very good one; but I cannot yield for that pur-
pose now.
Sir. McKNIGHT. I will consume only a mo-
ment. Iwillreadonlyoneortwosentene.es. 1
quote that manifesto from the second volume of
Thomas H. Benton's Thirty Years in the United
States Senate, page 734:
" We, whose names aie hereto annexed, address you m
discharge ot what we believe to bo a solemn duty on the
most important subject ever presented for your considera-
tion. \Vc allude to the conjhd between the two preat sec-
tions of the Union, growing out of a difference ot leeling
and opinion in icleienee to the relations exi^timj between
the two laees, the Emopean and African, which inhabit the
southern section, and the aetsof a^icssion and eneioach-
ment to winch it lias led. The eonfiiei commenced not long
after the acknowledgment of our independence, and. has
jriaduallv increased until it has arrayed the great body of
the Noith against the South on this moat vital subject. In
the piogiess of this eonflii t, aggression ha* followed nggies-
sion and moroachmeut eneioaehment. until they have
reached a point when a icgaid lor peace and safety \\ ill not
permit us to lemam lomjci" silent.'1
My object in muling this in to show that to
' Mr. "Sr.ward liiv* been given honor more than is
! duo. The following ore the names signed to that
manifesto:
AIo-v-vs. Atchison, ofMV-ouii; Hunter'and Mason, of
i Vuginia; Calhoun and Butlei, of South Caiohna ; Downy,
' of Louisiana ; Foote and Jcfier&on Davi<, of Miss^sippi;
Fitzpatiick, of Alabama , Coiiand and Bcbnstian, of Ai-
kaiv-a« ; We^teott and Yulee, of Florida; Atkinson, Day-
lev, Bedmger. Boooek, Beaie, "VV. G. Biovvn, Meade, It. A.
Thompson, ot Virginia; Darnel, Yenable, of Noith Caio-
hna; i)urt, Holing, ilbett, Simpson, Woodward, of South
Caiohna; Wallace, Ivei.-on, Lumpkin, of Georgia; Bow-
don, Gayle, Harris, of Alabama ; La Sere, Morse, of Louis-
iana; it. \Y. Jotiiit-ois. of Aikansas ; and Stanton, of Kon-
tuckj *>
I do not know that the Mr. Bocock who signed
that manifesto js the same Mr. Bocock now in
; this House.
I Mr. PRYOR, and several others. Exactly the
i same.
j Mr. McKNIGHT. Then, can it be possible
j that gentlemen who support a resolution denoun-
: cing ivlr. Siibrman for signing a particular docu-
] merit, and for favoring this irrepressible-conflict
| doctrine, can vote for a gentleman who has signed,
' indorsed, and promulged the very same doctrine!
\ [Great disorder and deafening cries of " Order!"
from the Democratic benches.]
Mr. I'llYOR. 1 cannot allow the gentleman,
' under a lalse, hypocritical pretense, to inject a
flagitious speech into mine.
Mr. McK'iN'lGHT. 1 understood the gentle-
' man to yield me the floor.
Mr. PI! YOR. For a special purpose, 1 yielded
it, but you have violated that puipose. It is an-
1 other violation of engagemi nis and covenants by
!: north' rn Reprrseiitatnes.
' The gentleman is mistaken. In imputing the
h authorship ofthe '* irrepressible conflict' to Wil-
j i.1am II. Seward, I did nothing more than ob-
serve the old maxim, ill giving tile devil his due.
: In the sense in which he propounded il, he was
e the first to promulgate it.
i Rut, si i, it is lint rue, m every sen si' liutrue, that
i; ony man in the South ever adopted .Seward's
' idea of the " iriT>pressible conflict.'' On the con-
':tr.ny. We denv that the suboidmation of negro
!' slavery \< repugnant to tin- principles of civil lib-
1 erty, eonundmg, rather, that it constitutes the
' most solid i'!id staple basis ot tree go\eminent,
and is instrumental ill the' highest development of
civilization. Yv'e deny that slavery is repugiianUo
the Constitution, since, in fact, the most essential
piinciple uf ihe Constitution—the principle of rep-
■ ri sentation—reposes upon arecogaitionot slavery,
and its most guarded guarantees aie for the pro-
teaionof slaviy. We deny that slavery opposes
any impediment to the progress of the Republic,
forasmuch as in conjunction with slavery, and.
mainly by the aid of slavery, the Republic has
already realized the most brilliant promise of na-
tional glory. We deny that any antagonism sub-
sists between the social systems of the opposite
sections. We deny that the rights of the South
are incompatible With the interests of the North.
In fact, the resources of one section are exactly
responsive to the deficiencies of the other. Our
economy of labor, disciplined and_ steady and
unfailing, is an indispensable auxiliary to the
adventurous and educated industry of the North.
We plant and producc; they fetch and fabricate.
We supply the solid basis; they the decoration of
the Corinthian capital. The ever active and tur-
bulent spirit of free labor in the North would pre-
cipitate the social system into anarchy, if it were
not counteracted and controlled by the conserva-
tive interests of slave labor in the South.
Tins is my opinion of the harmonious relations
logically existing between the two sections of the
Confederacy.
Nevertheless, sir, I say thcreisan " irrepressible
conflict;" but it is an " irrepressible conflict" be-
tween the provisions of the Constitution, the rights
of the South, and the interests of the Union, on
the one hand; and on the other the ideas and aims,
the, principles and purposes of the Black Repub-
lican party. When we contemplate the rapid and
uninterrupted aggrandizement of this party, rush-
ing like the Propontis in ebbless flow, and, in its
resistless course, sweeping away every barrier of
right, reason, and constitutional restraint; when
we see it satisfied by no concession, and propitiated
by no adjustment, all the little " compromises" of
cobbling politicians, instead of arresting the in-
undation, only serving to irot the fanaticism of
anti-slavery iiito a stronger and more turbulent
stream; when we find that, the audacity of itsprc-
tensions rises with th'- development of its power;
when, after demolishing the outposts of slavery,
it avows its purpose to repel the South from the
common domain of the Confederacy, and to em-
ploy the agency of the Federal Government for
the extermination of slavery in its stronghold;
in the face of these facts—facts of portentous sig-
nificance—we are forced to the conclusion that,
between the South and the dominant party of the
North, there does indeed rage an inevitable and
"irrepressible" conflict. Optimists may be de-
ceived, by the edtlies along the bank, into the idea
that the stream is running backward; but who-
ever looks out upon the true current and volume
of waters will admit that the course of anti-sla-
very is ever and increasingly onward. Action and
reaction, flux and reflux, is the law of progress.
As we stand upon the beach contemplating the
mighty movements of ocean, we observe a regu-
lar^repetition of refluent waves; but, for all that,
our little landmarks will be soon swept away by
the aspiring1 seo. So with the usurpations of this
an ti-slavery party; except we get beyond their
reach, they will speedily overwhelm all our rights.
Sir, believe me, the South understands the crisis
as J represent it, and is bracing her energies for
the im-vitdble struggle. If you will not take my
; word, be admonished by more authentic and au~
' thoritative manifestations. Listen to the voice
; of the people in primary meeting: hear tlie rec-
! ommendations of our State Executives; recount
; the enactments of our State Legislatures—all ani-
; mated with the single spirit of resistance, and
: all contemplating the single object of prepara-
' TIox—be instructed, I bcscech you, by the sig-
1 nificance of these ominous developments, and
retrace your match of encroachment before the
: iirt;vocabJe din is cast.
If this avail not for the salutary lesson, recollect
: the effect of the explosion at Harper's Ferry;
| remember with what alacrity the people of \ lr-
j ginia answered to the call ot patriotism; withliow
- quick an impulse of sympathy the shock of col-
I lision on our northern frontier vibrated throughout
= the imnts of the Commonwealth, awakening a
j universal response of resentment and indignation;
I with what sudor and unanimity her gallant sons
[precipitated themsclvin in military array on the
j point of expected attack, ready and resolute to
j vindicate th'-' honor of the South from the threat
1 of insult or the shadow of aggression.
In conclusion, I would address a single word to
j the Representatives of the southern Opposition;
■ it is a word of amicable expostulation ami frater-
,| nal pntreaty. Among our constituency there is
