sim
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
I aslt for the yeas and nays on this amendment.
This clause, in effect, surrenders the Department
to the control.of contractors. Without arguing
the matter, I simply ask for the and nays.
The question being taken ljy yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch,
Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson ot Tennessee, Ken-
nedy, Peace, Poik, Powell, Ilice, Sebastian, Toombs, and
Yulee—17.
NAYS — Messrs. Bright, Brown, Cameron, Chandler,
Cliesmit, Clark, Collamer, Doolittie, Durkec, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hammond, Harlan, Hemphill, King,
Latham, Mason, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Thomson,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—'Xt.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. YtlLEE. Now, 1 hope we shall take a
vote on the question of agreement.
Mr. POLK. I desire to add an amendment. I
voted for the amendment offered by the Senator
from Florida; but the amendment offered by the
Senator from Florida has been voted down, and
I propose to add after the word " order," in the
seventeenth line, on the second page, the words:
Unless where such contractor shall have received a
month's pay on account of the curtailment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope \vc shall not agree to
that amendment. I am opposed to it. Those gen-
tlemen who went on and acted honestly,accord-
ing to the contract, without the orders of tho De-
partment, are better entitled than those who were
determined to serve anyhow, in spite of the De-
partment; and I oppose the amendment for that
reason.
Mr. POLK. I think if they get the contract
price that is enough, and I do not wish them to
get the contract price and a month's pay besides.
There is'the difference betwixt the Senator from
Georgia and myself. He not only wants to give
them the contract price, but a month's pay in
addition.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said no such thing.
Mr. POLIC. I took the Senator's words.
Mr. TOOMBS. You did not have my words.
Mr. POLK, If I did not take Senator's words,
then I ask his pardon; and if I have given a mean-
ing to the words that he did notmtewl they should
have, then I take that back.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not say that.
Mr. POLK. Well, Mr. President, I certainly
do not wish to misrepresent the Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. What I said was, that it was
very clear those persons who, under the contract,
tooic a month's pay, were better entitled where
they had gone on and done the service, than those
who had done it m violation of the law and the
contracts under the law.
Mr. POLK. There is just the difference be-
tween us. I think the party who went on and
did the service, and got paid the contract price,
got all he can ask; and we ought not to give him,
in addition to the contract price, one month's pay.
That is the difference between the Senator and
myself. If he wishes them to have one month's
pay in addition, very well; lie is entitled to his
opinion; but that is not my opinion, and hence I
have offered the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri, to add the words:
I*nl<s-i said contractor shall have received one month's
pay on account of such curtailment.
Mr. TOOMBS, That would deprive all the
rest.
Mr. POLK. I am willing to add these words,
to make it more agreeable:
Winch monthV pay shall he deducted.
Mr, TOOMBS. That is a very different ques-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, Mr. President, that
brings it precisely to what I understand to be
the ground, as a matter of eouise. Iieie is a man
who is curtailed of half the service. lie has a
daily service, and one half of it is taken off. lie
is ordered to do it three times a week. He re-
ceives his month's pay on the deduction part; but
if he goes on and does the service, and this law
is passed to pay him for the service, no deduction
is made to him at all. Whatever he has received
by way of advance, comes out of that paid foi the
service. We say if he has gone on and done the
daily service, and actually performed it, he shall
be paid; but you deduct fi om that pay what you
advanced for a month's work. As a matter of
course, that will be done. The gentleman need
not have any law about that. The Post Office
Department is not quite so dumb as to do that.
Mr. POLK. Where Congress tells them what
they must do, they must do it.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no doubt about
that. It does not require to call spirits from the
vasty deep tp make that sort of deduction. By
putting in those last words in his amendment, it
leaves it just exactly where it is now; that is, if
the man has done the service, whatever he has
received already on account of the reduction of the
service shall be deducted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to explain. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, as first of-
fered, proposed to extend the provision to a class
of people who acted m clear violation of law.
According to the original proposition, the con-
tractors are to get one month's pay, if the service
is not restored; and if it is restored, their month's
pay is deducted, and they d#not get the benefit
of the act. The amendment of the Senator from
Missouri required that they should have both. I
say he denied it to the meritorious, and was giv-
ing it to those who were acting in violation of
law. That is the position I took, and it is the
correct one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on disagreeing to the amendment of the
House, and asking for a committee of confercncc.
Is the Senate ready for that question?
Mr. HUNTER. The yeas and nays were
ordered on that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The form in which the
question is put is not entirely understood upon
this side of the Senate. Those who wish to con-
cur with the House vote ''nay," as I under-
stand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
states it coriectly. Those who desire to disagree
will vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 520; as follows:
YEAH—Mos«in. Bnyaid, Ilragg, tt right, Hi own. Cliesnut,
Chittenden, Davis, Filch, Fil/.patuek, Ilammond,
Jlunlei, Ivei&on, Johnson oi Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Latham. Ma^oti, L'eaioe, Rice, Sebastian, Thompson
Toombs, and Vnlee—521.
NA YS~--Me:>-rV Cameion, (,'Iundlei, Claik. Collamer,
Poolmlc, l'Yssenden, 1'out, Fostei, <.;i,>en, ILulan, licmp
lull, Sewaid, Simmons Sum no j, Ton K} ok, Tium-
Imll, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—^0.
So the Senate disagreed to the amendment of
the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment made, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolve*/, That tho Home disagree to the third amend-
ment of the Semite, as follows: On paqc 3, line three,
alter the word '• blanks," smite out " ten thousand ami
insert " filtv-lour thou*ands".so that the. clause will lead:
For blanks, $\>.|,000.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the Senate insist
on that amendment, and thus keep the question
as it was.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do I understand that we
are to vote to keep in the $54,000?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Florida is to insist, and that
will keep in the amount, if the Senate insists.
Mr, CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, upon this amend-
ment, the form of proceeding on the part of the
Senate will he to insist. The House have dis-
j agreed to this amendment. In the former case,
] they agreed to our amendment, with an amend-
; ment, to which we disagreed. Now, the House
hasdisagiced to this amendment of the Senate,
| and the motion is to insist.
! Mr. IXUNTER. This third amendment, the
: House, the second time, forgot to notice; and in
i order to get it into a committee of conference, it
is necessary to insist. The House omitted it in
their report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on insisting on the amendment winch has just
been read.
Mr. GIIEEN. Whose amendment is this we
are to pass on ? When was it adopted?
Mr. TOOMBS. When the bill passed.
Mr. GREEN. Has the House disagreed to it ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes. '
Mr. GREEN. Has it been before a commit-
tee of conference ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. GREEN. Has^it been before the Senate,
whether we shall recede or not?
Mr. TOOMBS. No.
Mr. GREEN. Then we cannot act upon it,
and it must go before the committee again. If
we once act upon it we cannot act upon it again;
it is beyond the power of the Senate. I make that
point before the Senate. I raise the point of order
that it is not in the competency of the Senate to
recede or do anything else, except to adhere or
insist, and appoint a committee of conference.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is what we are'doing.
The motion is to insist.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; that is all right
enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that it has been the uniform
practice of the Senate to further insist on its
amendments. The question is, to further insist
on the amendment which has just been read, on
which the yeas and nays were called for.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the call.
The amendment was insisted on.
Mr. LATHAM. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 304) relative to the overland mail to Califor-
nia. It is a portion of the unfinished business of
this body. We were discussing it yesterday. It
was put aside for this Post Office deficiency hill.
A great deal of business has intervened since, and
I think it is but proper that the Senate should take
it up and dispose of it now some way or other I
think we can get through with it this evening, if
the Senate will give it their attention.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is the Post Office bill dis-
posed of, or is it yet under consideration?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
understands that the tariff bill is the bill in order
before the Senate. Tho Post Office deficiency bill
was taken up by common consent.
Mr. LATIIAM. Then I move to postpone
the tariff bill, and take up the bill of the House
No. 304.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire what is
the result on this Post Office appropriation bill?
I understood the Senator from Florida to move
for a committee of conference.
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Thatpointhasbeenpassed
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has disagreed to the amendment of the House in
one instance, and insisted further on another.
Mr. COLLAMER The question I asked was
about a committee of conference; whether there
has bej$n any order for the appointment of such
a committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has .
been none.
Mr. HUNTER. That was a part of the mo-
tion.
Mr. YULEE. I was going to state that that
was a part of the motion I made to disagree with
the House, and propose a conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put that question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I only want itdone; that
is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. HUNTER. Bv the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to appoint a committee of con-
ference on the Post Office deficicncy bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice Presi-
dent appointed Mr. Davis, Mr. Bragg, and Mr.
Harlan.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. LATHAM. I now renew my motion to
postpone all previous orders, and take up the bill
(H. R. No. 304) inviting proposals for carrying
the entire mail between tne Atlantic and Pacific
coasts on one line; and on that motion I call for
the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordei*ed; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Bright, Chesnut, Fitzpatrick,
Grimes, Harlan, Iverson, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Poik,
1'owelJ, Rice, and Tiumbull—14.
