286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 29
no difference of sentiment, no division of party.
"Why, then, may we not import hither, and rep-
resent here, some image and* accent of the divine
harmony which prevails in the bosom of the peo-
ple ? Under the pressure of this supreme neces-
sity let us close up the trivial differences of party,
and collect our energies for their most effective
exertion; so that, whatever he the issue, we may I
accept it as well with the repose of conscious
strength as with the dignity of conscious right.
Unity is the solitary need of the South. With
that, panoplied in the triple armor of a just causc,
she may await the signal from the adversary with-
out a momentary misgiving of the result. Speak-
ing on the suggestion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I affirm, that eight million freemen, ed-
ucated to the use of arms, animated with the
invincible valor of a high-soulod sensibility, and
united by the ties of fraternal sympathy in the
defense of everything dear to the soul of honor,
cannot be subjugated by any combination what-
ever, least of all by a miscellaneous mob of crazy
fanatics and conscience-stricken traitors. And,
with the resources of strength which abound in
the limits of the southern States, an imperial do-
main, every diversity of climate, and every vari-
ety of production—especially a monopoly of the
staples which rule the commerce of the world—
with these incomparable advantages, it is possible,
if need be, to organize a confederacy out of our
own resources, and to rear a fabric ofgovornmcnt
which shall survive the lapse of ages, and renew
with brighter illustration the republican glories of
antiquity.
Mr. BOYCE obtained the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. As I understand that the
gentleman from South Carolina does not desire
to proceed with his remarks this evening, I ask
him to yield for a motion to go to a ballot.
Mr. ftOYCE. I give way with great pleasure
for that purpose.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Mcs^is. Hair, Blown, Carter, Horace F. Ciar!:, Clemen1?,
Claik B Cochrane, James Ciaig, Dunnnck, Ethei
Jackson, Jenkins, Lnndiuui, Maelny, Nixon, Sedi'wu-k,
Stalhvouh, Sfevcn>. Sfeveu^on, Van W\ck, and Wood.
Pending tlu* call,
Mr. GILMER stated that Mr. Etiif.iudgk was
confined lo his room by illness, and had paired off
with Mr. Morris, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. HAIIKSDALE stated that Mr. Jackson
was absent, because of indisposition in his family,
and had paired with Mr. Curtis.
Mr. HICKMAN stated that his pair with Mr.
Dimmick had expired this morning.
Mr. WINSLOW remarked that there was,
therefore, no pair with Mr. Dimmick.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order; I do
not think it is right, or fair, or proper, to ask a
pair for a man who is absent and unable to be
here. If ho were able to he here, and wished a
pair, then it would be all right; but I do not think
it right to ask a pair for a man who could not be
here.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand that the gen-
tleman [Mr. Dimmick] is sick in bod.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I submit that it is not
fair to ask a man in health to pair with aman who
is sick, and unable to be here. Wo ought to be
able to take advantages on our side, and lrt the
other side take similar advantages.
Mr. WINSLOW. The facts do not support
my friend's hypothesis.
Mr. CURTIS. It is just as good for one side
as the other.
Mr, HICKMAN. 1 wish to say that my pair
with Mr. DiMMiciioxpircd this morning. i>ut Mr.
Dimmick has sent me a request that I shall con-
tinue to pair with him to-day. I was anxious my-
self to record my vote to-day; but as ho was kind
enough to pan- off with me, I cannot, in justice
to him, put him to the necessity of coming here
at this time. Therefore, if there be no other gen-
tleman to pair with him in this ballot, I shall con-
sider myself bound, m courtesy, to do it. [Cries
of cc That is right.'-']
Mr. HOUSTON. Aru there any absentees?
The CLERK. None; except those that have
been heretofore recorded as paired. Mr. Barh is
paired with Mr. Van Wick. Mr. Carter with
Mr, Landrum Mr. Horaci: F. Clark with Mr.
1 Stanton. Mr. Clark B. Cochrane with Mr. i
| Jenkins. Mr. James Craig with Mr. Stevens, i
j Mr. Dimmick with Mr. Hie km an. Mr. Ether- j
] idge with Mr. E. Joy Morris. Mr. Jackson ,
| with Mr. Curtis. Mr. Maclay with Mr. Sedg- !
i wick. Mr. Stevenson with Mr. Nixon. Mr. •
I Rust with Mr. Wood. j
Mr. STANTON. I give notice that my pair j
with Mr. Clark, of New York, expires to-mor- |
row at twelve o'clock. !
Further proceedings under the call were then
dispensed with. ;
Mr. WINSLOW moved that the House pro-
ceed to a vote viva voce for Speaker. ]
The motion was agreed to; and the tellers j
resumed their seats.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Clerk, I have taken ;
; no part m this discussion: I do not intend to take
I any part now. I do not rise for that purpose.
I Since I have been here, I have had but one wish,
; and that was to sue the House promptly organ-
j ized upon a national, as opposed to a local or sec-
j tional basis.
! On one side is presented to us as a candidate
! for Speaker, the name of a gentleman who has not
1 received, ayd who, it is morally certain, will not
receive, a single vote from fifteen States of the
Union; and that by reason of the alleged, if not
avowed, local and sectional character of the or-
ganization which has preferred him as its candi-
date.
Against him have persistently voted a decided
and controlling majority of the House. Gentle-
men connected with different political organiza-
tions; gentlemen differing in political sentiments
upon gieat questions, as honest men and inde-
pendent tlunkcik are apt to differ, agreeing only
j in this: the impolicy or the impropriety of olect-
i mg as our Presiding Officer the gentleman against
j whom, in common, they vote. That opposition
i has now continued for nearly four weeks.
| On yesterday, as it is well known, one of my
■ friends and colleagues, without my knowledge,
| and as he told you upon his own responsibility,
j formally presented my name to the House as a
: candidate for the high office of Speaker, and in
j doing so made a statement the truth of which is
! known, I suppose, to almost every one of my eon-
j stituents, and which I here affirm injustice to him,
[ and not for the purpose of screening myself from
! any responsibility. >Sir, 1 shun no responsibility,
j much less do 1 seek it. The result of the vote has
i passed into a matter of record.
Words would bo wanting to me to express my
gratitude to those oi" my political friends who
gave me their support, and to those of my -polit-
ical opponents, many of them gentlemen with
whom I served during the lastCongn ss, to whom
my opinions weie well known, from whom my
position upon great public ijuestions was not con-
cealed, hut who saw fit to give me their votes, not
in view of, but in spite of my opinions: J say that
words would be wanting to express my thanks
to them, did I allow myself to sec in their action
nothing higher or nobler than a mere personal
compliment. But regarding, as I do, their action
as an effort of gentlemen, forgetting for the time
mere considerations of party or partisan oigan-
ization, willing for the moment to forget and forego
all party differences, and to act toother for the
time for the accomplishment of a higher patriotism,
in effecting the union and tranquilhzation of a wide
section of our country. I dare not appiopriate
that action to myself, oven so far as to make it. the
object of my thanks.
Mr. Clerk, perceiving, as I do, that the further
I i use of my name would fail to concentrate, but tend
|! rather to distract and divide gentlemen whom I
had hoped in this juncture to see acting together,
ij and thus attaining what is to me a paramount
jj object—the organization of the House upon a
i; broad, national, and conservative basis, l beg
; j the permission of my friend and colleague, as well
!' as of gentlemen of the House, here and nowun-
II conditionally to withdraw my name from this
j| contest.
jj Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to put m nomination
]' a gentleman who ousrht to be satisfactory to all
ij the national men of this House. I nominate
j; Charles L. Scott, of California.
|j TWENTY-FOniTII FALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
■j The House proceeded to a twenty-fourth ballot
1' for Speaker, with the following result* Whole
number of votes cast, 210; necessary to a choice,
106; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 102
Mr. Scott  S3
Mr. Gilmer 1  14
Mr. John G.Davis  3
Mi.Biiggs  3
Mr. McQueen   2
Mr. Reynolds    1
Mr. Pugh   1
Mr. Pendleton  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Meters. Chailcs F. Adams, Aklrieh,
Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
Butfmton, Builmgame, Buinham, Burroughs, Butteifield,
Campbell, Caiey,~Case, Colfax, Conkling, Convin, Covodc,
Davveh, Delano, Ducll, Dunn. Edgcrton, Edwauls. Eliot,
Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Feny, Foster, Ftank. French,
Goocli. Giaham. Giow, Guiley, Hale, Hall, Raskin. Ilel-
nnck, Hoaul, Ilumplncy, Ilutchins, Irvine, Junkm, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgorc, Kil-
linger, DeWitt 0. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Love-
joy, Marston, McKean, McKnight. McPhcrson. Milhvard,
Mooilicad, Morrill, Morse, Olm, Palmer, Pennington, Peny,
Pottit, Poiter, Pottoi, Pottle, llice, Christopher Robm?on,
Royce, Sclnvaitz, Scranton, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner,
William Stewart, Stiatton, Tnppan, Thayer, Theakoi,
Tompkins, Train,Tiimble, Vando\ cr, Vcrrec, Wade, Wal-
dion, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Wasliburn, Ellihu B. Wash-
buinc, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and
Woodruff.
For Mr. Scott—Messrs. Allen, ThomasL. Anderson, Ash-
more, Avery, Baiksdale, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham,Boteler,
Bouligny, Boycc, Blanch. Buich, Burnett, John B. Clark,
Cloptun,Cubli, John Coeln ane, Coopei, Cox, Bmton Ciaige,
Cuiiy, Davidson, Rcuhen Davis, De Jarnotte, Edmundson,
English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton,
| ilaideman, John T. Harris, Ilavvkin^, Hindman. Holman,
Houston, llowaid, Hughe?, Jones, ICoitt, Kunkel, Lamar,
Lanabce, Leake, Logan, Love, Chailcs I). Maitm, Elbert
S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McRac, Miles, Millson,
Montgomeiy, Lnban T. Mooie, Sydenham Mooic, Isaac N.
Moms, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Reagan, James C\ Robinson, RufFm, Sickles, Simms, Sin-
gleton, William Smith, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallnndigham, Vance, Whiteley>
Window, Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Brabson, Brigg*, Bnstow, II. Winter Davis, J. Moi •
j i«on Hams, Ilatton, James M Leach, Nelson, Quarles,
William N. II. Smith, Stokes, and Webster.
For Mr. John G Davis—Messrs. Adrain, Revnolds, and
Rigg«.
For Mr. Bn« s—Me^sm. Gilmei, Hill, and Mallory.
For Mr. McQuccn—Me«.sr<. Ciawford and Pugh.
For Mr. Reynolds—M\. John G. Davi^.
For Mr. Pit^h—Mi. McQueen.
For Mr. Pendleton—Mi. Scott.
During the vote the following proceedings took
place.
Mr. HICKMAN, when his name was called,
said: Mr. Dimmick is sick in his room. To pre-
vent the necessity of bringing him here, I have
concluded to pair'off with him for the remainder
of the day. If it was otherwise, I would vote for
Joiint Sherman.
Mr. VANCE, when his named was called, said:
I hope the House will indulge me in a single re-
mark, especially in consideration of the fact that
I have not trespassed upon its attention from the
commencement of the, present session until this
day. 1 hope I have shown by the votes that I
have recorded here in this contest, that I am will-
ing to assist in the election of any man upon a
conservative and national basis—which phrase I
am certain this House has never heard before.
[Great laughter.] I have voted foi a Lecompton
Democrat. I have voted for those who did not
approve of the Lecompton bill. ( hove voted for
an Administration Democrat. I have voted for
an anti-Aflmmistration Democrat. And if there
is any other member of that great prolific Demo-
cratic family that I have neglected, I hope they
will trot him out and give me an opportunity to
vote for him. [Laughter.] And now, sir, I am
still willing to exhibit the same national conserv-
ative spirit by voting for Mr. Scott, of California.
I vote for him knowing that he will notbc elected
on this ballot, and that my vote will do him no
good; but yesterday when my gallant friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] was nominated for-
ty-fivo Democrats—members of this House—laid
j down their party prejudices and voted for him, and
! it shall not be said that, to-day, when Mi-.Scott,
a Democrat, a national conservative one, I hope,
! was nominated, there was not found one Whig
: to return the compliment. [\ote for Charles
! L. Scott, of California. [Applause in the gal-
; lories.]
] Mr. McCLEUNAND, after the roll had been
! called through, said: I find that an effort is being
I made to concentrate our votes on some one gen-
tleman. I think we should have done so some
