1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
bill be postponed until Tuesday next, at two
o'clock; and on that I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the demand for the previous
question, in order that I may say a word or two
before the question is taken on the motion to
postpone.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw it for a
moment or two, and yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
want to remark to the House, that I am a friend
to this bill, as I understand it; but if it is now
pressed to its passage without consideration on
the jjp.rt of the House, without opportunity af-
forded to members to look into it and to examine
it, then I warn the gentleman from Indiana and
the friends of the bill that thoy will find opposi-
tion from those who now agree with them.
Mr. Speaker, this is a very important measure.
It grants away large quantities of the public land
for internal improvements, in the character of
railroads, which run in a direction affecting ma-
terially and extensively the interests of this coun-
try. 1 insist tliat we shall investigate the subject
before we are called upon to pass upon it 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I must resume the
floor, for I did not yield for a speech. I demand
the previous question on the motion to postpone.
If the motion to postpone be voted down, I give
notice that I will then move that the bill be put on
its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. TOMPKINS. That will take the ques-
tion from before the House.
The SPEAKER. It will.
The House divided on the motion to lay upon
the table; and there were—ayes, seventy.
Mr. CURTIS demanded tellers.
Mr. COVODE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read in exlenso. It provides that
there shall be granted to the Territory of Ne-
braska, for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of the following railroads, namely: a railroad 1
from some eligible point on the west bank of the
Missouri river, so as to connect as nearly as prac-
ticable with the Burlington and Missouri River
railroad; thence into and along the valley of the
Platte river, via New Fort Kearny, to the western
boundary of said Territory; a railroad from some
eligible point on the Missouri river, between the
Kansas line and the mouth of the Platte river,
running westwardly, to intersect the first named
road at or near New Fort Kearny; a railroad from ;
some eligible point on the west bank of the Mis-
souri river, so as to comiectas nearly as practica-
ble with the Mississippi and Missouri River'rail-
road; thence into and along the valley of the Platte
river, to intersect said first-nnentioned ro;idat or
near Fort Kearny; a railroad from some eligible
point on the west bank of the Missouri river, so
as to connect as nearly as practicable with what-
ever railroad, having a grant of lands from the
Government of the United States, may be located
through the State of Iowa, terminating on the
Missouri river at or near the forty-second parallel
of latitude; thence in a southwesterly coursc, to in-
tersect the above-mentioned continuation ot the
said Mississippi and Missouri River railroad at or
near the mouth of the Loupe Fork river; and a
railroad from some eligible point on the Missouri
river, at or near the mouth of the Sioux river, so
as to connect as nearly as practicable with the
Pubuqae and Sioux City railroad; thence to and
up and along theNeobrarah river, orany other eli-
gible route, to intersect with the first-named road
at or near Fort Laramie. Also, that every alter-
nate section of land designated by odd numbers,
for seven sections in width, on each side of each of
the roads, shall be held by the Territory or future
State of Nebraska for the use and purpose afore-
said; provided the lands granted for and on ac-
count of the roads severally shall be exclusively
applied to the construction of that road for and
on account of which such lands arc so granted,
and shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses, and that the same shall be applied to no
other purpose whatever; provided, further, that
all mineral lands, and any and all land heretofore
reserved to the United States by any act of Con-
gress, or in any other manner by competent au-
thority, for the purpose of aiding in any object of
internal improvement, or for any other purpose
whatsoever, shall be reserved to the United States
from the operation of the act, except so far as it
may be found necessary to locate the routes of
said railroads through such reserved lands, in
which case the rightof way only shall be granted,
subject to the approval of the President of the
United States.
Mr HOUSTON. At the request of several
friends, I withdraw the motion that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I renew the motion to lay
upon the table.
Mr. CURRY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dceidedin
the affirmative—yeas 130, nays^Sl; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Allen, Alley, William
C. Anderson. Ashley, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr,
Beale, Bingham, Blake, Bocock, Bonliam, lioyce, Branch,
" mi ~ " '
Dawes, [)c Jarnette, Delano, Duelt, Edgerton, Edmundson,
Eliot, Ely, English, Ethemlge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry,
Foster, Frank, French, Gaitrell, Gilmer, Goocll, Gialiam,
Gurley, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, JohnT. Harris,
Haskin, llatton, Iltekinan, Hill, Hoaid, Ifolman, Houston,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kent, Fiancis W. Kel-
logg, Kenyon, ICilIinger, Lamar, OeWitt U. Leach, James
M. Leach, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, May-
nard, McKean, McKnigiit, McPherson, Miles, Mlilson,
Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Nelson, Nixon, Olm, Palmer, Perry, l'eyton, Potter,
Pottle, Prjor, Pugh, Ciuaries, Iteagau, Christopher Kobm-
son, Ruffin, Sedgwick, Sherman, Simms, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stratum, Tompkins, Train, Underwood, Vailau-
dighnm,Walton, CadwaladcrC.Washburn,Webster,Wells,
Wiiiteley, Winslow, Wood, and Wright—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldnch, Thomas I,. Anderson, Barrett,
Blair, Bouligny, Burch, Carter, John B. Clark, Covode,
James Craig, Curtis, John G. Davis, Keuben Davis, Dunn,
Edvvaids, Florence, Foulte, Hale, Hamilton, Hnidman,
Howard, Humphrey, Junkm, Kiigore, Landrail!, Lee, Lo-
gan, Mailory, Charles D. Martin, McClernand, McRae,
Moorhead, Niblaek, Noeil, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, ltiggs,
James C. ttobmson, Schwartz, Seott, Sickles, Stout, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Tumble, Vandever, Waldron, Ellihu B.
Washbunie, Windom, and Woodson—51.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. BONHAM stated that his colleague, Mr.
McQueen, was paired with Mr. Adams, of Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that his colleague on
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, Mr. Thhaker,
was detained at his room by illness, and that he
was paired with him for to-day.
Mr. THOMAS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Spaulding; and that if he could vote, he
would vote to lay the hill upon the table.
Mr. KILGORE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Case, was paired with Mr. Martin, of Virginia,
on all important questions.
Mr. DaVIS,ofMississippi,said: Mr.Speaker,
1 do not understand the merits of this ,bill, because
I have not had an opportunity to examine into its
provisions. I do not wish to be put in the posi-
tion, I wish to say here, of favoring the proposi-
tion that Congress shall refuse to make to the new
States the same grants that have already been ex-
tended to the old States. Not understanding the
bill, and desiring an opportunity to examine its
provisions, and without committing myself on the
subject one way Or the other, I will vote in the neg-
ative, that the bill may be kept before the House
for the present.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will put the same
speech down for myself, and I vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. TAPPAN. For the reasons given by the
gentleman from Mississippi, I also vote in the
negative.
Mr. MONTGOMERY asked leave to vote, not
beino-within the bar when his name was called.
Mr. WINSLOW objected.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I would have voted
in the negative.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded. . ,
Mr. BARKSDALE moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
Has the morning hour ex-
It has not.
Mr. STANTON.
pired ?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I gave notice yesterday
that 1 would call up at one o'clock to-day the
report of the Committee of Elections ill tbe case
of Howard and Cooper, and I now call up that
report for the consideration of the House.
Mr. GILMER. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw some papers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object. Let us go on regu-
larly. I call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon the adoption of the following reso-
lution:
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to allow further time to
take testimony in the case of William A. Howard,contest-
ing the right of Hon. George B. Cooperto represent the first
congressional district of Michigan in this House, as asked
for by the sitting member.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I will pro-
ceed to present the facts of this case to the con-
sideration of the House as briefly as possible,
consistent with a proper understanding of it.
Upon the organization of this House, William A.
Howard submitted a memorial contesting the right
of the Hon. George B. Cooper to occupy a seat
upon this floor as Representative from the first
congressional district of Michigan, and that me-
morial was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. On the 27th day of February last, the par-
ties were notified to appear before that committee.
As appears from the report, page 6, the sitting
member applied for a week's time, to secure the
attendance of his attorney. This application was
granted, and a week's time given, for the purpose
of enabling him to have the assistance of his
counsel before the committee.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to propound an in-
quiry to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, if ho
will yield to me a moment for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to Know whether it
would be satisfactory to all the parties in this
cause, that the case shall be closed with one speech
on each side ? Now, upon a motion for continu-
ance, it is utterly out of question *o occupy two
or three days. I submit to gentlemen who have
the matter in charge that they consent to have a
vote taken after one speech upon each side.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say to the gentle-
man that it is my intention, if I snail be sustained
by the House, to call the previous question at four
o clock this evening; but I think it but fair to all
parties interested, to allow two speeches on each
side. I shall make but a brief one myself. The
House has already passed a resolution giving to
the contestant the right to speak in his own behalf,
and I do not desire,to interfere with that privilege.
On the 5th of March last—to resume my nar-
rative of facts—the sitting member made applica-
tion to your committee for further time to take tes-
timony; and presento.d certain affidavits in support
of the motion, which will be found appended to
the printed report. The parties were heard be-
fore the committee, for and against the motion;
and the committee refused to grant the time. _ A
majority, however, of the committee—of which
it is duo to myself to say I was not one—voted to
report a resolution to the House, deeming it inex-
pedient to grant further time to take testimony, in
order that the sense of the House might be had
upon the application made by the sitting member;
and I rise now for the purpose of supporting the
resolution read at the Clerk's desk, as I deem it
inexpedient and unreasonable to grant further
time for the purpose indicated.
I will present the reasons on which the objec-
tion of a majority of the committee to the prayer
of the application is based. The act of the 19th
of February, 1851, it is generally admitted, is di-
rectory only. It can only be directory for the
reason that article first, section five, of the Consti-
tution of the United States declares that "each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members. " An act
of a former Congress cannot nullify this clause of
the Constitution, and deny to the House the exer-
cise of that constitutional right. Understanding
that act of Congress to be directory, and intended
to regulate,the proceedings of parties outside ot
this House in contested-election cases, it never
was intended to restrict the power of this House,
