THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 30.
tion at all. It can simply inquire whether the
process is issued under color of the laws of the
united States.
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman has not clearly
stated all the points. There was a resolution in-
troduced into the Ohio Legislature by a Demo-
crat, to the effect that in case the fugitive slave,
law should be found wanting 
Mr. STANTON. I do not know that it is
necessary for my colleague to get me into a con-
troversy with him. I do not wish to interfere with
the speech of the gentleman from South Carolina,
by getting into a colloquy with my colleague.
Mr. COX. I want to put the matter m a shape
in which the truth shall go out to the coutry. A
resolution was introduced by a Democrat, into the
Ohio Legislature declaring that it was the impera-
tive duty of a State government to make such a
law, in case the fugitive slave law should not be
executed. The gentleman's party in the Legisla-
ture in a body voted against that resolution.
While I am up allow me to say one word more.
The gentleman tells us that he knows nobody in
the Republican party who is opposed to the three
fifths representation, as fixed in the Constitution.
Mr. STANTON. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I think it probable that there are men who,
if the Constitution were to bo mad.e over again,
would not make it as it is now in that respect; but
nobody seeks to change it so far as 1 know.
Mr. COX. Well, 1 want this embodied in the
specch of the gentleman from South Carolina, to
go along with it, that the distinguished candidate
for Governor of the Republican party ofOhio, has
himself denounced the tluee-fifihs representation
before the people. I have heard him denounce it;
and the gentleman -who was my competitor when
X first run for Congress, denounced the same thing,
and I say, for the information of the House, that
all through the State of Ohio it has become the
duty of the Democratic party to explain that three-
fifths representation, in order to repel the odium
sought to be cast upon us as the defenders of the
Constitution in that particular regard.
Mr. STANTON. I undeistand all about that.
"While the gentleman may have heard such argu-
ments from the Republicans of Ohio, he has heard
no Republican ask for any change of the Consti-
tution m reference to that matter. Lie has un-
doubtedly heard it argued by Republicans upon
the stump, that they are opposed to the extension
of slavery into new Territories, on account of that
inequality. That was all.
Mr. COX. All I have to say to the gentleman
is, that he is not a very fair exponent of the dom-
inant Republicanism of Ohio. lie is a sort of old
"Whig—a mahogany Whig—with a slight varnish
of Republicanism. [Laughter.] Thai is his po-
sition. He cannot speak for the dominant sect inn
of his party in his State; and although he maybe
a national and conseivative man, he does not give
a correct idea of the Republican party in that State.
It has nothing of the odor of nationality about it.
ft has all the odor of sectionalism about it m Ohio;
but there is a manifest object in presenting the or-
ganization before the whole country and in the
Fedeial Congress as having something of nation-
ality here, which it has not at home.
Mr. STANTON. I beg my colleague's par-
don. I claim to understand the position and prin-
ciples of the Republican party as well as he (iocs.
I am quite as authentic an exponent of the prin-
ciples of that party as he is. I have been a Re-
publican from the organization of that party to
tins time; and so far as I know, I am in good
standing m the State ofOhio.
Mr. COX. In your section—yes, sir.
Mi. STANTON. Well: (lie gentleman is mis-
taken when he undcitakes to say that the Repub-
lican party of Ohio is a sectional party. The Re-
publican party ofOIuo goes for the Constitution
os it was fiamed: and for fhe construction put
upon it flu sixty years after it was framed. We
will make our platform, to-day or to-morrow,
entirely out of quotations from "the fathers of the
Republic and we will not take a syllable that is
not to be found m their writings or sayings.
Mr. COX. Will you take JcfTeison on the
Constitution :
Mr. ST ANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KILLINGER. Will the gentleman let
me say a word hen; > The gentleman from Ohio
speaks for the Republican party of Ohio. Since
the first day we assembled here we have heard
Republicans define their position in regard to the
fugitive* slave law. Wc have heard Republican
extreme doctrines, which I, as a people's man
from Pennsylvania, do not indorse; and I think it
is time thnt'we, who come from Pennsylvania on
an issue entirely distinct from that of the disturb-
ance of the laws as they now stand on the statute-
book, should speak out. I am one of twenty-two
out of twenty-five members from Pennsylvania,
who primarily owe their seats here, in most part,
to the great principle of protection to American
industry. '
The name of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina is associated with a report in favor of free
trade. Let the gentleman adopt the President's
suggestion, and give us specific instead of ad
valorem duties. 1 will, so far as I am concerned,
pledge him that I will not give a vote in this Con-
gress to disturb any of the compromises, or any
of the laws of the United States, as they now
stand, [laughter,] on the question of the fugitive
slave law.
We know, sir, that this is a Government of
compromises; and we know that no party in Penn-
sylvania can carry that State without placing it-
self on the protection of our interests and indus-
try. That was the great question which determ-
ined the election last year; and on it we have got
to vote next year.
I want the House to understand it. I want
gentlemen of the Republican party to understand
that their national Republican convention, as it
was called, in New York, a few days ago, has
ignored the great question of protection to Ameri-
can industry; and that, unless they give us a gen-
tleman who stands on that principle, whose life
is his platform, they cannot expect to carry the
Stnfe of Pennsylvania for him. I speak the senti-
ments of the people of my State. 1 speak for the
laboring men, the mining people, who are out of
employment; and I tell the gentleman from South
Carolina that we can have peace, if he will but
extend the oli\e branch, and give us protection
to coal and iron. [Laughter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. The distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio has given us a version of Re-
publicanism in which, doubtless, he was sincere.
Hut the question is, whether that version isautho-
dox. Now, the fathers and founders of the Re-
publican party in the State of Illinois, in 1854, not
only denied the authority in Congress, under the
Constitution, to enact a fugitive slave law, but
claimed for the States exclusively that power.
That was the position taken by the Republican
party in Illinois. It does not consist very well
with the version given by the gentleman fiom
Ohio.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask (ho gentleman wheth. r
there was n Republican pnrfy m 1854?
Mr. MeCLERNAND. The gentleman who
made that declaration, in 1854,had not appropri-
ated the name of the Republican party at that time.
Mr. CURTIS. They were Know Nothings.
Mr. McCLERNAND. They were the fathers
and founders of the Republican party; and they
affirmed that doctune. If they have since repu-
diated it, let, the repudiation be cited and shown.
Mr. ROYCE. If I understood the gentleman
from Ohio 
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
South Carohnayield tome fora moment? I want
to ask my colleague over there—my tariff friend,
[laughter]—a question.
Mr. ROYCE. The gentleman will excuse me.
,: Mr. FLORENCE. Just for a mom< ut.
iI Mr. BOYCE. Very well.
: i Mr. FLORENCE. My friend on the other side
[; [Air. Killing kit j remarked that twenty-two < • a f
!j of twenty-fne members from Pennsylvania \v"i<>
j elected on the distinctive question of protection to
, Anieiican industry. I apprehend that he omitted
'■ me from that category, for reasons which may
1 bo talked of some other time. I ask him, then,
: whether he had not better part company with the
j gentlemen on the other side, for two reasons?
i The first is this: 1 ask him whether, m the call
; for that national Republican convention, ur rating
! ihat sectional Republican convention, [laughter,]
j which is to be held at Chicago, anything is said
j m regard to a tariff, or protection to American
industry' J want to ask my colleague another
question.
Mr. KILLINGER. One thing at a time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask him whether the
Evening Post, of New York, the distinctive and
individual organ of the Republican organization,
has not warned the Republicans that if they put
this tariff plank in their platform they will be
blown to the four winds of heaven ? My colleague
observes that he was elected on that distinctive
issue. I ask him, whether he had not better flee
from the wrath to come, and part company with
his present coadjutors? [Laughter.]
Mr. KILLINGER. In the first place, the Even-
ing Post is not an organ in Pennsylvania. We
repudiate it; we disclaim it; we spit upon its doc-
trines. So much for the New York Evening Post.
In the next place, I say that, unless the Repub-
lican convention at Chicago either recognize the
principle of protection to American industry
broadly and unequivocally in their platform, or
place on that platform a candidate who is a living
illustration of that principle, that will be satis-
factory to the people of Pennsylvania, he cannot
get the electoral vote of Pennsylvania. I say that
distinctly.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well; I want my colleague
to unbosom himself that way. [Laugntei*.]
Mr. KILLINGER. With the permission of
the gentleman from South Carolina, I wish to say
a word to the gentleman from the first district of
Pennsylvania. Pie has steadily voted for a gen-
tleman for Speaker of the House who is intimately
identified with the free-trade movement, in all his
public life. I mean the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bocock.] Pie and his Democratic
colleagues have voted for a gentleman who, in all
his public life, has shown hostility to the protect-
ive system. That is the difference between that
gentleman and myself.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I will go back
to the Thirty-Fourth Congress, when a gentleman
named Banks was elected Speaker—an ultra,
avowed, unquestionable free-trade man; and I ask
my colleague whether all the protective men from
Pennsylvania did not record their votes for him ?
The: gentleman's candidate for Speaker, [Mr.
Sherman,] especially voted for Nathaniel P.
Banks, on every ballot, if my memory serves me
right. He did not vote for his colleague, [Mr.
Campbell.]
Mr. KILLINGER. I am not answerable for
the conduct of gentlemen in the Thirty-Fourth or
Thirty-Fifth Congress.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well; analogies of that
kind may be made to refresh the recollection of
gentlemen who arc liable to forget antecedents of
that kind. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 want to refresh the recol-
lection of my colleague from the Philadelphia dis-
tuct [Mr. FLonENcn]"in regard to some reminis-
cences of the Thirty-Fourth Congress. My col-
li ague will remember that his principal objection,
and the objeciion of those who acted with him in
the Thirty-Fourth Congress, to the election of the
honorable1 gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] as Speaker of the House, was upon the
allegation that that gentleman had said, upon one
occasion, that m a certain contingency he was
willing to "let the Union slide."
Mr. FLORENCE. No, it was the "absorp-
tion" doctrine that I objected to.
Air CAMPBELL. And although Air. Banks
ptrnl the must beautiful and eloquent tribute to
; the Union that I ever beaid within the Hails of
« Congress or out of them, and repudiated the idea
; that he had used the language imputed to him, yet
he was pursued and hunted down, because it was
said that upon one occasion he had uttered the sen-
timent to whii h I haw referred. Yet my colleague
sifs hen- we'-k after week, and hems disunion and
sefis-^.>n si utjin. nts uttend bv the Democratic
j'ariy. and \ on s for the gentleman who is the rep-
j lesi-nta'uve <,i'th"se secession and disunion senfi-
' nients upon this floor. AIv colleague, who thus,
! by Ins vote, indorses these disunion sentiments,
: knows that the great State from which we come,
! from its extreme west to its great commercial rac-
■ tropolis,in its length and breadth, scorns the ideaof
disunion; that cur people, firm as the everlasting
hills, are for the Union and the Constitution, and
fur all its compromises, now and forever. With
a population of thr< o million; with vast commer-
cial, agricultural, and mineral wealth, the greatest
State in this great land, she is heart and soul,
everywhere, and all the time, for the Union and
the Constitution.
When my colleague says the distinguished gen-
