1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
under the Constitution. JNo act of one Congress
can limit or control the deliberations or privileges
of a succeeding one; much less nullify the Con-
stitution. But, while I admitthat the act of 1851
is only directory, yet it is a wholesome rule for our
guidance. It should g vern the proceedings of
parties in all the preliminary steps of investiga-
tions similar to this. The cases decided under
it should have the weight of precedents, and it is
not to be departed from without weighty and suf-
ficientreasons. Acting, then, under this view of
the law of 1851, what does the act prescribe for
the government of parties who bring contested-
election cases before this House ? I refer to the
act itself. In Brightly's Digest, page 254, the act
of 1851 reads as follows:
"Sec. 1. Whenever any person shall intend to contest an
election of any member of the House of Representatives of
the United States, he shall, within thiity days after the re-
salt of such election shall have been determined by the offi-
cer or board of canvassers authorized by law to determine
the same, give notice, in writing, to the member whose seat
he designs to contest 01' his intention to Contest the same,
and, in such notice, shall specify, particularly, the grounds
upon which lie relies in the contest.
" Sec. 2. Any member upon whom the notice mentioned
in the first section of this act may be served shall, within
thirty days alter the service thereof, answer such notice,
admitting or denying the facts alleged therein, and stating
specifically any other grounds upon which he rests the va-
lidity of Ins election, and shall serve a copy of his answer
upon tile contestant.
" Sec. 3 When any such contestant or returned member
shall be desirous of obtaining testimony respecting such
election, it shall be lawful for him to make application to
any judge of any court of the United States, or to any chan-
cellor, judge, or justice of a court of record of any State, or
to any mayor, recorder, or intendant of any town or city,
which said officer shall reside within the congressional dis-
trict in which such contested election was held, who shall
thereupon issue Ins writ of subpena, directed to all such
witnesses as «lmll be named to him, requiring the attend-
ance of such witnesses before him, at some time and place
named m the subpena, in order to be then and there exam-
ined respecting the said contested election, in the manner
iiereinafter provided.
" Sec. 4. Every such witness shall be duly served witli
such subpena, by a copy thereof being delivered to him or
hci, or left ot liN or her UMial place of abode, at least five
days before the dav on which the attendance of the witness
is icquired: Provided, That no wuness shall be required to
attend an examination out of the county or parish m which
lie or she may leside, or be served with a subpena.
Now, I call the attention of the House to the
fact that thesase under consideration was com-
menced under the provisions of this act of Con-
gress, and under the same act it was proceeded in
to this time. It is admitted by all parties, that the
case now under consideration falls directly within
the provisions of the act of Congress of 19tli Feb-
ruary, 1831. A certificate ofelection having issued
to Hon Mr. Cooper, on the 30th of November,
1858, the contestant gave notice to tiie sitting
member that he woulcl contest his right, which
notice was served on the 28th of December, 1858.
That notice was accompanied with twenty-three
distinctspecifications or points, on which the con-
testant relied. Those specifications gave the sit-
ting member full and ample notice of all the con-
tested matter relied upon by the contestant, sothat
he might be prepared with his proofs and allega-
tions within the time allowed by the act of Con-
gress. On the 26th of January, 1859, the sitting
member served his answer upon the contestant,
and in that answer Mr. Cooper gave Mr. Howard
notice of the name of his attorney, residing in the
city of Detroit, upon whom all pleadings, sub-
penas, and notices in the case might be served.
Now, the point in this case—and X wish to call
the attention of the House particularly to it—is,
whether Mr. Cooper has had ample time to pre-
pare his cause; in other words, whether this ap-
plication lias no other or better basis than his
own laches in the premises to support it; because
it is universally admitted that this case, falling
within the act of 1851, Mr. Cooper cannot ask
further indulgence, if he has had the fair and rea-
sonable opportunity, equally with the contestant,
prescribed m that act, to take his testimony in the
cause. Mr. Howard gave notice that he would
take testimony on the 4th of March, and the last
testimony taken by him was on the 26th of March.
The act of Congress allows sixty days in which
testimony may be taken. Mr. Howard's subpena
covers but twenty-two days of the sixty. This
left Mr. Cooper thirty-eight days of the sixty in
which to take the testimony of his witnesses. But
both parties might have proceeded at the same time,
under the provisions of that act, to tajre the tes-
timony of their witnesses, as was decided by the
report in the case of Vallandigham against Camp-
bell—and that report was sustained by a majority
of the House—to wit; that the fact that the con-
testant (orthe sitting member) having given notice
that he would proceed to take his testimony on a
certain day, in no way precluded the opposite party
from giving notice that lie would take testimony
during the same time; for the law provides that
the party may appear by agent or attorney, and
either party may proceed to take testimony during
the time specified in the notice of the other. They
had an equal opportunity to take testimony during
the entire sixty days. Mr. Howard occupied
twenty-two days; leaving to Mr. Cooper thirty-
eight days of the sixty, as I have already stated.
But I call the attention of the House to the fact
that the sitting member never desired to take any
evidence. He never gave any notice whatever to
take testimony fn the case. He never initiated
any steps for the purpose of taking testimony.
He seems to have relied on the statement of his
counsel, who attended and cross-examined all the
witnesses, that he required no testimony. The
testimony taken by the contestant seems to have
passed under the supervision of his counsel, and,
for aught 1 know to the contrary, under his own
supervision. He was satisfied with it. He never
desired to take any evidence, and never gave any
notice that he would. How, then, can he come
before the House and ask that he may take—
what? Supplementary testimony ? There can be
no supplementary testimony where none at all
has been taken. How can the sitting member,
after the lapse of a year, when the first session of
this Congress is more than half expired, when he
never took any testimony in the case, come now
before the House and suspend its proceedings and
delay its action by asking the House to permit
him to take up the remaining days of the session
by taking testimony in the State of Michigan,
and throwing the case over to the last hours of
this Congress? There is no sufficient reason of-
fered in support of such a claim, and I submit to
the intelligent members of the House on all sides
whether such an application can for a moment be
entertained.
But it is alleged by the sitting member that he
was surprised by the examination of a witness on
the part of the contestant, by the name of Edgar.
He proposes to impeach the testimony of that
witness in a general way. The first and most
natural inquiry is, was he surprised? Had he
a legal right to be surprised? 1 call the attention
of the House to the fact that Mr. Cooper had ten
days' notice that the witness Edgar was to be ex-
amined. That notice was served on him ten days
before the time that the witness Edgar was exam-
ined. I also desire to state, in this connection,
that the facts proposed to be proved by the wit-
ness Edgar, the sitting member had ample notice
of, in the specifications contained in the contest-
ant's notice,served on him some two months prior
to that time.
He could not be surprised at the examination of
Edgar; for he had, in the firstplacc, notice of what
was intended to be proved by the witness; and in
the next place, he had specific notice that Edgar
would be examined, ten days before he was ex-
amined.
Twelve months afterwards, the sitting member
comes before the House and proposes to adjourn
the case, on the ground that he has been surprised
by the examination of that witness, and that he
desires to impeachhis character for veracity. There
is no ground for a motion of this character. No
rule known in our courts, no principle ever recog-
nized, I will venture to say, by any judicial tribu-
nal in the country, would justify or sustain so ex-
traordinary a motion. Can this sitting member
take advantage of his own laches after the notice
he has had, and can he come into courtand allege
that he was surprised by the testimony of this
witness, after the lapse of twelve months ? It was
no .after-discovered evidence. I contend that no
court in Christendom would hear a motion for the
reversal of a decree, or to open a judgment, where
a party came forward under such a state of facts.
This application cannot be based on after-discov-
ered evidence, for the sitting member knew, before
the witness Edgar was examined, that ho would
be examined, and had ample notice of the facts
intended to be proved by him. His case would
have had more meritif he had given notice at once
to the contestant, as soon as he heard Edgar's testi-
mony, that he would proceed to impeach his char-
acter, and that he desired an opportunity to do so
If he had immediately given such notice, and had,
without loss of time, proceeded to take the testi-
mony of witnesses to impeach the character of
Edgar, it might not have been a legal step in the
case, but there would have been more merit in his
application for delay, even if the depositions had
been taken one or two days after the sixty daya
provided for in the act of Congress had expired,
and the contestant had objected to its reception on
that ground. We might have been asked to give
further time with more reason if Mr. Cooper haa
proceeded at once to attack the character of the,
witness Edgar.
Permit me to refer briefly to the minoritys-eport
in this case. I will thank gentlemen to turn to
page 35 of the printed report, and read what the
majority of the committee say on this subject. In
answer to the position that Mr. Cooper's appli-
cation would have presented more meritif he had
immediately given Mr. Howard notice of his de-
sire to take testimony to impeach the character
of the witness Edgar, as soon as he had learned
the character of his testimony, the minority say:
" It is claimed, however, on the other side, that Cooper
should have served a notice on Howard, and gone on with
his proof after the expiration of the sixty days, although it
is admitted that such testimony could not have been read
without the contestant's consent. No rule of law can be
found in support of such a position. The law never re-
quires any litigant to take testimony which it is incompe-
tent to read without the consent of the adverse party. No
authenticated case can be found in support of such a posi-
tion, and it is difficult to imagine the reason on which such
a rule could rest."
This minority report is signed by J. W. Ste-
venson, Lucius J. Gartrell, JohnA. Gilmer,
and William W. Boyce, honorable and learned
members of the House. They take the ground
that no " authenticated case" can be found in sup-
port of the position embraced in the majority re-
port. Now, I will refer the honorable gentlemen
who take this position to a majority report made
by at least some of these gentlemen, and sustained
by the action of this House. I am sure that gen-
tlemen on that side will consider it an " authentic
case," however much disposed I may be to dis-
sent from the views there expressed. The case
I refer to is that of Vallandigham against Camp-
bell. I will now turn to that case, and show what
the majority said there, remarking that the report
was made by Mr. J. W. Stevenson, Mr. Har-
ris, Mr. Lamar, and Mr. J. V.Wright. I refer
to volume 1 of the Reports of Committees, first
session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, report 50,
page 2, for my authority on this point. I read
from the report of the majority:
" Your committee are of opinion that if either party to a
case of contested election should desire further time, and
Congress should not be then in session, he should give no-
tice to the opposite party, and proceed to take testimony,
and present the same and ask that it be received, and upon
good reason being shown, it would doubtless be allowed;
but it seems too much to grant, in this case, for either or
the reasons stated. It is now upwards of fifteen months
since the election, and nearly one half of the term of ser-
vice has elapsed, and it is due to every interest concerned
that the rights m dispute should be settled."
That is my authority for the position embodied
in the report of the majority. It is the gentle-
men's own medicine. They must not complain
if I place the chalice to their own lips. That re-
port was sustained by the action of this House,
and has gone into the congressional reports; and
the committee say that more merit might be
claimed for a party who promptly proceeded, out-
side of the sixty days, to give notice and take
testimony, because, if the contestant objected to
it, the party might show hardship and surprise,
and ask the House to allow him further time.
But in this case Mr. Cooper did nothing. He
did not apply for further time. He desired time
simply to procure counsel, and it was granted him;
and he came before the committee in the position
and with the understanding that ho was ready to
proceed with his cause. His application rests on
his laches alone. The case of Vallandigham and
Campbell, in which Mr. Campbell asked for fur-
ther time, but which was refused him by the com-
mittee and by the House, was a much stronger
case than this. In that case time was prayed for
by the sitting member for two reasons: he was
attending to his public duties in Washington; and
in the second place, the notice served by the con-
testant covercd the whole period of sixty days re-
quiring the attention of his counsel at various
points, and preventing his proceeding to take tes-
timony in his own case. But although these
