3196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Ham A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Jones, Keitt, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Lahdnim,Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, James
Leach, Leake, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, McOueen, McKae, Millson, Sydenham Moore,
Morse, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Reagan, Rice, Riggs,
Ruffin,'Sedgwick, William Smith, William N. H. Smiih,
Stanton, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thea-
ker, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Webster. Wilson, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—100.
NAYs—Messrs..Aldrieh, William 0- Anderson, Babbitt,
Bcale, Samuel S. Blair, Brabson, Brayton, Campoell, Car-
ter, Case, Cobb, Corivin, Covode, Duell, Etheridge, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Florence, Gilmer, Grow, Hale, Hall, Hel-
mick, Hoard, Junkin, Kenyon, Kllgore, Killinger, Lee,
Longnecker, "Marston, McKcau, McKnight, MePhcrson,
Mlllward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Nelson, Nixon, Pahner, Pettit, Porter, Potter,
Quarter, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Spauldmg, Spinner,
Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Tliayer,
Tompkins, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells, and Wood-
ruff—65.
. So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Wood.
Mr. BURCH announced that Mr. Scott had
paired off with Mr. Hickman on this vote. If
Mr. Scott had been present he would have voted
"ay."
Mr. ASHLEY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Vallandigham, or he would have voted
" no."
Messrs. STEVENSON and NIBLACK stated
that if they had been within the bar when their
names were called they would have voted " ay."
RrVElt AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the rules be suspended to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of bill of the House
No. 113, making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors and rivers, to enable the
House to consider the same at this time, and to
dispense with a separate vote on the various items
of said bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I make the point of order
that the latter clause of that motion is not in order.
It is two motions in one. The right to call for a
separate vote upon each item docs not accrue
until thobill is before the House, and is upon its
engrossment and third reading. The point of
order which I make is, that the gentleman can
only move to suspend so much of the rules as
stand in the way of the introduction of the bill,
and cannot make a motion to suspend the 151st
rule any more than he could move to suspend the
rule which £ives a right to any member to move
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My motion
is to suspend all the rules.
Mr. BRANCH. All the rules which stand in
the way of the introduction of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of the
Sftge of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the point
of order against the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, because this is a motion to suspend the rules
—that is, to suspend all the rules.
Mr. BRANCH. If the Chair will, refer to the
151-st rule, he will find that one fifth of the mem-
bers present arc authorized to call for a separate
vote on the different items of the bill, and this is
an attempt, by a two-thirds vote, to deprive one
fifth of that right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will observe
that that is when we are actinsr under the rules.
But the proposition now is to suspend the rules,
to get clear of them. That is the point of differ-
ence between the gentleman and the Chair. If
we were to be under the rules, he would be right,
but we want to do a little business without the
rules.
Mr. BRANCH. Would the Chair hold that
the gentleman might embrace in his proposition
a suspension of the rule which authorizes me or
any other member to move to lay the biH upon
the table?
The SPEAKER. Yes, the Chair supposes that
can be done.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say one word. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] with-
drew his motion to suspend the rules to enable
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Da.vis] to sub-
: pas-
mit another motion to suspend the rules, and there
seemed to be an understanding that when that
was disposed of, he should have a direct vote on
his motion. I "hope, therefore, that the motion
for a call of the House will be withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
the express understanding.
The question was taken on Mr. Reagan's mo-
tion; and it was disagreed to.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
burne's motion to suspend the rules; and there
were—yeas 105, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, IJeale, Bingham,
Samuel S. Blait, Blake, Boultgny, Brayton, Brij-tow, But'-
finton, Burch, Burlinjjame, Buiuhain, Butterfield, Camp-
bell, Carey, Cartel, Case, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, H.Win-
ter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot,
Etheridgc, Farn-worth, FYiry, Florence, Foster, Fouke,
French,Gilmer,Cooeh, Graham, Grow, Guiley,Hale, Il.xll,
J. Morrison Harris, Hehmek, William A. Howard, Hum-
phrey, Hutehins, Junkm, William Kollogs, Kenyon. Kll-
gore, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Mallory, Marion, McKean, Mc-
Knight, MePheison, Mlllward, Laban T. Mooie, Moor-
head, Edward Joy Morris, Mon>c, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer,
Perry, Pettit. Porter, Potter, Uice, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Scraiiton, Sedgwick, tfheiman,Monies, Spauhlmg,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewait, Strntton, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkin*, Train, Tumble, Vandever,
Verri'C3 Wade, Walton, Cadwaladei C. Wa>hburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Webster, Wells, and
Wood i ufK—UF>.
NAYri — Me-sis. Allen, Ashniore, Avery, Baiksdalc,
B.irr, Boeoek, Bouham, Bojee, Brub^on, Bianeli, Burnett,
Clopton, (Jobb, <,'ox, Button Craige, Ci awloid, Ouiry,John
G. Davis, DeJainette, Dimmtck, Edmund-on, English,
Garnott, Gartrell, Hamilton, John T. llains, Hoard. Hous-
ton, William Howard, Jone-, Kent, Lanthum, Leake,
Love, M.ielay, Elbert S. Martin, Aluynard, MeCiueen, Mc-
Kae, Million, Sydenham Mooio, Motrin, Nihlaek, Pejton,
Phelps, Pugh, Uuarles, Jleagan, Kiggs lluthn, William
Smith, Stevenson, James A. fcjtewaitj Stokes, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Van Wyck, Woodson, and
Wright—61.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WILSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Lamar, or he would have voted "ay."
Mr. WINDOM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, or lie would have
voted "ay."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missomi, announced that he
had paiied off with Mr. Clark, of Missouri.
JEPJFEltSON AND NEVADA LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Hou.se to report from the Committee on
Public Lands certain bills for the creation of land
districts, i will say to the IXou^e, that the bills
ate precisely alike it) their provisions. 1 ask that
one of them may be read.
The bill to constitute the land districts of Jef-
ferson and Nevada was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
Mr. THAYER. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mi. CRAIGE, of Noi th Carolina, called for the
yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bair, Ftaneis P. Blair, Blake,
Rouhgny, Hiayton, Biistow, IJurelt, Catey, Caiter, Coliax,
Covode, Cox, Davidson, John G. Davis, lJutumck, Duell,
Dunn, English, Etheridge, Ferry, Florenee, Fostei, Fouke,
Hale. Hoard, William Howard, Humphrey, Hiitehm*«, Jnu-
kin, kilgote, Killinger, Larrabee, Longnecker, Love, Mae-
lay, Mallory, McKnight, MePbor-on, Mlllward,Moorhead,
Edward Jo> Morris, NcUoii,Nihlaek, Nixon, Porter, iligrrs,
Christopher Robinson, Koyee, Seranton, Sherman, Some^,
Spiniict, William Stewart, Stratum, T< \ lor, Thayer, Trim-
ble, Vandever, Wade, and Woodmtl—(>1.
NAYS—Messrs. Charl(\s,F. Adams Green Adams, Alley,
Wilham C. Anderson, Aslunoie, Avery, Bark«da]e, Bcale,
Bonhant, Boyce, Brabson, Bufiinton, Biulmgume, Burnett,
Bumham, Campbell, Clopton,Cobb,Curwm, Burton Ciame,
Cuuvt'ord, Curry, li. Winter Davis, Dawes, De Jainette,
Delano, Edmundson, Ehot, Ganiett, Gartrell, Glow, Har-
deman, John T. Hams, Hatton, Helmiek, Hill, Houston,
William A. Howard, Jones, Keitt, Kenjon, Landrum, De
WittC. Leach, James M. Leach, Leake, Loomis, Mamon,
Maynard, Mckean, McQueen, MeRae, Mdes, Millson,
Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Ohn, Peiry,
Petut, Peyton, Potter, Pugh, Uuarles, Reagan, Kufl'm,
Sedgwick, Singleton,Wdham Smith,William N. II. Smith,
Spauldmg, Stallwoith, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Stokes, Tappan, Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins,
Underwood, Vance, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wa&hburn, Wells, Wilson,
and Wright—91.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
voting therefor.) ♦
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BLAlR, of Missouri, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Clark, of Missouri, on all
political qxtestions, but that an arrangement had
been made by which he could vote upon this ques*-
tion.
Mr. MORSE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Wood,otherwise he would have voted "no."
Mr. WILSON said lie had paired with Mr.
Lamar, but as they would Vote the same way on
this question* he would record his vote against
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURCH said his colleague, Mr. Scott,
had paired with Mr. Windom.
Mr. FRANK stated that he had paired with
Mr. Reynolds.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that he was
against the bill, but had paired with Mr. Web-
ster.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Patton, one of their Clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate have passed a bill of this
House for the relief of Hockaday and Ltggit.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to the bill of the
House making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861;
that they ask a committee of conference on the
said bill; and have appointed Messrs. Mallory,
Uigler, and Hamlin-, as such committee on their
part.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous
consent, the House insisted on theii disagreement
to the amendments of the Senate to the naval
appropriation bill; agreed to their request for a
committee of conference; and appointed Messrs.
Morse, Winslow, and Adams of Massachusetts,
as such committee on the part of the House.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the consent of the
House to take up Senate bill No. 104, for the final
adjustment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and
for other purposes. I will say that tins bill was
objected to the other day by Mr. Rust, of Ar-
kansas. Since that time he lias examined the
bill, and is satisfied it ought to pass. Bills involv-
ing the. same principles precisely have passed this
House in thirty-two different cases.
There beins: no objection, the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill taken up for consideration.
The bill was read in extenso.
The amendments reported by the Committee
on Private Land Chums were agreed to.
Mr. DAVIDSON called for the previous ques-
tion on the thud reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays
on its passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The hill was then passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFIRMATION OP LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. COBB, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 44) confirming certain land
entries under the third section of the act of 3d
March, 1855, entitled " An act making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the30th June,
1856," reported that the committee, having met,
after a full and free conference, had agreed to rec-
•ommend to their respective Houses as follows:
To amend the said bill by inserting on line four,
page 2, after the word "entries,"" upon paying
$1 25 per acre for the land embraced in such pat-
ent."
And the committee also agree to the amend-
ment of the House with the above amendment,
and recommend the concurrence of the Senate in
the House amendment, and that the bill, with the
amendment recommended by the committee, be
passed
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask my colleague
whether the bill repeals the law in relation to these
fraudulent land entries?
