2252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
world, can the same service be secured at so low
a rate? Nowhere.
Mr. PHELPS. I have an answer for that.
This matter was considered by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. The Seriate pro-
posed to allow four dollars per message, the start-
ing point to be fixed some place west .of the Mis-
sissippi river.
Mr. CLARIv, of New York. Without nam-
ing it.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir; they deemed that
sufficient. Now it is proposed to shorten the dis-
tance some four hundred miles, by fixing the
starting point at St. Joseph, and the same com-
pensation is proposed to be given them. If it be
in order to submit it, I move to amend by fixing
upon St. Louis, instead of St. Joseph, as the start-
ing point. Is it m order?
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to yield me the floor a moment.
Mr. PIIELPS. I must decline, until I learn
whether this amendment is in order, and whether
it is received.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri allow me to speak in his time?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 will hear the gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state that the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
though apparently an excellent one, will be fatal
to the bill; because the charge now from St. Louis
to St. Joseph is over one dollar for a message;
while upon the other side, from Genoa to San
Francisco, it is two dollars; so that upon the two
finished portions they get three dollars for a
message. Now, is it likely that they will build
the two thousand additional intervening miles,
between Genoa and the Missouri frontier, with-
out additional compensation over what they now
receiver I am willing to accept an amendment
suggested by the gentleman from St. Louis, [Mr.
Barrett,] that the line shall commence at some
point upon the west Hue of the State of Missouri.
If I supposed that the telegraph line would be
built under it, I would be willing to accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. That is, you admit that the
line can be built upon better terms than those
contained in thus bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Just the very reverse
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman fiom Mis-
souii speaks ot a company having built this line
of telegraph four hundred miles. Now, I want
to impress one fact upon this House, m connec-
tion with the corporation named ni this lull. Un-
der the present system of telegraphing in this
country, all of your lines of telegraphs are under
the control of the corporators named m this bill;
and I wish to tell you of the mode and manner
by which these lines of telegraph prevent com-
petition. These companies have agreed among
themselves that they will prevent competition by
other parties who may build lines of telegraphs.
They agree that, in ease, other companies build
lines of telegraphs between points which their
own lines connect, they will reduco the rate of
charges so long as the competing line continues
in existence, so as to destroy and prevent all com- I
petition. I
Now, I made a statement m this House in refer- j
ence to a line of telegraph which was being built j
without any aid of the Government whatever. 1 '
wish to refer to it again, and I ask the Clerk to
read a notice of that line, showing the purposes
for which it is made. Before you get this line
which you propose to build by Government aid
fairly under way, you will have a connection
made by the company mentioned in that notice.
The Clerk read, as follows:
?t. Lotus. Sa.ti'rd*.y. Jlpril 7, JSGO.
The California tWejfiaph line, via the Burteitioid over-
land mail route, extended to SprnisiieJcI, Mjs^ouu,
eighteen miles bejund Meloy's station, yesterday, and a.
huge force of men are at wmk pu«hin!* it foiw.ird to Foit
Smith, on the southwestern border ot'Aikansas. Advices
from California by the last mail ante th.it the line on That
side is beui<r rapidly extended from Fresno City this way,
and it is expected it will reach Los Angeles by the Lst of
July; thence to Fori Yumait will be built with all possible
tfpecd. WilhtflesrupiiiocommumcatHm to Fort Smith on
thin side, and Los Angeles on the other, it will be very
easy Tor the ma.l company to reduce the time between
New Yoih and San Francisco to tea days, as the roads
between the ih>-t-named points wilt admit of very rapid
traveling. The tariff from St. Louis to Springfield, Mis-
souri, is seventy cents for the first ten word*., and seven
cents for each additional word
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to propose an amend-
ment to the*amendment offered by the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. Myamendmentis notin order.
Mr. REAGAN. 3 wish to suggest it: and per-
haps I may have an opportunity to get it in. In-
stead of adopting the words "from St. Joseph,
Missouri," I would propose, in lieu of those
words: " to start from such point upon the Mis-
sissippi river as said company shall select." I
know of no particular reason why the amendment
to the original bill should limit the company pro-
posed to be chartered by this bill to a particular
point. I suppose the object will be to secure that
route upon which the line can be constructed most
cheaply, and which can connect most readily with
the balance of the telegraphing system of the
United States. If the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Kentucky shall be adopted,
it will leave the contractors to bid for the route.
I prefer that they shall be left free to select their
own route. Let thom begin where they please
upon the Mississippi river. If it be along the
upper Mississippi, all well; or if it be from St.
Louis, all well; if it be from New Orleans, all
well. At all events, leave the company free to
select the route over which the telegraph line can
be constructed most cheaply and easily, at the
same time looking to the general advantage of the
company and of the country.
If it is not intended by this legislation to secure
spceial favoritism to a particular monopoly; if the
good of the country, and that only, js desired—
and that consideration should control our action
upon every one of these bills—upon no principle
of equity and fair-dealing can you refuse to allow
the company to select the point of beginning upon
the Mississippi river where their own interests
may dictate, and where cheapness of communica-
tion and the case and facility of keeping; the line
up would seem to demand that it should start.
There can bo no doubt in the mind of any one
acquainted with the topogrnphy of the country
from the Mississippi to the Pacific, that there is
one line upon which a telegraph can bo built in-
finitely cheaper than one could be built from St.
Joseph westward over the rugged range of the
Rocky Mountains. 1 do not wish to have the
company fotced there unless they prefer it; there-
fore I (rust, for the intcK'.st of the whole country,
as well as for the interest of the company, that
my amendment will he adopted.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 have only a few remark-* to
make in reference to this hill, f suppose there
is no section of the country \\ hioh is moi e deeply
and directly interested iti the passage of the bill
than the State which f, in part, represent. Now,
it seems to me, as 1 just remarked to a friend upon
my left, as if all these local difficulties between
St. Joseph and St. Louis, and all the other Saints
of Missouri, had got to come in h'-re and tack on
amendments in such a way as will insure the de-
feat of the bill. I look upon thin mnUer m no
inferior light. 1 lnokup<m this matter as a great
national undertaking. 1 do not intend to reply
to all the objections that have boon made and all
the amendments suggested to-day. I want to
ask members, acting m then- representative capa-
city, and with no axes to grind, whether they will
not sustain this bill on its merits, on its national-
ity, and on the benefits to the Union that are to
acciue from it.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, has the morning
hour expired 5
The SPEAKER It has.
Mr. GROW". Then I move to proceed to the,
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS. If my amendment is to becn-
tertaincd, I desire to modify it by fixingthe eastern
terminus of the line at some point on the western
bank of the Mississippi river.
Mr. COLFAX. I will acccpt the suggestion
modified so as to read the western line of the State
of Missouri.
Mr. SCOTT. Have not I the floor?
Mr. GROW. This business will come up to-
morrow morning.
Mr. COLFAX.. I hope the motion to go to the
business on the Speaker's tabic will be voted
down. Let this matter be disposed of to-day, so
that other committees may have the morning hour
hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has a right to take the floor for that
motion. The gentleman from California will be
entitled to the floor when this business is taken
up again. That is the rule.
Mr. BURNETT. What is the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. To proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. STOUT I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BURCH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Q,uarles
and Juntkin were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 88, noes 38.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
proceeded to the business on thy Speaker's table.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the motion to reconsider the vote whereby
House bill No. 22, to prevent the sale of the pub-
he lands, except to actual settlers, for ten years
after the same shall have been surveyed, was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The bill was read. It enacts that from and after
the passage of the act, no public lands shall be ex-
posed to sale by proclamation of the Piesident,
unless the same shall have been surveyed, and
the return of such survey duly filed m the Land
Office for ten years or more before such sale; pro-
vided, however, that whenever the President shall
ascertain that any township or townships of the
public lands are mineral, or pine-timbered lands,
he may, at his discretion, proclaim such town-
ship or townships of land for sale, as now pro-
vided by taw.
Mr. GROW By the existing land laws, the
pubhclands, after the Indian title is extinguished,
arc surveyed under direction of the Land Office;
and then the President can, at any time after the
return of survey, issue his proclamation expos-
ing to public sale any of the lands surveyed; at
which sale any person can purchase such quan-
tity as he pleases at $1 25 per acre. And all lands
not sold on the day or days of sale as advertised,
are then subject to private entry at $1 2~> per acre.
Before the day of sale fixed m the President's
proclamation, all the settlers on the land offered
must prove up their preemption and pay for their
land, otherwise it is sold to any one who will
pay $1 S2.5 per acre. This bill makes no change
m existing land laws, except to prevent their
being exposed to public sale until they have been
surveyed ten years; the eilect of which would be
to confine all sales for that period of time to actual
settlers under the existing preemption laws.
1 call the previous question on the reconsidera-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
mam question orderrd; and under its operation
the vote referring the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was reconsidered.
Mr. GROW. I now demand tho previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
Mi. MAYNARD. I should like to know
whether the bill is actually engrossed?
Mr. GROW. Oh, yes; it is engrossed.
The SPEAKER. There has been no order of
that kind made yet.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. REAGAN called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Charles F. Adam?, Adrain, Aldrich,
Alley, Babbitt, Barr, JJeale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biay-
ton, Zitiniuton, ISuinhdin, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey,
Caiter, Ca-e. TJejace F. Clark, Claik 13. Coehrane. John
Cochiane, Colfax, Conklmj*, Covode, II. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etherldge,
, Fenton, Feirv, Florence, Foster, Frank. Fiench, Gooeh,
! Giaham, Grow, J. Morrison Hariis, Ha^kin, Helmicis,
i floaid, Holman, William Howard, William A. JIow-
; ard, Humphrey, Ilutchins, Junkin, France W. Kellogg,
