1860.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kilgore, KilHnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Love-
joy, Maclay, Marston, Charles D. Martin, McKnight, Mc-
Pherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
Nixon,Olin, Perry, Pettit, Porter,Potter, Pottle,Reynolds,
Rice, Christopher Robinson, Koyce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spinner, William Stewart,
Strauon, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyek, Verrec, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Elllhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
a d Woodiuft'—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, William C. An-
derson, Ashmore, Avery, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Bote-
ler, (Joyce, Biabson, Bristow, Burch, Burnett, John B.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, James Craig, Ciav/ford, Curry, John
G. Davis, J3c Jarnette, Edmundson, Fouke, Gartrell, Gil-
mer, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. liartis, Hatton, Haw-
kins, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jenkins, James M. Leach,
Love, Mavnai'd, McQueen, McRae, Millson, Montgomery,
Lahan T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Noel!, Peyton,
Phelps,, Piyor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C.
Robinson, Ruffin, Ru^t, Simins, Singleton, William N. H.
Smith, Stallwouh, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas. Under-
wood, Vance. Webster, Winslow, and Wright—67,
So the bill was passed
During the vote,
Mr. LANDRUM stated thathe was paired with
Mr. Hale till to-morrow; otherwise he should
have voted " no."
Mr. WOODSON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Farnsworth; otherwise he should have
voted " no.99
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Stevens,
of Pennsylvania, was paired with Mr. Jones.
Mr. STANTON, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected.
Mr. STANTON. I would have voted "ay."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, made a similar re-
quest.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I wish to
state that I should have voted " ay."
Mr. JACKSON made a similar request.
Objection was made.
Mr. JACKSON. I should have voted "no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BOTELER. I find that, in the vote on the
final passage of the homestead bill yesterday, my .
name lias been omitted, unintentionally, of course.
I voted against that measure, and I desire that the
record shall show that fact, as I am, and expect
always to be, theoretically and practically opposed
to it.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Mr. James Buchanan, his Private Secretary.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
ftusppndcd, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask thegentleman from Ohio
to let us take a vote on the Military Academy
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. To-day and to-morrow arc
the only days this week that we can possibly de-
vote to the appropriation bills; and I hope we
will go into committee and take them up.
Mr. REAGAN. We will move the previous
question on this bill, and there will be no debate
on it. We are anxious to have it disposed of. It
is a matter of great importance.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is to be simply a
vote upon it, and no debate, I will give way.
The House thereupon took up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House concurred
in the following amendments to the Military
Academy bill:
Insert us additional sections:
Sec. 9. JinS be it further enacted, That the following
sums he, and the same are lieieby, appropuated, out of any
mwiiey in the Treasury not otnetwise appropuated, for the
suppottofone regiment of Texas mounted volunteers, au-
tliouzed by the act of Congress approved April 7, 1858:
For legular supplies of tne quaitermaster's department:
fuel, forage, straw, and stationery, $100,000.
For incidental expenses of the quaiteimaster's depart- ;
ment: for blacksmiths' and shoeing tools horee and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel, horse medicines, picket
ropes, shoeing hoi&es, and miscellaneous, $5,000.
For transportation ofsupphes, transportation of clothing,
camp and garrison equipage, ordnance, subsistence, quar-
termaster's and medical stores; for the purchase of mules,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, and for the hire of
teamsters, $130,000.
For clothing, cjjmp, and garrison equipage, $30,000.
For subsistence in kind, $-76,466.
For pay of the volunteers, $358,979 33.
For arms and their appropriate accouterments, (exclusive
of horse equipments,) §58,946 70.
Sec. 3. *And be it further enacted, That the money hereby
appropriated, or any part thereof, shall not he withdrawn
fiom thcTreasury unless the Pretidentof the United States
shall be of opinion that the exigencies of the public service
in Texas require the calling out of the regiment as afore-
said.
Mr. REAGAN moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded*, and the
main question ordered; which was on the recon-
sideration of the vote.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and riays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Bray-
ton, Bnfiinton, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey,
Cartel, Colfax, Conkhng, Burton Craige, II. Winter Davis?,
Dawes, Duel!, Edgerton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Fetiy, Foster, Fiank, French, Gooch, Giahatn, Grow, Hel-
mick, Hickman, Hoaid, William A. Howard, Humphrey,
Ilutchms, Junkin, Kilgore, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejov, Mars ton, McKnight,
McPherson, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill,
Edwaid Joy Morris?, Mor.se, Olin, Perry, Pettit, Poiter, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Reynolds, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Stanton, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Thayer, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vatidever, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodruff—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Thomas L. Anderson, Asbmore,
Avery, Barr, Bairett, Bococlc, Bonham, B'oteler, Boyce,
Brabson, Bianch, Bnggs, Bristow, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, James Craig,
Crawfoid, Curry, John G. Davis, i>e Jarnette, Edmundson,
Ethertdge, Florence, Fouke, Gartr«'il, Hamilton, Harde-
man, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Ilarns, Hatton, Ilawkms,
Hill, Ilolman, Houston, William Howard, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Keitt, James M. Loach, Love, Charles D. Martin,
Maynaid, McQueen, McRae, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Mori is, Ni'lj-on, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Piyor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson,
RuHin,Sehwaitz, Scott, Sim lib, Singleton. William Smith,
William N. 11. Smith, Stalhvoith, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, and
Wnght—77
So the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. STANTON moved the previous question
on concurring in the Senate amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. REAGAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. REAGAN. Is it too late to ask a call of
the House?
The SPEAKER. It is; the main question hav-
ing been ordered.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I move to adjourn, and
call for the yeas and nays on that motion, in order
to give members who are absent time to come in.
Mr. STANTON. I think that that sido-of the
House is fuller than this.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 12, nays 150; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buiton Craige, Crawfoid, JohnG. Davis,
Jackson, Knit, Kunkcl, Love, Maclay, McQueen, Meltac,
Push, ami Thoma<—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
lain. Aldnch. Alley,Thomas L. Anderson, WilliamC. An-
derson, Ashmore, Avery, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Bocock, Bonham, Botdci, Boyce, Biabson, Branch,
Bia\ ion,Bng^s, Bristow, Bufimton, Buich, Burnett, Burn-
bam, Butteiheld, Campbell, Cai ey, Carter, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Conkhng, Covode, Cox, James Ciaig, Curry, I-I. Winter
Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, EdvvauN, Ehot, Ely, Etlieudge, Fenton, Ferry,
Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gartrell, Gilmer, Gooch,
Giahatn, Giow, Hardeman, JIa>kin, Iiatton, Hawkins,
Ilelmirk, Hickman, Hill, Hoaid, Holmari, Houston, Wil-
liam Ilowaul, William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey,
Hurehiris, Jenkins, Junkm, Iulgmo, Kilhnger, DeWitt C.
Leacli. James- M. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis Love-
joy, Charles D. Mmtm, Maynaid, McKnight, McPherson,
Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Mooihead, Morrill,
Edward JovMorris, Morse, Nel on, Noell, Olin, Pendleton,
Pony. Pett'it, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pottle, 1'iyoi,
Quailcs. Reagan, lte\ nold>, llice, llicgs, Christopher Rob-
inson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Rulfin, Sclnvaita. Scott,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sheitnan, Sickles. Simms, Spinner,
Stallworth, Ktunton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes,
Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Trimble, Under-
wood, Vance, Van W\ck, Veiiee. Wado, Walton, Israel
Wa^bbuin, Wells, Windom, Winslow. Woodruff, and
Wnght—100.
So the House refused to adjourn
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 81, nays 93; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Asbmore, Avery,
Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boteier, Boyce, Brabson,
Branch, Bnggs, Bristow, Burch, Burnett, John. B. Clark,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, James Craig,; Craw-
ford, Curry, John G, Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson,
Etnendge, Florence, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton, Harde-
man, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, HoJman,
Houston, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Keittj Kunkel, Lamar, James M. Leach, LoVe, Charles D.
Martin, Maynard, McQueen,McRae,Montgomery, Syden-
ham Moore, Isaac N. Mortis, Nelson, Noell, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phulps, Pryorf Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs,
James C. Robinson, Ruffm, Rust, Schwartz,Scott, Simms,
Singleton, William N. H. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson,
James A, Stewart, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vance,
Winslow, and Wright—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Al-
ley, William C.Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham,Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burnham, Butterfield, Camp-
bell, Carey, Carter, Colfax, Conkhng, Covode, Burton
Craige, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Eliot. Ely, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch,
Graham, Grow, Haskln, Ilelmick, Hickman, Hoard, Wil-
liam A. Howard, Humphrey, Jlutchins, Junkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, Kilgore, Ktliinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight, McPherson,
Millson, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
Olin, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Porter, Pottle, Reynolds, nice,
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Somes, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Stokes,
Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Ellihu B. Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom,
and Woodruff—93.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
Mr. CARTER, during the call of the roll,
stated that he voted "no" for the,purpose of hav-
ing the bill referred to a committee of conference.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
James Buchanan, his Private Secretary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate insisted on their amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to the consular and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill; asked for a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses; and had appointed Messrs. Pearce, .
Fessenden, and Gwin managers of said confer-
ence on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate to the deficiency bill;and had receded from
their fourth and eighth amendments to said bill,
disagreed to by the House.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN moved for the appointment
of a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the consular and dip-
lomatic bill.
The motion was agreed to
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the general
debate on the legislative, judicial, and executive
appropriation bili,m the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, close in five minutes
after the committee shall resume the considera-
tion of the same.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I warrt to
have some understanding in relation to my right
to the floor. I had the floor when the committee
rose on Saturday last. I understand now that
the gentleman proposes to limit the general de-
bate to five minutes. Now, I do not want to be
deprived of my right to the iloor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I spoke to the gentleman
from Maryland, and he saia thathe would be will-
ing to take the floor when next the committee re-
sumed the general debate, and would not inter-
fere with the passage of the bill now before the
committee.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. With that
understanding, I have no objection to the gentle-
man's motion.
Mr. Sherman's motion was agreed to.
CAPTURED AFRICANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous conscnt, laid
before the House the following message from th«
President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith the copy of a letter dated
yesterday, from the Secretary of the Interior
communicating the copy of a letter addressed to
him on the 13th instant, by Fernando J.Moreno,
marshal of the southern district of Florida. From
