1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3197
Mr. COBB. It does.
The question was taken, and the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. THEAKER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of House bill No. 71, to re-
duce the compensation of members of Congress.
Mr. BURCH and others objected.
Mr. THEAKER. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BRABSON. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays. I hope the rules will be sus-
pended.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr.THEAKER. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays. 1 want to see how many gentlemen
who profess to be so very economical, will place
themselves upon the record in favor of economy
when it applies to tl^mselves. [Cries of "Order!
and laughter.]
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
having voted therefor.)
MOSES MEEKEIt.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar from House bill No. 341, for the relief
of Moses Meeker.
Mr. THEAKER. I object. ,
Mi. WASHBURN, of'Wisconsin. I move
to suspend the rules.
The biil was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to ascertain, as in the case of John
P. B. and llemy Giatiot, what amount, if any,*|:,
of rent was exacted by the United States agentsr
of lead mines from Moses Meeker for lead mined
and smelted upon the lands of the Ottawa, Potta-
watomie, Chippewa, Winnebago, or other tribes
of Indians, prior to the purchase thereof by the
United States, and pay such amount as may be
legally proved to have been actually paid by
Moses Meeker to such agents of the United States
to Moses Meeker, or bis legal representatives.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. I really hope the
gentleman from Wisconsin will not attempt to
put through such a bill as that without debate.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I can hardly sup-
pose that the gentleman will insist on the consid-
eration of his bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, I do;
and I move that there be a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weio ordered.
The question wa*s taken; and it was decided in
the negative-—yeas 84, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Mcss-rs. Cluulcs F. Adams, Aldrieh, William C.
Anderson. J>arr, Dinsham, Fiancis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Boyee, Brayton, Buffinton, Burch, Burlm-
game, Buinham. Butteifield, Campbell, Caiter, Ca>e, Col-
fax, Corwin, Davidson, Daww, Delano, Dimmick, Duoll,
Dunn, Eliot, Etheridgc, Farnsworth, Ferry, Florence, Fos-
ter, lrouke, Fiauk, Giovv, Gurlev, Hale, J. Moirison Hariis,
Ileimick, William Howard, Francis W. Kellojrg, Kcnyon,
Kilgore, Larrabeo. DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, May-
naid, MeKean. Millw.ird, Laban T. Mooie, Moorhead,
Mot so. Nel>on, Niaou. Olin, Palmet, Periy, Pettit, Potter,
Bice. Cbu^topher Robinson, Rovoo, Scott, Reranton, Sedg-
wick. Spinuei, William Stewatt, Sttatton,Tappan, Thayer,
Thcakei, Tompkins Yandevei, Verree, Wade, Walton,
Cadwalador C. Washburn, Ellihu D. Wa.^hburnc, Israel
Washburn, Well., WiNon.and Woodruff—83.
NAYS —Messrs. A^hmoie, Avery, Baik-dalc. Beale,
Bocook, Bonh.un, Boteh-i, Branch, IJngg*, Bn&tow, Bui-
nett. Clopton, Cobb, Ciiiwfoid, Cmry, John (* T)avi:;,
Edmund.-on, Edward*. Encli^li, Garnett, Gartrell, Harde-
man, John T. Hams Hatton, Hill, Houston, Jones, Kent,
Kilhiijrer. Leake, T.ovc, Maclay. Malloiy, Elbeit S. Mar-
tin, MeKnisht, McPheisoa. McQueen, IMcIlae, Miles, Mill-
son, Sydenham Moon.1, Niblaek, Peyton, Porter, Pugh,
Quailes, Reagan, Ruffhi, Sherman, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, Ste-
ven-.. James A. Stewait, Stokes, Thomas, Trimble, Under-
denvood, and Vanee—Gl.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
BOOK-FOLDERS.
Mr. BABBITT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives be, and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of the con-
tingent fund, to each of the book-folders appointed by the
Domkecpei, $2 SO perday for every day winch such book-
folder may have been employed in folding books, or m at-
tendance  eady to do any folding that might be wanted, out
of which hhall be deducted whatever s-unw. shall have been
paid to such book-folders on said account rdkpcctively; the
number of day*, and the amount due in each case, to be
a&ceitaiued and certified by the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr, BABBITT. I move a suspension of the
rules, in order that I may be enabled to get the
resolution in.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BABBITT. I ask leave to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not object, if the other
side can be heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the whole thing.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 8G, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—MesMt-. Alley, Ashmore, Avery, BarksdaJe,
Bair, Bonham, Boteler, Boyce, Branch, Brigus, Brif-tow,
Bufnnton, Buieh, Buinett, Campbell, Caitei," Iloiacc F.
Claik, Clopton, Cobb, Coltax, Ciawfoid, Curry, Davidson,
John G. Davis, Dawes, Dimmick,Edwaids Eliot, English,
Floienee, Fouke, Gainett, Gaitiell. Gooeh, Grow, Hale,
Hall, Hardeman, John T. Ilarns, Ilelmiek, Houston, Wil
ham Ilowaid, William A. Howaul, Hughes, Jones, Wil
ham Kellogg, Landrum, Larrabee, Leake, Love, Maclay,
Mallory, Klbeit S. Mailin, McQueen, Mcllae. Miles, Mill-
son, Sydenham Moore, Mooihead, Morrill, tfiblaek, Olin,
Periy, Peyton, Phelps, Pugh, lteagan, Rigg^, Chrotopher
Robinson, Jluflin, Sheunan, Sickles, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stalhvorth, James A. Stew-
art, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Tiatn, Undeivvood. Israel
VVashbntii, Webster, Woodiuff, and Wright—86.
NAYS—Mes.sr .Green Adams, Aldricli, William C. An-
derson, Beale, Bingham, Blake,, Brayton, Burliiigame,
Burnhairi, Butterfieitl, Carey, Covodi:, Cuius, H. Winter
Davis, Delano, Dunn, Ktherulue, F.nn-woitb, Feiry, Fos-
ter, Gilmer, Giaham, Ilatton, Hoard, Mnmplney, Kcnyon,
DeWitt (J. Loach, J.unc-> M. Leach, Lee, Looinis, Mckean,
McICuight, MoPheis-on, Milhvaid, Laban T Mooio, Nel-
son, Ni\on. Palmer, Pettit, i'ortei, Potter, Quatlos Uojce,
Seranton, Sedgw ick, Some:-, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Tajipan,Tha\ er, Tom^
kin«-, Trimble, Vanee. \andevei, Van Wjek. Veiree,
Wade, Walton, Ellihu B. Wa^hbuine, Wells, and Wil-
son—G5.
So the rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. SPINNER inquired whether the resolu-
tion would be open to amendment if the rules
were suspended.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Grow in the
chair) stated that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania would then have the floor, and might call
the previous question.
Mr. SPINNER then stated that he would vote
in the negative.
Mr. BINGHAM, Mr. SHERMAN, and Mr.
DIMMICK, being absent on a committee of con-
ference when the vote was taken on the report of
the committee ofconferencc on the homestead bill,
had leave to have their votes recorded; and they
were accordingly recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. COLFAX, not being present when his
name was called, asked leave to vole.
Objection was made.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, not being pres-
ent when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
PRINTING OF REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a privileged question.
I am directed by the Committee on Printing to
report the following resolution:
Resolved, That fifty thousand extra copies ol the majority
and minority iepoit> of the Committee on Expenditures in
the Navy Department, and the ie>oluiious theieon adopted
by the Hoove, together with a like number of the majority
and minority reports on the testimony taken before the Com-
mittee on Public Kxpenduutos, on the subject of the public
punting, be punted lor the u.e of the members ot the House:
lJrovi('cd, That these report.-., re.solutious, and the testi-
mony, when thus printed, shall be bound in one volume
with the report-, and testimony of ihe select committee of
which Hon. John Covobe i^ehruimau But this resolu-
tion is not to be construed as embiacmg the report of the
naval investigating committee, made at the last session ol
Congicss.
The additional expense will be ten cents per
copy, amounting to $5,000 and a little over. I
call the previous question on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Printing. I
tried to get the floor last evening to make it. I
want him to inform the House what the printing
of the one hundred thousand extra copies of the
reports and testimony of the Covode committee
will cost ?
Mr. GURLEY. Sixty cents per copy.*
Mr. BURNETT, "What will the printing of
the documents included in the resolution cost?
Mr. GURLEY. Ten cents in additioft.
Mr. BURNETT. That will make seventy
cents a volume for them all ?
Mr. GURLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not intend ta interpose
objection, but I do not regard it as a question of
privilege. I demand the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ASHMORE. Lot me ask the gentleman
a question. I want to know whether the cost
stated is simply the cost of printing?
Mr. GURLEY. It is the cost for printing,
paper, and binding. It embraces all the cost.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would like to make an in-
Suiry. I do not know what the gentleman from
hio proposes to print in relation to the investi-
gation of the Committee on Naval Expenditures,
At the last session there were two reports, a ma-
jority and a minority report. We believe that
this House had nothing to do with the matter at
this session, and we made no report. There is but
one report this session, there being no recapitu-
lation of the points made in the majority repott
of the committee at the last session. Does the
gentleman mean to print the report of the major-
ity made at this session, and nothing more ?
Air. GURLEY. The resolution proposes the
pruning of the report of the Committee on Ex-
pendituies of the Navy Department made at this
session by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Hatton.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is a one-sided affair. I
want the country to know this thing.
Mr. BRABSON. If the gentleman has a mi-
nority report, we are willing that it shall be
printed.
Mr. BARIvSDALE. It looks very much as if
the gentlemen on the other side were getting up
these books merely as electioneering documents
for their side. [Cries of" Order !" "Order!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
printing of the statement of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bocock.1
Mr. CURRY. I object to debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to move an amend-
ment so that both sides may appear upon the rec-
ord. I move that the majority report made on
this subject at the last Congress be also ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GURLEY. Does the gentleman propose
to print the evidence taken at the last session?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not.
Mr. HATTON. I hope the gentleman's prop-
osition will be accepted. I think it is but right.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the majority
report made by Mr. Bocock, at the last session
of Congress, be also printed, excluding the tes-
timony.
Mr. GURLEY. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion, to let that amendment in.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I now demand the yeas
and nays on the resolution, as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 rise to a point of order. The
House having, by the amendment just agreed to,
ordered the printing of extra copics of a report that
was not before the Committee on Printing, I in-
sist that, under the rules, the resolution must go
back to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HATTON. The amendment was agreed
to by unanimous consent.
Mr. LEAKE. If r understand the rules of the
House, my point is a clear one.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The Chair overrules the point of order.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee of confer-
ence upon the biil of the House (No. 339) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of Government for year
ending the 30th June, 1861, have been unable to
agree, but have progressed so far as to ascertain
that there were but two subjects upon which ul-
timately they would be unable to agree. I desire
now to make what may be considered a partial
