THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 1). C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1860.
New Series No. 19.
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Banks) was a
free trader, does he remember that that gentleman,
when Speaker of the House, so constituted the
Committee of Ways and Means as to give a de-
cided preponderance in favor of the great doctrine
of protection to American industry? Docs my
colleague not remember* that the Committee of
Ways and Means reported a bill to this House
which was essentially a protective tariff bill in all
its features; that it did not reduce the duty on coal
and iron, but that it increased the free list by
placing- in it additional articles which do not come
into competition with any article of American
industry or manufacture, and thereby created a
necessity to increase the duties on dutiable ar-
ticles? Docs not my colleague remember that the
gentleman for whom we now vote for Speaker is
a national, true, and just man, who is in favor of
executing the laws as they stand upon the statute-
books; who has declared that he will carry out
all the compromises of the Constitution—does not
my colleague know that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] is in favor of this doctrine of pro-
tection to American industry and labor?
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,]
whom my colleague supported, and whom all the
Democratic Representatives have supported, is the
embodiment of the party who are in favor of free
trade and direct taxation. How, then, can my
colleague find fault with us on tins side of the
House for voting for Mr. Sherman?
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say to my colleague
that I do recollcct all these interesting incidents
to which he has referred, 1 recollect, too, the
distress growing out of the tariff reported by that
committee, to the interests in our State which my
colleague pretends to have so much at heart—the
coal and iron interests. I know that it reduced
the duty on iron from thirty per cent, ad valorem
to twenty-four per cent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the gentleman say
that the Committee of Ways and Means defeated
that billWill the gentleman yield the floor for
a moment5
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; I will not yield
the floor.
'] that I voted against
bill? How did my colleague vote? [Shouts of
" Order!'']
Mr. FLORENCE. I refer to my record, as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] did to
his, for my vindication. Is my colleague an-
swered ?
Now, in relation to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, (Mr. Banks;) how do I know, my col-
league asks, that he was an avowed free trader5
I heard it from his own lips many times; and 1
know that when he belonged, or professed to be-
long, to the Democratic party, (and I did not agree
with the sentiments he entertained aa a Demo-
crat,) he professed to be opposed to the power
exercised by capital, or by the manufacturing in-
terests in Massachusetts. My colleague will roc- j
ollect, further, that the gentleman from Massachu- '
setts justified himself for joining thn American
organization, known as the Know Nothingparty,
because3 by that means, by passing through dark
caverns, he could overthrow the power of capital
in Massachusetts. That 1 recollect.
But the gentleman says that I am voting with
these southern gentlemen, and he asks me whether
I favor disunion. I do not; and, m order to pre-
vent disunion, I vote with these gentlemen; and
I ask you upon the other side to break up your
sectional organization, and there will be no cry of
disunion. These gentlemen, in my judgment,
repel aggression. The South arc on the defen-
sive; and I am for equality of rights everywhere, j
I adopt the principle of the message, so far as the
rights of property in the Territories isconcerned.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I regret much that this
subject should be introduced at this time. The
tariff is not under consideration, and is in no way
legitimately involved in the election of Speaker of
the House. I also regret to see the tone and tern-
19
per in which this discussion is conducted. There
is no necessity for so much feeling as is displayed
by my colleagues, [Messrs. Killinger tmdCamp-
bell.] I regret, too, the time which this discus-
sion will consume, which I had much rather have
seen devoted to an effort to organize this House.
But the two gentlemen from my own State who
have addressed the House have thought proper
to call mc to task-for the votes I have given for
Speaker, on the ground that the nominee of the
Democratic parly [Mr. Bocock] is, as they allege,
an advocate of free tradeanddirecttaxation. This
charge 1 give an emphatic denial. Mr. Bocock
is neither for free traae nor direct taxation; but he
is in favor of a revenue tariff, by which incidental,
protection is afforded to American labor and in-
dustry.
But my colleague who last addressed the House
[Mr. Campbell] has referred to the election of
Mr. Banks as Speaker by the Republican party.
Mr. Banks, as the gentleman well knew, was m
favor of free trade. When Mr. Banks was elected
the manufacturers were in a healthy and prosper-
ous condition. The salutary influences of the
tariff of 1846 were felt everywhere throughout the
land. The forges and furnaces of Pennsylvania
were in active operation, and were doing a thriving
and steadily incrcasingbusincss. How is it now ?
Business is depressed; thousands of men have
been thrown out of employment: our manufac-
tured products have greatly declined; and England
enjoys the monopoly of our iron nuuket. What
has caused this change? What has been done to
extinguish the fires of the furnaces, to paralyze
the arm of Pennsylvania's industry? I ask my col-
leagues to explain the mystery which hangs over
these paralyzing and crushing influences ? I will
answerfor them. The Banks Congress, of which
my colleague [Mr. Campbell] was a member,
repealed the tariff of 1846, and passed the odious
free-trade tariff of 1857. This'fell like a wither-
ing blight on our prosperity. Many of our iron
men were ruined; others, who had more capital and
energy, have maintained a sickly and lingering
existence. That act was almost a death blow to
the interests of our good old Commonwealth, and
the iron manufactures reeled and staggered under
its force; and it will take the labor of years to en-
able them to recuperate from the shock; yet my col-
league comes here to sing the praises of that Con-
gress which did the most to crush and to destroy
us. That tariff which reduced the duty on iron
from thirty to twenty-four per centum was passed
here by a Republican Congress, over which pre-
sided a Republican Speaker; and yet my colleague
dares to call me to task, because he says my vote
for Speaker may influence the tariff. Had not
my colleague better look to his own votes, lest lie
may find that a Republican Speaker shall again
sacrifice the interests of Pennsylvania as was done
by Mr. Banks -
Mr. CAMPBELL. I refer my colleague to
the|reeoi d of that Congress; and does he not know
that the House bill, which did not make reduc-
tion a on our great staples, was sent to the Sen-
ate—to a Democratic Senate—where the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] was the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and that
that Democratic Senate took the schedules of the
House tariff bill to pieces, reducing them from a
protective tariff—which was the essential feature
of the House bill—to those of a free-trade bill ?
The Senate, I assert, made reductions upon iron,
and upon all the other schedules of the House
bill. Does not my colleague know, and I refer
him to the history of that legislation, that that
bill, as metamorphosed, passed the Senate by Dem-
ocratic votes; that it was sent back to the House,
and the House rejected the Senate bill; that a
committee of conference was appointed, and that,
although the Senate bill, by the report of the
conference committee, was increased in some of
the schedules, yet stiil it was a reduction upon
the original Housebill? And now, I refer my col-
league to this fact, that every Republican mem-
ber of this House from Pennsylvania voted against
the report of the committee of conference. The
Democratic members from Pennsylvania voted for
the present tariff, with the exception of Hon. Mr.
Paeker. So the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher.-
man] voted against the present tariff law, and he
is our candidate for Speaker. And does not my
colleague know that every Republican or Amer-
ican memberfrom Pennsylvania voted against that
bill?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 do not yield to my
colleague for an elaborate eulogy from him of his
candidate for Speaker.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I refer my colleague to the
record for the proof of all I have uttered.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say, in re-
ply to my colleague, that the committeeor confer-,
ence of the House was appointed by the theft
Speaker of this House, (Mr. Banks;) that lie was
instrumental in controlling the action of that com-
mittee of conference with-the Senate; and that the
majority of that committee were Republicans. But
I will proceed with the line of argument. "When
Mr. Banks went into the Speaker's chair wo had
the tariff of 184G in operation. It was perfectly
satisfactory to the manufacturers of Pennsylva-
nia. It was perfectly satisfactory to the manu-
facturers of all portions ofthe Union, exceptNew
England. Lawrence, Stone & Co.—do my col-
leagues know them? [laughter;] are they Demo-
crats?—well, Lawrence, Stone &. Co. came to
this House, and, as our records show, expended
§80,000 to procure Congress to pass the tariff of
18S7. [Applause from the Democratic benches.]
My colleagues talk to us of zeal for the protection
of the great industrial interests of Pennsylvania.
I yield to no man in zeal for the interests of my
native State. I will, therefore, proceed to investi-
fate the claim setup here for the Republican party.
ly colleague has referred to the action of the con-
ference committee. I will refer to that matter.
When the conference bill was returned to this
House, what was the result? It was passed into
a law by Republican votes. It stands upon the
record to-day indorsed by a Republican House.
Let me refer my colleague to the men who com-
posed that committee. Upon that conference com-
mittee, on the part of the Senate, was no less a
personage than Governor William H. Seward
himselCthc great exponent of Republican princi-
ples, and the Republican candidate for the Presi-
dency of the United States.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Permit me, right here.
Does my colleague not know that all the gentle-
men upon the other side of the House, with
scarcely an exception, voted for that tariff law of
1857? Do my Democratic friends know Law-
rence, Stone & Co.?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I decline to yield to
my colleague at this time.
I have said, sir, upon that committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate was William H.
Seward, the candidate of the Republican party
for the Presidency of the United States.
Mr. KILLINCrER. That is a mistake, and the
gentleman certainly knows it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. In what am I mis-
taken ?
Mr. KILLINGEll. Mr. Seward is not the
candidate of the Republican party for the n^xt
Presidency, nor is he likely to be. [Laughter
upon the Democratic benches.] I tell my colleague
that the State of Pennsylvania lias a candidate
within her own borders for that high office.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will correct my dec-
laration. Mr. Seward is a candidate before the
country for the nomination by the Republican
^ Mr. KILLINGER. He is not the candidate
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will you vote for him
in case he is nominated ?
Mr. KILLINGER. If he stands upon the
platform of pi otection to the industry of the coun-
try, we shall support him; but, sir, let me repeat
that, so far as Pennsylvania at least is concerned,
he is not now the candidate of the Republican
party.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The gentleman stands
