1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
"Was Mr. Cooper to inquire into the credibility
of all these witnesses ? If so, then the time—from
the 11th to the 16th, the only period in which he
could have served a notice—was insufficient. If
he was not to inquire into the character of them
all, how many and which of them were to be
omitted?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Hemighthavelookcd over
the list, and have directed his attack against every
witness upon that list whom he believed unworthy
Of belief, just as m any other proceeding.
Mr. STEVENSON. He might have picked out
sixty named in those notices of contestant; have
made inquiry as to the proof by whom they could
have been successfully impeached, and the con-
testant might not have examined one of them. It
turns out that sixty were never examined whom
he named in his notices.
I am amazed at the position assumed that it was
the duty of the sitting member to presume that
the contestant's witnesses would perjure them-
selves, and that it became essential as a rule of
diligence on his part, to have taken testimony im-
Fcaching their statements before they were given.
t is the first time, before any tribunal, that such
a doctrine was seriously put forth. I had always
supposed that no party was required to impeach
a statement under oath, until such statement was
sworn to; and that every party had a right to pre-
sume a witness would testify truly until the con-
trary appeared.
I maintain that no statement can be impeached
until given; and had the time been allowed under
the notices to discredit contestant's witnesses in
advance, by proving bad character, it was easy
for them to decline testifying, and the testimony
would have been useless. I regret—deeply regret
—that in a tribunal like this, such positions hare
been put forth as prevailing in any legal tribunal
in Christendom. The sitting member chose to
begin his testimony on the 21st pf March, but four
days before the day on which all testimony was
to close. Upon that last day, testimony was given
by a witness on behalf of contestant, whom the
sitting member proposes to impeach. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to tell me before
what tribunal, and by what law, the sitting mem-
ber was required, even though he knew this wit-
ness Edgar was a man of bad character, to pre-
sume that Edgar would perjure himself? If not
bound to such a presumption, and as the contest-
ant placed it beyond his power within the sixty
days to disprove such statements, andashc shows
he can successfully impeach such statements,
should he not be allowed to do so ?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camp-
bell] seems amazed at the position assumed by
the minority m their report, that it is a novel and
extraordinary legal proposition that a man must
anticipate the perjury of an opposing witness,
and be prepared to rebut it in advance; and the
case of Mr. Campbell rs. Vallandigham is cited
as analogous to this position.
I was a member of the committee who joined
in the majority report in that case; and I am sure
a careful'examination of it will show me con-
sistent. The ground I occupy to-day I occupied
then. I will read my own remarks in the dis-
cussion upon that report.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
not pass by the point I have made. I called his
attention to the point, and I referred to the gentle-
man himself as authority to sustain that point.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to go on. I understood the point the
gentleman made; and I admitted, at the outset,
that both parties had the right to take proof within
the sixty days. That is the gentleman's point.
Mr. CAMPBELL. "That is not the point I
made.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us hear what the
point is. I am perfectly willing that the gentle-
man should state it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman attacked
the position taken by the majority of the commit-
tee m these woids:
" It is claimed, however, on tlie other side, that Cooper
should have served a notice on Howard, Hnd gone on with
his pioof after the expiration of the sixty days; although it
is admitted that such testimony could not have been read
without the contestant's consent. No authenticated case
can be found in sugport of such a position; and it is diffi-
cult to imagine the reason on which such a rule could
rest."
That was my point; and I referred to the report
signed by the gentleman in the case of Vallan-
digham against Campbell.
Mr. STEVENSON. I so understood it. The
gentleman did not quote the report rightly, or he
aid not understand it after.he had read it. Now,
I wish to say, Mr. Speaker, that the point, as pre-
sented by him, does not arise in that report,- The
Committee of Elections in the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress did refuse Mr. Campbell further time, it is
true; butwhy ? Was his case upon*all-fours with
this? The gentleman will not pretend to say so.
The majority in that case said it was Campbell's
duty to go on and take testimony upon the merits.
I said that if Campbell had brought affidavits—ay,
sir, even ex parte affidavits—successfully impeach-
ing Vallandigham's testimony, which could not
have been impeached within the sixty days, I
wouldhave given him time. Hereare my remarks,
and I will read them to the House to show that I
am disposed to do in this case what I was dis-
posed to do ?li the case of Campbell and Vallan-
digham. Here is what X said:
" Why did not the sitting member do what he proposed
to do ? Why did he not present to the committee this proof?
Then he might have said,' Here is the subs-tancc of what I
can prove, and from which I am out off by the technical
constiuction of tins act.' Although the sitting member said
he intended to take that proof, he did not take it; he let
two years pass, and docs not even now present to the com-
mittee the names of half a dozen witnesses by whose evi-
dence !<• could change this result. Why f-hould he not come
up to the rules of'diligcnee applicable to judicial proceed-
ings ? A court has always the right to continue a ease upon
just and reasonable grounds shown, and where due diligence
appears to have been exercised. Does this appear? Does
the minority report show, even now, by the affidavits, half
a dozen, or even five witnesses, by whom tins result could
be changed ? No, sir, nothing of that sort. There is nothing
specific, but he comes in and indulges in general statements
of a belief that he could show that he was legally entitled
to the seat."
I desire to apply to this case the rule which was
attempted to be laid down by a majority in the
case of Vallandigham and Campbell. Now what
did the gentlemen on the other side say in the case
of Mr. Campbell ? How did gentlemen then vote?
How did the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] vote?
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr, STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. DAWES. I wish lo call the attention of the
gentleman to a part of the speech from which he
has been reading, and to the fact that, in that
spcech, he took the position that it was the duty
of Mr. Campbell to have given notice to Mr. Val-
landigham, and then gone and taken deposi-
tions with the privilege on the part of Mr. Val-
landigham to cross-examine his witnesses, and
that if he had come in with these depositions, they
ought to have been received. I will read from the
gentleman's speech.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman will
not take up my time to read my speech. He can
do so when I have done. I cannot undertake to
make a legal argument if I am to be interrupted
every moment by questions. I said in the Val-
landigham and Campbell case, and I say now,
that Mr. Campbell ought to have taken proof be-
cause he had given Mr. Vallandigham notice that
he intended to go on, disregarding the law. But
he did not go on; and I said, in my argument of
that case, that, as he did not take the depositions,
he ought at least to have brought the affidavits of
the witnesses themselves by whom he could have
established his case. On either horn of this di-
lemma, I am consistent in the position which I
occupy to-day. It is the same test of diligence
which, as a lawyer, X desire to apply to Mr.
Cooper in the present case, that I then desired to
apply to Mr. Campbell. It is this: if a party is
surprised by testimony, which he can disprove as
untrue, and is prevented by the limitation in the
statute from doing so, in consequence of the late
day at which the contestant takes his proof, he
should do so. He should, after the sixty days
has expired, notify the contestant, and go 011 with
his rebutting proof; or if he applies to this tribu-
nal, he should bring the affidavits of the witnesses,
showing the testimony untrue, and that he has
not been enabled earlier to take proof. He is not
obliged to incur the expense of depositions, unless
the contestant consent; affidavits are sufficient.
Test this case, if you please, by this rule. Mr.
William A. Howard, the contestant, puts off to
the last day the taking of important testimony,
although he had an opportunity of taking it be-
fore. When he served his first notice, he had not
included among his list of witnesses the name of
this witness Edgar; but on the last day of the
sixty days, when it was not in Mr. Cooper's
power to disprove the statement of the witness,
or to show his general bad character. It was out
of his power to disprove this testimony on ac-
count of the late periodat which it was taken. The
question now is: is he able to disprove that testi-
mony, taken at the last moment, by which his
seat is to be taken from him ? What is the fact?
He brings in here seven or eight affidavits of re-
spectable men to show that the man Edgar, who
was examined upon the last day, is unworthy of
credit, and ought not to be believed. That wit-
ness is, as I have heard, a convicted felon in the
State penitentiary of the State of Michigan.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Kentucky
is laboring under a mistake. It is one of the wit-
nesses by whom Edgar's character is sought to
be impeached that is in the penitentiary.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, I am not mistaken
in the fact that an indictment is pending against
Edgar, which may or may not be disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. The difference is, that the affi-
davit of the witness who is in the State prison is
brought here to impeach the testimony of Edgar.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, th row his affidavit
out. [Laughter.] The gentleman will not deny
that there are eleven or twelve affidavits of rc
spectable men—one a sheriff, and another a jus-
tice of the peace—showing that Edgar is not wor-
thy of belief, and ought not to be believed under
oath.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will permit me
a word here. He says there is an affidavit of the
sheriff to this fact. Now, I will say that the
sheriff who served the notice on the 16th, and
who was present at the taking of Edgar's testi-
mony 011 the 26th, with the attorney, is one of the
men who now makes this affidavit. If he knows
now that this man's character for truth and vc-
racity is bad, of course he knew it at the time,
and of course the attorney knew it, and all parties
knew it.
Mr. STEVENSON. But there was no time to
serve the notice, unless perjury was anticipated
on Edgar's part. I have shown the law requires
no such presumption. I repeat, then, there are
seven or eight affidavits of respectable men to
show that Edgar would not be believed on oath;
and the gentlemen admit this. They are bound
to hold up their hands and say that the testimony
of Edgar is proved to be unworthy of belief; and
yet, without allowing Mr. Cooper to show that
fact, they want to bring in Mr. Howard as a
member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress upan the
testimony of a felon who is unworthy of belief.
If Edgar is not a convicted felon, he is at least a
quasi felon. Any man incapable of telling the
truth under oath is a moral felon.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman says cer-
tainly. The gentleman admits that Edgar is a
moral felon; he assents to that. Now, I ask him,
would he bring any member to this House on the
testimony of a moral felon, when the other party
had not an opportunity of contradicting him?
That l's the point I make.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky answer me one question right here?
Mr. STEVENSON. Not now—not at this
point.
Mr. STANTON. It is at this point I want an
answer.
Mr. STEVENSON. Not now; the gentleman
will excuse me. Gentlemen seem disposed to in-
terrupt me. It breaks the connection of my argu-
ment, and they must pardon me. The gentleman
from Massachusetts says I am mistaken about
Edgar being a felon. I did not think that 1 was
mistaken. I suppose the report of the majority of
the committee will be conclusive upon that point.
Now, I say that the majority have introduced
here an affidavit to show that Edgar is under in-
dictment for felony. I will read the affidavit:
State of Michigan, County of Wayne:
Julius s. Iilodgetjbeing'duly sworn, says that heistwen-
ty on o yeans ot age and upwards, and that ho has resided in
the city of Detroit, m said county, during the past four years,
and during that time has been a deputy sheriff of said
county; and that he knows Andrew K. Edgar, and has
known said Edgar for about three years; and that be knew
said Edgar on the 26th day of March, A. D. 1859, and that
lie is well acquainted with said Andrew K. Edgar's ehaiae-
ter for truth and veracity irj the neighborhood where he
