1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
we shall have their respective views upon the
tariff question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Your candidate has
declared that he will give his views upon no ques-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I only ask it for the benefit of
Pennsylvania members. Let us ascertain which
is the practical tariff mall. I will pledge myself,
if our candidate is not a tariff man, I will vote for
Mr. Bocock.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to ask 
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope order will be restored
in the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk will endeavor to
preserve order. The Hduse will come to order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I was saying these
records are stubborn things, and often show what
fentlemen would much rathercould not be shown.
have remarked that when Mr. Banks was
Speaker, we had the tariff of 1846, which was
perfectly satisfactory, and would be perfectly satis-
factory now, to the manufacturers of Pennsyl-
vania. I said, also, that our best efforts have been
exerted to have it restored. My colleague [Mr.
Campbell] voted in favor of a bill reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means which re-
pealed the tariff of 1846. Yes, sir, he who now
talks about protection, on that occasion voted in
favor of the repeal of the salutary tariff of 1846
and in favor of the report of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
But, Mr. Clerk, there is another point to which
I desire to advert in passing. My colleague in-
forms the House that that bill which was reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means was a
protective bill—a bill advantageous to the manu-
facturers of the North. That is the position he
assumes here. Let us then test my colleague's
candidate on that bill. Mr. John Sherman, his
candidate for Speaker, voted against that report,
and here is the record. On the passage of the
bill, Mr. Lewis I). Campbell moved the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. On what vote ? On the final
vote ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Yes, sir; on the final
vote oil the bill as it came from the Committee of
Ways and Means. For that bill, my colleague
himself voted. He says it was a protective bill:
if that is true, then Mr. Sherman voted against
protection, because he votedagainst that bill. You
say it was a good bill—a protective bill—a bill to
foster and protect the interests of Pennsylvania in
coal and iron. You voted for it; Mr. Sherman
voted against it. If you were right, Mr. Sher-
man was wrong; if you were for protection, Mr.
Sherman was opposed to protection.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania permit me a word right there?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Let me read the re-
cord.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Sherman and myself
voted against that bill, because it took ihe duty
off wool.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. That shows that it was
not protective, and that my colleague is opposed
to protection on wool, the great staple of the coun-
ty where I live. I find from the record here, that
Mr. Lewis D. Campbell moved the previous qucs-
rion. The previous question was seconded, and
the mam question was ordered, and put; to wit:
" Shall the bill pass?" It was decided m the af-
firmative—yens 110, nays 84; my colleague [Mr.
Campbell] voting ill the affirmative, and Mr.
John Sherman voting in the negative. Now, sir,
will my colleague say to this House that the Re-
publican candidate for Speaker is in favor of pro-
tection ' If my colleague was, he was not. If my
colleague was opposed to protection, then, per-
haps, Mr. Sherman was right. But then my col-
league should not lecture me. I think Mr. Sher-
man was right to vote against that bill, and that
my colleague was wrong. By that vote ho helped
to disturb the protective tariff of 1846; and per-
manence in tariffs is more important than high
duties.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina permit me 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I have another part
of the record to which I desire to refer my col-
- league. I want to show how the gentleman's
candidate for Speaker protected Pennsylvania in-
terests. When that tariff bill come up in this
House, on the report of the committee of confer-
ence, the previous question was moved on it by
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, and Mr. John Sherman
voted in favor of the previous question; thus pre-
cluding the possibility of any amendment, or of a
motion to refer the bill back to the committee for
further consideration. Here is the Journal—page
613.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will my colleague point
out to me how a report of a committee of confer-
ence can be amended ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The question, then,
was: " Shall the main question be put?" and it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 12S), nays
58; John Sherman voting in the affirmative. Mr.
Sherman thus precluded the possibility of amend-
ment, or of recommitment of the bill; and yet he
is said by my colleague to be the candidate of the
tariff party in this House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. BOYCE. I decline to yield any further.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to ask my colleague
a question. I have been placed in a wrong posi-
tion by my colleague, and I ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to indulge me for a mo-
ment 
Mr. BOYCE. For a moment only.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; 1 mustfirstbeg
leave to refer my colleague to his Manual and to
the practice of this House. Under the rules and
the parliamentary law, can my colleague tell me
how the report of a committee of conference of
the two Houses, can be amended?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] voted
to sustain the previous question for the purpose
of bringing the House to a vote on the bill. There
could be no amendment to the report of a confer-
ence committee, and my colleague certainly must
know that fact. But, Mr. Clerk, the issue between
us is this: My colleague takes issue with me on
the fact that the bill reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means to this House, was not a
protective tariff bill, in all its essential features;
but he calls the bill of 1846 a good protective tariff
bill; and he tells the House that the great State
which I, in part, represent did not require any
modification of the bill of 1846; but was satisfied
with that tariff law. I tell my colleague that Penn-
sylvania considered that bill a bill of abomina-
tions. It did more to destroy our business, im-
poverish our people, and extinguish the smoke
of our furnaces, than ally tariff bill ever enacted.
It was a bill utterly detested by our people through-
out the length and breadth of the State.
Sir, when we came to the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress there was a large, vigilant, and powerful
party anxious to repeal the duties on railroad
iron. The iron men of our State, of Maryland,
and of New Jersey, and other parts of the country
were anxious to hold the little protection they
had on iron under the bill of 1846. We would
have increased the duties, but had no power to do
so. We felt it necessary, to satisfy some, other
interests, to make concessions to manufacturers
by putting in a free list those articles which did
not, and could not come into competition with
home industry or home manufacture. And we
formed a bill which was essentially a protective
tariff bill, and more advantageous to our State,
than the bill of 1846, for the reason that it had a
larger free list of articles which we did not pro-
duce, and which we could not produce under any
protection; and n thercfoie made it the more ne-
cessary to raise the duty on other articles that
required protection. It did not touch coal or iron.
They remained where the bill of 1846 placed them.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must object, Mr. Clerk.
I will not be interrupted. Then we reported that
bill to the House. Docs not my colleague know
that the. leading agriculturists and manufacturers
of our State, and other States, were in the city of
Washington, acting as all advisory committee for
gentlemen interested on the subject of the tariff?
1 could name leading iron men and others from
our State, who were here at the request of our
committee to advise with us on that most material
subject. The Committee of Ways and Means
reported that bill to the House. It is true, that
when it was reported, it was mainly snppbrted
by Republican votes. It was considered a pro-
tective-tariffbill. But there were some interests
which were regarded as being affected by it. There
were some agricultural interests which we could
not unite on that bill. X remember that the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and, I tlnnk,
his colleague, [Mr. Sherman,] considered that the
bill interfered with certain agricultural interests
of Ohio, and voted against it. But we carried it
by Republican votes in the House. It was*, bya
month's journey, a better bill than the abomin-
able bill of 1846. It was sent to the Senate." I
have already infqrmed the House how the Finance
Committte in the Senate<tore it to pieces, and re-
duced the ad valorem duty on iron below twenty-
four per cent.; but the conference committee
afterwards got an increased duty on iron above
and beyond that reported by the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate.
Well, sir, that bill, altered by the Senate com-
mittee, passed the Senate. It was sent down to
this Housfe, and the motion was made to<te.yiton
the table. We wanted to defeat the Senate bill,
but we were still anxious to save the House bill.
We were afraid the entire duty would be taken
from railroad iron if that bill was defeated. The
free traders wanted to defeat the bill for the pur-
pose of introducing a bill taking the duty from
railroad iron altogether. I remember the anxiety
felt by myself and colleagues when the motion
was made to lay the bill on the table; and I will
tell my colleague that I voted to keep itfrom going
there, for the ^purpose of saving our State from a
greater destruction and a greater loss, and for the
purpose of saving the House bill if possible.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let me finish the history
of this matter'first.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to contradict the gen-
tleman's statement, that it was the purpose to ad
mit railroad iron free of duty, or that any such
bill was before the House. [Cries of "Order'.'
" Order!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman can have
the floor after I have finished, and if I have mis-
stated any fact, 1 will cheerfully listen to you and
correct it.
Mr. Clerk, we, saved the bill from going to the
table, and appointed a committee of conference
on it. The committee of conference succeeded in
makinga better bill than the bill the Senate commit-
tee had reported. There were good men and true
men, but, I believe, mistaken men, who had been
all theirlivesfriendsofaprotective tariff, who voted
for the report of that committee, of confcrence in
the belief that it would prevent the enactment of a
worse bill. But,sir, I could not. votefor it. T could
notconsent that the duty on iron, the great staple
of my State, should be reduced; and 1 remember
that, with my Republican and American friends
from Pennsylvania, we struggled manfully to
defeat the report of the committee of conference.
How did the Democratic party vote upon that
report? I refer gentlemen to the Congressional
Globe for the third session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, page 971, for the answer: Out of the
seventy-two nays, there were but two members
of the Democratic party who voted against that
wicked, abominable tariff of 1857 ! These were^
Mr. Caruthcrs, of Missouri, and Mr. Packer, of
Pennsylvania. Every other Democratic member
of that House, without a single exception, voted
for the tariff bill of 1857, which has destroyed
the industry and manufactures of Pennsylvania.
My Democratic colleague from the Philadelphia
district [Mr. Florence] voted for that bill. Out
of those seventy-two nays, all but two were Re-
publicans mid Americans; and I find among the
nays the name of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who is to-day what he has
always been, a friend to the protection of the great
industrial interests of this Union, and against for-
eign labor and capital. And why did my col-
league [Mr. Florence] shrink from giving his
final vote against that bill ? And why does my
other colleague [Mr. Montgomery] shrink from
the examination of his candidate for Speaker on
this subject ? 'Can he escape from this record ? I
want the country to understand that the Democ-
racy are the free-trade party of the country; that
it is that party who are responsible for passing
the tariff of 1857, and that my colleague voted for
it. And now, I ask him if he will gowith me,
and with the Opposition members of this House,
to assist in recovering the industry of the country,
stricken down bv the Democratic side ot this
House, and bv the other branch of Congress :
