1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
resides; and that said Edgar's character for truth and verac-
ity, was, on such above-inentioneddate, bad, and from such
general bad character for truth and veracity this deponent
would not beheve him under oath; and further, that soon
after the above-mentioned date said Edgar was arrested on
a charge of larcenv, and that said charge is still pending
against him. And this deponent further says that said An-
drew K. Edgar has been a resident of this city and its vi-
cinity during5 the past three years. And further deponent
sait" not- JULIUS S. BLODGET.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 1st day of March,
A-D.mo. w. CHAMP,
Notary Public, Wayne county, Michigan.
I said that he had been arrested, and that there
was an indictment pending against him. But the
gentleman said I was mistaken. Now, I say it
is he himself who is mistaken; not I. The laugh
is now upon the other side.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman permitme
to correct him ?
Mr. STEVENSON Not now; you can reply
to me when I have done. Here is the report, show-
ing that I was correct in my statement. Edgar, if
not convicted, is indicted, and taken in proof of
the testimony as to bad character, is corroborative
of all I have said. But I say that the testimony
of this unworthy witness was put off to the last
day, when it could not be rebutted. Have we come
to that point in the esteem of honorable and high-
minded men on either side of this House, that
party bias is to be allowed to blind our eyes, and
that we are to refuse a Representative the privi-
lege to permit the truth to be ascertained and per-
jury and fraud exposed?
Mr. STANTON. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether there are any affidavits
which disprove the facts to which Mr. Edgar tes-
tifies ?
Mr. STEVENSON. There are ; and I am com-
ing to that point. I was first putting Edgarupon
his general bad character. But, outside of this
general bad character, there is a witness who
disproves his statement, saying that there is not
a word of truth in the statement detailed by Ed-
gar that he brought thirty voters from Canada,
who voted for Cooper. Here is the affidavit of
Orvis himself, who is charged by Edgar with
bringing these thirty voters from Canada, deny-
ing the charge, and the sitting member asks time
to ascertain if there is any truth in it. I ask you,
Representatives, in the name of justice, are we
sitting as a judicial tribunal to trample under foot
all the well-regulated rules of judicial procedure,
and refuse the sitting member an opportunity,
which has never been denied the humblest litigant,
of disproving the evidence of this man Edgar, by
which it is attempted to deprive him of his scat?
Willjpou exclude the popular voice of the first
congressional district of Michigan from this Hall
upon testimony of this character, and through
party bias refuse to give the sitting member sixty
days to prove its falsity? You had better give
him ninety or one hundred days, than that any
man should be admitted to a seat upon this floor
who has not been fairly and legitimately elected.
Mr. Speaker, this case presents the point not
presented in any of the cases which have hitherto
occurred here and are referred to as authority.
The application of the sitting member is not to
take testimony on the merits of his case.' That
it was his duty to do within the sixty days.
He is willing to stand on this testimony gf the con-
testant if you will expurgate the false testimony,
or allow time to rebut it. " All he asks is an oppor-
tunity to show that Edgar and one other witness
are unworthy of belief. If you will allow him
this privilege he is willing to stand upon the tes-
timony as taken. Where is there a ease on rer jrd
where such a privilege was refused > The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania cites me to the ease of
Newland vs. Graham,in which Hon. Lynn Boyd
presented his report against a similar application.
That case occurred before the act of 1851 was
passed; yet the gentleman based his opening ar-
gument upon the fact that these parties had com-
menced proceedings under the act of 1851, and ho
is for holding them to it. The logical sequence of
his argument is, that as the ease cited occurred
long before the passage oftheactof 1851, it cannot
become authority in its construction. Instances
of this indulgence asked for here are frequent.
Against the precedent I might cite Vallandigham
vs. Campbell, the Nebraska case of Chapman vs.
Ferguson, during the same Congress, where time
was given for the taking of further testimony cipon
much slighter grounds, than those presented in this
application.
Mr. Speaker, there are but two simple ques-
tions in this case: First, has the sitting member
been guilty of any laches ? I say that he has not.
If any delay has occurred, it is attributable to the
contestant, who ought not to be permitted to avail
himself of his own wrong. I will not impute any
improper motives to the contestant for the late
day fixed for**his testimony; but I will say, it
should not work injustice against popular rights.
Is it not a remarkable fact, that a seat should be
desired on this floor upon the testimony of a wit-
ness who is proved so clearly by the affidavits in
this record to be unworthy of belief, under indict-
ment for felony, and his testimony taken at a
period so late as not to be rebutted ? Is it not still
more remarkabla that the sitting member, with
this evidence of Edgar's character, should be de-
nied the privilege of impeaching, by the popular
branch of the American Congress ? •
On yesterday time was given Williamson in his
contest with Sickles, although not a requisite had
been complied with;and to-day similar indulgence
is to be refused because he had nottaken testimony
which he could not read, and has not pursued a
greater diligence than is required by the holder of
protested commercial paper. The gentlemanfrom
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] said yesterday, in
favor of giving time: , *
" Has he failed to understand that we put this case upon
the fact that it was impossible for the contestant to obtain
process of court? Does he not understand,at this late day,
that we put tliis case upon the ground that the contestant
understood, and his counsel understood and believed, and
lawyers to this day believe, that tfiey could not be brought
within that statute ?"
He could not get legal process ? Neither could
Mr. Cooper. If that position was true yesterday,
it is equally so to-day. There is another point
in this case which the majority of the committee
seem to have overlooked. The statute of 1851
requires that subpenas shall be issued five days
before the day fixed for taking testimony, and
shall be returned with the depositions. These
notices of contestant were served on the 11th and
16th, for the 21st and 96th. If the sitting mem-
berhad desired to impeach any of this testimony,
he could not have coerced the attendance of wit-
nesses, as five days would not have elapsed after
the taking of such testimony and the 26th March,
when the time expired. Cooper could have got-
ten out no process to rebut testimony taken on the
22d, 23d, 24th, 25th, or 26th, even if Howard
had waived notice. .
Mr. DAWES. I understand the gentleman to
say that there is a point which the majority of
the committee seem to have overlooked. Itis this:
that inasmuch as the statute of 1851 requires that
subpenas shall be served five days before the time
of taking testimony, and this notice of Mr. How-
ard to take testimony was given on the 16th, and
five days from that would have been the 20th,
there would not have been time for the sitting
member to take rebutting testimony.
Now I wish the gentleman to answer me this
question: when this Julius S. Blodget, who has
made this affidavit, served the notice upon Mr.
Cooper's attorney, that Mr. Howard was going
to take, in eleven days from that time, the testi-
mony of Edgar, what hindered these men from
thereupon giving Mr. Howard's attorney notice
that they would take the testimony of Julius S.
Blodget that Edgar was not a man of truth and
veracity, upon the very same day, and for five
days after that, serving a subpena upon Blodget,
who would then have had five days before he ap-
peared ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I answer the gentleman
that 1 have already attempted to show that he
could not anticipate that Edgar would be examined,
much less that he would swear falsely. If the
contestant declined to examine the sixty witnesses
named, how was the sitting member to know what
witnesses would be examined? How could he pick
them out? I put the same question to the gentle-
man that I put in the iftinority report: under what
rule of law can a party anticipate false testimony?
Mr. DAWES. There were four witnesses in
this notice; not seventy-five.
Mr. STEVENSON. There were seventy-five
in the notices. Cooper could not know which
would be examined. He must therefore wait to
see who would swear; and if any swore falsely,
to impeach them. This he could not do, because
there were not five days for the depositions; and
what the gentleman said yesterday, as to William-
son having no legal process, applies more strongly
to Cooper to-day.
If Cooper had discredited Edgar, some other
witness might have been examined in his place.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the House •
that the Senate had passed an act (No. 262) pro#'
viding for a reduction in the prices allowed for the
public printing, and providing for the binding of
the public documents, reports and Journals; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill of this
House (No. 19) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels," approved March 3,
1855. for the better protection of female passen-
gers, and for other purposes, with amendments,
in .which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that they had passed without amendment
a bill of this House (No. 331) to repeal the third
section of an act entitled "An act to increase and
regulate the terms of the circuit and district courts
for the northern district of the State of New
York," approved July 7, 1838.
Also, that the President of the United States
has informed the Senate that he did, on the 22d
instant, approve an act (S. No. 239) for the relief
of the legal representatives of Charles Pearson,
deceased.
Also, that the Senate have ordered the follow-
ing documents to be printed:
Resolutions of the Legislature of Virginia, con-
cerning revolutionary and other claims against the
United States.
Message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information in relation to the mar-
ble columns for the Capitol extension.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a statement of the trade and commerce of
the United States with the British North Ameri-
can Provinces annually since 1850.
Message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, further correspondence in relation
to the hostilities on the Rio Grande.
Memorial ofcitizensofWashmgton and George-
town, praying for authority to construct a railroad
from Georgetown along Pennsylvania avenue to
the Navy-Yard, in Washington.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, one
word more, and I have done. I have attempted to
show that the sitting member has been guilty of
no laches. I have shown that he is able to rebut
the testimony taken by contestant. It is clear
that, in consequence of the late period fixed by
contestant for taking his proof, the sitting mem-
ber has not been able to rebut it; but can, if time
be allowed, disprove it. It now remains to be
shown that this testimony sought to be rebutted
bears materially on the issue. I will just refer to
the testimony of a distinguished law professor in
the State of Michigan, taken at the instance of the
sitting member. This is the affidavit:
State of Michigan, County of Wayne:
1, Charles J. Walker, of Detroit, being duly sworn, de-
pose and say that I am by profession an attorney and coun-
sc!or-at-law, and am a law piofcssor in tin- Univuisitv of
Michigan: I reside in the seventh ward of the city of De-
troit, and have for many years; at the State election, No-
vember, 1858,1 was a candidate for State Senator; I spent
the entire day at the polls:, and mostly at the seventh ward;
I was for a short time at the fifth and sixth wards; while
at the seventh ward polls, which was for mo^t of the day,
I was an intei ested and caiet'ul observer of the manner in
which the election wa* conducted ; I especially noticed
the conduct of Thomas Howrijran, who acted as a Demo-
ciatic challengcr; I can say with great confidence that [
never saw a warmly contested election in the ward con-
ducted more civilly; there were no threat* nor violence
that could or did deter any voter from depositing his vote ;
the votes were received" at a window m the City Hall,
which was too high to be readied from the ground, and a
dry-goods box was placed in front of the window upon
which voters got when they voted.
At an early hour in the morning the Republican chal-
lenger, Sylvester Lamed, Esq., took his position inside of
the room where the votes were received at the window,
and so placed himself that 110 Democratic challenger could
find or get a position there, and consequently they had to
