3200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Did the gentle-
man from North Carolina vote in the affirmative?
Mr. BRANCH. I did. •
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the motion
to .reconsider on the table.
Mr. BRANCH. I have the floor; and I pro-
pose to say something on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not the
previous question still operating? If it is, I object
to debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is rot.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to say that there are
numerous items in that bill that I utterly protest
against; and which I voted and struggled in the
Committee of the Whole, from the time the bill
was first taken up until its passage, to defeat. I,
however, voted for this report of the committee
of conference, and allowed my vote so to remain
until I ascertained that the gentleman who loaded
down the bill with amendments which have ren-
dered it odious declined to assist in carrying the
bill through, when I changed my vote, and voted
in the negative. I have now moved to reconsider,
for the purpose of allowing the gentlemen who,
in spite of my protest and of that of others on
this side of the House, have forced upon us these
offensive items, to recede from their votes, and
assist in carrying the bill through.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from North Carolina allow me to ask him
this question? [Shouts of "Order!" "OrderJ"
"No interruptions!"]
Mr. BRANCH. I do not yield the floor. I
do not interrupt other gentlemen when they have
the floor, and I prefer not to be interrupted my-
self.
Here, sir, is one of the most important bills for
carryingon the Government—abill without which
we all know the Government cannot be carried
on. Wc all know that if this bill is rejected, and
we adjourn, the President of the United States
will be compelled to call us together in extra ses-
sion. There is no gentleman in the House who
disapproves of a larger number of items in the
bill than myself. There is not one who has voted
in the Committee of the Whole against a larger
proportion of the items in it than I have; yet nosv,
sir, as a political fuend of the Administration, I
desire to pass the bill which, as I have said, is
necessary to carry on the Government; and I
desire that other fiiends of the Administration
shall also help to pass it. I have been for five
years a member of this House, and have never
seen one ofuhese general appropriation bills pass
that did-not contain items against which I voted
in Committee of the Whole. I have struggled,
through my whole service here, to confine the
appropriations in general appropriation bills, to
those strictly required to carry outexistinglaws;
and yet, those of us holding that position, after
seeing the bills loaded down with independent
legislation, have been compelled to shoulder the
responsibilityofnaRsingthem through the House.
I, for one, though reluctant, have been willing to
do it; and I am now willing, as a fuend of the
Administration, to take my share of the respons-
ibility of passing this appropiiation bill, although
it mav, and does, eontain items that are not ac-
ceptable to me; and I trust, as I said before,that
gentlemen upon all sides, who have loaded down
the bill with offensive items, and then turned round
and voted against it, will now take the responsi-
bility of giving us their assistance in passing it,
I disapprove of a large portion of the items con-
tained in the bill. 1 have resisted them in the
Committee of the Whole, and have done all that
I could to defeat them. The bill stands now re-
jected ; and I move to reconsider, in order to bring
the bill up again.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I have not yet yielded the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me a moment. I desire to make a few
remarks.
Mr. BRANCH. I yield for the gentleman; but
I give notice that I will call for the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina has stated some facts that this House
undeistand, but he has not stated all the facts in
regard to this bill. Much to my surprise, many
gentlemen on that side voted against the report of
the conference committee, and thus have defeated
this bill. It is well that we should all understand
a few facts in regard to these appropriation bills,
so that if gentlemen persist in this course to the
defeat of the appropriation bills, the responsibility
may rest upon the proper persons.
The Secretary of the Treasury sent us, in De-
cember last, his annual estimates for the service
of the next fiscal year, amounting in the aggre-
gate to $46,27.8,893 56. The permanent appropri-
ations, chiefly for the collection of customs and in-
terest on the public debt, amount to $8,173,582 48.
So that, upon a superficial view, it would appear
that the Secretary only wished for $54,452,476 04
for the entire service of the next fiscal year. And
i have no doubt that upon this shallow pretense
many a speech is made. The Secretary himself
in his recent letter repeats the same thing. He
aggregates the new appropriations asked for at
only $46,278,893, when no one knows better than
he, that, in addition to this sum, his colleagues in
the Administration—the heads of other Depart-
ments of the Government—send us estimates and
recommendations almost without number. I en-
deavored to ascertain the precise amount of these
collateral estimates, but they are so numerous
and often so indefinite that it is impossible tostate
them. They amount, however, to over ten million
dollars. I submitted, the other day, a specific state-
ment of some of them amounting to $9,606,250;
but very many are not included. All these, to-
gether with the annual estimates, are referred to
your Committee of Ways and Means; and upon
this mass of estimates, often indefinite and incon-
sistent, your committee have to base their appro-
priation bills. Well, sir, we did so; and, as the
result of a careful analysis, we reported bills em-
bracing every necessary item of expenditure ex-
cept for private claims. These bills amounted to
#45,048,875 73, or §1,230,017 83 less than the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury; and
more than eleven million dollars less than the
aggregate estimates submitted to us by this Ad-
ministration. These bills would have required
economy and reform in various Departments; but
would have been ample, and more than ample, to
have administered this Government wisely and
well for the next fiscal year.
When the bills were reported, we found the
House anxious to cooperate. They werepiomptly
acted upon in this House; and instead of being
added to hy amendments, they were actually
redueed Tins House reduced the amount le-
ported for the repair and construction of vessels
$1,000,000, as I think, wisely, it also rejected
the appropiiation for the Capitol extension, until
the public Treasury was m a better condition;
and it provided for useful reductions and reforms
in the postal service. The aggregate reduction
by the House upon the bills as reported, was
$2,235,360 61. The bills passed the House with-
out a division. Not a single item was embraced
in them not sanctioned by law, by the proper
Departments, or about which there was a sub-
stantial dispute. Such was the action of the
House. The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Branch] talks about disliking certain items
in this bill. Pray, what are they? Who put
them there? Were they there when this oil!
passed the House? Nothing of that kind is
claimed. The whole difficulty grows out of the
amendments of the Senate. Sir, these bills were
loaded down by the Senate. I have here care-
fully-prepared tables, showing the precise action
of the Senate and the House upon these bills. I
have heard enough about responsibility for large
appropriation bills, and therefore 1 have kept a
careful account with the Senate, which I have
before me. It shows that while these bills passed
the House at §42,813,515 12, they were increased
in the Senate to §49,586,828 75; or an increase of
$6,773,313 63. Every item about which the gen-
tleman from North Carolina complains originated
with his party friends m the Senate. It was there
this mongrel legislation was fixed to your appro-
priation bills. Take this very bill as an example.
When it passed this House it was $3,072,514 32.
When it was returned from the Senate it was
§5,497,993 69; an increase of §2,425,478 37. That
body put on forty-five amendments. In them
you will find your water works, your Treasury
extension, the Charleston and New Orleans cus-
tom-houses, and a multitude of similar items.
Sir, for four weary hours I have been in a com-
mittee of conference combatting with a Senate
committee against these amendments. We on this
side have been opposed to them all. They were
put m by a Democratic Senate, everyone. They
are sanctioned by estimates from the heads of
Departments, all Democrats. They are for the
support of a Democratic Administration. Noman
of my political opinions can receive a dollar of
this money if this Administration can prevent it.
And yet some of you refuse to vote for this bill.
The Senate have been compelled to recede from
all their obnoxious amendments, except for the
water works, and this is placed under the super-
intendence of Captain Meigs, who, it is hoped
and believed, will not pervert the money for party
purposes. And yet gentlemen talk about obnox-
ious provisions in the bill. Sir, I have no interest
in the bill except to limit the appropriations and
guard the Treasury. I am willing it shall be de-
feated. If you cannot vote for it, we certainly
will not. If the amendments of a Democratic
Senate make it obnoxious to you, let it go, but
do not talk about items that you oppose, or ob-
noxious provisions in the bill. One gentleman,
a leading and zealous supporter of this Adminis-
tration, refuses to vote for the bill because, as I
understand him, the House and the Senate chose,
by a unanimous vote of the committee of confer-
ence, to designate that a certain officer of the engi-
neer corps should take charge of the aqueduct.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman does not al-
lude to me.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to yield to me.
Mr. BRANCH. It is embarrassing for a gen-
tleman to have a discussion going on in the midst
of his speech, but 1 suppose I must yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to state the reason
why I voted against the bill. I hold that under
the Constitution, the President is the commander-
in-chief of the Army of the United States; that
the office of captain of topographical engineers
attached to the Army is created by law, and held
under commission from the President; and that
neither the House nor the Senate, nor both to-
gether, have any right to take that subordinate
ofiiccr of the Army out of the line of his duty,
and to assign him to civil functions, beyond the
control of his superiors. Strike out the provision
of the bill which doe.s that, and 1 will vote for the
bill; but with my idea of the Constitution in this
regard, I cannot vote for the bill without a viola-
tion of the oath which I have taken as a member
of this body.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ik now it is very easy for
gentlemen to point out one or a hundred items,
and say they are opposed to them, and therefore
cannot vote for the bill. In this way no appropria-
tion bill can pass. The question is, who put these
items in ? It was the Senate that designated Cap-
tain Meigs. It was the Senate that added each
obnoxious item. Well, sir, this bill, like all other
appropriation bills, went to a committee of con-
ference. After a protracted struggle in the com-
mittee of conference, we have succeeded in re-
ducing the amount to $4,692,820. We have brought
it within a reasonable limit. The principal item
agreed to in conference is the one for the Wash-
ington aqueduct. I opposed that item. I re-
monstrated against its incoiporation into the bill.
I voted against it. What more could I do ? And
now, after we have made the best bargain we
could with a Democratic Senate, when we have
rcduced the bill as much as we could, we are
coolly told by gentlemen on this side of the House
that they do not like all the provisions of the bill.
The most thankless of all positions is that as-
signed to the Committee of Ways and Means.
They see their bills, after they have been carefully
matuicd as regular appropriation bills, go from
this House to the Senate, and then see them re-
turned loaded down with all manner of items. If
a Senator has a private bill m which he feels a
deep interest, that is put on; if he has a favorite
scheme which could not get the sanction of this
House as a separate bill, that is put on. These
appropriation bills arc made beasts of burden to
carry all the hobbies of Senators. They come
back to their authors a mongrel mass of appro-
priations and legislation. Then committees of
conference act, and our House is compelled to be
satisfied if it can get rid of one half of the mass of
