2D2
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
December 30,
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Lctmc say one word more.
I want to say that Hon. Mr. Bocock, of Vir-
ginia, and Hon. Mr. Millson, of Virginia, the
two candidates voted for for Speaker by the Dem-
ocratic party of this House,'with many others,
both voted for the present tariff, as this record
shows. Mr. Sherman voted against it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I cannot understand
the argument of my colleague. He informs us
that he voted for the tariff reported by the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means, not because he did
not know that it was destructive of the interests
of Pennsylvania; not because it did not reduce
the duties on iron; but because he feared that rail-
road iron should be placed on the free list. If
there was a majority m favor of taking the duty
off railsoad. iron, how would the passage of that
tariff bill prevent it ? If there were votes enough
to place iron on the free list, it could have been
done on that bill. That was the time and place
to do it. If my colleague dreaded that railroad
iron should be placed on the free list, he should
have bitterly opposed the agitation of the tariff
question. My colleague was a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means. That com-
mittee, as I understand, were divided on the ques-
tion of a tariff bill. My colleague's vote would
have prevented that bill from being reported, and
would have kept the tariff question out of the
House; yet he voted for that report.
But my colleague uses harsh epithets to exhibit
to us his utter detestation of the tariff act of 1816.
Yet he voted for the report of the Committee of
Ways and Means, which left the* dutieu on all
the articles in which Pennsylvania has a peculiar
interest, precisely as they were under the tariff
act of 1846. That tariff he pronounces odious
and abominable; yet he voted to continue all its
provisions, so far as Pennsylvania was interested. 1
but 1 do not intend to permit my colleague to
escape me so easily. 1 intend to confront him
with Republican testimony, to show that he voted
for the tariff report of 1857, with a full knowledge
that he would thereby.reduce the tariff on iron
and other Pennsylvania products. 1 intend to
showthattariffmen—Republicans, too, who knew
how injurious that measure would pro\e—went
to him and remonstrated with him, and pointed
out to him the dangerous consequences that would
attend his vote; that those remonstrances were
disregarded; and that, with a full knowM^-of
what he did, h* struck down the interest of the
State he represented.
I read from the Reports of Committees for the
year 1857, volume 4, page t>7. Mr. Stanton, of
Ohio, who is one of the most influential and use-
ful Republican members on this floor, speaking
of the action of the Committee of Ways and
Means on the tariff of 18.57, there .states:
"I aI*o went to Mr. Camprixl, el' IVnn^Iv.tma, the
Representative oi the hon mter"sN.on the Con/imifet' of
Ways and Means and told jiiin that it would be fool^li to
allow the bill to be reported; that if lie opposed it w ith his
influence, it could not be icport<>d ; that he would tlm-* he
able to pioteet the hon interest, at the rote of thnty per
cent-, for two additional years*. That, if he stood nun. it
would take two years to stop Pennsylvania of her picsent
protection; and that, as tin; President elect was fiom
Pennsylvania, it would be hut reasonable to infer that u-orse
terms would not be otleied dimm; his Administration than
tho-ve now about to be imposed.''
Yes, sir, my colleague was remonstrated Willi.
He was entreated to let the protection renuin
upon the great staple of Pennsylvania. Here is
the testimony of Mr. Stanton*. It cannot, dare
not be disputed. The folly, the madness of his
action! His friend, Mr. Stanton, went to him,
and remonstrated with him against this reduction
of the tariff on the iron interests of Pennsylvania.
Yet he stands here, under these circumstances, to
read lectures to me and to others about the votes
we have cast for Speaker. Look at home, sir—
look at home; and blush for your iceord on this
tariff question.
The gentleman asks me why I shrink from the
examination of my candidate for Speaker5 1 do
not shrink. Mr. Bocock was, but in not now,
the candidate of the Democratic party of this
House. We  voted for him, and we would vote
for him again. We believe that, he is as sound
upon the tariff question as Mr. Sherman*. Hut
my colleague says we shrink from the examina-
tion. I ask him when it was that Mi. Sherman
consented to answer any interrogatories pro-
pounded io him1 If Mr. Sherman' is ready to
answer the questions that may be propounded to
him from this side of the House, Mr. Bocock is
ready to answer any questions propounded to
him. Here, then, is an opportunity presented to
all my colleagues to fasten the charge of dei eliction
to the tariff interests of Pennsylvania upon my-
self and my Democratic colleagues. Mr. Bocock
is ready to answer all questions propounded to
him whenever Mr. Sherman will do the same.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the gentleman want
an answer from me ?
. Mr. MONTGOMERY. The gentleman will
excuse me. If Mr, Sherman is ready to answer
questions from this side of the House, Mr. Bocock
is ready to answer questions from that side.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. BoeocKis notacandidate. j
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Bocock is not a j
candidate, but he will not shrink from answering i
any question that m'ay bo propounded to him. I
will say, further, that there has not been any gen-
tleman voted for on this side of the House who
will not do the same. Come now, I give my col-
leagues the opportunity; they may select any can- 1
didate from this side of the House, and he will
answer any question, if Mr. Sherman will an-
swer. Mr. Sherman will not do it; my colleagues
dare not acceptmy proposition. After this, thope
I will hear no more from my colleagues about
shrinking from an examination.
And now, sir, 1 have done. This contest was
not provoked by me. 1 have maintained a studied
silence* since the opening of*the session, and I now
regret the time which this debate has consumed.
But when gentlemen call me to task, I will defend
myself; and, if the debate hus led to disclosures
which may be rather unpleasant, my colleague
must remember that the contest was one which
ho provoked. I was much surprised when my
position was assailed; and I have not had tune to
search the records for all the convincing; proofs
wluoh can be brought forward to show how the
Republicans betrayed the interests of Pennsyl-
vania on this floor in 1857. I have shown enough,
however, to convict my colleague and his candi-
date for Speaker of complicity in the abominable
and destructive legislation of that year.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will per-
mit, 1 desire to say a word m relation to a subject
whieh he has introduced. The gentleman haw
refeir« d to tlx- report of a committee m which a
certain Mr. Corhin (not Mr. Stanton, of Ohio)
says he had a conversation with me on the sub-
ject of the tanff. 1 have no recollection of e\er
having any conversation with that gentleman.
But, sir, J am not m the habit of seeking the ad-
vice of persons I may meet around the Capitol,
or at washington. I net for myself, upon my
own judgment, and for the best interests of my
constituents. If that advice had been followed",
ldilroud lion would now be dutv free.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Staudingas this state-
ment does as the t-'worn testimony of the witness,
I hove not a particle of doubt it is true. He would
not swear to it if it were not true; and he swears
that the gentleman was willing to strike a blow at
the interests of Pennsylvania, well knowing what
he did when the, blow was given.
Mr. CAMPBELL. He was not a member of
the House at {ill, oi'which fact my colleague seems
profoundly ignorant.
Mr. COVODE. As the gentleman from South
Ciuolma has been kind enough to yield to my
colleagues, I trust that he will bear with me for a
moment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think that I was recog-
nized before my colleague. If 1 was, then I wish
to say a word or two.
Air. ROYCE. 1 think I have been exceedingly
| amiable m yielding to gentlemen all around me.
I Air. COVODE. Yes, sir; you certainly have.
■ 1 want to occupy (he floor only for a few minutes.
; Air. FLORENCE. How does my colleague
| get tin Hour?
! The CLERK. By the consent of the gentle-
! man from South Carolina.
j Mr. FLORENCE. I thought that the Clerk
i had recognized me.
; The CLERK. The Cleik has_no control of
; the floor. The gentleman from South Carolina
! holds* the floor, and he ha* yielded it for a short
j time to the gentleman's colleague.
i Air. FLORENCE. Then I hope that the gen-
| tleman from South Carolina will yield me a few
! minuter for reply to my colleague.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to address a few words
to my colleague from the first district.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am not in the confessional,
and I decline to be further catechised. [Laughter.]
I will speak for myself when I have an oppor-
tunity. In advance, I tell my colleague that I will
answer no questions. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. COVODE. I want to call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that he was one of those who
voted to cut down the tariff of 184G, whilst,on
the contrary, every member of the Opposition
from the State of Pennsylvania voted against that
measure.
Mr. FLORENCE. What measure does the
gentleman mean? J asl<?him to explain himself.
Mr. COVODE. Now, I want to say a word to
my other colleague.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask my colleague to ox-
plain himself.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I want to say a word
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Clerk, is
not every Pennsylvania furnace in full blast?
[Laughter.]
The CLERK. The Clerk cannot answer the
gentleman; but if desired will present the point
to the House. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. COVODE. I want to say a word to my
colleague from the Washington district, [Mr.
Montgomery.] I will tell him, as well as the
gentleman from the first district, [Mr. Florence,]
that during the last session they struggled with
the Republican party in this House. Through-
out that session, sir, every Representative, of
whatever paity, from Pennsylvania, stood firm
for the defeat of the Treasury note bill—the bill
which immediately preceded the tariff bill. Each
of my colleagues understood that there was no
way to get a tariff bill through Congress but by a
defeat of the Treasury note bill; and each of the
Democratic Representatives upon this floor, from
Pennsylvania, voted steadily with us of this side
for the defeat of that Treasury note bill. The
only difference between the gentleman from the
! Washington district and myself was this: while
! he voted with us up to the last night of the ses-
; sum, during which the final struggle took place,
' then the gentleman and two others of my col-
i leagues fiom Pennsylvania weie absent. T re-
! raained at my post.
There is another matter, Mr. Clerk, in refer
; ence to the gentleman from the first district on
1 whieh ! desire to say a word. Notwithstanding
i he stood with us during the whole struggle pre-
| viously when Air. Phillips, of Pennsylvania, who
S was a member of the Committee of Ways ana
j Means, became almost a leader in that contest,
; yet, sir, my colleague, the gentleman from the
1 first district, [Mr. Florence,] absented himself
, from the House upon the final vote. Yes, sir.
' thiec of the Representatives from Pennsylva-
: ma, who had pledged themselves to stand by us to
• the la-st. were found among the missing when the
• pinch came. [Laughter.]
; Air. FLORENCE. I make no pledges to stand
I by anybody but myself, the Constitution, and the
! laws. [Laughter ]
! Air. COVODE. One of the members from
j Pennsylvania walked with me to the House that
i night, and he put this question to me: will your
j Republican party stand? Yes, I replied, every
! one of them. Now take care, he said, because
j we are going to die with you on this question.
I [Lnughtor.]
j Air. Clerk, let me show you how they died,
j They stood with us until the Treasury note bill
; was defeated. The Secretary of the Treasury
! came m and he went round talking to them. I
! saw him do it. When the name of one of my
I colleagues was called, upon the motion that the
I motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, he
i voted in the negative and in favor of the resur-
; rcction of that Treasury note bill. I went over to
; my colleague, and said I, " Doctor" 
I Mr. MONTGOMERY. Let me ask the gen-
1 tleman a question ?
Air. COvODE. I have the floor. Saidl,'k Doc-
tor!'' And, sir, the doctor looked up. ,£ Dead!"
said I; and the doctor looked down. [Great laugh-
ter.] Yes, sir, three of the Representatives from
Pennsylvania were among the missing. They ab-
sented themselves from the House after they had
stood steadily with us during the struggle previ-
ously. Three more stood firmly with us. The re-
mainder of them, strongs as it mav appear, after
