2256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
simple question whether these papers shall be paid
for out of the Treasury, as has been done for
years back—1 do not know how far—or whether
they will pay for them themselves? Members
should have this information.
As for myself, I will say that I have never taken
a dollar from the Clerk. 1 did not suppose that
any member had done eo. I always order, my
newspapers to the amount allowed me, and if it be
not quite to the amount, then the Clerk gets it.
Whether every member does' so, is no business
of mine. I make no inquiry into the motives
which actuate other members. If a man takes a
newspaper, ordering it through the post office,
what is the difference between him and the mem-
ber who orders it through the Clerk's officer
There is none whatever. If any individual is so
wise as to be able to get along- without news-
papers*, if he knows what is going on without
tins medium of information, ali 1 have to say is,
that such a member is more fortunate than I
am. Such a member is entitled, so far as I am
concerned, to put the money allowed him for
newspapers into his pocket, it is a question be-
tween him and his constituents whether he is en-
lightened enough without these papers, or suffi-
ciently enlightened to do without them in the
transaction of the business of this House. I think
myself that papers are useful. 1 shall vote for
them, and 1 shall make no inquisition into the
acts of other people, or, indeed, in any way into
this small matter.
Mr. ASHMOIIE. I hope the appropriation
wiii not be stricken out. Fifty dollars docs not
cover my subscription to newspapers.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like just here to ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means if the appropriation of ^2,000 for cartage,
in page 118, is in aid of, or m addition to, the
appropriation for horses and carryalls, which the
|>ost office and other departments have about
Mr. SHERMAN. It has no connection, as I
am informed by those who know, with the em-
ployment of the carnages which go around with
the mails. The appropriation which the gentle-
man refers to is for the wagons which carry the
books from the Printer to the document-room, and
from the document-ioom to the rooms of mem-
bers, or to the post office.
Mr. H.OUS'1 ON. And it, lias no connection
Willi the carrying of tIn; mails-
Mr. iSHERJVlAN. None whatever.
Mr. RUFFiiY. I move to amend lines one
hundred and nineteen and one hundred and
twenty, by strikunr out the words " th< draughts-
man  nd clerks employed upon the hind maps;"
and to amend line one hundred and twenty-two,
by striking out" seven teen, "and nisei ting " fivt-;*
so tiiat the clause shall read:
For the compensation of elok« io committees and tem-
pi >t my clcrki. in the otftee of tUo Clerk ot the liouvo ol Uep-
r< sciituuvc*, $."),800.
\ do not know that there will be any objection
to this amendment. The House will recollect
that a short time since wo mcorpoiared into the
deficiency bill a provision to the effect that, after
the 30th of June next, the employment of the
draughtsman and these clerks upon thu land maps
shah cease. In this bill the amount appiopriatud
for next year n* $17,800. 1 nunc to jeduce it to
$.">,800. That will then have for the employ-
ment of thirteen clerks to the committees of the
House, for eighty-thiee days during the short
session, ai four dollars per day, and for
four temporary clerks foi the same- length of time,
at the same rate of compensation, ^1,440; making
in all $5,7.56; so that $5,800 will cover the whole
expense of the other items contained in the clause,
with the draughtsman and clerks stricken out.
As the House agreed to that the other day, I
hope there will be no objection to it now. This
is a reform which we have been trying to effect
tor several years I saw yesterday displayed
Upon the walk of this House these stained land
maps, and although I served upon the Committee
ori Public Lands two years, I never saw one of
these maps before. A resolution was last Con-
gress referred to the Committee on Public Lands
to inquire into the propriety of abolishing this
system of draughting land maps; and that com-
mittee reported to the House, recommending that
the system should be abolished. The matter has
never been referred to the present Committee on
Public Lands, so far as I am informed, and I do
not know whether they have taken any action
upon the subject at all. But the committee last
session did recommend that the employment of
these clerks should be discontinued.
Mr. WALTON. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Within a few days past I have had a conversa-
tion with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office in reference to these land maps, and he in-
formed me that it is actually nccessary, for the
convenience of the Land Office alone, that these
land maps should be kept up
Mr. RUFFIN. Who gave the gentleman that
information ?
Mr. WALTON. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
Mr. RUFFIN. The Commissioner of the
Land Office, in a communication to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands last session, recommended
exactly the contrary.
Mr. WALTON. The present Commissioner,
Mr. Wilson, has assured me within the last two
weeks that these maps weie necessary for the
Land Office alone. He said that, for the correc-
tion of errors in that office, the land maps were
worth more than all they cost.the Government.
The whole question in this matter amounts to
this: whether these appointments shall be in the
Land Office or m this House. I hope they will
be kept in this House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out " sev-
enteen," and insert "sixteen," by way of per-
fecting the section before it is voted upon. I wish
to repeat a statement which was made before a
committee of which 1 am a member, by a gentle-
man who was formerly Commissioner of the Land
office. The question came up incidentally. He
is a gentleman of intelligence, and perfectly reli-
able; and he stated as a fact known to himself,
that speculators m the city of New York had pro-
posed to take those maps of the Government, and
pay all they cost. They desired them lor the
mere purposes of speculation.
Mr. RUFFIN. One objection which was made
last year was that speculators got access to tluse
maps at the Laud Office, through the clerics who
had them m charge; and that it could not be pre-
vented, because the Commissioner had no control
over the clei ks, they being appointed by the Clerk
of this House
Mr. MAYNARD. That may be a sufficient
reason for miaidingthose maps more sedulously,
but not for discontinuing them. 1 make the state-
ment which was made to me by a reliable man,
and upon the statement I see no leason which
would induce me to desuc to abolish this land-
map system.
Mr. McQ,UEF.N. 1 have been perfectly fa-
miliar with this subject for two years, and I have
been laboring, in my humble way, to put an end
to it as a useless matter to the Government. As
my friend suggested just no\v, in the Committee
on Public Lands last year 1 heard it stated that
these land maps had been used by the land specu-
lators of thus country; that they had access to
them, and that they got information which was,
perhaps, beneficial to them. But that utteily failed
to satisfy my mind that the Guvei mm nt ever de-
rive d any benefit from th( m. 1 believe that to the
deficiency bill, the other day, 1 offered an amend-
ment that this appiopriation for these stained
maps should cea^e on the 30th of June of this
year, and I believe that proposition has become a
law. i know it was adopted by the House, and
perhaps by the Senate; though 1 do not know,
becausf I have not kept tiaek of the matter.
1 can also rcruly to the truth of the statement
made by my colleague upon the Committee on
Public Lands. I was upon the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and I attended pretty regularly for two
years, and if 1 e\er got one cent's worth of bene-
fit from those maps, I do not know it. I do know,
and it is susceptible of calculation, that these maps
have cost the Government §,000,000; and I know
further, because I was told so by the Clerk of this
Huuse, that persons have claimed and demanded
pay for work upon these maps, who never put a
pen to them. 1 have no doubt that it may be a
means of patronage conferred upon the Clerk of
this House, that he may furnish places for men
who want employment under the Government.
But I say the maps are not worth one dollar to
the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will not allow, by implication
even, the opinion to prevail that i upheld any
such abuses.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. Not at all. So far as my
experience goes, I have never seen any benefit to
theGovernmentfromthatexpenditureofft200,000.
I think it is a business that has been gotten up
without any contemplation on the part of the
moverof it,in 1848, that it would ever have grown
into the magnitude in'wluch it has grown. The
whole thing was inaugurated by a little resolu-
tion, introduced by Mr. Collamkii m this House,
in 1848, directing the Clerk to furnish stained
maps. It has gone on until there are as many as
nine of these map clerks employed, without any
responsibility to the Commissioner of Public
Lands, or anybody else. 1 know that we had a
letter from the Commissioner last Congress, rec-
ommending the discontinuance of these clerks;
and urging the objection that they were respons-
ible to no one; that they were not under the con-
trol of the Public Land Commissioner; and that
the work might or might not be well executed.
The House, the other day, wisely abolished the
whole system; and I hone it will not now be re-
instated.
I have been informed by good authority, that
a clerk was appointed under a former Clerk of the
House who never saw these stained maps; and
who yet came and demanded pay from the last
Clerk. The-Clerk, I believe, refused to pay him.
T am satisfied that no benefit can be derived from
these stained maps. 1 saw them displayed heie
yesterday, and I suppose they were intended as
a speech, to show how beautifully they were
executed, and to impress on members of the
House the idea that it is a benefit to the Govern-
ment. I am perfectly satisfied that all this sort
of humbuggery should fall to the giound; and I
hope that the liouse, having under a proper spirit
of economy and wise legislation struck out the
useless expenditure, will not now reinstate it.
Mr.MAYNA RD, by unanimousconsent, with-
diew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
amend by increasing the amount one dollar. The
gentleman from South Carolina has informed thd
House that no advantage has been derived from
these land maps. 1 think he is mistaken, very
greatly and seriously mistaken, in that regard. I
have be( n informed by many individuals who, I
think, ou^ht to know m regard to it, that the maps
areofveiy great importance, and are, indeed, in-
dispensable to the operations of the Land Office;
and I think I can see how it may be so.
Mi. MeCtUEEN. 1 ask the gentleman how
they can beof any benefitto the Land Office when
the Public Land Commissioner has stated by let-
ter that these clerks were not under ins control,
and that he had no means to control them ?
Mi. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would state
to the gentleman that the Commissioner who sent
that letter last year, had been in office bat a short
time, and I think he was something of a political
partisan. He had not much mfoi ination m regaid
to the affians of his office at that time. But the
chief clerk who was m office at that time, and
who is now at the head of the Department, is of
the opinion to-day, which he entertained then ,and
which he has always entertained, that these land
maps are indispensable to the operations of that
office; and I am sure that if it is looked into, the
whole difficulty will he found to be this: some gen-
tlemen, who have been more of politicians and par-
tisans than anything else, arc in favor of dispens-
ing with these clerks, in order that they should
have an opportunity or piot^xt to come and de-
mand that the number of clerks under the patron-
age of the Land Office should be mereascd. It is
of great convenience and importance that we can
be able to see at a glance what lands have been
sold and what lands have not been sold, and the
manner in which the lands have been managed
and disposed of.
The only thing is, that it takes the patronage
of the Clerk of the House, and gives it to the
Interior Department. I remember that there was
a great noise abouttlns four years ago, when Mr.
Banks was Speukei of the House. Then it was
found for the first time that members had been
voting appropriations year after year for a ser-
