2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
South Carolina was first introduced, I was dis-
posed to think that he was right. On investiga-
tion, 1 found he was right in saying that there were
abuses in this land-map clerk system. I believe,
however, it is necessary that these maps should
be continued, and the provision, as reported to the
House, I think, will correct the abuses. We have
reduced the number of clerks to the actual require-
ments of the office.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How many is that?
Mr. MORRILL. Six, I believe. The remain-
der of this appropriation goes to something else
besides land clerks. Now, I do not care to argue
the question as to who has been in fault. 1 will
simply say, that we have abolished everything
which can be an abuse of the system, and that
there will be no more clerks employed than are
absolutely necessary,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Chanman, there
has been already too much time, I have no doubt,
consumed in the discussion of this very small
matter.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana offer an amendment?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do. I propose to
amend so as to make it read:
For compensation of draughtsman and two clerks. See.
I desire to reduce the number, and upon that
amendment I will make a single statement. My
experience asamemberof thcCommitteconPub-
lic Lands is, that these land maps arc absolutely
necessary. We have, for the last five or six years,
reduced the number from twelve down to four
clerics and one draughtsman, because we were
satisfied that it was unnecessary from the amount
of business to be done, to employ more than that
number. lam satisfied that one draughtsman and
two clerks arc all who are necessary to do the
business devolving upon them, and I am opposed
to employing any clcrks who have no duties to
perform. As I understand it, these clerks are now
entitled to a salary of $1,800 each; the daughts-
man, I believe, is entitled to $2,160. If my amend-
ment, theiefore, be adopted, leaving the draughts-
man und two clcrks remaining, to perform the
duties required upon these maps, the appropria-
tion will be reduced some $3,GOO.
Much has been said here about the necessity of
these clcrks and these maps. I have, so far as I
am concerned as a member the Committee on
Public Lands, received valuable information from
these maps, information thatl soughtat the Lund
Office, and could not obtain; information that
could be given through the maps in one tenth the
time it would require to obtain it through the
Land Oiuee, in the regular course of business
there. Hence it is that I am against abolishing
these clerics and these land maps; and hence it is
that lam in lavor of abolishing two clerks, and
allowing the other two, with the draughtsman, to
remain.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will ask the gentleman
whether he has derived any information from these
maps in relation to railroads, or anything of that
kind?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am glad the gen-
tleman from Illinois has asked me that question.
I have, as a member of the last Congress, in my
official duty, and also during the present Con-
gress, derived much information from these maps
on that subject,
Mr. LOVEJOY, I was not aware that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, as such, had derived any
knowledge at all from them. I have not seen the
maps until recently.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, If the gentleman has
not seen these maps, that is h>« business; it is not
mine.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have notsccn them, because
they have riot been there.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There are a great
many matters which it is not necessary for the
gentleman to inquire into, and these land maps
may be of that character. During this session,
the question of granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of railroads has been before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I made some inquiries
in the Land Ofhcc for infoimation, and the Land
Office was not able to give it to me forwteks. and
perhaps for months. I then went to this draughts-
man and made application to him, and he fur-
nished me with it at once. I now have that in- ;
formation in my drawer. I obtained it for the i
purpose of producing it before the House if the !
bills had come up during the present session of
Congress; and should they come up, I shall be
ready to produce it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. McQUEEN. I demand a division of the
committee upon the motion to strike out the clause
of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that is done it will break
up the committee. I suggest to the gentleman
who has charge of this bill, that it would be better
to agree to the amendment here, and then take a
vote upon it in the -House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I, myself, am opposed to
this provision,but I find myself maminority; and
I never like to make a factious opposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think we
had better settle this question in committee. I
call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lovejoy
and IIuffin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 64; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no quorum
present, the Clerk will, under the rules of order,
proceed to call the roll.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Green Adam?, Adrain, Allen, Alio),Thomas L.
Anderson, William C, Andet son, Ashley, A^hinore, Avery,
babbitt, IJarksdale, Barrett, Keale, Bincjham, Boteler, Bou-
ligny,Biigg^, Brown, Burch, Burlinzame, Bui roughs, Camp-
bell, Ca&c, Horace 1°. Clark,Clemen*, Cobb, Clink 1J. Coch-
rane, Corwin.CurtN, Davidson,Reuben Davis, Delano,Dim-
mick,Dunn, Edmumlson, lily, English, Etiieridge, Farns-
worth, Fouke, Frank, Garnett, Gurley.T2al<\ Hall, Hamilton,
J. Morrison Harris, Hawkins?, Elolmick, Hmdman, Irvine,
Jenkins, Jones, William Kellogg, K>nyon, Kilgore, Kun-
kel, Landrum, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Mallory, Charles
D.Martin, Elbori S. Martin, McClernand, MeKean, Miles,
Milh on, Mill ward, Nvblack,Noell.Olm, Palmer, Pugh, Rey-
nolds, Scott, Scianton, Sherman, yiekie^, William Smith,
Somes, Spauldtng, Htallwonh, Stanton, Stevens, Steven-
son, Taylor, Vallaiuhcham, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Wa«d)1unn, Whiteley, WiUon, ami Wood.
During the vote,
Mr. BONHAM stated that he was paired with
Mr. Olin for the remainder of the day.
The committee rose; and Mr. Grow having
taken the chair as Speaker;>ro tempore, Mr. John
Cochrane reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 339,
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government fur the
yearending the 30th of .Tune, 1801; and that the
committee, finding itself without a quorum, had
caused the roll to be called, and had directed him
to report the names of the absentees to the House.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee resumed its session, (Mr. John Coch-
rane in the chair.)
Mr. ETITERIDGE. Has (he further call of
the House been dispensed with '
The CHAIRMAN. A qu oi um appearing, it
has.
Thf> toilers resumed their places.
The committee again divided on Mi. Rrrnx's
amendment; and the tellers reported—ayes 61,
noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HILL. I want to say, in justice to Mr.
Schaxtox, of Pennsylvania, that 1 am paired
with him on this bill. 1 have gone through the
tellers; and it is proper I should state that I have
done so for the purpose of making a quorum, and
with the understanding that it did not operate as
any breath of faith.
The Cleik read, as follows:
For the compcnration of the draught-man and clerk®
employed upon the land map^, Herks to committee*, and
temporary clerks m the (tflice of the Clerk of the iioui-e or'
Iiepfosentnm e-, $17,800.
Mr.BOCOCK. Who arc the temporary cleiks
referred to in that clause?
Mr. SHERMAN. One is the clerk to jour-
nalize petitions presented to the House, another
the engrossing clerk, and the other the assistant
engrossing clerk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For two mail boys,at $900 cach.andthe messenger era-
plowed in charge of the south extension. $3,300.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to propound an in-
terrogatory to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways nncf Means-on that clause. Under what
authority is appropriation made for the messen-
ger in charge of the south extension?
Mr. SHERMAN. Under special resolution of
the House. I do not know the person who holds
that position. Whoever he is, he holds his place
under a resolution of this House.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to strike out the ap-
propriation for that messenger; and I will call the
attention of the committee to the facts connected
with this matter. During the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, Mr. Ball, a member of this House from the
State of Ohio, offered a resolution raising aspecial
committee for the purpose of investigating some
mattei—exactly what, I do not now recollect. The
resolution was introduced and adopted when the
House was sitting in the old Hall, and previous
to th® completion of this extension of tho Capitol.
The resolution is as follows:
u Resolved, That the. Clerk of this House be dnected to
pay, out ot the contingent fund, to Charles 1). Smiley, lor
his services in taking care of a room, and attending upon
it, in the south wing of the Capitol extension, compensa-
tion at the rate usually paid to luesbengei*, commencing on
the 4th of July la^t,*' &c.
This Mr. Shirley, during the time this special
committee was in session, attended upon the
room where it met. He held the place and dis-
charged the duties, and was paid for them during
that Congress. When Mr. Allen, the late Clerk
of the House, was elected and came into office,
he appointed another individual, by the name of
Owner—I believe that is his name—whon-ndered
the service required, and drew the same pay that
was given to Mr. Shirley. When the present
Clerk was elected and came into office, he ap-
appointed another man, who does the same duty
that Mr. Shirley discharged. Mr. Shirley came'
before the Committee of Accounts, claiming pay
for §3,300, which he alleges to be due him under
the resolution of the House that I have recited.
He alleged that the Clerk had no power to remove
him, the resolution being a special one, and naming
him particularly. He has rendered no service
since his removal from office. He has not been
in the discharge of the duties of the office at all,
two other men having been employed, discharg-
ing the duties and drawing the salary. Notwith-
standing that such is the fact, the Committee of
Accounts of this House has allowed him $3,300.
Mr. SPINNER. Mr. Shirley was appointed
by name. On Mr. Allen coming into office, he
appointed, not Mr. Owner, but a gentleman from
New Jersey. The Committee of Accounts of the
last Congress allowed Mr. Shirley's account. It
was referred to Mr. Powell, a member from the
State of Virginia, who made a long report to the
committee, and-, as a lawyer, insisting that the
claim must be paid, and that we could not get rid
of it. The claim was allowed, except for two
months, which were allowed by Mr. Searing.
We investigated the matter, and the committee
allowed it, Mr. Cooper only dissenting. The ac-
count was allowed on the condition that Mr. Shir-
ley should resign his place; and his resignation
has been put upon the books of the Committee of
Accounts.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is not an appropria-
tion for Shirley or anybody else; but an appro-
priation for the messenger for the south wing of
the Capitol extension, for the next fiscal year. I
have heard of the controversy in reference to
Shirley's claim, but it has nothing to do with this
appiopiiation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman from
New York say that the Committee of Accounts
of the last Congress and the Committee of Ac-
counts of this Congress allowed salary to a man
w ho ha^ never discharged the duties of the office
to which the salary is attached?
Mr. SPINNER. He was the person named in
the resolution, and after careful investigation the
committee deemed it Us duty to allow the claim.
Mr. Shirley has been here in attendance, urging
that he should be allowed to dischaige the duties
of the office.
Mr. HOUSTON. Wo had better do oway with
some of the committees of this House.
Mr. SPINNER. When it was the duty of the
House to repeal a law it ought to have done it,
and not charge the Committee of Accounts with
the neg'ect of the House.
Mr.~RUR.XETT. I understand that Mr. Shu-
ley has rendered no service since the time lie was
removed bv Mr. Allen.
Mr. SPINNER. In the opinion of the gontle-
