3202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
■would show that these items were put on by a
comparatively few members of the party I be-
long to uniting with the members of the gentle-
man's party.
Here is a bill which is necessary for carrying
on the Government. "We all know that unless
this bill passes -we are compelled to lia-ve an extra
session of Congress. I appeal to no party, I ap-
peal to the friends of no party, but to patriotic
gentlemen upon this floor of all parties, to come
up and aid us to pass this bill, not only for the
benefit of the Government, but for our own com-
foft and convenience. I made the motion to re-
consider because no gentleman upon this floor
presents a stronger ease than I do. I disapprove
of many items in this bill. I resisted them in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and did all I could to prevent their being
put into the bill. A majority of this House—and
that majority is not of my party—forced them
into the bill. And now, sir, 1 have a right to ap-
peal to that side of the House, inasmuch as their
votes have put these items into the bill which now
render it so exceptionable to us, that they shall
come forward and aid us in passing it. I have a
right'to appeal to my own side of the House 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a point
of order. 1 submit that it is not in order to dis-
cuss the text of this bill, but only the amend-
ments of the Senate. This discussion is con-
stantly running into what the bill contains. This
vote relates only to the amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I apprehend that,upon amo-
tion to reconsider, I have a right to discuss all of
the causes which have led to the defeat of the bill,
and cvciytlung which may tend to induce the
House to change their determination.
The SPEAK KR pro tempore. As the fate of the
bill is involved in the action of the House upon
the report of the committee, the Chair thinks the
remarks of the gentlemen are in order.
Mr. KUNKEL. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to ask him 
Mr. WASHBURNE, oHllinois. I object. I
desire to hear what the gentleman from North
Carolina has to say; and then 1 hope he will call
the previous question.
Mr. lCUNlCEL made an inquiry, imperfectly
heard by the reporters, in reference to the posi-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina as to
the right of the Senate to attach such amend-
ments to appropriation bills.
Mr. BJiANuH. Ever since I have been a
member of this House I have uniformly, in all
cases,"where the circumstances would admit ofit,
objected to the Senate doing what was, in efl'cct,
the originating of an appropriation bill. Those
who have noticed my course in the House, know
that I have uniformly objected to that arid to their
putting upon other bills originating here amend-
ments which it would not be in order for a mem-
ber of this House to put on in the House. But
I have no argument to make now upon that
point. The simple point now before the House
IS, whether gen tlemen upon both sides of the House
will allow tliis appropriation bill to bo deleated,
or whether we run get votesenough, by a combi-
nation upon both silk's, to pass it. I say to gen-
tlemen that there is not one upon that side, or
upon this side, who objects to more of these items
than I do; and yet I stand ready, as a citizen of
the country, as a member of Congress, respons-
ible, in part,for the conduct of the Government, to
give up my objections to particular items, and to
vote to pass this bill, if those who voted to put ob-
jectionable items there will only come up and put
their shoulders to the wheel.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from North Carolina if the defeat of
this report involves tin* defeat of the bill?
Mr. BRANCH. If gentlemen would not in-
terrupt me so much, 1 should soon conclude my
remarks. The gentleman from Tennessee asks
me whether the defeat of this report necessarily
defeats this bill, or whether we cannot have an-
other committee of conference. Inasmuch as there
may be some misunderstanding in the House m
regard to that matter, I say to the gentleman from
Tennessee that, if this vote is not reconsidered,
tins bill stands defeated.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 would like the opinion of the
Chair upon that point; and I would ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the matter
very differently from the gentleman from North
Carolina.
.Mr. KUNKEL. I rise to a point of order. It
is, that it is not competent for any gentleman, by
a solitary objection, to prevent the propounding
of a question to the gentleman upon the floor
who has the privilege of this floor, and is entitled
to speak one hour; and that, therefore, the gen-
tleman from Illinois is out of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. KUNKEL. With the permission of the
occupant of the floor, he has the right.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from North Carolina yielded the floor to any one,
he would have to yield it absolutely, except by
general consent.
Mr. BRANCH. Gentlemen around me enter-
tain some doubts as to whether this bill stands
defeated if we fail to reconsider our vote. I assert
that, for all practical purposes, this bill will stand
defeated if this vote is not reconsidered; and that
the only way in which it will be possible, accord-
ing to the usual method of calculating possibili-
ties, to pass this bill, or any other bill, for the
purpose embraced in this, will be by originating
it, and passingit through the House and the Sen-
ate again, and getting the concurrence of those
O ' o o
two bodies.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 object.
Mr. BRANCH. I will close what 1 have to
.say, and I hope no gentleman will ask to inter-
rapt me, as I have already occupied the floor
longer than I intended. 1 will conclude by .say-
ing that f did not design to attack any party, nor
to advocate the cause of any party, when I took
the floor. My object was to pass the hill. I think
it is the duly of all parties to conic forward and
aid to puss these bills, which are necessary for
the support of the Government. If every gentle-
man upon this floor were to vote against every
appropriation bill which contained one or two
items he does not like, we all know that a bill of
tlus'description could receive scarcely ten votes
in the House of Representatives. We first pass
them through a committee. There we have an op-
portunity to discuss ihom, and to propose amend-
ments. A majority matures the bill m Committee
of the Whole, and bring jt before the House; and
the rule on wim h I have acted m inference to
these general appropriation bills, is that, if a bill
contains no violation of the Constitution, in iny
judgment; if U contains nothing so enonnous as
to compel me to oppose jt, to yield any minor
objections I might have to it and to assist in pass-
ing it. I have seen but few general appropriation
bills pass this House that contained a larger num-
ber of items i disapproved of than this bill, and
yet I stand ready now to vote to pass it, if gen-
tlemen who areas umch under obligation to pass
it as I am will come forward and aid me in do-
ing so.
1 now call the previous question upon the mo-
tion to reconsider, and I hope no gentleman will
appeal to me to withdraw it; for at this stage of
the session it is impossible for us to consume
much time in discussion, and I have allowed the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to present
his views in my time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I me to a point of
order. I do not understand that this is the report
of a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not a
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the pre-
vious question been demanded?
Mr. UARKSDALE. I would like the opinion
of the Chair as to whether the defeat of the report
of the committee will be a defeat of the bill itself.
The SPEAKER pro tcmpoie. That is not for
the Chair to decide. The rules of the House and
the members of theliouse must, decide that point.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have the right to ask
the question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, But it is not the
duty of the Chair to answer a question in refer-
ence to a contingency.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made a motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the previ-
ous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust there will be alittle
debate allowed on the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, 6f Illinois. I trust there
will not be.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio
has been, with my own consent, heard as long as
I have been.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes; both
of the gentlemen have been heard.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays, and let us have a square vote again on the
bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the vote was re-
considered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tho
previous question on the report of the coufeience
committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILES, (at four o'clock and twenty min-
utes, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Mes>Ms. Cliailes F. Adams, Aldiich, Alley,
Ashmoie, Babbitt, Bark^dale, Fiancw 1\ Blair, Biake,
Bocoek, Boteler, Boulignv, Bo>ee, Btanch, Biayton,
Bnggs. Bnstow, Buttmton, Burch, Burlingame, Bnrifham,
Butterlield, Oarcv, Carter, Ca<e, Horace F Cl.uk, Coiwm,
Buiton Cruiye, Ciawtbrd, CuUn, Davidson, II Winter
Davi-, D.uves, Delano, Dnnmiek, Edmund^m, Edward*,
Eliot, l-'lj, Floienee, Foster, Fonke, Finnic, Gooeh, Gto\v\
II tl:, Hoard, William Ilowaid, Hughes, Humphrey, ICeitt,
William Kellog<,\I.«aiiube(\ DeWitt C. Leach, Leake. Lee,
Loonns, Love, Mallory, Maiston,MeUae, Millvvard, Moor-
head, Momll, Ed waul Joy Mom*, Moiso, Niblaok. Nixon,
Olin, Perry, I'ejton, Reagan, Rict', Clmstopher Robuuon,
Hoyce, Scott, Sedgwick, Shonnan, Sickles, Singleton,
Stanton, Jamc.'; A. Stewait. Stratton, 'I appjn, Tavloi,
Tumhle, Undmvood, Vertce, Walton, Elhliu B \V;wh-
bumo, Web.-ter, Wells, Winslow. Woocliuff, and Wood-
son—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Gieen Adam*, William C. Anderson,
Averj, Beale, Samuel S. Blair, Bonhani, Biab>on, Bur-
nett, Campbell, Clopton, Colib, Colfax, Curiv, John G.
Davi*, Duel!, Dunn, Etheridge, Farn.su ortlu Feriy, Fieneh,
Oarnctt, Gaitiell, Gilmer, Graham, Hardeman, John T.
Iiaina, Ilauon, Ilelmick, Hill, Houston, William A How-
ard,Jones, Junkm, Fiancts W. Kellogg, Kcnjon, Kllgore,
Killinger, Landium, James M. L«\ieh, Macla>, Elbcit tf.
Maitm, Maynard, MePhei-oi), Mile*, Million, I.ahan T.
Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Nel-on, I'almer, Point, Porter,
Potter, Pugh, Quailcs. Higg.-, llutfin, William Smith, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Somc>, Sjunncr. Stallvvoith, Stevens,
Stokes, Stout. Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins Vance, Yan-
dcvei, Van Wyck, Isiaei Washburn, and Wilson—"i2.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During1 the vote,
Mr. COX stated that he was paired with Mr.
Harris, of Maryland.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he was paired with
Mr. Wood.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Mr. Patton, one of its Clerks, notify-
ing the House that the Senate agreed to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
first amendment of the Senate to the Post Office
deficiency bill, and further insisted 011 its third
amendment to the said bill, and asked a committee
of conference;jtnd that the Senate had appointed
Messrs. Davis, Bright, and Harlan, managers
on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the conference be granted.
The motion was agreed to; and subsequently
Messrs. Washeurke of Illinois, Miles, and Tap-
pan were appointed managers on the part of the
House.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHERMAN, (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
