1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
very sorry to be obliged to interrupt the gentle- j!
man, but I had intended, before the close of this |
case, to coirect the gross misstatement made by I
the Committee of Elections, which he has just ;
quoted—a misstatement, of^ourse, unintentional, j
and from an imperfect examination of the case in j
regard to which it is made. The charge, it is true, ;
was set forth in argument two years ago, and was ]
transferred from that argument to the views of the !
minority of the Committee of Elections; but it j
never had any foundation in fact, and I regretted j
very much to see it repeated in the report and |
again placed upon the record, in this case. It im- >
putes to the contestant in that case the " trick- ;
cry," of which he could notbe capable and never I
was guilty, of attempting to extend the time for ;
taking testimony beyond the sixty days author-
ized by law. It all grow out of a mistake, which
was corrected promptly at the time. A notice was
given to take testimony, which was discovered,
subsequently, to be irregular, and was abandoned,
absolutely abandoned, in that case; and no testi-
mony was taken, except within fifty-five days
after answer, and it was so stated by me m argu-
ment two years ago. I took testimony upon the
last day, and upon the day previous to the last,
testimony was taken also by the sitting member.
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) 1 take my state-
ment of facts from the minority report in that case.
I know nothing more about it. But take the gen-
tleman's own explanation, and it makes that case j
altogether stronger than this, because in that case j
he took testimony on the last day; and he not |
only took testimony on the last day, but, as the 1
gentleman says, on fifty-eight days—or the no- i
tices coverediifty-eightdays; whereasmthiscase j
all the notices covered but twenty-4wo days.
Now, sir, the minority of the committee divide
their case off into two parts: first, the impeaching
affidavits as against Edgar, which thev place un-
der the heagi of "Appendix No. 1." t find there
six affidavits impeaching Edgar, and but six, al-
though I think the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Stevenson*] stated that there were eleven. My
impression at the time he spoke was, that there
were but six, and I find only six here. That,
however, is altogether immaterial.
Now, sir, as I have already said, the whole tes-
timony of Edgar relates to the exclusion of nine
votes returned"for the sitting member. The tes-
timony in the ease directly attacks and bears upon
at least five hundred and fifty-two votes returned
for the sitting member. His majority in the dis-
trict was seventy-live. If the case were made out,
and these nine votes were left in, it would only
make the difference in my majority that much.
If five hundred and fifty-two bad votes for the
sitting member arc proved by the printed testi-
mony, then, of course, it would leave me a ma-
jority of four hundred and seventy-seven, or there-
abouts. If these nine votes wen- still counted for
the sitting member, my majority, instead of being
four hundred and seventy-seven, would be four
hundred and sixty-eight.
Mr. COOPER. Does the gentleman pretend to
say that I received that number of illegal votes ?
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) I pretend just
what I say—no more and no less. That is the
theory of the case, and the testimony goes to es-
tablish that. It is not for me to say whether it
establishes it or not. But I say this: that by no
possibility could the case turn upon those nine
votes: and T would ask myself to have them ex-
cluded from my case, but for the reason of the
anfair way in which this witness V character has
been attacked. If he be impeached, then his testi-
mony should be excluded. If lie cannot be im-
peached, he ought not to be assailed in this way
by ex parte affidavits taken nearly twelve months
after he has testified. And, by the vpy, these
affidavits were taken the very day after the case
was postponed, as we supposed, for the purpose
of a hearing. Now, it makes no sort of difference
whether those nine votes are in or out.
* Appendix No. 2 contains two affidavits that go
to sustain the legality of the poll in the second
ward in the city of Detroit—the affidavits of
Walker and Chipman. Chipman was the attor-
ney for the sitting member when this testimony
was taken. They both of them swear that they
were at the polls "in the second ward more or loss
on the day of the election, and they think, on the
whole, that everything was pretty quiet. That is
the drift and effect of their testimony. The minor-
ity of the committee state that two witnesses have
testified that there was so much disturbance there
that the voters could not vote. I wish, for the
sake of accuracy, the number had been stated
correctly, although I do not believe for a moment
that any member of the committee would know-
ingly withhold an important statement, much less
would misstate any matter having an important
bearing upon the case of one or the other. Hut,
sir, it would have been more accurate if they had
said that the testimony of four witnesses bore
directly upon the fact which these affidavits at-
tempt to disprove—the testimony of Lamed,
Hornbeck, Stebbins, and Jackson. The testimony
of all four of them bears directly upon that point.
But, sir, it is immateiiol to the issue that is to
come before the House, whether this poll be sus-
tained in gross or not. If it be retained, it givws
the sitting member seventy-six votes, which was
his majority in that ward; if that ward be thrown
out, of couise it takes these seventy-six votes
from the number counted for the sitting member.
But, sir, in that ward there are some sixty votes
attacked in detail; so that it makes only a differ-
ence of about fifteen or sixteen whether Hie poll
be accepted or rejected. If it be thrown out, the
difference in my favor is seventy-six; if it be re-
tamed, sixty votes are attacked in detail, leaving
a difference of sixteen more in one case than in
the other.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the whole case. The
minority of the committee rest their case upon two
propositions: first, upon the ability of the sitting
member to impeach the character of Edgar, whose
testimony relates to nine votes; and second, upon
his abjlity to prove the legularity of the election
in the second ward, which gave him seventy-six
majority, which, if thrown out, would reduce his
number seventy-six; but, as I have said, if re-
tained, would still reduce the vote by the number
of sixty, which have been attacked in detail as
illegal. The minority of the committee refer for
their proof to appendices Nor. 1 and 2, the re-
sult of which 1 have given. Suppose, then, this
application is granted, and the sitting member
proves all that lie alleges: what is the result? No.
1 relates to nine votes; No. 2 to sixteen votes;
giving a total of twenty-five votes out of the five
hundred and fifty-two that are attacked. That is
all the sitting member proposes to accomplish in
the rebutting testimony that he has been able to
huntup,after having waited fourteen months from
the notice of contest, and three months after the
meeting of Congress. I repeat it, sir, the prop-
osition he makes is to sustain twenty-five votes
out of the five hundred and fifty-two 1 have at-
tacked.
Mr. Speaker, I submit that this case is without
a parallel in the history of a legislative body.
Never before did a man wait for fourteen months,
admitting himself that under the law he was re-
quired to act within sixty days, and then come to
this House three months after Congress meets,
and coolly ask permission to disprove the testi-
mony taken m reference to twenty-five votes out
of five hundred and fifty-two—or, m othci words,
of one out of twenty-two—asset ting that he can
disprove the testimony in reference to one, but
saying nothing about the other twenty-one. Was
there ever such a case of laches? Was thercever
a case so utterly without excuse? Was there ever
a case where the proposed showing was so utterly
frivolous?
Now, then, as to the point on which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] indulged
in so pathetic an appeal. He says, and they say
m the mmoiity report, that this is a peculiar case,
because it proposes to impeach witnesses that were
; sworn on the last day, and that Mr. Cooper could
■ not impcach them because he could not give ten
| days' notice. Sir, if you adopt this as a rule,
! every single case would have the same peculiarity,
; because all either party would have to do would
, be to get some ex parte affidavit going to impeach
1 some one of the witnesses sworn sometime within
j the last ten days. He would then have the pie-
1 cise case that is presented here.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 ask the gentleman if
the sitting member could have legally examined
witnesses to impeach the testimony given within
the last two or three days of the time allowed for
taking testimony, and I ask him if a case ever oc-
curred m which permission was asked to impcach
the veracity of witnesses who were so examined r
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) Any witness
examined the last nine days before the time of
taking testimony expires might be attacked in the
same way, and that made the excuse for further
continuance. Now, then, suppose this ease should,
bo opened; supposa that after the thirty days
v.'hieli the sitting member asks for, wc come back
here and should think on the whole that the tes-
timony was rather against me, and should say to
the Committee of Elections, '* one of the witnesses
axammed aboutfivc or six days before the thirty
days run out swore to a lie, and I can impeach
him. I will not undertake to contradict what he
says, but I will prove that his character for ve-
racity is bad ;"and the House give me thirty days,
and so on: do not gentlemen see that die con-
troversy would never come to an end? There
-must be a hist word somewhere and sometime;
and I insist, that toopen acase upon such a show-
ing, where there is nothing but laches from be-
ginning to end; where there is not one solitary
excuse, where there is no sort of importance to
what is proposed to be proved, where the allega-
tions which it ia proposed to prove are utterly
frivolous, only attaching to one out of twenty-
two of the votes I have attached, would be such a
case as way never heard of. I submit that the
peculiarities of this case are three: that there are
greater laches than wore attached to any case
coming before this body; that it is more entirely
without excuse and without reason; and that the
proposed showing is more utterly frivolous. And
again, 1 submit to gentlemen that if this case is to
be opened because the witnesses were examined
on the last day, why should not the Vallandig-
ham case, in which testimony was taken notonly
on the last day, but on almost every other of tho
sixty days by the contestant? Is there so much
difference between your bull and our ox, or be-
tween our bull and your ox? And again, 1 ask
you if this House, byan almost unanimous vote,
would have rejected the application of Mr. Wil-
liamson, had they believed him to be under the
law of 1851, how shall they open this when they
admit thatsjt comes legitimately under the Jaw,
and when the laches which gentlemen claimed in
Ins case are parallel in this, and run four weeks
later? I ask if the sixty-four members who voted
against lus application yesterday will now vote
for opening this case5
Mr. Speaker, I have already detained the House
longer than I had intended, and will yield the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield to any gentle-
man on the other side who may wish to speak to
the resolution.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, there avc cer-
tain general principles applying to cases of con-
tested elections that should always be observ«d
by the Hnust*. In every case that has come be-
fore this body, my own course has invariably
been controlled by them, whatever may have been
the nature of contest, and whether they applied
favorably or unfavorably to any political friend
or political opponent. It was because of the ap-
plication of these principles that I felt myself con-
strained to vote, at the last Congress, against the
claim of my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Vallandioham,] and I shall apply those princi-
ples to the decision of the ease now under consid-
eration.
There arc,I think*,Mr. Speaker, only two modes
of election in any of the States af this Union: first, "
where the votes arc given fira voce, and cachvoier
discloses lus choice; and next, where the election is
made by ballot, and the elector's votes cannot be
known. Letmesayawordin reference to the rules
which govern the decisions of cascB where the elec-
tion is viva voce. A man who proposes to con test the
seat of a member m ust give him notice of the ground
of objection. If it be the fraud of the returning
officer, he must allege the fraud. If it be that vio-
lence and tumult prevailed at the election, the par-
ticulars of time, place,and circumstance, must be
alleged. If illegal votes were received, then I hold
it to be the duty of the contestant to givv the names
of the illegal voters. He nuist state his general
| ground of complaint that illegal votes were received
1 at the election, and he must then give in detail the
j name of each voter whose right to vote is denied,
j If a man knows that illegal votes were given, he
!.knows, or oujjht to know, by whom they w<?re
: given; and if he doe3 not know by whom they
j were given, he has no right to aver that they were
I given at all; for votes unchallenged on tho poll
