1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man from Kentucky, as a lawyer, had Mr. Allen
a right to remove an officer appointed by the res-
olution of the House ?
Mr. BURNETT. As a lawyer, I say that Mr.
Shirley is not entitled to a cent for services not
performed.
Mr. TOMPKINS. This man Shirley was ap-
pointed undera joint resolution of this House, and
expressly by name.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not a joint resolution.
Mr. TOMPKINS. By a resolution of this
House, at any rate. I say that the Clerk of this
House had no right to remove Mr. Shirley. Mr.
Shirley has been here almost every day. I saw
him almost every day during the last Congress.
He was ready to discharge the duties of the office
from which he was improperly removed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I make the point of order
that this subject is not now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want the commit-
tee to suppose that this Shirley controversy is at
all concerned in this appropriation. The bill has
nothing to do with Shirley. The facts in regard
to it are these. By the resolution of 16th August,
185G, a man by the name of Shirley was appointed
to take charge of the south wing of the Capitol
extension. When Mr. Allen came in as Clerk
of the House, he claimed the power of removing
him. Shirley disputed the claim. Allen appoine3
a man by the name of Hartaagh. Hartaugh
drew his pay. The question has been settled as
has been Stated by the Committee of Accounts.
This appropriation is for the next fiscal year, and
for an officer who is legally in charge of this part
of the extension of the Capitol. I do not care
who the man is, if he is to be continued in office,
he ought to have his pay provided for.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the amendment,
and move the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of this appiopriation is to be paid
to Cliailes 15. Shirley.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I move tp strike outthe words
in reference to the mail boys. Have we not more
than two mail boys ? *
Mr. SPINNER. Wehavc two permanent mail
boys and two temporary mail boys, who are dis-
charged nt the end of the session.
Mr. BRANCH. I think that it would be best
to put them together. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend lines one
hundred and twenty-three and one hundred and
twenty-four, by striking out the words " and the
messenger ill charge of the south extension,
$3,300,'" and insert after the word " cach," the
words " eighteen hundred dollars;" so that the
clause shall read;
For two mail boys, at §900 each, ^1,800.
As 1 have amended the clause, the appropria-
tion applies only to the two mail boys. A con-
troversy seems to have arisen ill respect to the
person who has charge of the south extension.
I believe the Doorkeeper of this House has an
ample force to take charge of every room in this
Capitol; and if that be so, why appropriate §1,500
more for the purpose of employing an additional
man > And if the Doorkeeper of this House is
unable, with the present force under his charge,
to take charge of the Capitol, which is assigned
to him, let him report the fact to the House, and
by a resolution I am willing to add another man
to his force.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire whether
theie are not watchmen specially appointed to
take care oi" the Capitol?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly, we have a Capitol
police outside of this arrangement, partly paid by
the Senate and partly paid by the House. 1 hope
my amendment may be adopted.
Air. SHERMAN. I hope it will be adopted,
to put an end to this controversy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend line
one hundred and twenty-six by striking out
"$40,000," and inserting " §20,000;" so that the
clause shall read:
For miscellaneous items, $20,000.
I will say, ia the commencement, that I do not
expect that the committee will adopt my amend-
ment, nor do I believe they would strike out this
appropriation if it were one hundred and forty
thousand dollars. Now, I say there is no neces-
sity for this appropriation of $40,000 except in
the event of the death of members of Congress
whose remains are sent home by order of the
House. Forty thousand dollars were appropri-
ated last year, and though not a single member
of Congress has died at the capital, yet there is
not a solitary dollar of that appropriation remain-
ing. It is true, that whenever a member of Con-
gress dies, a marble shaft is placed in the Con-
gressional Burial Ground, on which his name is
inscribed. [A Voice. It is sandstone.] Itmay
be sandstone; but as to that matter I am not in-
formed. However, shafts are placed there.
Then there are additional expenses about the
Capital which are included in the $20,000—in
your cloak-room, for instance, about which some
gentlemen may have heard something during the
last canvass. But of that matter I have no actual
knowledge, and I will not pursue it further.
I say I have no idea that the committee will
strike out the $20,000, though there is no neces-
sity for it. It is actually nothing more or less
than $40,000 given to your Clerk to distribute
among those who, perhaps, may need it; and per-
haps he may consider himself the most needy of
all. But I cannot say about that. But you can-
not expend $40,000 about this Capitol; you can-
not get up vouchers for that amount. Gentlemen
say it is needed to mend furniture. Yes, it may
be said t® be needed for a thousand things, and
yet #20,000 would be an ample amount to cover
the whole.
I repeat that I do not expect that the committee
will adopt my amendment to reduce this appro-
priation $20,000; but I felt it my duty to make it,
and to bring it before the committee for their
action.
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the clause
in relation to the appropriation for the Congres-
sional Globe, by adding thereto the following
proviso:
Provided furthci, That the pubKt-her of the Globe shall
fold, bind, and deliver to the order of the House, the copied
of the Glufoc ordered by the Thirty-Sixth Congress for the
member# and Delegates of the pie&ent Confess, at ttie
price of sixty-three cents per volume for each volume
bound.
At the first session of the Thirty-Third' Con-
gress the Senate and the House of Representatives
inserted in an appropriation bill a provision re-
quiring the publisher of the Congressional Globe
to fold and bind the same at sixty cents per vol-
ume. That bill passed this House, but, by some
means or other, m enrolling the bill, the provision
was left out. From that time down to the present
the binding of the Congressional Globe for the
House of Representatives has been let out by the
Clerk.
I desire to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that this binding has cost eighty-four
cents, seventy cents, and but once sixty cents, per
volume, since that provision was left out of the
appropriation bill. In the Thirty-Third Congress
this binding was let out to Mr. Gideon, of this
city. He was to bo paid sixty cents per volume;
and yet, under a resolution of this House which
provided for extra compensation for its employes,
the then Clerk of this House paid to him twenty
per cent, additional compensation, and the Clerk
of the House of the Thirty-Fourth Congress also
paid him twenty percent. That made the binding
of the Globe cost eighty-four cents per volume.
This letting out of the Congressional Globe for
the House of Representatives is, so far as I know,
without authority of law, and without any author-
ity whatever except common consent. I want now
to provide for this matter, and to fix the price for
the folding and the binding of the Globe; and
therefore I oifer, as a proviso to this section of the
bill, that the publisher of the Globe shall fold,
bind, and deliver the same to the order of the
House of Representatives at the price specified.
My object is to provide that the binding shall
be well done. Any gentleman who will examine
the copies of the Globe which we get, and com-
pare them with those furnished to the Senate,
cannot fail to perceive a marked difference in the
manner in which the binding is done. That is
unfair to the House; while, at-the same time, ear
binding costs the most money. I; want to, take
away from the Clerk this matter of letting ©ut the.
binding. I desired to do so last session; and gen-
tlemen who were here at the last Congress will
bear me witness that 1 called the attention of the
House to this matter, when the chief clerk of -the
House informed me that the binding had already
been let out; though it turned out finally that it
had not been.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that it might be well to mod-
ify his amendment, so that it shall read, " at a
price not exceeding sixty-three cents."
Mr. BURNETT. I will accept the modifica-
tion suggested by the gentleman.
Tiie amendment, as modified, was then agreed
to.
Mr. PRYOR. I move to amend, by striking
out the following lines:
" For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and Delegate of the second ses-
sion ot the Thirty-Sixth Congress,$17,424: Provided, That
the entire eost of each copy shall not exceed six dollars for
the first annual session, and three dollars for the second
annual session."
The words embraced in this and the following
clauses for the Glebe newspaper, appropriate, in
the aggregate, for the House and Senate, some
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year for
printing the debates and proceedings of Congress,
Mr. Chairman, I object to that appropriation, be-
cause it is a superfluous expenditure. I maintain
that the desideratum which the Globe is intended
to supply is already satisfied by the independent
press of the country. I affirm that those gentle-
men in the gallery supply to the independent
newspapers of the country better reports of the
debates and proceedings in this body than ara
furnished by the gentlemen to whom we pay this
exorbitant stipend. I do not mean to assert that
they are literally more correct, but I do say that
they give a more exact and faithful transcript
of what occurs and is said in this House than
is given by the regular reporters. They do not
reproduce everything said here, because every-
thing said here is not worth reporting. When-
ever a speech is delivered of adequate merit, and
of interest to the country, it is reported by tha
writers of the independent press.
I object to this appropriation again, because
the gentlemen connected with the Globe estab-
lishment do not accurately represent the debates
and proceedings of this House—not that I intend
to impeach their professional ability, for that is
admirable and above criticism. A member rises
and sallies out into an impromptu utterance of
unpremeditatedspeech. He suspends the publica-
tion of his remarks for a time. At length they ap-
pear, and lo ! they are metamorphosed into a well-
digesled and most elaborate essay, in no regard
the speech which he actually delivered. Another
member gets up and makes a speech full of his-
torical inaccuracies and logical fallacies; and a
gentleman replies and exposes these errors $nd
sophistries of argument. When this debate ap-
pears, we find that the gentleman who was thus
discomfited in discussion has corrected his speech
by the light of his adversary's explanations; and
the latter is placed in the absurd juxtaposition of
appearing to criticise blunders which have not
been committed. You and I know, and every
gentleman here knows, that no speech is ever
delivered which does not afterwards undergo
amendment and expurgation.
Again: it strikes me as a most egotistical and
absurd thingfor members of Congress to be voting
one hundred and fifty to two thousand dollars a
year out of the public Treasury to report and
print their own speeches. If the people want
these speeches, the independent press will sup-
ply the demand, because the enterprise and re-
sources of the press are adequate to any ob ject of
public interest. If the people do not need these
reports, then they are published merely to gratify
the individual vanity of members of the House.
Sir, this tiling is an anomaly. There is no insti-
tution on the earth Analogous to the Globe news-
paper. In England, in France, in Prussia, in
Sardinia, wherever a representative assemblage
exists, there is no subsidized press to report the
speeches of members. That is left to independent
journalism. Take, for example,the British Par-
