1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 21, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. E.ANE. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal,
Mr. MASON. I think it is important to have
the Journal read, and I must insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the reading must be proceeded with.
The Journal was read and approved.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the chief cleric of the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with an order
of the Senate of the 20th instant, the bill (H. R.
No. 231) for the relief of Isaac S. Smith, of Syra-
cuse, New York, with the papers accompanying
it; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a com-
munication from the secretary of the Historical
Society of Pennsylvania in relation to a calendar
now in preparation by the British Governmentof
all papers relating to the early history of Amer-
ica, and recommending that proper measures be
taken by Congress for procuring copies thereof;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of William
Roddy, praying that he may be appointed to fill
the vacancy made by the death of William Mann,
one of the employes of the Senate, and that he
may be paid the same rate of compensation as
other white persons employed under the Senate;
which was referred to the Commilte to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, Tiiat llle papeis on the files of the Senate, re-
latuig to Uic claim of LouifaRobeiis, be iclencd totlieCourt
of Claims.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House insists upon its amendment to the first
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. II. No.
503) making farther appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the fis-
cal year ending the 30th of June, 18G0, disagreed
to by the Senate, and farther insists upon ltsdis-
agicement to the third amendment of the Senate
to the said bill; agrees to the conference asked by
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Ellihu
B. Washburke of Illinois,Mr. William Porcjier
Milks of South Carolina, and Mr. Mason W.
Tappax of New Hampshire, managers at the
same on the part of the House.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had receded from its disagreement to the third,
fourth, eighth, eleventh, fifteenth and a half, six-
teenth, and seventeenth amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 339) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1861, and agrees to the .said
amendments. Also, that the House had receded
from its disagiccment to the eighteenth and twen-
tieth amendments of the Senate to the said bill,
and agrees to the said amendments with amend-
ments, in'which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested. Also, that the House had fur-
ther insisted upon its disagreement to the twelfth,
thirteenth, fourteenth, nineteenth, twenty-first, ,
twenty-second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth j
amendments of the Senate to the bill, insisted on |
by the Senate, asks a further conference on the j
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and j
had appointed Mr. Justix S. Morrill of Ver- '
mont, Mr. John" S. Piielfs of Missouri, and Mr. j
William A. Howard of Michigan, managers at j
the same on the part of the House. I
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. j
The message further announced that the House |
had concurred in the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 501) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced thattheSpeak-
. er of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H.
j R. No. 44) confirming certain land entries under
' the third section of the act of March 3, 1855,
entitled "An act making appropriations 'for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856*," and
it was signed by the Vice President.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had ordered, on yesterday at eleven o'clock and
twenty-eight minutes, the printing of a letter of
the Secretary of War, communicating copies of
correspondence on file in the War Department,
not heretofore published, having reference to Gen-
eral Harney's administration of the department
of Oregon.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Res-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 19th instantfnhe following acts:
An act (II. R. No. 305) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 365) for the relief of Josiah
Atkins;
An act (H. R. No. 407) granting an invalid
pension to Ezekjcl Jones;
An act (H. R. No. 521) to incorporate the East
Washington Library Association; and
An act (H. R. No. 663) to authorize divorces
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
He also approved and signed, on the 20th in-
stant, an act (II. II. No. 350) making appropria-
tions for light-houses, beacons, buoys, &c.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. II.
No. 807) to authorize the icissue of land warrants
in certain cases, and for other purposes, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution submitted by
Mr. Green, on the 15ih instant, to print extra
copies of the report of the select committee on
the Harper's Perry invasion, the views of the
minority of said committee, the testimony, &c.,
reported it without amendment, and the resolu-
tion was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of the re-
poits of the m.ijoiily ami uunorUy of the select committee
on theHai pen's Foi iy invasion, with the testimony accom-
panying, and other papeis, be printed, for the Use of' the
Senate."
EVENTS IN ITALY.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
1 mitted by him on the 19th instant; and it was
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to eommuni-
eate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, eopios of vueh portions of the dispatches of the
minister of the United States at Turin as relate to the oc-
curence of recent public events in Italy.
CALIFORNIA AND WASHINGTON MAIL.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate take up
bill H. R. No. 715. It is a bill that provides for
a mail service between Sacramento, in California,
and Oiympia, in Washington.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 115) to establish a mail six
times a week from Sacramento, m California, to
Oiympia, in the Territory of Washington. It
directs the Postmaster General to so modify the
contract with the contractors now performing
services on routes 12543 and 12555 as to provide
for the conveyance of the entire United States
mail in four-horse stages, daily, at a schedule
of seven days from April 1 to December 1, and
twelve days the remainder of the year, from Sac-
ramento, via Yreka, Jacksonville, Ro.seburg,Oak- I,
land, and Sah-m, to Portland, Oregon, for a com- |j
| pensation of $90,000 per year, the contract to :■
i expire September 15, 18G4; and the Postmaster ||
! General is also directed to establish a service six !i
times a week, at a schedule of thirty-six hoqrs 
throughout the year, from Portland, Oregon, via
Vancouver, St. Helen 5s, and Monticello, to Oiym-
pia, in Washington Territory, by a contract,
a rate of compensation not to exceed the rate per
mile allowed from Sacramento to Portland, with
steamer service from Portland to Cowlitz, and
from Cowlitz to Oiympia by four-horse stages;
and the Postmaster is also directed to discbntinue
the ocean scrvicc from San Francisco to Oiympia,
via Portland and Astoria, Oregon, so soon as the
service contemplated by this act is established.' '
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the word "General" will be inserted in
the bill after the word "Postmaster." It is an
accidental omission. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I should like to have some in-
formation about this bill: whether it is recom-
mended by the Post Office Department, or comes
fron? a committee of this body.
Mr. GWIN. I will state that it is a House
bill, was reported from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads in the House of Rep-
resentatives, came to the Senate, and has been
reported by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads of this body. It is to establish a
daily line of stages from Sacramento, by Port-
land, to Oiympia, m the place of a semi-monthly
service, at a diminution of expense of $10,000,
and six times a week instead of semi-monthly.
We get twenty-four trips a month, instead of two,
at $10,000 less expense, going through the most
populous portions of California, Oregon, and
Washington.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man one question. I wish to ask why, if we es-
tablish mail routes, the whole subject of these mail
routes should not be left to the Postmaster Gen-
eral ?
Mr. GWIN. I will state that the route goes
over two mountains, the Trinity mountains and
the Scott river mountains; and that there is avast
expense necessary to make the road. That ex-
pense has already been incurred; and it is neces-
sary, in order to meet the expenses that the con-
tractors on the routes that are named, and the
persons in the neighborhood, have had to un-
dergo, amounting to probably one hundred thou-
sand dollars, in making these roads, to give them
a contract to run for a series of years to carry
the mails through this part of the country. It is
through the heart of the population of those two
States; and it supersedes a service which is only
semi-monthly.
Mr. COLLAMER. That semi-monthly mail
is carried to Oiympia from the Columbia river.
Mr. GWIN. It is carricd from San Francisco
to Oiympia.
Mr. COLLAMER. By water?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. You mean around by Pu-
gets5 Sound5
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it to supersede that al-
together ? „
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why should not the Post-
master General have the subject in his own hands,
and if we establish a mail route, let him put it in
operation ?
Mr. GWIN. He has it all in his own hands.
He will not establish this route unless he discon-
tinues the other. It gives us this service daily,
which is of great importance—going through the
heart of the population of those two States—and
discontinues the other. He has the power in his
own hands.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 am going to vote for this
bill. I have examined it somewhat, and 1 think
it is right. It will be a saving to the finances of
the Government, I think, if I am right, of some
fifty thousand dollars a year, by discontinuing*
the steamer service. While I do this, I want to
see how consistent gentlemen are on the other
side of the Chamber. We had up the Post Office
deficiency bill, and we were told it was perfectly
horrid to put any executive detail into that bill
for service; and we have got up a bill here now
advocated by the very Senators who fought that
to desperation because it had a very little of detail
m it. Here you have got a bill that carries out
the whole thing. I think it all right enough, and
1 am going to vote for it; but I want to see men
