8204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
change frcmt who were so very violent yesterday
about putting a little detail in another bill
' The bill was teported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. LATHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Committee oh Enrolled Bills is without
the requisite number. I believe 1 am the only
member left, and I move that the Chair fill the
number temporarily. One member,! believe, has
left the city for the session, and the return of the
other is very doubtful. Therefore I move that
the Vice President be authorized to fill the vacan-
cies temporarily.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Chesnut
and. Mr. Ten Eyck were appointed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to rcconsider the vote of the Setoate
made on yesterday, concurring; in the amendment
of theHousetotheSenatebill No. 104,withaview
of submitting an amendment which I am certain
will meet with the approbation of all and cause
question and discussion nowhere. It will give
rise to no debate, and cannot take a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire action on the motion now?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas moves to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate concurred in the amendment of the
House to the Senate bill No. 104, for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in the States of Flor-
ida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and for
other purposes. " The Secretary will road the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read the amendment of the House
of Representatives, on pnge 11, to add after line
three,.at the end of the bill, the following:
And all claims presented or sued upon, according to the
provisions of this act, within the said term of live years,
may be prosecuted to a final doteimination and decision,
notwithstanding the smd term of five years may have ex-
pired before such final determination and decision.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Now, sir, I will state the
object of reconsidering the vote. However, I will
sutler the vote to be taken on the reconsideration
first.
Mr. POLK. I would rather that the Senator
should state the object first.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Very well. The object I
have in reconsidering the vote concurring simply
and without condition in that amendment is this:
I wish the Senate to concur in it with an amend-
ment to strike from the bill the name of the State
of Arkansas wherever it occurs. The provisions
of that bill we do not wish to be applicable to the
State; and of course there will be no question
about that.
Mr. POLK. I think there will be no objection
to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the reconsideration of the vote by wliich the
Senate agreed to the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to concur in the
amendment, with an amendment, to strike out the
word "Arkansas" wherever it occurs in the ori-
ginal bill or amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that the amendment has
not the name of Arkansas in it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. But the original bill has.
The VICE PRESIDENT. You cannot amend
the original bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Not by way of concur-
rence with the House amendment?
Mr. GREEN. A conference can do it.
'Mr. SEBASTIAN. I may be ignorant of the
way of proceeding to come at the desired ob-
ject- 
Mr. GREEN. Disagree to the amendment,
and let it go to a conference. They can do any-
thing.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I will take the form
suggested by the Senator from Missouri, and ask
that the Senate disagree to the House amendment,
and ask a committee of conference. It can be ac-
complished very readily in that way.
Tfoe YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
ArWi&a^ r^oyes that the Senate disagree to the
amendment of JJpuse,ask for a committee
of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what the bill is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is a bill in
regard to private land claims. I will state, in re-
gard to it, that we have no unsettled private land
claims in the State of Arkansas that we ore aware
of. There aro large claims that have long since
passed away, or that are so regarded in the State;
and there is no desire on the part of any one what-
ever to take up this subject and legislate upon
them in Congress. The only result will be to
unquiet all the land titles there, and maybe raise
up cases that we know nothing about. We ask
that the name of Arkansas be stricken out of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas moves that the Senate disagree to the
amendment of the House, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the commit-
tee of conference on the part of the Senate was
ordered to be appointed by the Vice President;
and Mr. Sebastian, Mr. Polk, and Mr. Doo-
lit'm.e were appointed.
MRS. A. W. Alfeus.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill for the relief of the widow of Captain Angus,
of the Navy. It will take no time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of
Mrs. A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain
Samuel Angus, United States Navy. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Anne W.
Angus, widow of Captain Samuel Angus, of the
United Status Navy, deceased, the amount of pay
which he would have received if he had remained
in the Navy from the date of his dismissal to the
date of his death, at the same rate lie was drawing
when dismissed; and that she be placed in all
-respects as to pension as she would have been
had her husband not been dismissed the service;
this allowance to be in full of all her claims.
Mr. HALE. I now ask the ear of the Senate
for a very few moments, while I state the object
of this bill; and I can state it briefer than the re-
port. Captain Angus was a distinguished officer
of the Navy of the United States, and whilst Mr.
Monroe was President, he wrote a very insulting
letter to the Secretary of the Navy, for which he
was promptly dismissed. It turned out, upon
subsequent examination, that Captain Angus was
crazy when he wrote the letter. Of that there was
the fullest evidence before the committee. After
he had a lucid interval, he went and presented his
case to Mr. Monroe, who had then retired from
the Presidency, and Mr. Monroe wrote a letter to
Mr. Adams, now on the files of the Department,
stating that it would comport with justice and hu-
manity to restore Captain Angus to the place from
which he had been dismissed; but, owing to the
state of Ins mind, he being subject to those fits of
insanity, (and I should remark here, it is in testi-
mony that this insanity was caused by a severe
wound on his head, which he received in the bat-
tles of his country,) he was not restored; but he
was given a pension. Various applications have
been made to Congress, and a very full investi-
gation has been made by the committee of this
subject, and a full correspondence had with the
Department. The committee were satisfied that
Captain Angus was insane, and that for what he
did while he was laboring under a fit of insanity
he had been most unjustly dismissed, and died.
The committee propose, by this bill, to do to his
widow what would have been her right if he had
not been thus unjustly dismissed. That is just
exactly the case. The House has passed the bill,
and the comrnitteeof the Senate recommend it.
While I am up, I wish to make a single remark
which may be necessary. 1 wish to state to the
Senate that but one member of the committee, the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] was op-
posed to the passage of this bill. He was willing
to give Mrs. Angus everything the bill gave her
by way of pension, but desired the claim for the
back pay to go over to the next session; and he
requested me not to call the bill up while he was
absent. I supposed, at the time, that it would be
a mere temporary absence. lie has now been
absent four days, and there are but two days left
of the session; and on consultation with some
friends, who thought I would not be justified in
delaying it longer, as the bill has been intrusted
to my care, I have called it up; and while I wish
to do full justice to the Senator from Louisiana,
and everybody else, I wish also to do justice to
the case and to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time.
Mr MALLORY. I have one word to say be-
fore the bill passes. As chairman nf the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I should have deemed it
my duty to make the explanation which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has made, in regard
to the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell.]
He was the only one who objected to it. He
gave me the same notice; and I have requested
the Senator from New Hampshire, up to this
time, not to call the bill up; but for the reasons
the Senator from New Hampshire has stated, I
would not further press it.
The bill was passed.
IIAYM M. SALOMON.
Mr. HAMLIN. Some days since, when we
wore considering the Private Calendar, I objected
to the consideration of a bill for the relief of tfaym
M. Salomon. It is a bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. I have given
the subject my careful attention; 1 have looked
it all over; and I can sec no earthly reason why
it should not pass. It is a claim that the Gov-
ernment ought to pay, if we ought to pay for bor-
rowed money. I ask the Senate to take up that
bill for consideration.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will allow
the bill to be taken up, and then he can make his
report.
Mr. MALLORY. I thought it was taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
the motion of the Senator from Maine to take up
the bill (S. No. 263) for the relief of Haym M.
Salomon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will now give way to the
Senator from Florida.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MALLORY, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 500) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, made the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
tlio two Houses on tiie bill (II- 11. No. 500) making appro-
bations tor the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 11561, having met, have, after full and free confer
enco, agreed to lccommcnd, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate do recede from its second and seventh
amendments.
That the House of Representatives do reecde from its
disagreement to the fifth and eighth amendments of the
Senate.
That the Senate do concur m the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the. sixth amendment of the
Senate.
That the House of Representatives do concur in the
ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelsth amendments of the
Senate, with an amendment, as follows:
Stnke out the Senate's amendments (ninth, tenth,
eleventh, and twelfth) and in lieu thereof inseit:
~2nd be it fmthcr enacted, That the sum of $"10,000 be,
and the same is heieby, apptopuated to enable the Piesident
to send some competent por.sou or persons to the Isthmus
nf Chiiiqut, whose duty it ^hall bo to examine into, and
repoit upon, the quality and probable quantity ot coal to be
found tlieic upon the lands of the Chirtqut Improvement
Company; upon the chaiacter of the haibois of Chmqui
lagoon ami Golfito; upon the practicability of building a
raihoad aeio>s said isthmus,so as to connect said haibors;
and gem-ially upon the value of the privileges contacted
toi in a conditional lontiuct made on the 21-st day of May,
1859, between Isaac Toucey, the Sccretaiy ot the Navy of
the United States, and Ambro-e YV. Thompson and the
Uinriqut Improvement Company.
a U. MALLORY,
WILLIAM BiGLER,
H. liAMLfjV,
Munagcis on the jjajt of the Senate.
F. II. MOUSE,
WARREN WJNSLOW,
C. F. ADAMS,
Managers on the part of the House of Rcpi aentatives.
Mr. MALLORY. This report contains the
usual verbiage, and perhaps I had better state its
substance, and the Senate will understand in a few
moments what the report is. The Senate put on
the House bill an amendment decreasing the ap-
propriation for the Nautical Almanac from $25,000
