1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3205
to $15,000. The committee of conference recom-
mend the Senate to recede from that amendment.
That is their first recommendation. The second
amendment of the Senate provided certain funds
to pay judges in California for claims growing out
of the adjudication of land claims in that State.
The recommendation is, that the Senate recede
from their amendment in that respect, for the rea-
son that the same provision has been passed by
the House in another bill. The House recedes
from its non-concurrence in the Senate amend-
ment for the amount of $1,500 for removing the
naval monument from the west front of the Cap-
itol to Annapolis. The House surrenders that
amendment to the Senate. The House leced^s
from its non-concurrence to the Senate amend-
ment of §5,000 for a die to test the gold coin and
guard against clipping the currency. The Senate
recedes from its non-concurrence to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives paying four
pursers' clerks the sum of $700 a year, as they
nave been heretofore paid, and to allow the sums,
instead of being checked against them.
The last amendment of the Senate was in rela-
tion to the contract with the Chinqiu company.
The committee recommend the Senate to recede
from its amendment and agree to an amendment
which the House committee accepts, which is to
allow $10,000 to be appropriated by the President
for the examination of the conl deposits, their
character, and the feasibility and practicability of
an inland route from the two harbors upon the
Gulf and upon the Pacific, of Golfito and Chiriqui,
and the general character of the privileges allowed
by contract entered into with the Secretary of the
Navy. Instead of the amendment, therefore, of
the Senate, appropriating $300,000, they recom-
mend an appropriation of $10,000 to carry out
this recommendation. Thatis all the report, with-
out the usual verbiage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The report was concurred in.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. YULEE, I rise to move a correction of
the Journal, which, I believe,is in order as a priv-
ileged question. **
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a privileged
question.
Mr. YULEE. I find I am recorded as having
voted against the substitute which I offered to the
amendment of the House upon the Post Office
deficiency bill. 1 did not vote at all; and if I was
understood to vote, it was a mistake. I ask,
therefore, the correction of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida asks that the Journal be corrected, he
having been reported in the negative, and the Sen-
ator fays he did not vote. The Chair heais no
objection, and the Senator's name will be erased.
IIAYM M. SALOMON.
Mr. MASON". The stage of the session, and
the joint resolution to terminate it on Monday
next, make it necessary, I should think, that wc
should devote this day to executive business. I
therefore move to postpone the prior orders, with
a view to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to allow me
five or ten minutes.
Mr. MASON. With that understanding, 1 will
y The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill of the
Senator from Maine is before the Senate.
The bill (S. No. 263) for the relief of Haym
M. Salomon was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretaiy of the Treasury to cause to be paid
to Haym M. Salomon, only surviving son and
legal representative of Haym Salomon, deceased,
or to his legally appointed attorney or attorneys,
administrators, or assigns, the amount of indebt-
edness due from the United States to Haym Sal-
omon at the time of his death, as the same shall
appear from the inventory filed by lus adminis-
trators on the loth of February, 1785, in the court
of probate in Philadelphia, and sworn to on the
5th and 6th of August, 1846, being §353,729 43,
with interest upon &3G,114 of said sum, (being
eighty-nine certificates of the Treasury, and com-
missioner's certificates of* the Treasury,) from the
29th of December, 1845, the time of making first
application to Congress for relief, until the time
of payment; to be in full of all demands of Sal-
omon against the United States.
Mr. BRAGG. Is there any report ill that case ?
I see this is a bill of very considerable import-
ance. The amount involved is very large, lhad
no idea of it. I shall call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen-
ator from Maine will allow that bill to go over
for to-day. There are but ten minutes left of the
morning hour, and he cannot do anything with
it in that time; but in that time we may do other
little matters that can come up with propriety.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill is now before the
Senate, and the attention of Senators can be called
to it duiing the recess; and if the Senator from
Virginia will now make the motion to proceed to
the consideration of executive business, I will not
object to it.
Mr. MASON. I make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia to allow me to make a report
and ask the consideration of a resolution that
will occasion no debate, I think. If it does, of
course I shall give way.
Mr. MASON. I will yield for that, if there be
no debate.
PURCHASE OF BOOKS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands a joint
resolution (S. No. 39) authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to purchase certain books which
constitute a collection of the land laws of the
country. The committee have instructed me to
report.
Mr. KING. I am opposed to going into that
matter. I object to it.
The VICE'PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas is entitled to the floor. #«
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It jm not ma-
terial if the Senator does object. I do not think
he has any right to do so.
Mr. KING. It can only be done by unani-
mous consent, as there is a bill before the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Maine to give way to the
motion of the Senator from Virginia to go into
executive session; and the Senator from Virginia
gave way, by general consent, to the Senator
from Arkansas, and the Senator from Arkansas
was proccedm? to make a report.
Mr. MASON. I will say to the Senator from
Arkansas, I understand the Senator from New
York objects to the present consideration of the
resolution, which, of course, makes it lie over
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ai kansas. I think 1 have
a right to make my repoit upon the permission
given by the Senator fiom Vngmia.
* Thi VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands to report back
this joint resolution, with an amendment. I said
to the Senator from Virginia, that if it occasioned
any debate, or if it were objectd to, I should not
press it. The Senator from New York objected.
1 do not design to press it, if it is not acceptable
to the Senate.
This joint resolution must, of course, pass the
two Houses. It merely grams authority to make
a purchase of a number of books, containing a
collection, which has recently been compiled, not
only of all the law points, but it also furnishes a
vast number of decisions that are to be found in
the Departments relating to the public lands, and
to the fulfillment of official duties in all the vari-
ous land offices of the United States, as well asin
, the Pension Office and by pension agents. They
' are decisions and legal truths that are not to be
I obtained in any other way whatever, except in
the manusciiptat the Department; and it has been
deemed well by the Secretary of the Interior that
a sufficient number should be purchased, to be
placed in the hands of the different officers con-
nected with these branches of the public service,
if the passage of the resolution, which is recom-
mended by the Secretary of tile- Interior, 13 ob-
jected to, 1 shall not. insist on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the report
that the Senator makes?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask tlie unan-
imous consent of the Senate that the joint resolu-
tion may be put on its-passage. If it is objected
to, of course it must lie over.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to the report
being made; but I do object to acting upon it at
this time. I desire it to go over in order that I
may see what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be considered
to-day.
' EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I renew my motion for an ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to state, before
the question is taken on the motion of the Senator
from Virginia, that it had been my intention to
call Up the motion to reconsider the joint resolu-
tion which has been passed, relating to the public
printing. It was a reconsideration of a joint reso-
lution on which the Senate adopted an amendment
inserting twenty-five per cent., instead of forty
per cent.. If the Senator from Virginia thinks
that of consequence enough to be passed upon
now, very well.
Mr. MASON. I think we had better proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to learn from the Sen-
ator from Virginia whether this motion was made
in consequence of any pressing exigency, or
whether it was made for the purpose of attempt-
ing to get through with the executive business
which remains on the Calendar. IT there is no
special reason for it, I shall not vote to go into
executive session. I think we had better defer
that business until near the close of the session.
If we go into it to-day, we shall probably lose
most of the day on unimportant business; but if
there is a pressing necessity for it to-day, of
course 1 will vote with the Senator.
Mr. MASON. That honorable Senator knows
that there is a vast amount of executive business
that requires to be transacted. There is none of it
pressing to-day that I am aware of, orto-morrow;
but as the two Houses had extended the session
until next Monday, I thought it my duty to ask
an executive session, that that business might be
acted on, and thus save ourselves from having
night sessions on il at the close of our session. I
therefore make the motion,and ask that the ques-
tion be put.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 12; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., AWUOntlATIOtf BILL.
After some time spent in the consideration of
executive business, it was temporarily suspended.
Mr. HUNTER. Tile House has sent us a mes-
sage, announcing its action upon the bill (H. R.
No. 339) milking appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment tor the year ending the 30th of June,
18G1, in accordance with the agreement of the
committee of conference, as far as it has agreed.
I will proceed to siate the action of the committee,
and to move that we recede from certain amend-
ments in conformity with thataction. The House
has receded from its disagreement to the third,
fourth, eighth, eleventh, fifteenth and a half, six-
teenth, and seventeenth amendments of the Sen-
ate. The thiid amendment is to make an appro-
priation of £,30,000 fm lithographing and engraving
for the Senate. The fourth is the amendment in-
creasing the appropriation for the Globes of the
Senate."The eiffhth makes a verbal correction in
the appropriation for the volumes of the Supreme
Court reports. Theelevenlh provides for five extra
clerks employed in the Indian Office. Fifteenthand
a half-makes an appropriation of $750 for one hun-
dred and fifty copies of volume twenty-three of
Howard's reports of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to be furnished by the
reporter to the State Department, for distribution
under existing laws. The sixteenth and seven-
teenth are appropriations for the compensation of
the auxiliary guard in the city of Washington.
I move that the Senate recede from the twelfth
amendment, which is for pay of two special and
temporary clerks in the Indian Office, to be em-
ployed on the duties of issuing patents, investi-
gating and recording transfers of land under the
treaties with Indian tribes in the Territory of
Kansas, $2,COO. I move, also, that the Senate
recede from the thirteenth amendment, which is
