1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing in Rochester there was some disorder and a
division of opinion on the question of adopting
the resolution which condemns the sentiment that
the election of a President by] a constitutional ma-
jority, having views of public policy with which
the minority do not coincide, would furnish a just
cause for a dissolution of the Union, and which
pledges support to a President constitutionally
elected and protection in the lawful discharge of
his duties, from all enemies within or without, at
home or abroad. On that resolution the commit-
tee which reported the resolutions were equally
divided; on all the rest they were unanimous.
The resolutions were, however, all reported by
the committee and all adopted by the meeting, as
appears by the reportof their proceedings. I think
the division of the committee on the resolution
mentioned did not arise from any disagreement as
to the sentiment of the resolution, but from the
reluctance of the Democrats on the committee to
give expression to any sentiment that might offend
their party friends in Congress who are in the
habit of talking of a dissolution of the Union upon
the happening of this or that contingency.
The meeting at Rochester was called by a large
list of signatures, without distinction of party; and
1 especially call the attention of Senators on the
Democratic side of the Chamber, who have ex-
pressed a purpose to dissolve the tlnion of the
States if a Republican shall be elected to the oflicc
of President, to the fact that Democrats partici-
pated largely in the proceedings of the meeting.
The published letters from those not present, m
reply to invitations to attend the meeting, are all,
or nearly all, from prominent and distinguished
Democrats of the State, and all, every one of them
in favor of the Union. I can say to those Sena-
tors with entire confidence that, m any attempt
to carry into execution any such purpose as a dis-
solution of the Union, they would no more re-
ceive aid or comfort in New York from those who
act politically m the organization of the Demo-
cratic party, than they would from open and
avowed Republicans who denounce disuniomsts
as enemies of the country, no better than traitors.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dispo-
sition docs the Senator propose to make of the
resolutions just read ?
Mr. KING. I move that they be laid on the
table.
The motion was agieed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That Lydia Foul have leave to withdiaw her
petition and papers fiom the file* of tlie Senate.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of citizens of Cincinnati,
Ohio, praying that a system of instruction may be intro-
duced on board the United States ahips-of-war, as a means
of improving the personnel of the Navy, on the files of the
Senate, be relerred to the Committee on Naval Affair*.
Oil motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That Maiv B. Hook. widow of James H. Hook,
have leave to withdraw her pjtitnin and papeis from the
files ot tiic Senate.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Or'dered, That Saiah Smith Stafford, heir of James B.
Btatiord, have leave to withdiaw her petition and papers
irom tile liles 01 the Senate.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Bishop Potter, of New
York, and other cleigymen, and a memorial of Insurance
Companies of New York, piaying that a system of instruc-
tion may be introduced on board the United States ship*-
of-war, as a means of improving the pcrsonnclofthe Navy,
011 the files of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of the Governor and mem-
beis of the Legiblaiuie of the State of Vermont, praying
that a system of m&tiuctjon may he introduced on hoaul
the United States ships-oi-war. as a means of improving the
personnel of the Nav>, on the fiie^ of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Naval Afldhri.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of members of the Senate
of Maine, praying that a system ot instiuction may be in-
uodueed on board the United States ships-of-war, as a
means oi improving the -personnel of the Navj, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of executive officer-* and
ihemheis of the Legislature ot Connecticut, praying that a
system of instruction may be introduced on board the United
States ^hip^-of-war, as a means of improving the personnel
of the Navy, on the liles of the Senate, be referied l<> the
Committee on Naval ArtMr*.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of citizens of Ottawa county,
Michigan, praying for the construction of a harbor of refuge
at some suitable point on the eastern shore of JLake Mich-
igan, presented December 8,1859, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. DOOLIT.TLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Raymond Reynolds, a sol-
dier in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed a pension,
presented December 12, 1859, be referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of officers of the State and
members of the Legislature oi Wisconsin, praying the
adoption of a system of instruction for the improvement of
the personnel of the Navy, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of HAUN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Dr. A. T. Wright, praying
indemnity for losses sustained in consequence of his ex-
pulsion from Mexico, be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the reports of Major Delafield and of Major
Mordecai, of the United States Armt,as communicated to
the Senate on the 14th of May, 1856, by the Secretaiy of
War, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and Mihna.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of
Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel llandaii, deceased,
on the. filer-ot the Senate, be leferrcd to the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affair-; and Msltfia.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it wan
T Ordered, That the petition of George Phelps, a messenger
in the office of the Cluaiteunaster Geneial, praying to be
allowed compensation for the time he was employed after
oilice hours, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition ol Maiie Genand, sole lieirof
John Iludiy* piaymn the reimbursement of money advanced
and expended m 1FM and JKlo, by said Iludiy lor the Uni-
ted States, on the files of the Senate, be relerred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. GAVIN, it was
Ordered, That the, memoiial of Francis Huttmann pray-
ing remuneration tor the loss sustained m consequence of
the illegal proceedings of the collector of customs at San
Francisco, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. GWIN.it way
Ordered, That the papers m the case of S. W. Holliday
be withdrawn fiom the files of the Senate, and rcferied to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, 'That the memoiial of Fiankim Peale, praying
remuneration for his inventions and impiovements m the
maclnneiy and jnoee-ses foi rcfimm* and coining the pie-
ejous metal1*, of which the United States has received the
benefit, on the files ol the Senate, he refened to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph Wileomb, a soldier
in the war of l«12, pmying tor an invalid pension, on the
tile* of the Semite, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
IHLLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 4) to allow a credit to ccrtain
disbursing officers therein mentioned;*which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BINGHAM, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 39) for the relief of Arthur Edwards
and his associates; which was read twice by its
title, and referred, with the reportof the Court of
Claims, on the files of the Senate, on the claim of
A. Edwards, .T. Owen, and J. Davis, to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 30) for
the relief of Sheldon McKnight; which was read
twice by its title, and referred, with his petition
and papers on the files of the Senate, to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S.No.31) for the relief of Theresa Dardenne,
widow of Abraham Dardenne, deceased,and their
children; which was read twice by its title, and
referred, with the papers on the files of the Sen-
ate, to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 32) to increase and regulate th<^ pay
of the Navy; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to th<* Committee on Naval AfTViin:
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 33) to
modify the sea-service nay of pursers in the Navy;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
POST ROUTES IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution submitted by Mr. Gbvw, December
27, 1859; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing post routes from I>os Angeles, via Anheim, Saa
.Twin, Capietruno, San Louis Key, to San Diego, SanLouis
Rey to Temecula.
IIOUMAS LAND GRANTS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask that the petition of res-
idents and owners of the Houmaa lands in the
parishes of Ascension and Iberville, in the State
of Louisiana, praying that the act approved June
% 1858, to provide " for the location of certain
confirmed private land claims m the State of Lou-
isiana, ana for other purposes," maybe repealed,
and that Congress will direct any investigation it
may see fit into the subject of these claims, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
Under ordinary circumstanccs, Mr. President,
this petition should have taken the direction of
a reference to the Committee on Private-Land
Claims; but, inasmuch as the course of my col-
league directly, and of myself indirectly, in rela-
tion to the passage of the bill referred to as to the
matter involved in this petition has been impugned,
and my colleague is still chairman of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, 1 thinly it would
not be proper that this paper should take that
direction. The next most appropriate committee
would be the Committee on the Judiciary; and
I now make the motion that the reference bo made
to that committee; but I will not ask the present
consideration of the subject by the Senate. 1 wiU
defer the consideration of my motion until the
opposite parties, who I understand are now rep-
resented by their agents in Washington, shall
manifest a dissent from such a course. If they
think proper to ask for a special committee, or
suggest to me that it woultl be more agreeable to
them, and more promotive of the public interests,
that a special committee should be appointed for
that purpose, my colleague apd myself will very
chrcrfully assent to such a reference. My motion
now is, that the paper be taken from the files and'
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I do
not ask for the present consideration of the
motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to the
Senator, though I do not wish to object to his
couise at all, that he should rccolicct that his col-
league is also a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ought to observe that my
colleague in relation to this matter—I have anti-
cipated that objection—of course would not act as
a member of the Judiciary Committee, and would
not participate in its deliberation's. I do not wish
the present consideration of the subject. ] am
perfectly willing that, if the agents of these par-
ties who have made charges which I will not pre-
tend now to qualify by their proper name, are
desirous that a reference should be made to a select
committee, and do not desire its investigation by
the appropriate committee, I have no objection;
neither has my colleague.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
does not ask the consideration of the motion to-
day.
Mr. SLIDELL. I leave it until to-morrow. I
am perfectly willing that the Senator from Ver-
mont should make a motion for the reference to
a special committee, and I will accept it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I never had a man speak
tome on the subject in the world. I merely wished
to bring to the gentleman's mind the fact that his
colleague was on the Judiciary Committee, and he
could as well act on one committee as the other,
the Committee on Private Land Claims being the
appropriate committee ordinarily.
Mr. SLIDELL. The difference is this: my
colleague is chairman of the committee on Private
Lund Claims, and probably it would not be ex-
actly in order that he should not be present at the
deliberations of that committee. This objection
does not apply to the Judiciary Committee: and
if nny gentleman now present chooses to nm^nd
