1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
therefore have waited till the evidence was taken
before he could proceed to impeach him.
I think, sir, that I have said enough to show, at
least for my own personal consistency, that the
anticipated taunt of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] in regard to the sixty-four mem-
bers who voted yesterday against giving time, has
no application to me. But for that, and for the pur-
fose of asserting our entire consistency—although
am not so sensitive on the point of consistency
as many otheis gentlemen seem to be sometimes—
1 should not, perhaps, have troubled the House
at all.
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Willthegentleman
from Pennsylvania allow me a moment out of his
time ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I will
trouble the House for but a few moments. I de-
sire to be consistent and to be just 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio give way for a moment ? I wish to demand
the previous question at this time, and I will then
permit the gentleman to proceed in my time. I
move the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he intends
to press this resolution to a vote to-night ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is my intention. I
will forego, Mr. Speaker, the right to make the
closing argument in the case. I will only occupy
the House for five minutes, and then ask the
House to proceed and take the vote. I think I
would hardly be justified in carrying this case over
to another day. It ought to be closed to-night.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know that it makes
much difference, for it seems to be a foregone con-
clusion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before the question
be put on seconding the previous question, I de-
sire to say what I have to say 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Why not say it afterwards?
Let the previous question be seconded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will now give way to
the gentleman from Ohio for a few moments.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Asl said just now,
I shall detain the House but for a few moments.
I desire to be consistent, and at the same time to
be just. I do not concur in the argument of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] as to the
insufficiency of this notice. The usage in Virginia
upon which he bases his argument is peculiar to
that State, or possibly to all States in which the
viva voce mode of election .prevails. It has not
been the practice of this House from the organi-
zation of the Government to the present time.
Here the validity of every vote challenged is as-
sumed prima facie, and the party impeaching it is
required to prove it bad.
The statute of 1851 requires the names of the
electors whoso right to vote is called in question
to be specified in a notice other than that which
the contestant is required to give of his intention
to contest the election. I assume, therefore, that
it was the design of those who framed and enacted
the statute that the notice of contest need not
contain necessarily the names of such voters; but
that they should subsequently be furnished in the
notice given by the contestant, or by the sitting
member, as the case might be, when he proceeds
to take testimony. I admit, and maintain also,
that negligence gives no right to either party to an
extension of time. It must be conceded, however,
that this House has a right, in the exercise of a
sound^legal discretion under the act of 1851, to
permit supplementary testimony to be taken. In
my judgment, on looking over this case, the sit-
ting member has not used, 41 one respect, that
degree of diligence which would entitle him to
favor. Although the contestant, after having
given the requisite notice, failed to proceed with
due diligence himself to take testimony, the sit-
ting member nevertheless had a right, and indeed
was bound, so to do. He did not do it.
T rest, therefore, my vote in this case mainly
upon the distinction made by the minority in their
views of this'case; namely, that important testi-
mony on the part of the contestant was taken at
the very last period allowed by law; and that the
mam witness upon whom he relies to make out
his case, gave evidence upon the sixtieth or last
day limited by law. That, I think, is sufficient
to justify the House in allowing to the sitting
member an opportunity of taking rebutting testi-
mony.
One other consideration I might urge, which, to
me at least, though perhaps to me alone, would
be satisfactory. The contestant in this case was
a member of the Thirty-Fifth Congress. The
gentlemen of the majority of the Committee of
Elections rely upon a case that occurred during
that Congress, in which, as is well known, I had
no small interest. The contestant heard that en-
tire case. He thought it was a strong one on the
part of the then sitting member for further time,
and so think the majority of the committee now;
and yet, though not half so strong as the sitting
member's here, I find recorded among the " yeas,"
in favor of the extension then, the name of Wil-
liam A. Howard. Sir, I have very great confidence
in the judgment of that gentleman in cases where
he has no prejudice or concern; but he will pardon
me, I am sure, if that confidence is not extended
to a case in which I10 is personally and very pro-
foundly interested. I prefer to follow him m the
one in which he had no motive to go astray.
Here, in my judgment, is a clear case for further
time wherein to take rebutting testimony, at least.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am glad the gentleman
from Ohio referred to the fact that the contestant
in this case voted to give Mr. Campbell time to
take testimony in the case of Vallandigham vs.
Campbell, because I have no doubt that if Mr.
Howard, the contestant, were allowed to answer
the gentleman from Ohio, he could show that the
Ohio case was much stronger than the one now
under consideration. I call the gentleman's at-
tention to the fact that his notices for the exami-
nation of witnesses covcrcd the whole of the sixty
days, and that his opponent was attending Con-
gress, and was not able to leave his post to cross-
examine the witnesses under the gentleman's no-
tices. The affidavits were strong, and the whole
case, as presented by Mr. Campbell insupportof
his application, had much more merit than the one
now before the House.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will allow me
to add, that 111 that case Mr. Campbell offered to
take testimony, by agreement, immediately after
the sixty days expired, and that the gentleman
refused to take testimony after the sixty days had
expired.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
will observe, however, that I served the notice
immediately after the election, and had it been ac-
cepted (it was refused by the silting member) the
testimony could all ffave been taken before the
meeting of Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In the case of Vallandig-
ham vs. Campbell, immediately after the contest-
ant, had closed his evidence 011 the last day allowed
by the act of Congress for taking it, Mr. Campbell
gave the gentleman from Ohio notice that lie
would proceed to lake, the evidence of witnesses
to contradict the testimony which the contestant
had submitted, and the honorable gentleman de-
nied him that right,refused to pay attention to the
notice, and told'him that he might go 011 and in-
dulge himself in that little pleasantry, if he saw
proper, but that it would not be competent evi-
dence. The minority of the committee in that
case thought that the sitting member had used all
diligence; that immediately, as soon as the evi-
dence of the contestant was brought to his notice,
ho had shown a desire to go 011 and take testimony
to contradict it, and that he ought to be allowed
time to take further proofs. But the majority of
the committee overruled them, and this House
sustained the majority.
In summing up the argument upon the one side
and the other, let me call the attention of the
House to a broad rule which should govern them
in all these cases, and which, as long as I am a
member of the Committee of Elections, I hope to
recognize for my government before that com-
mittee. That rule is this: that wherever a party
comes within the plain terms, or meaning and
spirit of the act of 1851, he should be governed
by its provisions. He must show a strong case
indeed to authorize this House to take his case
out of the wholesome enactments of that law.
But where the contestant has ]io£ been brought
within the provisions of that act, then it is for this
House, at its discretion, to grant further time or
not, as to the House may seem proper. It was
acting 4jpon that rule that the majority of the
committee agreed to give Mr. Williamson fur-
ther time, and it is acting upon that same rule,
that they have refused to give Mr. Cooper further
time, Mr. Williamson's case being outside of the
actfand Mr. Cooper's within it, as is admitted
by every member upon this -floor. But the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] makes the point, that it was necessary for
the contestant to give notice of the names of the
witnesses, and that the sitting member couIdTnot
impeach the veracity of a witness until he knew
what that witness would testify to.
Mr. Speaker, there is no such rule of law gov-
erning any of our courts, or any of the tribunals
of the country. The opposite party, in all pro-
ceedings in a court of justice, is not even entitled to
know the names of the witnesses subpenacd on
theother side. This is tljggeneral practice; there
may be exceptions to it. I have not now in my
recollection any court by the rules of which it is
necessary to give the opposite party notice of the
names of the witnesses to be introduced on the
trial; and I never hoard of a rule of practice which
would enable one party to move for a continu-
ance, to afford an opportunity of impeaching the
veracity of the witnesses called on the other side.
But I wish to refer the gentleman to the act of
Congress of 1851 in this particular. The act of
Congress provides that ten days' notice shall be
given of the names of the witnesses whom it is
intended to examine in the case. What was that
wholesome provision put in that law for ? Why,
to enable the opposite party to bring testimony
to impeach the testimony of such witnesses of
their veracity; and, in requiring that notice, the
act of 1851 goes, in its equitable spirit, beyond
the practice of the courts.
I refer the gentleman from Virginia to the fact
that the sitting member had notice,ten days pre-
vious to the examination of Edgar, that he would
be called as a witness in the case, and had ample
opportunity to impeach his veracity,'if he saw
proper to do so. The fact that he did not im-
peach him, shows that he considered him at the
time a responsible and worthy witness, and one
that could not be successfully impeached, or that
las testimony was deemed unimportant. But my
colleague on the committee, the distinguished gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson,] says
we propose forcing through a case of this kind
011 the evidence of a felon. Why, Mr. Speaker,
there is not a spark of evidence in this case going %
to show that this Mr. Edgar is not as worthy and
responsible a citizen of Michigan as any witness
examined in the case.
The gentleman from Kentucky calls my atten-
tion to certain ex parte affidavits produced by the
sitting member for the consideration of the Com-
mittee of Elections, sworn to at the eleventh hour;
ex parte statements taken without notice to Mr.
Howard, without notice to the witness Edgar, and
without giving him an opportunity to be Heard in
his own defense; the interested and biased state-
ments of mere partisans. Sir, there is a princi-
ple of law—as salutary in practice as just in the-
ory—that the law presumes every man is inno-
cent until the contrary appears from competent
evidence. Does my colleague on the committee
suppose that I would strike down the character
of any man on a mere ex parte affidavit? Is my
colleague or any man here entitled to brand Ed-
gar as a felon until the crime shall have been
proved against him to the satisfaction of a jury
of his country? Does my colleague suppose I
would brand him with infamy without a hearing?
No, sir. I will give the affidavit which is pro-
duced just the weight to which it is entitled as an
ex parte statement—the weight the law gives it;
and that is no weight at all. If it be true that the
evidence of Edgar is unworthy of credence, it was
the place of the sitting member to have shown it
at the time he was examined, or at least to have
used a little more diligence in bringing the matter
before the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have done. I say, in
conclusion, as I said when tins case was first
brought to the notice of the House, that ithasno
foundation except in the negligence of the sitting
member; and that if you admit rfie whole testi-
mony which he claims he can produce if the House
grant him further time, it does not change in the
slightest degree the result.
