3206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
to strike; out the appropriation for the surveyor
general of Wisconsin and Iowa, and his clerks,
and insert a provision transferring that district,
and making a small appropriation for the present.
I move, further, that the Senate rcccde from the
fourteenth amendment, which was to strike out
the appropriation of $15,000 for incidental ex-
penses of the General Post Office building, and
insert:
Engineer, (for steam engines,) laborers, and repairs of
furniture, $£>,000.
. This turned out to be a mere verbal amendment,
and there was no occasion for making it. The
Senate committee agreed to recede from that. The
same sum had been appropriated m a different
form in the bill.
The Senate committee agree to rcccde from the
nineteenth amendment, which is:
For defraying the expenses of the geological reconnois-
sance and cxploiation in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories, and the country en route to the Pacific,jnear the
forty-seventh parallel of north latitude, &c., $10,539 20.
These are the four amendments from fthich the
Senate committee agreed to recede.
Mr. DAVIS. The last is in regard to the Ore-
gon geological report?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on receding1 from the
several amendments of the Senate to the bill in-
dicated by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. FITCH. I understand from the Senator \
from Virginia that there arc still two disagree-
ments on the pai't of the committee, on which it
is proposed to recede.
- Mr. HUNTER. No, we intend to insist and
agree to a further conference. The House have
asked for a further conference on them, and we
intend to do the same. Then there is one amend-
ment of ours which the House have agreed to
with an amendment, but a separate question will
have to be taken on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to recede from the amendments
of the Senate which the Senator from Virginia
has indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. We struck out the second
section of the House bill prohibiting the power
of transfers. The House have agreed to u with
an amendment, to insert in the blank which we
made, in lieu of thesection proposed to be stricken
out, as follows:
♦i/ui be it fwthn' ctuicted, That the twenty-third .section
of the m-t entitled "An net leg.ili/ing and making appio-
priations for such necessary objects as have been usually \
included in the general appropriation bills without author- j
jtyofl.uv, and to fix and piovide foi certain incidental |
oxpr uses of the Departments and offices of the Government, j
and [brother purposes," approved August26,18-10, isheiehy 1
repealed. j
The ellect of this is to leave to the "War Dp- !
pnrtment the power of transfer that it now has, j
nnd to repeal that section of the act of 184:2 under j
which other Departments have transferred to
some extent. The [louse have ngreud to our
amendment, with that amendment, i move that
we concur in theiramendmenttoouramendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The House have also agreed
to our twentieth amendment, which is in relation
to paying for the rent of rooms by the courts at
Los Angeles, with an amendment adding to it
this proviso:
Providal) 'Flint the whole amount paid shall not exceed
the sum of .$3,000.
I move to concur m the House amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Now, I move that the Sen-
ate further insist on its remaining amendments,
and agree to the further conferencc asked for by
the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to. So it was
Resolved, Thanh*: Senate recede fiom its twoltth, thir-
teenth, fouiteonth, and nineteenth amendments, disagreed
?<> by thellou-eot Repieseutatives; agree to the amend-
ments of the Uouscto tin; eighteenth and twentieth amend-
ment-* of the Senate ; insist upon lu> t\venty-lh>t, twenty-
•second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth amendments to
the b;ii, di^agieed to by the House; and agree to the eon-
jorence asked by the U<m?e, on the disagreeing vole* of the
two 1 o11jes theieon.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Pearce, Mr. Nicholson, and Mr. Wade, were
appointed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 9) to amend "An act for extend-
ing the laws and judicial system of the United
States to the State of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses;"
A bill (No. 190) in relation to mission claims
at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan;
A bill (No. 291) for the relief of Mary Preston,
widow of George Preston;
A bill (No. 347) to declare the meaning of the
act entitled " An act making further provisions
for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants,"
passed August 31, 1852;
A bill (No. 411) to authorize the settlement of
the accounts of Edward Ely, deceased, late con-
sul of the United States at Bombay, on principles
of justice and equity;
A bill (No. 444) to change the time for hold-
ing the courts in the northern district of Florida;
A bill (No. 448) to carry into effect the provis-
ions of the treaties between the United States,
China, Japan, Siam,Persia, and other countries,
giving eeitain judicial powers to ministers and
other functionaries of the United States in those
countries, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 452) for the relief ofSylvester Gray;
A bill (No. 488) in relation to malicwus inju-
ries to, and trespass upon, public and private
property within the District of Columbia;
A bill (No. 494) amendatory of an act approved
June 14, 1858, "for the relief of# Sherlock &
Shirley;"
A bill (No. 495) for the relief of David Waldo;
A bill (No. 497) to amend an act entitled "An
act for giving effect to certain treaty stipulations
between this and foreign Governments, for the
apprehension and delivery of certain offenders;"
A bill (No. 500) for the relief of Lieutenant
William A. Winder of the United States Army;
A bill (No. 509) to grant to the city of Port
Huron, Michigan, a part of the military reserva-
tion of Fort Gratiot for the enlargement of the
city cemetery at that place;
A bill (No. 507) for the relief of the California
Stage Company;
A hill (No 508) for the relief of William Nel-
son;
A joint resolution (No. 36) for the restoration
of Lieutenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the active
list, from the leave of absence list of the Navy;
and
A joint resolution (No. 41) for the relief of Ar-
thur Edwards.
NAVAL AmiOPIlIATION TALL.
The message further announced that the House
had recommitted the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
| Houses on the hill (11/R. No. 500) making ap-
I propriaUon s for the naval service for the year
! ending the'30th of June, 1861, to the committee
of conferencc on the said bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate agreed to concur in the
report of the committee of conference on the na-
val appropriation bill, simply to correct what is
considered an ambiguity.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the report was recommitted to the committee of
conference.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 501) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861,made
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing rotes of
the two Hou-es on the amendment* to the bill (II. It. No.
50!) making appiopriations for sundry civil expensesrtf the
Government for the j ear ending the 30th of June, 18(51,
j have met a'nd eonsid'-rcd the same ; and, after lull and free
' ponfetenee theieon, have agreed to leeonunend. and do lee-
omrnetid to their respective Houses, as follow*:
That the Senatelecede from the following amendments,
to wit: tenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-
fourth. twenty-eighth, fom-fir&t, foity-second, forty-third,
forty-fourth, and loi tv- fifth.
i That the Hou.se recede from their disagreement to the
i following amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
same,to wit: thirteenth, nineteenth,twenty-first, twenty-
third, twenty-sixth, twenty-ninth, thirty-first, thiity-sixth,
thirty-seventh, and thirty-ninth.
That the Senate agiee to the amendment of the House
to their first amendment.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
to their second amendment.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
to their sixth amendment, with an amendment,as follows:
strike out all after the word " art," in the fifth line of said
House amendment to the end thereof.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: alter the word "col-
umns," in the fifth line, insert the words "of American
marble;" and after the word " the," in the seventh line,
insert the word " aforesaid," and after the word " sum,"
in the seventh line, insert the words " of §300,000."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
ninth amendment of the Seriate, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: after the word "aque-
duct," in the fust line of said amendment, strike out the
word? "aceoidlng to the plans and estimates of Captain
Meig^;" after the word "dollars," in the third line, insert
the woids " to be expended aceoiding to the plans and es-
timates of Captain Meigs, and under Ins superintendence
and strike out all alter" aqueduct," in the sixth line, to the
end theieof.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: strike out the woid
" seven," in the said amendment, and insert, in lieu thereof,
the word " twoand at the end of the paragiaph add a3
follows: "and the act incorporating the Washington Gas
Light Company is hereby so amended as to piohibit said
company from receiving, after the 3lst day of December
next, more than thirty-five cents per hundred cubic feet of
gas furnished by it to any consumer, subject to a discount
of not less than ten per centum on all bills for gas, if paid
ai the office of said company within five days from thcien-
dttion thereof, piovided all arrears shall have been previ-
ously paid."
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House to
their thirtieth amendment.
That the House reccde from their amendment to the
thiity-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fortieth amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: strike out ail after the
enacting clause, and in lieu thereof insert:
That the district attorney of the United States for the
District of Columbitu under the direction of the President
of the United States^shall ascertain the fair cash value of
the real estate hereinafter mentioned ; also at what price
the ^ame can be puichased, and the condition of the titles,
and repoit the result to Cong!ess, at its next session, to wit:
the following described squares and parts of squares in the
city of Washington, namely : so much of square five hun-
dred ami seventy-five as is included within the following
desetibed lines: beginning on the west side of First street
west, at a point sixty-seven teet northwf the southeast cor-
ner of said square, and running thcnce south with the line
of First street west to the southeast comer of said square;
thcnce with the line of Pennsylvania avenue along the
boundary of said square in said avenue one hundred and
eighty feet; thence in a straight line to the point of begin-
ning: also <-o much of squaie five hundred and seventy-six
.ia is included within the following described lines: begin-
ning on the wos-t side of Fiist sueet west, at a point suxty-
seven feet south of the noitheast corner oi said .square, and
limning thence north with the line of Fust stieet west to
the northeast corner of said square; thence with the line
of Maryland avenue along the boundary of said square on
said avenue, one hundred and eighty feet; thcnce in a
stiaight line to the point of beginning; also the whole of
squares mx hundied and eight}-seven and six hundred and
eighty-eight.
R. TOOMBS.
W. P. FESSENDEN",
J. D. BRIGHT,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
GEORGE W. HUGHES,
Manage) s on the part of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will explain this report. The
Senate recede from the tenth amendment, which
provides for the erection of a new jail in this city;
the fifteenth, which provides for laying gas pipes
and putting up lamp posts and burners from
Maine avenue to the penitentiary; the sixteenth,
which provides for the appointment of a super-
intendent of gas, and reduces the price, which is
provided for in another place; the twentieth, which
appropriates $5,000 for the trimming and gravel-
ing of Pennsylvania avenue cast of the Capitol to
Eighth street cast, and from the intersection with
Eighth street east to the navy-yard gate; the
twenty-fourth, which reduced the appropriation
for seeds to $40,000, the House being very de-
termined about theappropriation of $60,000 which
they made. I wasagainstit, but] was voted down.
The Senate also recede from the twenty-eighth
j amendment, striking out the second section of the
j bill; the forty-first, "forty-sccond, forty-third,and
forty-fourth, which piovide for additions to the
! grounds of the Capitol. The committee of con-
ference proposed a provision on that subject
which I will .state in another place.
The House of Representatives recede from their
! disagreement to the thirteenth, nineteenth, twenty-
