1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANNULMENT OF MORMON LAWS.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for an order to print an
amendment I propose to offer to the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary, in reference to the
suppression of polygamy.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object. .
EE SOLUTIONS OF CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. BURCH. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present certain joint resolutions of
the Legislature of California, and to move that
they be referred to appropriate committees, and
ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and the resolutions
were received, ordered toMie printed,and referred
as indicated below:
Joint resolutions of the California Legislature,
relative to mails between Oroville and Gluincy, in
the State of California—to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Joint resolutions of the California Legislature,
asking for twenty thousand stand of arms and
four batteries of light and four of heavy artillery
—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Joint resolutions of the California Legislature,
asking a further extension of the preemption laws
to the State of California—to the Committee on
Public Lands. .
Joint resolutions of the California Legislature,
• asking the right of way and other aid in the con-
struction of the Placerville, Humboldt, and Salt
Lake line of telegraph—referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PROTECTION OF FEMALE EMIGRANTS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. A House bill is
upon the Speaker's table, which was returned here
from the Senate, and from the importance of its
provisions, it ought at once to be attended to. It
will take but a moment. It is House bill No. 19,
and is in reference to the protection of female
emigrant passengers. There is but one amend-
ment put to it by the Senate, and that is in regard
to the corroboration of the evidence of the female.
It is in fact nothing more than the reduction to
language of a legal principle. If the amendment
should be read from the desk, I am sure the
House would pass it at once, and thus dispose of
the bill.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read by its title, as
follows:
An act (H. R. No. 19) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to regulate the carriage of passen-
gers in steamships and other vessels," approved
March 3,1855, for the better protection of female
passengers, and for other purposes.
The amendment of the Senate was reported, as
follows:
After the word "act," in the la*t section, insert the
words '■ on the testimony of the lemalc seduced, uncor-
roborated by other evidence, norso that the section Miali
That no conviction pha.ll he had under the provisions ot
this act on the-testimony of the female seduced, uncoiiob-
orated by other evidence, nor unless the indictment shall be
found within one vear atter the arrival of the ship 01 vessel
at the port for which she was destined when the oflense
\ras committed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
arid also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN SUPERINTIONDENCY.
Mr. STOUT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide two additional superintend-
encies of Indian affairs for the State of Oregon
and the Territory of "Washington; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
ROGUE RIVER INDIANS.
Mr. STOUT, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill to provide for the payment of the
award of commissioners appointed under the
third article of the treaty of September 10, 18o3,
■svith the Rogue river Indians, in tiie Territory of
Washington; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask leave to introduce" a bill,
merely for reference.
Mr. PETTIT. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will not
object. It is a local bill.
Mr. McKNIGHT. We have made numerous
efforts to introduce local bills, and gentlemen on
the other side always object.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELY, (at five
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, .March 23, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurxey.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAILS.
Mr. GWIN. I ask leave to lay on the table,
and have printed, an amendment "that I propose,
in the way of a substitute, to the bill reported by
mo under instructions of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roadsafew days ago, for the
purpose of establishing overland mails to Califor-
nia. I move that it be printed, as I intend to call
up the bill to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF TTIT! NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
No. 299. I do this because I have sole charge of
the bill, and 1 doubt very much whether any Sen-
ator of my committee has given this bill sufficient
attention to be able to afford the Senate informa-
tion enough about it that it may be passed here
in time to pass the other House. I am very anx-
ious to leave the city, and I am only detained here
from my sense of duty in regard to this bill, which
IS of the veiy highest importance. It is a bill to
increase and regulate the pay of the Navy. I am
satisfied, if we take up the bill, we can pass it this
morning. All thf amounts have been fixed in
round sums, as required by the resolution of the
Senate. It shows oil the face of it what the pay
of each grade is proposed to be; and I doubt very
much whether the bill will meet with any opposi-
tion. 1 ask, therefore, that the Senate may now
take up the bill and consider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the Senate will
not take up that bill this morning. It has been
reported but a very short time ago, a day or two
since; and I never obtained possession of it, or
knew that it was reported, until yesterday, ^ob-
tained the bill yesterday, and have examined it in
part. Inst",id of its being without objection, I
may say to the honorable Senator from Florida
that 1 tiimk there' are very serious objections to
the bill. 1 shall take exception to it; and I think
I shall draw up a substitute for it, which I shall
move as an amendment. I have had no oppor-
tunity to do so yet; but I am at work on it, and
r1vj.11 do it as soon as I ran; and I shall be pre-
pared by the beginning of the next week. The bill
is a very important one; and, in its present shape,
it is anything but satisfactory to me.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I submit the
motion to the Senate. 1 regret to hear the Sena-
tor say that the bill is unsatisfactory to lnni in its
present shape. The bill is more satisfactory to
me in its present shape—and I have given it some
attention—than in any shape it has been in yet;
and I think it will be so to the Senate. I deem it
my duty to submit the motion. If, however, it
shall be the general sense of the Senate that they
have not had an opportunity of looking at the bill,
they can vote down my motion. It puts in dol-
lars and cents, with very slight variations, the pay
proposed ill the bill that was reported week before
ic\s t
Mr. CAMERON. I believe it is usual to allow
the presentation of petitions. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
put the motion of the Senator from Florida. *
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that the question be
PHMr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senator from
Florida will not press his motion. 1 will go witn
him for his bill so far as I am at present advised;
but we are notified oil the other side that there will
be amendments offered, and it will lead to debate.
We have had several Fridays taken -away from
private business, and I think this day ought to be
devoted to it. We may take up the bill on Mon-
day, thus giving the Senator from Maine time to
examine the subject, and to prepare a substitute,
if lie means to offer one. I will aid the Senator
from Florida, with pleasured pass the bill on a
proper occasion, but I really think to-day ougllt
not to be taken for it.
Mr. CAMERON. I am disposed to go with thje
Senator from Florida, but I think he will riot bene-
fit his bill by pressing it now, so as to exclude the
morning business.
Mr. MALLORY. It was only from the ur-
gency of the case that I made this proposition. If
I can get the bill taken up in the fore part of next
week, I will waive the motion now. It was in
order that the bill should take precedence of pri-
vate bills that I made this motion, I,think it far
more important than any private bill on the Cal-
endar; much more important to the country than
any private bill; but if it can be understood that in
the early part of the week—say Monday—I can
get up this bill and have a vote on it, I shall waive
the motion now, if the Senator from Maine will
give any sort of assurance that ho will take meas-
ures to have it taken up then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly I shall have all
the work I propose to do done by Monday. It may
be necessary, however, to print the substitute.
Mr.MALLORY. With theearnesthope,then,
that the bill may be taken up and considered on
Monday—and I shall have very little hope of its
passage this session unless it be taken in the early
part of next week—I shall waive the motion for
the present.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitionsof citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying
a modification of the tariff; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Ho also presented a memorial of citizens of Gal-
lia county, Ohio, praying a modification of the
tariff; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PUGII presented a petition of Thomas B.
Davis and others, citizens of Vinton county, Ohio,
praying the establishment of a post route from
McArthur, in Vmton county, to Vinton Station,
on the Marietta and Cincinnati railroad •, which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of John Gan-
der and others, citizens of Putnam county, Ohio,
praying the establishment of a post route fiom
Vaughnnsville, in that county, to PleasantOffice,
on the Dayton and Michigan railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. _
He also presented the petition of William Ger-
man and others, citizens of Ohio, praying that
bounty lands may be granted to the heirs of mili-
tiamen and volunteers in the war of 1812 and m
the Indian wars; which was ordered to lie on the
table. .
He also presented a petition of citizens ot Ohio,
praying tlie enactment of a uniform bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Sylvester
Gray, a man of color, praying that a patent may
be issued to him for land settled and improved by
him under the preemption actof 1841; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LATHAM presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California in favor of the establish-
ment of a daily mail from Oroville to Gluincy,
from June to .November, and semi-weekly for the
remainder of the year; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed. . .
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of the
president and directors of the Ship Island Rail-
road Company, praying a grant of land to aid m
the construction of that road; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial of a
■ committee appointed at a meeting of the Associa-
tion of the Defenders of Baltimore in 1812, pray-
ing the enactment of a law granting pensions to
the soldiers of the war of 1812, and to the wid-
ows of those deceased; which was referred to tho
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DURKEE presented a petition of James
Watson Webb and others, citizens of New *orK,
praying Congress to pass a law to prevent alltur-
