1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
itgives us no remedies: we want remedies where-
by we can assert and maintain our rights.
The Constitution, in express^terms, gives to the
slaveholder the right to pursue his slave into any
of the free States of this Union, to recapture him
and bring him back. It was a right guarantied
by the Constitution in the beginning—no more
clear and explicit, however, than the right of which'
I speak to-day. What was that right worth un-
til the Constitution was aided by legislation? The
right existed, the common law existed; but neither
the one nor the other, nor both combined, gave to
the slaveholder any adequate or sufficient remedy.
Congress, during the first eight years of its exist-
ence, while George Washington was yet President,
aided the Constitution by statutory law. After
fifty years of practice untler it, when the ingenu-
ity of man had so circumvented this early statute
of 1793, and it had failed from the maladministra-
tion of its enemies—what did Congress do? After
fifty years, Congress interposed and passed an-
other law. Why these laws ? Did not we have
the Constitution ? Did not we have the Constitu-
tion, aided by the common law? And yet, I re-
peat, neither the one nor the other, nor both com-
bined, gave us any sufficient remedy. We found
the remedy for a violation of our constitutional
rights in the legislation of Congress.
Then, sir, I say, in Regard to this other right,
if it be a right guarantied by the Constitution to
carry my slave to Kansas, and have him protected
after 1 get him there—and that it is so, the Presi-
dent affirms, agreeing in this with the Supreme
Court—I want to know whether I am not equally
entitled to legislation for the protection of the
right, to secure me the remedies in that case, that
I was in the other. Am I any more in the one
case to be left to the naked Constitution, unaided
by legislation, than I was in the othci ? Will you
tellme that theConstitution, as expounded by the
Supreme Court, aided by the common law, gives
me the only remedy that I am entitled to ? The
affirmation of the Supreme Court docs not mag-
nify or in any wise expand my constitutional
right; it only defines what the right is. If it had
been admitted on all hands that I had the right,
the Supreme Court would have been called on to
do nothing. The court has given me no right
and supplied me no remedy which I did not have
before; it has simply affirmed what was the right
already existing.
Now, sir, having said this, I ask gentlemen on
all sides what law there is in Kansas to-day, or
in any other Territory, to protect me in the rights
thus admitted to be mine ? The common law and
the^dccisions of the courts secure me in rights,
but afford me no remedies. Sir, did not youliave
the common law and the decision of our courts
for the rendition of fugitive slaves without legis-
lation? Did not you have the common law and
the decision of eouits for the piotection of rights
upon every other clause of the Constitution, with-
out legislation ? Why was legislation necessary
in these cases ' It was because the common law
and the Constitution, aided by the courts, were
insufficient,
I will now, Mr. President, with the indulgence
of the Senate, proceed very briefly to show how
it is and why it is that a court can supply us with
no remedy, there being no statutory law. The
ordinary offenses against this property as, in fact,
against every other species, especially if it be
animal property, are of a character not to be
reached by a court which has nothing to admin-
ister but the Constitution and the common law.
Suppose that I go to-morrow with my slaves to
Kansas, and some one or more of the vagrant
followers of John Brown decoys my slaves from
my possession and secretes them, will some Sen-
ator, who takes the contrary side from myself,
tell me what is to be my remedy in that' case ?
Upon what law shall I base my action ? I am told
that I may bring a civil action—an action sound-
ing in damages. So I may; but whon I have re-
covered my judgment, as by mere possibility 1
might, I find that tho offender is insolvent; what
then5 For my trouble, I shall have the satisfac-
tion of footing a bill of costs, and losing the nom-
inal or other damages that I may have recovered.
Then, sir, suppose some other man of equally
vicious temper, sits down in close proximity to
me, and sells spirituous and vinous liquors to my
slaves—keeps them drunk all the time, produces
mania a potu% renders them totally worthless as
laborersanddangerousassociates—I wanttoknow
what is my remedy in that case? Is that an of-
fense known to the common law or to the Con-
stitution? Suppose some other comes and teaches
my slaves sedition, tells them they are not bound
to obey my authority; tells them they are great
fools to work at my bidding, and to abandon my
service and go away. Is that an offense known
to the common law or to the Constitution? So 1
might go on and multiply these offenses ad infi-
nitum. But if these be offenses dangerous, nay,
sir, destructive to this character of property, and
yet offenses not known to the Constitution and
common law, how arc they to be punished ? How
are the offenders to be readied unless I can have
statutory law? I am asked at this point, if not
audibly, certainly silently, by some of my brother
Senators, whether it is possible I am goingto ask
Congress to enact a slave code. I rcpfy with the
utmost frankness that I want a code of laws which
shall be adequate and sufficient for the protection
of my property. If itpleases you to call it a slave
code, why call it so. I call it simply laws for the
protection of my property, such as I am war-
ranted in asking under the guarantees of the Con-
stitution, as expounded by the Supreme Court. I
no more ask a slave code than you ask a horse
code, or a cow code, or a dry-goods code. You
ask for your property adequate and sufficient pro-
tection—laws adapted to its nature, its kind, and
its description—laws upon which you can stand
before the courts and vindicate rights guarantied
by the Constitution. I ask no more; and so long
as I have a tongue to speak, let that tongue be
palsied if ever I consent to take less.
I do not feel disposed, Mr. President, to weary
Senators with any extended remarks on this sub-
ject. I have only felt it due to my own position
to show wherein I differ with the President of the
United States, ?tnd why I make known before the
Senate and before the country, in clear and dis-
tinct terms, what it is we ask. We ask no more
than you, no more than Senators from any other
part of the Confederacy. Is there one among you
all who will consent to be deprived of youi equal
rights in the common Territories? Is there a
Senator upon this floor who does not claim for
himself and for the people whom he represents,
the right to go into tliuTerritories, and take with
him, and that his people shall go and take with
them whatever is recognized as property by the
laws of the State from which they go. That is
all I ask. You claim that your live stock is prop-
erty, that your dry goods are property, that your
machinery is property. These and a thousand
other things owned by you arc piopcrty, and be-
cause they are so you claim the right not only
to take them into the Territories, but to take them
across the Isthmus of Tchuantepec, of Nicaragua,
of Panama, to other parts of the habitable globe,
and you come to this central Government, saying
to it: " We demand of you that you shall give us
protection when we have passed beyond the limits
of the State where we reside." Is not that a con-
stant demand? Is it not a demand recognized by
the President in this very message with reference
to your property m Mexico, in the Central Amer-
ican, and South American States > If your prop-
erty is to be followed, not only to every corner of
the Union, including the Territories, but beyond
the limits of the Union, upon the high seas, and
into foreign countries, and there protected by the
military power of the Government, aided by such
laws as the President calls upon you to make, I
want to know whether my property, that which
the Constitution declares to be property, which
the Supreme Court has said is property, which
the President tells you is property, is not also to
be protected by laws, and whether it is not mock-
ery to turn me away and say: " Go to the courts;
the Constitution says it is property; the common
law may admit that it is property; the courts are
fair and just and will decide all that is legal and
right.'1
But T have shown you that they can supply
us with no remedies. They may supply us I
with suits, but they will be suits in which we j
obtain judgments against insolvent debtors, and ;
therefoie pay costs. It is very idle to sue an 1
offender wnen nothing can be gained but a bill of
costs.
I do not know, air, that it would be profitable
to pursue these remarks any further. My prin-
cipal object was to disabuse the public mind of a
charge wholly unfounded that I designed to make
an attack on the President. The Senate will bear
me witness that I have not attacked him to-day*.
I solemnly asseverate that I have notattacked him
elsewhere, at any time, at any place, or under any
circumstances. 1 have but dissented from his
opinions. That was my right, and I but per-
formed a solemn duty when I declared that my
opinions differed from his. Shall it be assumed
that a citizen dare not express his opinions be-
cause they differ from the opinions of the Presi-
dent? Shall I be told that because I am a Dem-
ocrat, and choose to differ from the President, I
must merge the character of a Senator and a pa-
triot into the groveling character of a petty poli-
tician; that I must not, because I am a Democrat
and the President is a Democrat, express opinions
different from his, lest I disturb the harmony of
the party? Sir, there breathes not a man in all
this wide Republic that is more devoted to Dem-
ocratic principles than I; but I would scatter the
Democratic jxuty to the remotest corners of the
earth before I would hesitate a moment to "express
the honest convictions of my own heart. I nave
no fear of disturbing the Democratic party or its
harmony; no fear of endangering souna principles.
It is by honest, fair discussion that you eviscer-
ate truth here and elsewhere.
I have been asked elsewhere—and probably
there is a whispering in the mind of some one
who hears me to the same effect now—why are
you so tenacious of this principle of protection to
slavery in the Territories ? What do you expect to
accomplish by it? With thatfrankness which I
trust is a part of my character, I will tell you why
I am so tenacious. I know that you can never
plant slavery in the Territories unless you afford
it protection—protection based on statutory law.
Without such protection, there never will be an-
other slave Territory; and without slave Territo-
ries you can never have slave States. Youliave,
I believe, five Territories now. You are already
called on, during the present session, to organize
three more. These lerritorics will rapidly pop-
ulate, and as rapidly come knocking at the door
for admission into the Union. You commenced
with thirteen States only a little more than three
quarters of a century ago—dating from the birth
of the Constitution, not so long as that—and now
you have thirty-three, five Territories already or-
ganized, and three asking for organization. Of
these thirty-three States, fifteen are slaveholding
States, and. eighteen arc non-slaveholding. Under
your present policy, all the Territories outstand-
ing, organized and unorganized, and all the terri-
tory to be acquired hereafter, will' but add to the
number of free States; and then, sir, the boast
made on the other side of the Chamber—that when
they get the power they will so mold the Consti-
tution, according to the forms of the Constitution
itself, as to give them uncontrolled sway—will be
carried out with all its force and all its power. It
cannot bo long, under the present order of things,
before the anti-slavery sentiment of this country
will have brought into the Union, and added to
the non-slaveholding States now in the Union, a
sufficient number of States to give them the two
thirds required to change the Constitution. That
being done, the enunciation so vauntmgly made
by the distinguished Senator from New York,
and followed up by others, that you mean to
crush out slavery under the forms of the Consti-
tution, will have been accomplished I sec that
things are rapidly drifting in that direction. I sec
that we can have no more slave States unless we
can plant slavery in the Territories; and I sec that
that cannot be done unless you protect the slave-
holder in his rights. If we can have no more
slave States, then twenty years will not pass be-
fore a change of the Constitution will enable the
anti-slavery sentiments of tho North, under the
forms and guarantees of the Constitution, as
amended, to overthrow slavery.
I hope I am understood. 1 am tenacious upon
this point, because I want to multiply the number
of slave States. I want to multiply the number
of slave States because I am, and always have
been, a genuine constitutional Union man. I Ioyc
the Union of our fathers, and yield to no man in
deep, earnest, heartfelt devotion to it. They made
a slaveholding Union. Washington and Jefferson
and Madison, and other illustrious patriots, who
took a prominent part in the formation of this
Union, were themselves, slaveholders, and they
