1880.
tue congressional globe.
3201.
first, twenty-third, twenty-sixth, twenty-ninth,
thirty-first, thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, and thir-
ty-ninth amendments of the Senate. The thir-
teenth is the amendment which includes Bridge
and High streets in Georgetown, and Four-and-
a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets across the
Mali, in the appropriation for gas lights. The
nineteenth is the appropriation for grading and
graveling B street south, from Seventh to Four-
teenth streets, next to the public reservation.
The twenty-first is the appropriation for inclos-
ing the circle at the intersection of Pennsylvania
avenue with New Hampshire avenue and K and
Twenty-Third streets, where the Washington
statue is. The twenty-third is the amendment^
providing for curbing and paving and grading on
the south side of Missouri avenue, from Third
to Sixth streets west. The twenty-sixth is the
amendment which struck out the appropriation
of $4,000 for the execution of the act of March 3,
1859, providing for the care and preservation of
the Potomac water works. The twenty-ninth is
an appropriation of $25,000 for converting the old
Senate Chamber into a Supremo Court room and
the old court-room into a law library, and fitting
up the rooms for that purpose. The thirty-first
appropriates $4,500 for the survey of the forty-
sixth parallel of north latitude, so far as it forms
a common boundary between Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory. The thirty-sixth abolishes the
art commission. The thirty-seventh authorizes
the Commissioner of Patents to pay those em-
ployed as examiners and assistant examiners
between April 3, 1855, and April 1,1860, the rates
fixed by law for these grades. The thirty-ninth
provides for the settlement of the accounts of the
contractor for the San Francisco custom-house.
The first and scccad amendments, with rtgard
to the Charleston and New Orleans custom-houses,
have already been disposed of by the Senate, and
the report only conforms to that action.
The Senate partly agree to the amendment of
the House to the sixth amendment of the Sen-
ate. The Senate amenduientappropriated $300,000
for the Capitol extension for the next fiscal year.
The House amended it by providing that the
money should not be expended on works of art
for the decoration and embellishment of the Cap-
itol, unless the designs for the same should be first
approved by the art commission. We agree to
the House amendment, with an amendment, strik-
ing out the latter clause, so as to leave it a simple
prohibition to use the money for decoration and
embellishment by works of art.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, providing that the
columns shall be of American marble. The Senate
amendment provided for paying Rice & Hecbncr
for furnishing: certain monolithic columns.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator state a
little more exactly the action in conference on the
amendment about works of artp
Mr. TOOMBS. The House provided that the
appropriation for the Capitol extension should not
be expended in decoration and embellishment by
sculpture, or painting, or other works of illustra-
ted art, unless the designs for the same shall have
been approved by the art commission. Wo strike
out the latter clause, so as to end the amendment
with the words, "illustrated art."
Mr. DAVIS. The question, no doubt, would
arise, in the execution of the work, whether that
word would prevent the filling up of blank spaces
in the rooms m the coursc of completion with
frescoes and ornamental paintings.
Mr. TOOMBS. All I can state is, that this
amendment was agreed to by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings, who had charge
of the matter. It did not come from the Com-
. mitfee on Finance. I do not think that point was
discussed in committee. 'My own attention was
not directed to it. ;
Mr. DAVIS. There is a distinction between j
ornamental paintings to decorate a building and
architectural paintings, and there has bGcn some
confusion in executing itheretoforc. If you paint
a door, nobody considers that as decoration in the
embellishment of a building.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senate recede from their
disagreement to the ninth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same, with an amendment;
after the word " aqueduct," in the first line, in-
serting " according to the plans and estimates of
Captain Meigs," and after the word " dollars,"
in the third line, inserting t{ to be expended ac-
cording to the plans and estimates of Captain
Meigs, and under his superintendence," and to
strike out the remainder of the amendmentof the
Senate after the word " aqueduct," in the sixth
line. Tlfe House would not grant the appropri-
ation without putting in that the work should be
done according to the plans and under the super-
intendence of Captain Meigs. We said that it
should be according to his plans, and that it should
be under an officer not below the rank of a cap-
tain of engineers, and having experience in the
design and construction of bridges and aqueducts.
I preferred the amendment of the Senate, but it
was one of the most difficult points the commit-
tee of conference had. The House of Represent-
atives insisted that he ought to be designated, or
the money not expended. It got rid of the diffi-
culty of interfering with the President of theUni-
tcd States, because it only limits the expenditure
of money, which I think Congress has a clear
right to ao. He is not obliged to put tins officer
tjiere; but if he does not put him there, the money
is not to be expended. The House chose not to
put the money under any other superintendence.
Mr. LANE. If expended, it must be by him,
and not under the direction of the Administra-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is under the direction of
the Secretary of War, but by Captain Meigs as
superintendent.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. Our own amendment.provided
that it should be done according to his plans.
The only difference is, that the committee of con-
ference agreed with the House that it should be
under his superintendence.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendmentof (he Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment reducing the ap-
propriation for lighting the Capitol, Piesident's
house, and public grounds, and Pennsylvania av-
enue, &c., with gas, from $47,000 to $42,000, and
adding at the end of it a proviso amending the
charter of the Washington Gas Light Company,
so as to prohibit them, after the 31st of December
next, charging more than thirty-five cents per
hundred cubic feet of gas furnished to any con-
sumer, subject to the usual discount off.
The Senate agree .to the amendment of the
House to the thirtieth Senate amendment. Our
amendment was an appropriation for the survey
of the eastern boundary of California, and the
House amendment was for the completion of the
capitol building m Nebraska Territory.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, which
is the clause repealing the former law about coin-
age, and add to it a clause directing the district
attorney of the District of Columbia, under the
direction of the President, to ascertain the fair
cash value of the real estate proposed by the fol-
lowing amendments of the Senate to be included
in the Capitol grounds, and report the result to
Congress at the next session. That closes the
report. I move that it be concurred m.
Mr. LANE. I desire to know if I can have a
separate vote upon the amendment in regard to
the aqueduct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The report of a committee of confer-
ence always presents an entire and indivisible
proposition.
Mr. LANE. Then I can have the privilege, j,
I suppose, of voting against the whole of it. 1 jj
shall take the liberty of exercising that privilege; !;
and I want to do it on the yeas and nays. I call j!
for the yeas and nays. !j
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;|
Mr. POWELL. Would it be in order to move jj
to strike out the provision relating to the Wash- jj
ington aqueduct? |,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No question
is in order except concurrence m the report of the
committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As an en-
tirety?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As an entirety,
and an indivisible proposition.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to state to the Senate,
then, that in consequence of the amendment con-
cerning the Washington aqueduct, I shall vote
against concurring in this report. 1 conceive that
that amendment, as reported by the committee of
conference, is wrong. It places Mr. Meigs, a
captain of the corps of engineers, in charge of this
work. I have no objection to it so far as it ap-
proves his plans; but it goes further, and places
the work under his superintendence, and pro-'
vides that the money shall not be expended unless
it is done under his superintendence. I do not
perceive that you could enact a law better calcu-
lated to create insubordination in the Army than
this. This officer is a captain in the Army.
The President, by the Constitution, is the com-
mander-in-chief of the Army. I think the public
service requires that we should have no such legis-
lation as this. If Congress wish this thing done,
I do not see why the bill could not have been left
as it was amended by the Senate. To be sure, it
was then very exceptionable to me, forit confined
the superintendence of the work to an officer of
the rank of captain of the engineer corps, and I
believed there might be found plenty of lieuten-
ants of capacity to execute the work. The pro-
vision, as now reported, designates this officer by
name, wluch I think is a direct reflection upon
the President and Secretary of War. It makes
the woik hang upon the frail tenure of Captain
Meigs's life. I suppose if he were to die, it could
not be done at all, for there is no provision that
any oj-her person may be substituted. If it should
become necessary to order this officer to other
service, and take him away from this work, which
the War Department has now the power to do, it
cannot be done. If Congress really wish the work
done, they ought to place it on some basis that
would allow the President or the Secretary of
War to have it executed, they being responsible
for the cxercise of their discretion.
It is said that Captain Meigs is a very skillful
and scientific officer, and I dare say lie is. That
testimony seems to be borne to him on all hands,
and I have no doubt of its truth. But suppose
we were to have a war, and it should becomo
necessary, in defense of the country, to have the
skill and the talentsof this captain of the engineer
corps in some other place or arm of the service,
and he should be withdrawn from this duty: this
work could not be executed.
Sir, I did not rise for the purpose of going into
any elaborate discussion of the question, but
merely to state that I think it is a species of legis-
lation that reflects directly on the President and
Secretary of War, and is calculated to produce
insubordination in the Army. It is such legisla-
tion as I think the Senate should not concur in.
I shall therefore vote against concurring in the
amendment proposed by the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. GREEN. I concur heartily in all that has
been said by the Senator from Kentucky. I think
this is n species of legislation that we ought to
contend against. Two objections arise. In the
first place, it legislates a particular man into a
particular place. If we pass a law asserting a
principle, it is our duty to leave it to the execu-
tive officers to exccute that law; but for us to des-
ignate the man, to point him out by name, seems
to me most extraordinary. I have no prejudice
against Captain Meigs, but I think it a departure
fiom principle to name him as the executive offi-
cer to accomplish a certain work; and in this con-
nection, notwithstanding his acknowledged abili-
ties, 1 will make this remaik: if he fails in the
water works as much as he has failed m the con-
struction of this Chamber, he is not fit to be there.
Again, sir, there is another branch of this re-
port that I take exception to—not the report of
itself, but on account of one of the amendments
which this report docs not strike out—and that
is the amendment making a contract with Messrs*
Rice & Hcebner for the columns of the Capitol.
We have no right to make that contract. I as-
sert here, after a full examination of the law, that
under the act of 1846 a contract was made, with
them; that they forfeited it because they could not
fulfill it; and that a subsequent contract has been
made with a man by the name of Connelly, who
can fulfill the contract, and who is now fulfilling
the contract. This is a legislative act designed
to take it away from Connelly and give it back
to Rice & Hcebner.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will my friend from Missouri
allow me to say one word here ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. That amendment was put in
