300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
gave to slave property the guarantees which the
Constitution contains, es expounded by the Su-
preme Court. By the Union which they made I
am ready to stand; for it I am ready to Fall; and
I will never stand idly by,and see, £>y your timid
time-serving policy, that Union undermined and
forced to tumble into ruins.
Nor am I willing to take the position which the
President assigns me, of entrenchment behind the
courts. No, sir. No man has higher veneration
for courts of justice than I have. No man enter-
tains a deeper, more heartfelt reverence for the
judges of that illustrious court, which to-day sits
in this Capitol, than I do. Sir, I venerate, I re-
vere, I almost reverence these old judges: but
when I sec them on their trembling limbs tread-
ing your streets, I cannot disguise from my own i
mind that all these old men, in the lapse of a few
years, not more than fifteen or twenty at most,
must pass from the stage of active existence. The
venerable Chief J ustice is already over eighty years
of age; I am told that the majority of his associ-
ates are over seventy. How long can these old
men hold out? When they are gone, and the
gentlemen on the other side of the (Chamber shall
have taken possession of the executive and legis-
lative Government, what will happen ? That
bench now adorned by a Taney, by a Catron,
by a Nelson, and by other illustrious judges,
will bo occupied by such gentlemen as those on
the other side of the Chamber. When that day
'•owes, what will become of the Dred Scott de-
rision behind which I am asked to entrench
myself? Sir, it will pass uwny as "the base- :
less fabric of a \ision.5' These Senators and j
other persons outside the Chamber who sympa-
thize wnh them, will carry their opinions upon i
the bench, and will as lemorseU-scdy overturn the 1
decision rendered by the present judges us they
would overturn a decision sounding m mere dol-
lars and cents. Yet, sir, with these facts before
us, seeing them as we do, w* are asked to give,
upall struggle to maintain oui constitutional rights
through the law-making power of the Govern-
ment, and to rely entirely on the courts. Sir, !
others may pursue that comae which to thein 1
seems best; I will pursue my own, and leave to I
time, the great (ester «>f all truths, to deteinime i
whether f am not ri^ht. \
Sir, I have investigated (his question, I think, :
in all its bearings, June, .sounded ft to its deepest !
depths,have run through it in fill its various rami- '
fieations, and the deliberate settled conviction of ;
my own mind—I should be unworthy of my eoun- 1
try if 1 did not live up to that conviction—is, that \
slavery can only be maintained by legislation, '
positive legislation, and that you are bound to j
give it that, protection which you give to other !
property. V>y that I mean protection suited to |
its <. ha racier and to its description, not mcag- i
<-rly and stintedly dealt out, but fully and freely. I
according to the guarantees of the Constitution '
under which we live. With this I shall be satis- j
tied; with less than this I will not be satisfied. I 1
am for this, because this is guarantied to me by \
the Constitution and the Union under the Con-
stitution. I am for it, because I think these guar- 1
antces, carried out in good faith, will perpetuate |
the Union, and that nothing else will. The Union ■
cannot exist if iis guarantees are not secured. 1
The Union '-annot and ought not to ixist unless ;
every Citi/eii of every State gets Ml that the Con-
stitution <i'Mi anues to him. i
Mr. DOOLTTTLH. Mr. President, I desn-e,
aho, to submit a f'\v observations upon one p<>r- ;
tion of the President's mes^a^e referred to m the
remarks of the honorable Senator [Mr. Brown]
who has just preceded me. 1 will remark, 111 the ,
lirst place, that wind strikes me with great force ;
is the very great cheii^e which lias come over the ;
opinions of Mr. Buchanan within the lesf twelve
years. Twelve yeais aiio, sir, Mr. Buchanan i
.■stated d< liberateiy to the American people that :
"the inference, in his opinion, was irresistible i
that Congress had the power to legislate upon the :
subject of slaveiy in the Territories.,5 To-day. as
President, he uses this language: " '
The risfht has been established of overs citizen to take i
his p.opcrty of any kind, including sl.nis, into the '-om- 1
mon 'PotntoiKs belonging equally to all the States of tb^ >
Confederacy, and to nave it protected there under the Fed-
eral Constitution. Neithei Ceii^re^. nor a Tenitonal j
Legislature, nor any Human power, Iia^ any authority to j
annul or impair tin'.* vested light.-* j
Sir, is- it not m<">s* rem*n frnhfr thar e man ^f 'he 1
ability and experience of that honorable man
should, at the ripened age of fifty years and up-
wards, deliberately declare that the question is
so free from all doubt that, in his opinion, the
inference is irresistible that Congress has the
power to legislate upon the subject of slavery in
the Territories; and now,for some reason, in the
later years of his life, and after he has passed the
periotl of threescore years, should so completely
changc his opinions on this question as to main-
tain and declare, as the Executive Magistrate of
the United States, that " neither Congress nor a
Territorial Legislature, nor any human power,"
has the rijht to resist the introduction of slavery
into the Territories of the United States, or " to
annul and impair that vested right r" What an
extraordinary change has come over the opinion
of this man within the last few years!
But, sir, the change which has come over his
opinion is no greater than the change which has
come over the opinions of hundreds and thousands
of men m the southern States. In 1846 the opinion
found few advocates among the men of the South,
that Congress had not the constitutional power to
legislate upon the subjectof slavery in the Terri-
tories. Tt is a new thought, it is an after-thought.
It is not an original conclusion to which they have
come, but it its the result of a revolution in their
own opinions, forced upon them-, as they suppose,
by the consideration of what they may deem to be
their interests or their political necessities. Having
taken different grounds, they have dictated to the
party in power, during the last and present Ad-
ministrations, a change m its opinions and its pol-
icy. A very honorable jrentleman. the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, for whom I entertain
the highest respect, in a late speech delivered in
Kentucky, used the following language, speaking
of the different state of circumstances underwhieh
the men of the South now find themselves, com-
pared with what it was ten years ago:
v; We have the Executive, we have the !nvv-«, we have
the decisions of tin; courts, and that a great advance
fiom where we aood ten yean- ago."
Another honorable gentleman, a member of this
body—I refer to the Senator fiom Georgia [Mi.
TouMnh]—is rt presented to have made a speech
at the Concert Mall in Augusta, in the State of
Georgia, on the !)th of September hist, m which he
used in substance the following language, if lie is
correctly reported. J read from a report which 1
found in a newspaper at the time:
"• He stated that in lfMGthco were but four men in Con-
gr« Ornmcratie m Whip1, who did not hold to the doc-
trine ot eongiT'-hioinl prohibition."
Or that Congress had the power, as 1 understand
it, to prohibn slavery in the Territories of the
Uniu d States: and from 1846 down to this present
time, what a changi has come over the minds of
the mMn of the South, and to what an extent has
that change reached the members of the Demo-
cratic party at tlie INTorth.
Air. TOOMBS. I will correct that. There are
two mrors m that statement. My remark was
confined to the Home of Representatives, and
related only to northern Representatives. With
that correction, the statement is true.
Mr. DOOLITTLK. I accpt the correction
made by the honorable gentleman.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 would remark to the gentle-
man that the votes are on record in the other
Mouse. I referred to the votes on the two mil-
lion loan bdl. _
Mr. DOOLITTLF,. It wasiu Kebriuiry, 1847,
that Mr. Ca1 noun, as the Sen.nor from Soul h Car-
olina.introduced on the door nf the Senate, for the
lirst tone, tins doetrine that the Constitution of its
own fore" tiiun'ante\-- (he mrht to hike shives into
the Territories of th" United States; and at the
same time, ni another jesulution which accom-
panied if,denied th'- power of Congress to inhibit
it. At that time there wfT" but very fr,w individ-
uals among the prominent men then art ho South
who maintained that doc trim-. They haw changed
Their ground.and they have sought to ciiancf'the
ground of the so-called Demociatic pariy of the
country, using the organization of that party us
an institution io force on a revolution in opinion
on this question, and io a v< ry pear extern,'! rou-
fe«*s. they have already succeeded.
Mr. TOOMCS. I do no' wish loimenupi the
gentleman at all, but i say there was but a single
individual in the othc>" House from the South, ac-
cording mv ve^olhe,tior>- ~T «peok merely from
memory, after the lapse of fourteen years—a gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and he was beaten by his
constituents for it, who did not vote against this
congressional prohibition the first time it made its
appearance in the Halls of Congress after 1820.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not deny that many
of them voted against the congressional prohibi-
tion which was sought to be applied m 1846; hut
what I say is this, that there were very' few of
them who took the ground at that day that the
Congress of the United States, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, had not the power to
make the prohibition if they sought to apply it.
The whole history of this Government, from the
beginning down to 1847, was a.history of prohi-
bition or limitation of slavery on the part of Con-
gress; and there never was an act organizing any
Territory under the authority of the United States
which did not in the act itself recognize the power
of Congress to legislate upon the subject of sla-
very previous to 1847; but I shall have occasion
to refer to them more in detail before I conclude
my remarks on this occasion.
I desire for a single moment now to inquire into,
and if possible to probe this thing to the bottom,
and to understand the presiding spirit which has
brought about all this re\ olution of sentiment upon
this question in this country. The truth is that
the South have changed tlfeir ground on the whole
subject of slavery, slavery in the abstract, and
slavery in its relations to the legislative and judi-
cial powers of this Government. "We stand where
your fathers stood, and where you yourselves
stood but a very few years ago, on this ques-
tion of slavery. You then, and your fatheis,
admitted slavery to be an evil, to be tolerated as
a necessity, because you could not see your way
to get rid of it; but you did not take the ground
that slavery was a blessing—thnt slavery was in
accordance with natural right. You have not until
within the last few years assumed the doctrine
that the natural and normal condition of the labor-
ing man is that of a slave. It is within the last
few years that this doctrine has been promul-
gated at the South, and I grant that it has made
and is making most rapid strides. It reaches
your schools and it, reaches your churches and
it reaches your public journals.
Mi. CITESNUT, With the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [deny that the position
at the South is that the normal condition of the
laboring man is that of slavery. The position is
that the normal condition of the African among
us is that of slavery, and the proper condition.
It is the true and only beneficial relation. That
is the ground we assume as the position, no£ of
the white laborei, but of the African laborci in
this country. •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand, Mr. Presi-
dent, that some of the loading men of the South,
at least, and some of the leading journals of the
South, do not undertake to justify slavery upon
the ground of negro slavery alone. The cele-
brated Review of Mr. DeBow, the Richmond En-
quirer, a few years ngo, the Charleston Mercury,
the Richmond Examiner, the book published by
Mr. Fitzhugh, which was commended to the peo-
ple of the South, take the ground, and justify
slavery not because .dav s arc negroes, the de-
scendants of Ham. but put it upon the broader
ground, and the only defensible ground upon
which slavery can rest, if if rests upon any foun-
dation at all, that the natural and normal condi-
tion of the laboring man js that of a skvur, that
the true ground on which to reconcile this con-
flict between capital and labor is, that capital
should own its labor and not hire it.
Mr. CLAY. That is a very grave accusation
which the Senator makes against the South, and
it is one which he should not make, unless he is
fortiiied by sufficient evidence. I deny it. I chal-
lenge the production of any evidence to support
it. I say that it is wholly unfounded, in tact,
and that it does not correctly represent the senti-
ment of the people whom 1 have the honor to
represent, or I believe the people of any portion
of the southern States: and win n the Senator
vouches any evidence whatever to sustain it. I
hope he will produce, not an extract contained in
his own note book, but the original from which
he deduces it, in order that wo may test the cor-
rectness of the extract when compared with the
context from which it may be garbled.
Mr. BROWN By the permission of the Sen-
