2264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
that occurred was attributable to any neglect on
the part of the police.
It is weii known that you cannot hold a popu-
lar meeting in any city in this nation in which
you are not more or less subject to disorder; and
1 do not think that tho meeting at the Wash-
ington House was more disorderly than such
meetings ordinarily are. I do not justify the dis-
order; it ought to be condemned and put down.
Every good man in the community turns his face
against it, and discountenances it; but X do not
desire the police to be censured for disorders
which they could not prevent.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
for the purpose of making a statement in regard
to the efficiency of the police on Saturday night.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. State what oc-
curred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A serenade
was got up to several gentlemen in the city on the
occasion of the nominations at Chicago. Many
people went up to serenade my colleague, the Sen-
ator from my State. He was called out, and made
a speech from the stoop of his house. During the
delivery of Senator Trumbull's speech he was
very frequently interrupted by a large number of
voices from different parts of the crowd, so that
it was almost impossible for lnm to proceed. He
finally got through, and I was called upon to ad-
dress the meeting. J had uttered but a very few
sentences when missiles came from difiercntparts
of the crowd.
I saw it stated in the telegraphic report that the
police were on hand, antl that one of the police
stood by me and told me to go on, and that lie
would protect me. I saw no policeman there.
No policeman made such an offer, atld I did not
want any such protection. I do not think there
was a policeman oil the ground at that time; and
if there was, he made no effort whatever to sup-
press the disturbance, which was a disgrace to
the country.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I was speaking about
the meeting at the Washington House.
Mr. WASHBtFRNE, of "Illinois. There were
many stones thrown, and several gentlemen were
hit.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabam. It was an impromptu
meeting, and I suppose no notification of it was
given to the police; and if, as the gentlemen says,
none were present, they are not to blame for the
disorder which occurred.
Mr. WAiSHBUKNK, of Illinois. It was an
impromptu meeting; but thceiowd first metatthe
Washington House, and marched up to Senator
TRUMBUI I.'S.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. FLOltlilN'CE. I move to amend by in-
creasing the appropriation one dollar. It is no
unusual thing, Mr. Chairman, for a meeting to
be disturbed in this citv.
Mr. MAYNARD. "Will the gentleman give
way for a motion that the. committee, do now rise?
Mr. ELORENCli. Not yet. 1 will not oc-
cupy more than a minute. I do not think, Mr.
Chairman, that tho withdrawal of tins appropri-
ation for the police would be a good preventive
of disturbance. 1 think it is evident that we want
a larger police force. But even if we struck out
this appropriation, jtwould not be of any avail to
us ill tiie present instance. If I understand the
object of this clause, it is to appropriate for the
police expenses for the next fiscal year; and us,
before tiiat time, theie may lie a change in the
municipality, and in the political character of this
police, I do not know that tiie men of tHe present
force would be punished by our refusing to make
an appropriation. Four orfive years ago 1 hap-
pened to be a speaker at a public meeting in this
city, and came off worse than the gentleman from
Illinois, for 1 could not get to speak at all. I
never heard " confusion worse confounded," and
I think that the police participated in the dis-
order.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. That is a
''very good reason why they should be abolished.
Mr. FLORENCE. Having waited two days,
with a view to exercise my rights as a citizen,
and to pronounce my judgment as I thought it
ought to be pronounced, I was personally assailed
by a fellow in the crowd, and there was no police
there to protect me.
Mr. CONKLING. And was that a natural
impediment which prevented you from speaking ?
Mr. FLORENCE. There was an attempt to
prevent me by a natural impediment, but I re-
sisted it by another natural impediment, which
prevented the success of the gentleman who at-
tempted it; because, like the gentleman from Illi-
nois, I am pretty well able to take care of myself,
and do not ask protection of the police. But I
submit that if this disagreeable thing occurred—
and nobody pretends to justify it—we should dou-
ble the police, and double the appropriation to
secure the free exercise of speech by everybody
in this metropolis. I would not justify any in-
terruption.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make this inquiry:
does the gentleman from Ohio desire to have this
appropriation stricken out for the next year?
Mr. STANTON. I think we had better strike
it out in committee.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the commit-
toe rise,
Mr. MILLSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gartrell
and Buffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
twenty in the affirmative; a further count not be-
ing demanded.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rather than that the com-
mittee should be broken up, I believe it is the
understanding that we shall lay aside this bill and
take up another bill, merely for the purpose, of
dispensing with the first reading; so that debate
may be limited upon it to-morrow.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside; and the committee proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. SOI) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for tho year ending June 30, 1861.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio what is his purpose m taking up this bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is merely to dispense
"with the first reading; of the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I misunderstood the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Ohio, or I should not
have risen. I understood it to be for the purpose
of obtaining unanimous consent to close debate in
committee.
Mr. Chairman, I have voted for the last horn
or so, that the committee rise-, not because 1
wanted to away from the House, hut beeau.se,
if we let absent members understand that they
may go away from the House at pleasure, and
leave seventy or eighty gentlemen to do the work
for them in their absence, they w ill never be here.
Now, sir, I am reluctant, 1 am unwilling, I will
not consent, that these important bills, involving;
the expenditure of fifteen or twenty million dol-
lars, shall be permitted to pass through the House
without the amendments which nujxht be pro-
posed by absent members if they weie here.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will nowpive notice, then,
that to-morrow, if we are left without a quorem
in committee, I will insist that there he a call of
tho House.
"Before moving that the committee rise, I will
simply give notice that to-morrow, at one o'clock,
without any particular parade, the Japanese will
visit this House.
STEERING APPARATUS.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. of Illinois. Before the
gentleman moves that the committee rise, 1 ask
him to allow me to make an explanation. In the
remarks which J submitted the other day in the
House on the steamboat bill, 1 did injustice to a
very worthy man; and, at the request of Mr.
Gill, 1 will take this opportunity of setting the
matter ri&ht. I remarked on that occasion:
1 object to ha\m<$ any patent-right m tlu-> bill what-
ever. 1 contend tlmt the Mip'TViL-mi: inspectors now, with-
out any pioviMon m this bill, can adopt tin-* invention it
they pl'M^e. The bo.ud of supei\had thU matter bo-
lore thi'ui nt thi'n meeting in HutValo, and the} agieed that
it pcrb-etly impracticable.''
Now, m order that full justice may be (lone to
Mr. Gill, I submit the following report, which was
made by the board of supervisors at their meet-
ing til Ijuffalo:
'•The committee on fire apparatus have bad under eon-
Mdciatjon VV. V. Gill's patent mode ol protecting tiller
rope> from fire in case ot' the burning oi steamers, and have
directed nie to make the following icport:
The object sought io bo obtained by the invcntoi, JVIr.
Gill, i-i a very deniable <>->e. an.) ha* leeeived the atten-
tion', from time to tune, of many persons of ability, and had
also been the subject of legislation to a considerable extent.
" There have been, however, serious objections found to
exist in all plans heretofore submitted for tiial on the west-
ern rivers, and we are not prepared to say that such is not
the case with the plan submitted by Mr. Gill.
" We are not advised that Mr. Gill's plan has been put
to a practical test; and until such is the case,and we shall
have the evidence before us, it would be impossible for us
to act upon it in any manner intelligibly.
" The committee has directed me to present to the board
the following i evolution:
" Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration, at this time, of Gill's patent mode of
protecting tiller ropes from fire."
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Joiin Cochrane re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill, and the civil appropriation
bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC SYSTEM.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish, by request, to enter
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
amendatory to the consular bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know whether
that motion to reconsider is to come up in the
morning-, and take precedence of other business?
If so, I shall move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. If the motion is considered
now, the gentleman from New Hampshire is en-
titled to the floor, having made it, to submit any
remarks he may think proper.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will not detain the House
long.
Mr. BURNETT. Rather than require the gen-
tleman to tro on at this late hour, I will make no
question about calling up the motion.
JAPANESE RECEPTION.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is desired, by
request, to present to the House the following
letter, addressed to the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs:
washington, May 23.
Dfar Sir : May I ask the favor that you will mfoim the
Speaker and members of the House of Representatives, that
tlits Japanese princes will be much pleased to leceive them
and their families on Friday and Satin day next, at their
quailcts at YVillards', from eleven o'clock, a. m., to one
o'clock, p. m.
With great lespeet, I am, dear sir, your-? ttuly,
S. F. DUTONT, United States Navy.
Hon. Thomas Corwin, Chairman Committee on Foreign
Jlffairs} House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at six o 'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 23, ]8f>0.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
TIIE SLAVE TRADJ5.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith the copy of a letter dated
yesterday, from the Secretary of the Inteimr,
communicating the copy of a letter addressed to
him on the 13th instant, by Fernando J. Moreno,
marshal of the southern district of Florida. From
this it appears that Lieutenant Stanley, of the
United States steamer Wyandott, captured the
baik William, with about five hundred and fifty
African negroes on board, on the south side of
Cuba, near the Isle of Pines, and brought her
into Key West, on the 12th instant. Those ne-
groes ha\e doubtless been delivered to the mar-
shal; and, with those captured on board the Wild-
fire, will make the number in his custody about
one thousand. More may be daily expected at
Key West, which, both on account of a deficiency
of water and provisions, and its exposure to the
yellow fever, is one of the worst spots for an Af-
rican negro depot which could be found on the
coast of the United States.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
May 22, 18G0.
