1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tration did not choose to take tRe responsibility of
receiving foreign marble. So entirely wrong has
my friend from Missouri been throughout the
whole transaction, that he has been arguing against
this report of the committee of conference as
though it required the purchase of Italian marble,
when, in fact, it absolutely forbids it. There is
my objection to the report.
Mr. GREEN, (in his seat.) I said expressly
that they had power to go back and change.
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield the floor to the Sen-
ator if he desires it, but he has no right to sit in
bis seat and interrupt me.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to correct him*
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. GREEN. 1 stated expressly that the re-
port of the committee was better than the original
proposition, bat that I thought they had the power
to go back and wipe o* the original amendment
put on in the Senate. I complained of the com-
mittee because they did not. There is some dif-
ference of opinion as to the power of the commit-
tee over that; but I stated expressly that it was
better as they reported it than it was before. Did
I not?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator has completed, I
will now go on with my statement.
Mr. GREEN. I have completed thus far. I
do not want to be misrepresented.
Mr DAVIS. The Senator used the word
** Italian," and I remarked it because I supposed
he had not noticed the report of the committee of
conference. However, the objection I have to the
report of the committee of conference is, that they
do insert the word "American." It was an original
pftrpose, not declared by legislation, but in the
execution of the law, to build this Capitol of
American marble, and to build it of as great variety
as could be obtained. Invitations were given for
ornamental marble all over the country; speci-
mens were received from every quarry of orna-
mental marble. The object was to vary the adorn-
ment of the Capitol with all that the United States
could furnish of ornamental marble. It was sought
to build it entirely of American marble. It was
found impracticable, first, to obtain it in quantities
sufficient for the shafts; secondly, it was found
impracticable to obtain marble of a grade equal
to that of which the Capitol was built, and which
would furnish the monolithic columns for the
portico. The difference between the Lee marble
and the marble of the quarry in Carrara is small.
It requires a judge of marble, when he walks
through a room, to see where the Italian marble
has been used. If any one will go to the Post
Office extension, he can there see the three mar-
bles brought in contact. There is the darker and
inferior variety of the Lee marble brought in con-
tact with the Italian and with the marble from
Connelly's quarry. The West Chester marble,
which is similar—and it is used extensively—can
be seen both in New York and Baltimore. I do
not think it requires any argument to any one
who has inspected the Post Office extension, to
show that this marble is unfit for the porticoes of
the Capitol, and that is the only quarry from
which it appears that monolithic shafts can be
obtained of the length which is necessary for the
portico. What then shall we do? Deface the
Capitol by using inferior marble, in order that it
may be American: Has any other country on
the face of the globe, which had ever risen to any
degree of civilization and written its name on the
pages of history, sunk to such narrow prejudice
as that? Rome, in her palmy days, laid every
country under contribution from which she could
transport her marbles to build the great temples
of Rome. She is even now rebuilding the city
from marbles used in those ancient temples, the
very origin of which is unknown. Wc propose
to go to the quarry of Carrara—the quarry which
furnished the blocks for the column of Trajan—
where we may get monolithic shafts with which
to complete this Capitol. My only regret is that
the committee did not insist upon excluding the
woid 44 American,'' and, if they pleased, inserted
" a character of marble fit for the porticoes of this
Capitol." The Czar is drawing marble for the
public buildings at St. Petersburg from the very
quarry to which I think we should resort, to
which I think we shall be compelled to resort; for
he who puts up an inferior marble for the porti-
coes of this Capitol is wasting money upon it,
and American taste will pull them down to rebuild I
them of such as are fit for the Capitol extension.
I trust and believe that nothing inferior will be
allowed to stand m the portico^of this American
Capitol.
The Senator from Missouri, however, argues
this as a question of contract. Let us see, then,
what the effect of the report of the committee of
conference is. It enables the present contractors,
whose contract has never been declared void,
whose contract, therefore, is stiH valid, to furnish
columns of American marble. They can go into
the quarry in Maryland; they can furnish the
marble columns at exactly their contract price,
and they will be bound to go on and furnish the
ashlar for this building. Suppose you were to
repeal that contract, as the Senator presumes has
already been done; what would be the effect? You
would get these monolithic shafts from somebody
else,atthesameorgreaterprice. Then you would
have to buy your ashlar at such prices as these
men holding the quarry might think proper to
charge. You would have to pay whatever exor-
bitant rates either their cupidity, or their passion,
might impose on the Government for the ashlar
which would complete the Capitol. Beyond that
you have a contract with marble-cutters based
upon the character of marble which they were to
cut, which is so much softer than the marble of
the Maryland quarry, that if you substitute the
Maryland marble, they will he not bound to cut
it at the contract price,and will demand from you
the additional sum which is necessary to cut a
marble so much harder than that which they
agreed to work.
But again, sir, this building has been finished
with all its columns formed so as to show the
sharpest edges in the flute, and the deepest relief
in all its moldings, and in its foliage; and this
marble cannot bear that test. It will exfoliate
if brought to the sharp edges; and it will be im-
possible to cut the foliage with such deep relief
as is found on the pillars already finished. Thus
you incur, I say, additional expense. You have
to diminish the style, and at last to disgrace the
building by putting up an inferior building, merely
in order that you may keep the name of Ameri-
can. My only hope is, that if the amendment is
adopted as it stands, it will not be executed, but
will remain a dead letter on the statute-book, un-
til another Congress of more sober reason shall
repeal the provision, and allow the marble to be
bought wherever it can be furnished in proper
length, and of quality suited to the Capitol ex-
tension.
The correction of the error of fact—in the first
place, that Captain Meigs ever recommended this
quarry for furnishing columns; in the next place,
that there is a contract for furnishing them with
the particular individual named; and in the next
place, that the contract with the maihie contract-
ors has been repealed—disposes of all the valid
objections which the Senator ftom Missouri has
offered. Therefore the report of the committee
of conference is entirely free from objection, ex-
cept so far as it restricts the selection to a country
which has not shown itself able to furnish mono-
lithic columns of the quality required.
Now, a word as to the other point, the inser-
tion of the name of Captain Meigs in relation to
the aqueduct. I agree that it is wrong. Idonot
think Congress ought to name the officer. I think
that belongs to the Executive. I think, however,
the provision is not quite so bad as it is repre-
sented to be. Congress does not detail an officcr,
and order him to do the work, but makes an ap-
propriation for a work, and says the appropria-
tion shall not be used unless under the supenn-
tendence of a particular officcr. It lests with the
Executive, then, if he requires that officer for
something else, to use him elsewhere, and the
appropriation remains unexpended. It does not
attempt to prohibit the Executive from using this
officer wherever he may think his service is needed;
but it says Congress choose to have this work
performed under that particular direction, and
unless under that direction, they choose not to
have it performed at ail. That is the extent of
the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is it.
Mr. DAVJS. Whilst I very much prefer the
amendment adopted by the Senate; whilst I think
it altogether objectionable, in many respects seri-
ously evil, to insert the name of an officer, and
charge him with a particular work by Congress
—the body least of all fit to select agents to direct
the execution of work—still I think there is noth-
ing which touches the honor of the executive
department; there is nothing which deprives the
exccutivc department of any authority which it
has now; and it seems to me that it would be
altogether unwise for us to defeat an appropria-
tion necessary to complete a great'work, which
is going to decay already by delay, in order that
we may carry out a conflict with the House of
Representatives as to whether the name of the in-
dividual whom we desire to have charge of the
work, whom the Executive has already charged
with the work, who has been its superintendent
from the time it was commenced up to the present
hour, shall be named as its superintendent. It
seems to me to waste a great deal on a very small
matter.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I do not profess
to be a well-skilled architect; but I have laid cor-
ner-stones in due order with full ceremony.
Mr. DAVIS. Corner-stones of what?
Mr. GREEN. Of churches, which you never
did.
Mr. DAVIS. Iam not a Mason, if that is what
you mean.
Mr. GREEN. I am; and when I speak of
matters of fact, I desire to be understood; and if
the Senator from Mississippi desires to place ine
in a disparaging light, by saying I am no archi-
tect, he wakes up the wrong customer. I am as
much of an architect as he is, and a little more,
Mr. DAVIS. I do not believe that; but I dkl
not raise a question on that point.
Mr. GREEN. I have not hunted outfrom the
books high-sounding tcrmsto use them in debate
to make a pretense of show before the Senate;
but I know the substantial parts of architecture—
proportion,dimension, ornament, and finish. But
what I said was with reference to the bill, not
with reference to architecture; and why my skill
in architecture should be called in question, is a
little remarkable. I did say that I thought the
committee of conference had the $ower to strike
out tho amendment wh&h the Senate had putin.
If the Senate think otherwise, I shall not raise a
question on that. I had thought so, but I will
not raise that question. I said expressly, that if
they had not that power, the amendment pro-
posed by thote committee was a great deal better
than the original proposition of the -Senate. I
stated that distinctly; but the Senator misunder-
stood me, and supposed that I said that my ob-
jection was because they ordered Italian columns.
It was not so. The objection was because they
did not strike out the whole of the seventh amend-
ment of the Senate. Instead of amending it, I
wanted it all stricken out. If they had no power
to strike it out, then they have improved it; they
have confined it to American columns, to our own
prodution, to our own labor, to our own mate-
rials.
The Senator says he does not want this build-
ing disgraced with such a material as that. Sir,
I have evidence in my possession which proves
that this marble from the quarry near Baltimore
can stand the weather in this climate better than
the Italian marble. To be sure, its color is not
quite as deep. Its grain is fine; its finish is like
glass; it stands weather better than the other, but
its color is not quite as deep, and that is the only
difference between them, except that the Amer-
ican marble stands the weather better. It bears
just as high a finish. This is the evidence I have;
and while I am contending for this, had I not
rather spend a dollar in Baltimore, and in the
quarry there, than to spend a dollar in Carrara,
when I get the same benefit from it, and the col-
umns decorating this Capitol ornamented just as
well, and give us all the convcnicnce and safety
that the other would? I would rather spend the
dollar at home. Sir, I am no advocate of th<  pe-
culiar doctrines of the American party; but if Iam
compelled to spend a dollar at home or abroad, I
will spend it at home if I get the same advantage
from it.
So far as Captain Meigs is concerned, I never
uttered a complaint against him. My wholecom-
piainthas been against the action of the Senate
and the House, who attempt to put him in to power
and into office over the head of the Secretary of
War, who has command of the Army. It is an
insult to him, and no man who is a friend of the
Secretary ought to vote for it.- Suppose my hon-
