1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the message was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FORT SNELLING RESERVATION.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg-leave to offer a resolu-
tion; and as it is a mere resolution of inquiry, I
hope it will be considered now: ' *
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate whether any of the money agreed to be
paid for the purchase of the Fort Snelling reservation, in
Minnesota, has been paid, according to agreement^ and ii
so, how much, when, and to whom; in what manner such
payments were made, and in what manner are the unpaid
installments of the purchase money secured ?
Also, that he inform the Senate whether any part of said
reservation is now in the occupancy of the United States;
and if so, what part, for what purpose; upon what terms
or stipulations, who is in charge thereof, and bow long will
such occupancy probably continue ?
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
_ Mr. HALE. The phraseology of the resolu-
tion I have heard objected to by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] a good many times. He
has always taken the ground that, when a reso-
lution of inquiry is addressed to a Department.it
should be "directed," and not "requested" to
send us the information.
Mr. MASON. " Directed"iscertainlytheword.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to " di-
rected" being substituted for " requested."
Mr. DAVIS. I have objection. I think the
true language is that employed in the resolution.
We may make a call on the President, and the
President can order a Secretary to send anything
in his Department. We have no right to make a
call directly on the Secretary at all; and it is only
a matter of courtesy when there is any correspond-
ence between the Senate and the head of a De-
partment. The head of a Department is the officer
of the Executive; and if there bo a purpose to
make the. call mandatory, it can only be done by
making the call on the President. I think the true
language is employed in the resolution. It is an
intercourse of courtesy, and that is all.
Mr. MASON. There can be no official inter-
course of courtesy between the Senate and any
of the Departments. I should take for granted
that there would be no intercourse, official or in-
official, from which courtesy would beabsent; but
this is strictly official intercourse. The Senator
from Mississippi is right in saying that these of-
ficers are the mere ministerial agents of the. Exec-
utive, and that they cannot and ought not answer
any communication of the Senate unless with the
sanction of the President. But still, they are De-
partments known to the law; tl^y are officers
known to the law; and 1 presume, indeed I know,
it is thffcir custom, whenever any question arises
about the cxpcdiency or the propriety of making
the communication, the head of the Department
refers it to the President, and if the President in-
terferes he does it on his responsibility, or 011 his
rights. But I would submit to the Senator that
the best mode of interpreting what are the relations
between the Senate and the heads of Departments,
is the usage of the Senate—its usage ever since it
was a Senate. I do not know of any better mode
of learning what the relations are between the
branches of the Government than the usages be-
tween those branches. The invariable usage—
unless now and then by accident or inadvertence,
as in the case of the present resolution, a different
word is used—the invariable usage of the Senate,
in its communications with the Departments, is
to "direct" them, not discourteously at ail, but
as the proper term to indicate the relations that
subsist between them. On the contrary, however,
when communications are addressed to the Pres-
ident, the word " request " is used. Of course,
it is at his discretion. The President may or may
not communicate the information sought for; but
there is no discretion in such a matter, as far as the
head of a Department is concerned. I say to the
Senator from Mississippi, therefore, that 1 think
he will find that the universal usage of the Senate
has been to ""direct " the Departments, and not
to "request" them, because "request" would
imply a right to refuse.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there is no invariable
usage about it. I think the language changes as
often as the case of the individual who offers the
resolution. I part, therefore, from the Senator
from Virginia, when he speaks of the invariable
usage or custom of conducting the official rela-
tions between the Senate and the Departments.
His theory is founded on the organization of the
British Government, where the Ministry is re-
sponsible, and not the Crown. Our practice has
followed the theory of the British Government,
as we have followed it in many other things; but
our theory is the reverse of that of the British
Government. Here the Secretary is not respons-
ible-, but the Executive is. The Executive we
hold responsible, not his ministerial agents. There
is the difference between the two Governments,
and the practice ought to accord with the differ-
ence of theory.
But let us test it. Suppose the Senate sends an
order to a Secretary, and the President tells h.im
not to answer it: what is the responsibility of the
Secretary? Would the Senator put us in the
position of giving an order to one not bound to
obey—giving an order which might be sent back
to us contemptuously, and we to be without re-
dress ? The conclusion shows the fallacy of the
first proposition.
Then, again, at a very early period of the Gov-
ernment, the first time the question arose, it was
decided that the act of the Secretary was the act
of the President; that it derived its authority
because he acted for the President, and by his
direction. If that be so, then it is quite clear that
we have no right to control his action; and if we
cannot give an order to the President, we cannot
give an order to his agent, who acts for him and
whose act binds him to the responsibility.
Mr. MASON. One word. The Senator from
Mississippi has no right to trace any theory of
mine to ins source. I deny, so far as there is any
theory about the relations of the Government,
that I derived it from the source to which the Sen-
ator referred; and I would ask that Senator if he
can point to an instance where either House of
Parliament either directed or requested a minister
to communicate information?
Mr. DAVIS. If I had Hansard's Reports, I
could find them by turning over one page after
another—cases where they call on a minister to
communicate information; give a minister notice
that questions will be put to him on the floor of
the House; because there the communication is
personal—not as here, by written letter.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will find this: that
where any member of cither House of Parliament
wants information, he calls upon the minister,
and asks when the Crown will give the informa-
tion; when the House may expect to receive it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is never an order of the
House.
Mr. MASON. Never the order of the House.
That is the relation in the British Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Because the communication is
personal there.
Mr. MASON. You may assign your reason
for it; I am speaking of the fact. That is the re-
lation of the British Government. The inquiry
is made whether the Crown intends to communi-
cate it; and when tlie Crown intends to communi-
cate it; and if there is any doubt about the com-
munication being made, the House may get at it,
not by a direction or a request, but by putting
questions which may place the Ministry in an em-
barrassing position if they do not furnish the ill-
formation. That is the practice there.
Now, I agree with the Senator perfectly in this,
that, to preserve strict official form, the Senate can
communicate only with the President. In this
very instance the resolution asks for information
fiom the War Department. Now, it would be
peifectly in form to send a communication to the
President, and request that that information should
be given. The President then would direct the
head of the Department to give it, or lie would
state to the Senate his reasons why he would not
give the information. That may be the strict
official form- but I submit again to the Senator
from Mississippi, that ! lenow of no better guide
to the relations that subsist between the Senate
and the other branches of the Government than
the usage; and I referred him to the records to
show that, unless by inadvertence, the invariable
usage has been to " direct,"and not to "request"
the headof a Department to communicate inform-
ation to us.
Mr. DAVIS. The usage is not invariable, as
I stated before; but variable, accordingto the view
of the individual who offers the resolution. Now,
I put it to the Senator that his practice—if he will
have it so—was the result of following the theory
of a Government which had a different theory
from our own. I stated the fact that in Great
Britain the Ministry, and not the Crown, was re-
sponsible. He has not denied that; but he lias
gone into another argument of the manner of cor-
responding between the two Houses of Parlia-
ment and the Ministry. I have only, in addition,
to say that the Senator denies my right to refer
his theory to my source. I had no right, I admit,
except the supposition that the Senator had some
logical, reasonable foundation for his position; so
that, if I made a mistake, it was in assuming that
he had a reason, when he had not.
Mr. MASON. I protest against the Senator's
substituting his logic for mine, or his conclusion
for mine. I have great respect for his, but I pre-
fer my own.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I think
it has been the usage always in theSenatf to call
upijn the President, or the head of a Department,
according to the nature of the information which
is required. Sometimes such calls are addressed
to the President, and then it is always by request;
but when to an inferior officer of the Government,
as the head of a Department, by direction; and I
have known the Senate careful to use the word
" direct," lest other^e it might be supposed to
be any surrender of its powers over the Depart-
ments. The Senate have acknowledged that in a
case where they necessarily apply to the Presi-
dent, there is a discretion in him to give or to
withhold, according as itaffects, in his judgment,
the public interests; but when they address them-
selves to an inferior officer for information, they
do not use that language.
But, Mr. President, however this general ques-
tion may be decided, I think my friend from Mis-
sissippi will agree that it does not arise in this
case, and that this call is properly addressed to
the head of the Department, and that the Presi-
dent has nothing to do with it. This transaction,
he will recollect, originated in a poWcr given to
the Secretary of War to sell certain property of
the United States. No reference whatever was
made to the discretion of the President in the af-
fair; he had nothing to do with it. We make the
Secretary of War our agent to sell a piece of pub-
lic property. He does it. Is it not proper, when
wc inquire of this agent whether the purchase
money has been paid, that we should direct it to
him ? It would be going out of our way greatly,
it seems to me, to make a circuit around to trou-
ble the President with a matter over which he has
no concern or agency, and never had. I say,
when the Senator remembers the particular char-
acter of this transaction, I believe he will think
that this resolution is properly addressed when
it is imperatively addressed to the Secretary him-
self. He is, 111 this case, 110 Secretary of War.
Ho is a Secretary of War, to be sure; but in ad-
dition to those official duties, we created him our
agent for a particular purpose, entirely distinct
from his official duties as Secretary of War. He
has undertaken to act; has acted; has sold the
property, as we are notified. This inquiry is sim-
ply to ascertain whether the money has been paid
There might be some ground for question, and
some ground for consideration upon the general
question of our official intercourse with the De-
partments in relation to their official duties, but
this case does not come within the compass of
that question, and is entirely out of it.
I think, when the Senator shall reflect more
upon the nature and character of this Government,
he will be satisfied that, even in an official matter,
it is not necessary for us always to trouble tfye
President with our inquiries: but not to place it
simply on that ground, of forbearing to trouble the
Chief Executive with every inquiry that may be
made, I will put it upon the ground of right,-and
say, that wo are not obliged to do so. When we
ask the President for information relating to pub-
lic affairs, wo do it, as I have said, in the language
of request, and we make the inquiry conditional
on the President being of the opinion that the
information may be communicated without pre-
judice to the public interest. That is the way we
qualify our intercourse with him. It is a very
delicate mode of approaching the President.^ if
we ourselves could perceive that the iMormation,
if communicated to the public, would Beinjunous,
we should not make the inquiry; but out of abund-
ant caution we refer it to the President also, so
that the public has double security: of the mquir-
