1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
QW
ator from Wisconsin, I beg his attention to this
precise point. I am one of those who announced,
more than ten years ago, that I regarded slavery
as a great moral, social, and political blessing;
that it was the normal condition of the negro
race; and now, with the indulgence of the Sena-
tor, I will give him very briefly the reasons why
I thought so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not so material.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to make a
speech, but I want the Senator to understand what
is our position, and why wo apply it to the negro'
and not to the white man. We saw that his con-
dition in slavery, instead of debasing him, had
elevated him, and that the three or four million
negroes in bondage in the southern States of this
Union, as to moral, social, and religious blessings,
not only compare favorably, but stand immeas-
urably above millions of the same race in freedom
anywhere; and I put that proposition to the Sen-
ator now, that the four million southern slaves
have, as moral, social, and religious bemgs, and
occupy, a higher position than four million of the
same race anywhere on the top of the globe.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I shall,
perhaps, from what has occurred, be compelled to
refer to some southern authorities bearing on this
question. I do not say that all the leading men
of the South, or the leading presses of the South,
to-day take the ground that the laboring man is a
slave, whether white or black, but 1 do maintain
that some of the leading presses at the South, and
some of the leading men at the South, take that
position, and justify slavery upon the ground that
the true way to reconcile this troublesome ques-
tion of capital and labor issimply this: that capital
should own its labor and not hire it. The honora-
ble Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,]
the colleague of the gentleman who just inter-
rupted me, in las famous speech, delivered here,
denominated the "mud-sill speech"—I speak of it
with no disrespect, but merely to designate the
speech in which that term was used by him—sub-
stantially took the ground that the laboring white
men of the North were slaves in fact, though not
in name, as much so as the negroes of the South
who are actually held in the condition of slavery.
That is one authority.
Mr. CHESNUT. Before the Senator reads
his extract, with lus permission 1 would say that
the opinion as well as the feeling of the people of
South Carolina upon that subject, and I suppose
the opinion and the feeling of all other persons
who think at all, is that the white man, whether
he be a laborer or not, stands in this country upon
the same full, oq.ual right of citizenship. We
make no distinction except where the man is
not a laborer. It is one of the gravest miscon-
ceptions of this whole subject to suppose that
the white men of the South, those of respectable
character, those who command influence, those
who contribute to the character and the welfare of
the country, are not laboreis. Sir, it is our pecu-
liar, distinctive characteristic that we are all labor-
ers. Many of the gentlemen speak of the free
laborer of the South. They speak as if they
never saw one. I would say to gentlemen now
you behold a free laborer of the South; I bear
the commission of the State of South Carolina;
[ am a free laborer of the South. Can it be sup-
posed that wo stigmatize and stultify ourselves'
No, sir. The true position is this: that the only
proper, the only beneficial relation which can
exist between the two races now in the South, is
that which does exist of mastery upon the one
part, subserviency and obedience on the other—
a mastery mild, benign, beneficial, and altogether
right—beneficial to both races, peculiarly so to the
subservient race. That is the true position; and
I speak it now that the gentleman may not after-
wards place upon the people of South Carolina
the ridiculous idea that we hold in contempt the
white free laborer—that we contemn ourselves. I
care not what extracts he may read. I speak
from knowledge. I speak for myself, that to be
the true ground, the real opinion, the onl y feeling
in South Carolina, that if there is a difference it
is the man who does not labor suffers in the com-
parison throughout the entire South.
'Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
denv that men at the South differ in their opin-
ions, some maintaining that the doctrine that the
natural condition of the laboring man, his normal
condition, is that of slavery, applies to the negro
race, and to the negro race alone; but I maintain,
at the same time, that there are leading men at
the South, and leading presses at the South, who
undertake to justify slavery not upon the ground
of negro slavery as an exceptional institution
alone, but upon the broad ground and the higher
ground that capital should own its labor and not
hire it.
Mr. PTJGH. I hope the Senator will permit
mo to interrupt him. I want to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the gentleman is from
the South, at this stage of the discussion I will
give way.
Mr. PIIGH. No, sir; 1 wish to say something
to you as a northern man, if the Senator will per-
mit me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desired to address"my-
self to the Senate; and when I was speaking upon
a subject which concerned particularly southern
States, and was addressing myself to southern
men, I consented to be interrupted by them. If,
however, my friend from Ohio desires to say any-
thing special, I have no objection to hear him.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to suggest to the
Senator that the shortest way to settle the fact was
to name some man or some newspaper, because I
have heard just such suggestions as that made a
thousand times to the people of the non-slavc-
holding States, and I believe it has done more to
produce this ill blood than any other course of
assertion. Now, the Senator is contradicted; let
him give the authority, and it can be easily settled
one way or the other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, I name the Rich-
mond Examiner, which said:
" Our object in those preliminary lemaiksis to show how
unwise it l'sl'or the South to attempt to justify negro slavery
as an exceptional institution. It is the only foim of slavery
w Inch has cxcit cd the piejudices of mankind, and given rise
to alinhlion ; the only kind of slavery which has not been, i,
until recently, universal. The experience, the piactiees, j
and rie Instoiy ol mankind ampij vindicate slavery in the j
abstract as a natuvai, universal, and conservative institu- ;j
lion. In justifying slaveiy in the general or abstract, we
have to contend with the prejudices growing out of the Af-
rican slave liade. out of the crael treatment of slaves where
evei that trade exists, and the still greater prejudices of race
and color. Still, it is shown by history, both sacred and
profane, that domestic slavery is a natural, noimai, and, till
lately, universal institution."
The Richmond Enquirer I will name for an-
other 
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon mo for
a moment? I did not hear the words, "white
•slavery," in the extract which he has read, and I
want to know now, after reading that cxtract
merely, severed from the context, by what au-
thority he maintains that the Richmond Exam-
iner holds to the doctrine that slavery is the nor-
mal condition of the laboring classes of all races
I say that the very extract lie has read fails to
sustain his allegation, and I venture to assert that,
if he will produce the whole article, it will dis-
prove it clearly.
Now, Mr. President, with the Senator's per-
mission, allow me to remark that 1 have some
reason to be sensitive upon this subject, bccause
my own language has, by garbling a speech
which I delivered live years ago, been interpreted
as an evidence against the institution which I
maintain is a blessing both to the white and the
black man; and the misiepresentation has been
reiterated time and again, although upon this
tloor, on more than one occasion, I have corrected
it. 1 find that this North Carolina thief and ren-
egade, Helper, has introduced it into his hook,
although if he had consulted the records of the
Senate, he would have found that the very pre-
ceding sentence, and the succeeding sentence to
that which he quoted, denied the deduction which
he made from it, and disproved the imputation of
an opinion which he attributed to me. Hence, I
sav in respect to this, the Senator deals unfairly;
he" deals unjustly towards the South; ay, sir, I
think lie deals unjustly to himself ns an American [
Senator dealing with a grave and important sec- j
tional question, thus to quote a detached sentence
or paragraph from a newspaper, and attribute '
opinions to the editor which the very paragraph j
itself does not sustain. j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As to the meaning of the
j paragraph I have read, that is a question of con- 1
; struction between the honorable Senator and mv-
j self. _ '
! Mr. CLAY. I ask for the word "white"'there. !
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to-me perfectly
clear that the construction I give is correct. It
claims that slavery cannot be defended as an in-
stitution based on negro slavery alone. The Rich-
mond Enquirer, at one time, and under the admia-
istration of one editor of that paper, took, as I
understand it, the same ground, when it said:
" Until recently, the defense of slavery lias labored under
great difficulties, because its 'apologists—for they were
merely apologists—took half-way ground. They confined
the defense of slavery to mere negro slavery, thereby giving
up the slavery principle, admitting other forms of slavery to
he wrong, and yielding up the authority of the Bible, ana of
the history,practices,andexperieneeofmankind. Human
experience, showing the universal success of slave society,
and the universal failure of free society, was unavailing to
them, because they were precluded from employing it by
admitting slavery in the abstract to be wrong. The defense
of mere negro slavery involved them in still greater diffi-
culty.
" The line of defense, however, is now changed. The
(South"—
The editor undertakes to speak for the South—
"The South now maintains that slavery is right, natural,
and docs not depend on difference of complexion."
Mr. Johnson, a celebrated gentleman from the
South, m a speech delivered in the city of Phila-
delphia, said, openly, that the ground on which
the South stands is, that capital should own and
not hire its labor. But, sir, it is not material to
my present purpose to inquire how many or how
few ofthc monof the South now maintain the same
views. Most certainly, I shall not stand here to
question for one moment the sincerity of those
gentlemen who disclaim such extreme opinions,
and maintain that slavery should be confined to
the negro race alone. I take them at their word,
and precisely what they now say. Their posi-
tion is, that negro slavery is a blessing, a divine
institution, blessed of God, and should be blessed
by man. That I understand to bo the ground
upon which the gentlemen now stand. Well, sir,
that is substantially all that I intended to say in
the beginning, when I was interrupted, and that
is, that the South have changed their ground on
this question of slavery—negro slavery, if you
please. How long is it since the leading men of
the South, and in all the States ofthe South, your
judges upon the benches of your supreme courts,
your statesmen in Congress and out of Congress,
took the ground which the Richmond Enquirer
stated was taken by the South, that slavery was
an evil to be apologized for, to be borne as a ne-
cessity rather than bear something worse ? How
long is it since you have taken the ground that
slavery is a blessing—blessed of God, to be blessed
by man; a divine institution, on which you may
ask the blessing of the church and the blessing of
God? It has all come up within the last few
years; there is no disputing this fact.
Sir, but the other day, in this very Senate, the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] in speak-
ing of the course which had been pursued by Mr.
Letcher, the lately elected Governor of "Virginia,
in relation to some speech on some doctrines that
had been promulged in Western Virginia, stood
up here and stated the fact frankly, in substance—
' I speak from memory—that we in Virginia have
changed our ground; we do not stand where we
stood anciently; we do not stand where our fath-
ers stood upon this slavery question—as much as
to say we do not believe in what Washington
believed, and Jefferson believed, and Madison be-
lieved, and Monroe believed, and all the leading
men of Virginia, for the first fifty years of our ex-
istence under the Constitution, believed; wo have
changed our opinion in Virginia, and instead of
now admitting that slavery is an evil which we
may hope and pray some day may be entirely re-
moved from thq,Republic, we now take the ground
that it is a blessing; that it is a benefit to the
black man and a benefit to the white. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not find fault with gentlemen when they
change their opinions 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The Senator, I presume, in re-
ferring to a Senator from Virginia, referred to my
colleague.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did.
Mr. MASON. I have not a very distinct recol-
lection of what opinions ho advanced on the occa-
sion to which Jhe Senator alludes. 1 presume he
alludes to a debate during the present session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yps. sir.
