1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
required and directed by the act of May 26,1824.
Suit is, however, to y*' instituted by the claim-
ants within two years from the passage of the act,
and an appeal may be taken, either by the claim-
ants or the United States, to the Supreme Court
within one year from the date of the rendition of
the decree of the district court.
In case of a final decision against the validity
of the claim, or of the failure of claimants to pros-
ecute it within the period specified, it is to be held
forever barred,both in law and equity; butiri case
of a final decree in favor of the validity of the
grant, it is not to be construed to affect, or in any
way impair, any adverse sales, claims, or other
rights which have been recognized by the United
States within the limits of the claim, or which,
under any law of the United States, may have
heretofore been brought to the notice of the land
■commissioners or of the land officers in Michigan,
or any of the land granted to the State of Michi-
gan, or occupied by it, for the Sault Ste. Marie
canal,, its tow-path and appurtenances; but for
the area of any such adverse claims the legal rep-
resentatives of De Bonne and Repcntigny are to
receive from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office warrants authorizing them or their
assigns to enter any other lands belonging to the
United States, and subject to entry at private sale
at SI 25 per acre.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
THERESA DARDENNE.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 31)
for the relief of Theresa Dardenne, widow of
Abraham Dardenne, deceased, and their children.
It proposes to authorize Theresa, widow of Abra-
ham Dardenne, to enter, in legal subdivisions, at
any land office in Arkansas, free of cost, the quan-
tity of sixty hundred and^orty acres of any un-
appropriated land belonging to the United States
and subject to private entry, for the use and ben-
efit equally of herself and her children, by her
husband Abraham, as an indemnification for
losses sustained by them on account of an erro-
neous sale of land made to Dardenne by the land
officers at Little Roclc, on the 20th day of Janu-
ary, 1836, as per certificates of purchase,-Nos.
l]3Sand 1133; and the acceptance of six hundred
and forty acres of land, free of cost, by Theresa
Dardenne, is to be deemed and held to be a full
release to the United States of all claim on her
part, and that of the other heirs of Abraham Dar-
denne, deceased, growing out-of this erroneous
entry of lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BOSS WILKINS AND OTIIEKS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 66) to au-
thorize and direct the settlement of the accounts of
Ross Wilkins, James Withereli, and Solomon Sib-
ley. It is intended as a direction to the Secretary
of the Treasury to payto Ross Wilkins, ^udgc of
the district court for the State of Michigan, and to
the legal representatives of James Witherell and
Solomon Sibley, late judges of that court, such
amount as may be due them for services per-
formed in the capacity of a land board, at the
same rates as were allowed to William Wood-
bridge and their associates on the same land board.
iVfr. BENJAMIN. There is an adverse report
from the Judiciary Committee on that bill. I
move that we concur in the adverse report.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. That is the
precise bill wc passed at the last Congress, and it i
has passed the Senate several times before. It is
eminently a just bill. I hold m my hand a report I
made bv Mr. Williams, at the first session of the
Thirty-Third Congress, showing that this precise
compensation lias been paid in every Territory
that has been organized, where similar duties have
been imposed. I do not wish to go into a discus-
sion of the question; but T desire to say that this
report shows some twenty or thirty cases where
the same compensation has been paid, and this is
the last of the class. The other judges who acted
in the same capacity in the Territory of Michigan |
have received this compensation. The judges of |
all the other Territories organized into States i
have received the same compensation; and it is !
but a simple act of justice that these, the last of
the class, should receive the same compensation
that all the other judges of all the other Terri-
tories have received heretofore. I hope the bill
will be passed in opposition to the adverse report.
It is the first time this claim has ever been reported
adversely upon, and I have several reports in its
favor. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. PUGH. This question has been before
the Committee on the Judiciary at various times
for the last four years. It was also very fully dis-
cussed in the Senate about four years ago, upon
a proposition to make certain additional allow-
ances to 'the judges of the district and circuit court
of the United States for the State of California,
on account of alleged extraordinary services in
the decision of land grants. The Senate, after
that discussion, rejected the proposition upon the
ground that it was a violation of the Constitution
of the United States, because the salaries of the
judges were required to be fixed by law, and it
was not intended to be within the discretion of
the legislative body to increase or to diminish their
compensation. If wc go on, for instance, and give
to one of the judges of the district or of the circuit
court of the United States, either in the States or
in the Territories, an additional sum of money
for a particular class of judicial services, and then
refuse it to another judge, we really draw within
Ourselves the whole system of discriminating in
the payment of judges; we destroy the independ-
ence of the judiciary. That, I say, was the opin-
ion of the Senate m the case of the California
judges, after a very elaborate debate four years
ago; it was the opinion of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Now, when this particular case came up before
the committee it was considered, and the commit-
tee were unanimously of opinion that the claim
ought to be rejected; and they instructed the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] to make an
adverse report, which, m my judgment, states the
sound, safe principle derived from the Constitu-
tion; and I certainly shall oppose any attempt to
pay any judge an additional compensation for
judicial services. I am willing, if his salary is
too low, to raise it; but I will not vote for these
claims; andl think the question importantonough
for the Senate now to act upon this case as a pre-
cedent. It may be, that in former times, without
proper consideration, Congress has granted to one
or another judge a gratuity. On the other hand,
Congress has refusedit in agreat numbcrof cases
during the last three or four years. In my judg-
ment, it ought never to have been granted in any
case.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is clearly outside of
the Senator's supposed case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me for a single moment - I wish to know how the
case of Mr. Dainese has been passed over. I have
been watching for it all the morning.
Mr. CLARK. That is the next case. We have
not reached it yet.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. According to my count,
it is above half a dozen that have been passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ches-
ndt.) It is the next on the Calender after this
case; it has not yet been reached.
Mr. CHANDLER. In this case, an extra
amount of labor was imposed on the judges.
They were constituted a land board in addition to
their judicial duties. Wherever and whenever
these additional duties have been devolved on the
judges of a territorial government, m every single
instance the precise compensation which is here
asked has been awarded to the judges for that
duty.
Mr. PUGH. In every case?
Mr. CHANDLER. In every instance.
Mi". PUGH. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. CHANDLER. Here is a report showing
itin Louisiana Territory, Missouri Territory 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
a word of explanation ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is totally mis-
taken. In these cases, the law which imposed
the duties on the judge fixed an additional salary
for those duties.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Iu this case the law im-
posed the duties and allowed no additional salary.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely; and now as a
simple act of justice, they come and ask the same
compensation that you have paid to every other
judge of your territorial courts for similar services.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator cannot see
the difference between passing a law requiring
judges to do a particular duty, and providing pay-
ment for it in advance, and a lav/ imposing the
duty without givingpayment, I cannot make him
understand it.
Mr. CHANDLER. You have, in every other
case where you have imposed these duties,allowed
additional salary for their performance. In this
case, you have paid three of the territorial judges
of the Territory of Michigan for these additional
duties; and now, when these other three gentle-
men come and ask simple justice—just what you
have paid the judges of every territorial court, in
Missouri, Louisiana, Indiana, and every other
Territory—you object that it is conferring addi-
tional salary on your judges. It is no such thing;
it is paying" for extra services. But I do not wish
to enter into the discussion. I have here a report
made, as I said before, by Mr. Williams, at the
first session of the Thirty-Third Congress, going
fully into the merits of the case, and it gives some
twenty instances where this extra compensation
has been allowed. I simply ask for a vote. I do
not wish to occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. LANE. I ask that the report be read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask likewise that this
other report be read at the same time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that report be read
first; we had that before us when wc made this.
Mr. MALLORY and others. Read the ad-
verse report first.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Powell on the 28th of January:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
a biil to authorize and direct the settlementofthe accounts
of Ross Wilkins, James Witherell, and Solomon Sibley,
report:
That by the act of Congress of the 21st April, 1806, u to
provide for the adjustment of titles of land m the town of
Detioit, and Territory of Michigan, and for othei pur-
poses,1' the duty and responsibility of its execution de-
volved upon the Governor and the judges of the Terntory
of Michigan, to whom a further specific duty was assigned
by the act of 28th May, 1830.
The said Wilkins, Witherell, and Sibley were judges of
the said Territory of Michigan, and the said Wilkins and
the legal representatives of Witherell and Sibley, late
judges of said coiut, claim pay for services performed in
the capacity of a land board, in pursuance of the acts of
Congress atore>aid.
The salancs of the judges an; fixed by law. They accept
their position1:? with a full knowledge of the compensation
tiicy arc to leceiva. [f additional duties aie imposed upon
fhem, and no increase of pay is allowed by law, they dis-
cbarge the duties, knowing at the time the compensation
they are to receive. Jn no event should a judge bealiowcd
a gieater compensation than that fixed by law. The in-
auguration of a different policy would be contrary to the
genius of the Constitution and destructive to the independ-
ence of the judiciary.
It would be a severe blow at the independence of the
judges to make them dependent upon the eondmate de-
partments of the Government for their pay for services ren-
dered. Had it been the intention of Congress that the judjjes
who performed this service should have pay in addition"to
their salaries for the services to be rcndcicd as a land boaid,
provision for the same would have been made by law at
the time the duty was imposed. For the reasons above
stated, the committee are of the opinion that the bill should
not pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask that the former
| report be read.
| The Secretary read the following report, made
I by Mr. Williams, of New Hampshire, at the first
! session of the Thirty-Third Congress:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was leferred the me-
moiial ot Maria Morell, widow of the late Hon. George Mo-
roll, one of the judges of the supieme court of th< "Tciri-
tory of Michigan, prajing compensation for the services of
her late husband as a member of the board foi the adjust-
ment of land titles in Detioit, have had tin* same under
consideration, and report:
It appeals that Hon. George More!! was appointed, m
the year 1832, one of the judges of the supreme court ofthe
Tcrutorv of Michigan, and continued to fill that office until
the admission of that State into the Union, in 183ft. Dur-
ing that period, up to September s>4,1836, as appears irom
i the statement of A. S. Kellogsr, the last secretaiy of the
! '* land board," Judge Morell devoted much of his tunc to
J the duties of said 'v board," and was a vciy active andeffi-
, cient member thereof. The statement ol said Kellogg is
I hereto annexed.
! At the last season ot Congress the Senate pa*«ed a bill
to compensate Judges Wood budge and Chipman, who w ere
members of the same boaid, ior their services theieon, at
the rate of ,$500 peramiu'm. TIkj committee are of opinion
that that sum is not more than a iust remuneration for the
services required and rendeied; they theiefore report a bill
allowing Judge Morell the same rate of compensation, and
recommend its passage.
The piineiples and reasons governing the case are fully
stated in the report of the Committee on the Judiciary,
made in the parallel case of Judges Woodbridge and Chip-
