1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1323
man, (before alluded to,) and which is hereto annexed and
made a pai t ot this report.
In the Senate of the United States, February 15,1848.
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred,
oil the 5th January, the inemonal of William Woodbridge
and Henry fhipman, report:
That by the act of Congress of the 21st April, 1808, " to
provide tor the adjustment of titles of land in the town of
Detroit and Territory of Michigan, and for other purposes,"
the duty and responsibility oi its execution devolved upon
the Governor and the judges of the Territory of Michigan,
to whom a further specific duty was assigned by the act of
the 98th May, 1830.
By the acts of Congress for the government and regulation
of tiie Territory of Michigan, these officers were charged
with the highly important and varied duties appertaining to
their respective positions, the responsibilities and the men-
tal and physical laboisofvvhich demanded their unremitted
attention, and for which the acts of Congress creating those
offices designed to do no moio than to make a just and ade-
quate compensation, and which, it has been found, has been
less than that attached to similar offices in other Territories
of the United States.
The acts of Congress of 1806 and 1830, prescribing these
exua official duties and responsibilities, were confincd to
the single purpose of imposing those extraordinary services,
without embiating, as other acts in similar cases have done,
the correlative provision to render a proper compensation
for them.
it is tiue that the Government has the power to direct
the performance of vaiied and irrelevant sei vices by a pub-
he officer, whose oilicial duties have been defined and fixed
by the statute and the common law or usage, while the pub-
lfc olifcer is bound to obey the law, however oneious oi
even oppressive the duties and responsibilities which may
have been thus superadded to his icgular official duties;
but m most, if not ail, of these cases," the Government has
in view important advantages to its interests, m securing
the due execution of its laws and in administeung impartial
justice towards and between iu citizens, by availing itself
oi tlie experience and the tried integrity and intelligence of
its officer.
In many cases the additional duties and responsibilities
enjoined upon its officers aie irrelevant, if not loreign, to
those of the officer upon whom they have been so enjoined;
but, in a large portion of these cases, such additional duties
being comparatively trivial in their character, or of a nature
foreign to the power of any particular office, and of short
duration, would not seem to lequire, noi would officers per-
forming them expect, any pecuniary compensation. The
duties and responsibilities for which compensation is now
claimed, however, were of a different chmacter from these,
as may be seen by the laws directing their perfoimance,
which" plainly show then high impoitanee and necessaiy
duration, the extent of which is manifest fiom the fact that,
although commenccd m 1806, it was deemed necessary, by
the passage of the act of Augu>t 29,1842, to continue and
transfer the powers, duties, and responsibilities trom the
ofliceis to whom they were assigned by the act of 1806, (ren-
dered necessary by the change ot the ten itorial to the State
government,) to the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the
city of Detroit, by whom they have been performed for the
benefit of the patties interested, since that time.
That it was not the intention of the Government, by the
omission to provide in the act of 1806 a proper compensa-
tion to these ofliceis, to deny the principle or propriety of
making such additional eompensation, is evident trom the
fact that several acts approved the same day as that act
piovuled additional compensation to officers in analogous
cabes, where additional duties similar to those required of
the memorialists were prescribed. The amountof compen-
sation in these cases (although more than is claimed by the
memorialists) bears but a small proportion, i datively, to
the balatios or emoluments that it would have been neces-
sary to provide for commissioners, who might have been
appointed exclusively to perform these same duties, which
were superadded to the regularduties of these officers ; and
it may, therefore, be reasonably inferred that, in addition
to the higher considerations connected witli the assignment
of these extra official duties, to these officers, it was a meas-
me of economy on the partof the Government, since expe-
rience. fidelity, responsibility, and an intelligent execution
of the law were secured, at perhaps one fourth of the amount
that would otherwise be lequircd, to secure the exclusive
services of suitable persons, with the risk, at least, of a
want of some of those qualifications.
When it is considered that questions arising under these
acte foi adjusting the titles and settling private claims to
land involve intricate questions and principles of law and
vast amounts of property, the policy of intrusting these
important functions to intelligent and cxpeiienced officers,
having already the confidence of the Government, may be
understood, and accounted for m the continued practice of
the Government upon the subject.
With regard to the allowance of additional compensa-
tion coeval with the imposition of extra official duties, the
practice appears to have been almost general, and the omis-
sion to pi <mde such compensation when such duties have
been enjo'ned, as in the ease now under consideration,
seems a departure fiom such general practice, as an evi-
dence of which, the committee, without intending to in-
clude all of the precedents upon the subject, subjoin a list
of some of them, with leferences to the statutes in which
they aie to be found; and, deeming the claim of the memo-
rialists reasonable and just, the committee report a bill for
its payment.  
List or statement of precedents in which additional compen-
sation has been provided for judicial or ministerial officers
of the Government who hate been required by law to per-
form extra official duties in ascertaining and adjusting
'titles and claims to land, 4'c.
[Little and Brawn's edition of the laws of the United States
will be referred to for the statutes mentioned in the fol-
lowing list.]
Section thirteen of "An act regulating the grants of land,
and providing for the disposal of the lands of the United
States, south of the State of Tennessee." The commis-
sioners allowed $2,000, and the registers of land offices,
acting as commissioners, $500, for services as commis-
sionei. (Vide vol. 2, p. 234.) Approved March 3, 1803.
Section lour of "An act making provision for the disposal
of the public lands m the Indiana Territory, and for other
purposes." The registeis and leceivers of three land offices
allowed $500 each, for services as commissioners. (Vol.
2, p. 279.) Approved March 26, 180-1.
Section five of "An act supplementary to th$ act entitled
'An act making provision for the disposal of the public lands
in the Indiana Territory, and for other purposes.' " Each
of said registers and receivers allowed a further^sum of
$500. (Vol. 2, p. 345.) Approved Maich 3,1805.
Section six of " An act supplementary to an act entitled
{ An act for ascertaining and adjusting the titles and claims
to land within the Territory of Orleans and the district of
Louisiana.' " Each of the registeis of the land offices in
the Territory of Orleans allowed, m addition to his other
emoluments, $500, for abouteight months'scrviccs as com-
missioner under this act. (Vol. 2, p. 392.) Approved April
21, 1806.
Section three of " An act respecting the claims to land
in the Indiana Territory and State of Ohio." Each of the
registers and receivers to whom extra official duties were
assigned by this act weic allowed an additional compensa-
tion of$.)00. (Vol.2, p.395.) Approved April 21, 1806.
Section six of "An act confirming claims to land in the
district of Vmccnnes, and for other puiposes." The regis-
ter and receiver to be allowed each an additional compen-
sation of $500 for his services in relation to such claims.
(Vol. 2, p. 447.) Approved March 3, 1807.
Scelion eight of " An aet making further provision foi
settling the claims to lands m the Territory of Missouri.1'
The recorder allowed fifty cents for each claim decided on,
in addition to his salary, and $500 additional compensation
on the completion of the business. (Vol. 2, f>. 752.) Ap-
proved June 13, 1812.
Section six of" An act allowing further time for deliver-
ing the evidence in suppoit of claims to land in the Terri-
tory of Missouri, and for regulating the donation grants
therein." The recorder of land titles allowed additional
compensation similar to the above. (Vol. 2, p. 815.) Ap-
proved Maich 3,1813.
Section ten ot " An act for adjusting the claims to land,
and establishing land offices m the dish ict east of the island
of New Orleans." The registeis and leceivers, respect-
ively, allowed as a compensation for their services in rela-
tion to the said claims, at the rate of $1,500 a year. (Vol.
3, p. 531.) Approved March 3, 1819.
Section three of" An act providing for the examination
of the titles to land m that part of the State of Louisiana,
situated between the llio Hondo and the Sabine river."
The register and receiver allowed each a compensation of
$500 for the services required by this act, &e. (Vol. 3, p.
757.) Approved Maich 3, 1823.
Section thirteen ot " An act enabling the claimants to
lands within the limits of the State of Missouri and Teni-
tory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the valid-
ity of their claims." "The distnet judge for the State of
Missouri shall, while in the di^ehaigc of the duties im-
posed by this act, be allowed at the rate of $800 pec annum,
m addition to his salaty as distiict judge for the State of
Missouu." (Vol. 4, p. dG.) Approved May 26, 1824.
Scction eight of" An act to extend the time for the set-
tlement of private land claims m the Territoiy of Florida,
to piovide lor the preservation of the public archives in said
Territoiy, and for the lelief of John Johnson " The com-
missioners, under tiiis net, were allowed $2,000 per annum,
and the register and receiver were each allowed the sum of
$1,000, for the performance of the duties required by this
act. (Vol. 4, p. 126.) Approved March 3, 1&25.
Section six of " An act to provide for the confirmation
and settlement of piivatc land claims in East Florida, and
for othei purposes." By this act the register and receiver
were entitled to receive the sum of $1,500 per annum,as a
full compensation for the performance of his duties, and the
additional duties required hy this act, &c. (Vol. 4, p. 203.)
Approved Febiuaiy 8, 1827.
Section two of "An act supplementary to the several
acts providing for the adjustment of land claims in the State
of Alabama." Bv this art the register and rcccivcr were
allowed, as a compensation for their seiviccs in relation to
said claims, and for the services to be performed under the
piovisionsof the seveial act* to which this is a supplement,
at the late of $1,000 per annum. (Vol. 4, p. 240.) Ap-
proved Mai eh 3, 1827.
Section four of " An act supplementary to the several acts
providing for the settlement and continuation of private
land claims m Floiida." By this act the register and re-
ceiver wcie each allowed $1,000, as extra compensation,
for acting ex oflirio as commissioners, &.c. Certain claims
under this aet to be received and adjudicated by the judge
of the superior couit of the distiict within which the land
lies, &e. (Vol. 4, p. 285 ) Approved May 23, 1828.
"An act making additional appropiiations for the sup-
port of Government foi the year 1829." This act provides
lor additional compensation to the district judge for the
district of Missouu, under the act of 26th May, 1S24. (Vol.
4, p. t342.) Approved March 2, 1829.
Section eight of "An act for further extending the pow-
eis of the judges of the supenoi court of the Territory of
Arkansas, under the aet of the °6th day of May, 1824, and
lot other purposes." This act imposed certain duties re-
lating to land claims upon those judges, and enacts that
each of the judges of the supreme court of the Territory ot
Arkansas shall, while in the discharge of their duties im-
posed by this act, be allowed at the rate of $S00 perannum,
m addition to their salary as judges of the .-uperior court
for the Territory of Arkansas," 6tc. (Vol. 4, p. 401.) Ap-
proved May 8, 1830.
" An act making appropriations for the support ot uov j
eminent for the year 1831 " This act provides "for com-
pensation to William Cranch, chief justice of the circuit j
coui t for the District of Columbia, for preparing a code of j
civil and criminal jui isprndenee,in compliance with an act j
of Congress, approved 29th April, 1816, $1,000." (Vol.4,
p. 457.) Approved March 2,1831. , I
Section five of "An aet for the final adjustment of the 1
claims to lands in the southeastern Jand district of the State  
of Louisiana." By this act the register and receiver of the
land office were allowed the sum ot $500 each, as additional
compensation for additional services therein prescribed.
(Vol. 4, p. 562.) Approved July 4, 1832.
Section four of "An act for the final adjustment of private
land claims in Missouri." By this act the recorderofland
titles was allowed for his additional sefvices, imposed
thereby, the sum of $1,500 per anuum. (Vol. p. 567.)
Approved July 9,1832.
Scction thirteen of " An act in addition to < An act to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts,'" makes provision that
there be paid annually, out of the patent fund, to the chWf
justice of the district court of the United States for the Dis-
trict ot Columbia, in consideration of the extra services
imposed by this act, the sum of $100. (Vol. 5, p. 355.) Ap-
proved March 3,1839.
Section seven of " An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1846, and for other purposes," makes
provision for additional compensation to the district judges
of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Ala-
bama, under the piovisions of the first section of the act of
17th June, 1844, the sum of $7,666 67. (Vol. 5, p. 765.)
Approved March 3, 1845.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr, President, Congress
devolved certain duties on a land board in the
State of Michigan, consisting of the territorial
judges. They have paid three of the judges extra
pay for those services—Judges Woodbridge, Mo-
rel!, and Chipmau. There are two of them in the
same condition, who performed much more ser-
vice, who arc unpaid. This very bill passed the
"Senate at the last session, I understand, unani-
mously. It never has been objected to before. It
has never been reported against until the present
time. The precedent has been established of pay-
ing for these services, and it has been believed to
be just; and to make a distinction now against
these judges would seem to be very invidious to
them, when they, in fact, performed much more
service than those who have already been paid.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Senator to
say that this bill passed the Senate at the last
session ?
Mr. BINGHAM. *Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. What committee reported it?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no recollection, but
I can ascertain.
Mr. PUGH. It certainly never was reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have been looking at the
list of precedents attached to the report, which
was read at the instance of the Senator from Mich-
igan. The twenty or thirty cases alluded to,
amount, principally, to this: that wherever Con-
gress has ordered land claims to be examined by
the registers and receivers, it has given them an
additional salary as commissioners, because the
duties were entirely foreign to their appointment
as registers and receivers, and has done so in the
act which appointed them commissioners.
Mr. CHANDLER. Or judges.
Mr. BENJA MfN. But I do not find what the
gen tleman says—a series of precedents establ ished
by Congress giving the judges extra compensa-
tion after the services were rendered. I draw a
very great distinction, but the gentleman seems
to consider it entirely futile—a very £reat dis*
tinction between an act which, imposing duties
on a judge, allows him an additional salary for the
duties to be performed, and an act which directs
certain services to be performed by a judge and
does not allow him an additional salary; for the
plain and simple reason that when the additional
duties are imposed, if an additional salary is not
allowed, it is perfectly competent for the judge to
refuse to perform them, and then the Government
has it in its power to appoint another judge who
is willing to perform them; whereas, in a case
where an additional salary is allowed at the time
the duties are imposed, both parties know what
is intended.
Now, if these judges thought that the additional
duties imposed on them did not come within their
judicial duty, they ought to have stated so, and de-
clined to perform them without compensation, or
they oughtat once to have informed Congress that
they would go on doing the duties in anticipation
of being paid, and that they expected such pay-
ment. Nothing of the kind appears here. Tne
dutiesimposed on thesejudges werojudicial duties.
The Constitution of the United States gives to its
own tribunals jurisdiction over controversies be-
tween the United Slates and its citizens. The
Congress thought proper to impose upon these
judges the duty of examining such claims for land
as might be brought by citizens against the Gov-
ernment. It directed them aa judges to perform
