THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1860.
New Series No, 20.
We still believe that freedom is national, that
slavery is sectional and local, and rests upon local
law alone. We do not believe that, if we should
acquire Canada to-morrow, there is any such
slave-extending power in the Constitution of the
United States as will, of its own force, at once re-
peal the laws of Canada against slavery, and estab-
lish it there, so that a man from Virginia or South
Carolina could take his slaves at once into the
Territory of Canada, and hold them there beyond
the pqwer of Congress, or any other human power,
protected by the Federal Constitution. Nor do
we believe that the Constitution, of its own force,
has any such power as to repeal the Mexican laws
in the Territory of Utah, California, New Mex-
ico, or any other territory we may acquirc from
Mexico; that the Constitution, of its own force,
repeals those laws which abolished slavery there;
and that the Constitution reestablishes the law of
slavery, so that you can take your slaves into any
one of those Territories, without any positive law
authorizing it, and hold them there by virtuQ of
the Constitution.
If this ground is conceded, where will the peo-
ple of the North stand? If we concede theground
that the Constitution of the United States of its
own forcc would authorize you to carry slaves
into Canada if we should purchase it to-morrow,
the same Constitution would authorize you to
carry it into Wisconsin, and we could not hinder
it; and why? Before answering this question,
perhaps I ought to say that the Supreme Court, in
the opinion which they have delivered, in my
humble judgment, on a fair construction of that
opinion, have as yetgone no further than to deny
to Congress the power to prohibit slavery; but
Mr. Buchanan, in the message from which I read
the extract, goes altogether beyond the Supreme
Court, in my judgment. Mr. Buchanan assumes
not only that Congress has not the power to pro-
hibit its entry, but that the Constitution, under
the decision of the Supreme Court, with its own
positive force, guaranties slavery into the Terri-
tories which we now have or may hereafter ac-
quire. He says:
"The right has been established of every citizen to take
hia propeny of any kind, including slaves, into the common
Territories belonging equally to all the States of the Con-
federacy, and to have it protected there under the Federal
Constitution."
He does not stop with Chief Justice Taney and
the judges of the Supreme Court who deny that
Congress has the power to legislate, and therefore
pronounce the Missouri restriction unconstitu-
tional; but he goes further, and undertakes to
make it out that the Constitution of the United
States, by its own positive force, guaranties sla-
very in all the Territories. But, to return to the
question. If it has that effect in a Territory, it
has it in a State. The Constitution of the United
States is the paramount law of the land, anything
in any State constitution or law to the contrary not-
withstanding; and if the Constitution of the United
States has the power to repeal the law of Canada
against slavery, if we should acquire it, and to
guaranty the right to hold slaves in Canada, it
can repeal the constitution of Wisconsin restrict-
ing slavery. Does not the Constitution mean the
same thing everywhere? Anddoyounotrecollect.
sir, that the very moment the Dred Scott decision
was pronounced, the newspaper in the city of
Washington which claimed to represent the views
of the Administration—I refer to the Washington
Union,some year and a half ago—declared atonce
that every law and every constitution of every
State in the Union abolishing slavery was uncon-
stitutional under that decision, as it expounded
the Constitution of the United States. There is
no half-way with this doctrine; there is no middle
ground; there is no neutrality in it. I tell you, he
thatis not withus is againstus. You understand
it, sir. You claim that your doctrine carries sla-
very into every Territory by force of the Consti-
tution; and it is because you claim this, because
you are asserting this aggressive doctrine in favor
of slavery, that we are prepared to resist it by
our action, to resist it in all lawful and in all hon-
20
orable ways. We are pledged to do so, and we
expect to do so.
Mr. President, the truth is that a revolution has
been inaugurated in this country within the last
twelve years, and is in progress, not altogether
bloodless either. It was this same aggressive
idea which led Mr. Atchison in Missouri, in the
summer of 1853, months before your Nebraska
bill ever saw the light,' to proclaim to the people
of western Missouri that slavery is a thing of di-
vine right—the same doctrine which culminated
in the Lecompton constitution; that it is above
and before all constitutions; that constitutions are
to protect it, not to abolish it; and, assuming this,
it was resolved to force it into the Territory of
Kansas at all hazards, " at whatever sacrifice of
blood or treasure," to use the language of the
resolution of a meeting which Mr. Atchison ad-
dressed months before the passage of your Ne-
braska act. There is where the war was declared
on this question. It was to carry out this ag-
gressive policy; to carry the institution of slavery
into Territories free from it, made free by the law
of Congress itself, that that Nebraska act was
passed. I shall not go over what followed; we
are all but too familiar with that bloody chaptcr
in the history of this country; but we say to our
friends from the South, while you may change
your opinions on this question, and it is your right
to do so, we shall find no fault with you for doing
it; but when you undertake to forcc those opinions
upon the country for the purpose of compelling
the Government of the United States to icvolu-
tiomze its whole policy, to carry out an aggressive
policy for slavery extension, it is our intention
and full purpose to resist this revolution in the
Government and to overcome it—peacefully of
course, but we expect to overcome it.
Mr. President, I have detained tho Senate longer
than I anticipated; but there is contained in those
few sentences of the annual message of the Pres-
ident of the United States which I have read, that
which covers the whole ground; and, if adopted
and acquiesced in by the American people, there
are no longer any free States; they are all slave
Slates. The honoiable Senator from Virginia,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Mason,].applied to the
free States generally a term which I can hardly
suffer to pass without noticc. The honorable
gentleman, speaking of the States of the North,
the free States, as they are usually denominated,
called them "the servile States." I know not in
what sense the honorable gentleman intended to
apply this term to the States which wo represent;
but m whatever sense, I shall never apply any
term of opprobrium or disrespect to any of the
States; and certainly never to the State from which
he comes. No, sir; Virginia is a State in whose
history and achievements we take pride, and for
whose opinions, at all events for all of whose earlier
opinions, we hold thehighest respect. Wisconsin,
the State which I represent, is the youngest-born of
Virginia; she was born iflthe day of her pride, and
when the true principles of Virginia found place
in her history, and were expressed by her living
statesmen. Sir, I will employ no opprobrious epi-
thet towards Virginia—never. It is a State in the
memory of whose great men, and whose great
names, we of Wisconsin feci proud. To Virginia
we owe a debt of gratitude wc can never repay.
She has saved us, by her masterly policy in the
day of the infancy of the Northwestern Territory,
from being cursed by the presence of that insti-
tution which, without speaking disrespectfully of
her, I may be permitted to say, in my humble
opinion, is sucking her very life's blood.
Mr. President, I can speak, too, of the great
State of New York, for it was my native State.
At the beginning of this century, where stood
Virginia and New York in comparison with each
other? Virginia had double the white population
of New York; to-day she has but one million,
perhaps, of white population, while New York
has more than three million. New York is now
the Empire State; she has taken the place which
Virginia once proudly occupied. Virginia has as
noble harbors and rivers and waterfalls, a larger
territory and better soils, and a -milder climate,
than New York. But for her heavy misfortune,
in the presence of her servile negro populate,
there is every reason tp believe she would to-day
have had a white population of at least three, mil-
lion. What has Virginia got in exchange for
the two million of her own children? She ^ias
half a million of slaves and a quarter of a million
of free negroes, perhaps. Do you asfc m<? what
is the cause of all this change in her comparative
position ? What has produced it? Why is it that
jto-day, if our country were invaded by a foreign
foe, even Wisconsin, young as she is, can bring
as many troops into the field, and raise as mijch
bread to sustain them, as Virginia herself? Why
is it? The answer is too plain. Jt is the presence
of this servile population in Virginia wnjch has
produced this change in her comparative relations
to her sister States, and in comparison even to her
youngest-born child, Wisconsin,which laiji proud
this day to represent.
Mr. PUGEL Mr. President, there was one
assertion by the Senator-tfrom Wisconsin which
1 cannot allow to pass unchallenged, and I pro-
pose, in a very few words, to answer it, I under-
stood that Senator to assert* confidently, that
every President of the United States, frosaOeorge
Washington down to James K. Polk, had main-
tained the constitutionality of what we under-
stand by the Wilmot proviso. I undertake to
say that there never was a President, from George
Washington to James Buchanan, who asserted it
or affirmed it on any occasion.
Now, sir, as to the ordinance of 1787, its his-
tory is too well understood for the Senator or any
one else to misinterpret or misunderstand it. It
was the act of the States themselves, by their
embassadors, under another form ofGovernmcnt,
when they met and parted their ow^ property
between themselves. It was a compact between
them. It was in existence when the Constitution
of the United States was formed, and, as an obli-
gation of the former Government, it was provided
that that ordinance should continue. It never was
affirmed by any act of Congress under the present
Government. *The compact itself was in force, but
there had not been any appointment of Governor
under it, and the act to which the gentleman re-
fers, passed in 17S$, so far from being a reenaet-
ment of the ordinance of 1787, was merely to
adapt it to the new form of Government. That
is all that he finds in Washington's administra-
tion.
Pie said he would find it in John Adams's ad-
ministration. Perhaps I did not hear him accu-
rately, but I understood him to say tho Territory
of Indiana was organized in John Adams's ad-
ministration.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In 1802, I think it was.
Mr. PUGH. Itwas not the case; but if it were,
that was nothing but a Territory subject to the
ordinance of 1787; but I will tell the Senator what
Territory was organized in the time of John
Adams—the Territory of Mississippi. It was
formed out of domain which fell within the Union
without cession from any State. Part of it, to be
sure, was claimed by the State of Georgia; but a
great portion of it fell within the limits prescribed
by the treaty of peace, and it belonged to the Gov-
ernment of the United States without any terms
of cession from any State. Now is the place for
your Wilmot proviso. Now is the place where
there is no term or condition of cession from any
State. Why, then, in the apt establishing the
Territory of Mississippi, m the administration of
John Adams, did we not have the Wilmot pro-
viso? Instead of it, Congress declared that the
ordinance of 1787, cxcept the anti-slavery clause,
should be the organic law of that Territory. That
is all he can find in the days of Adams.
Now we come to Mr. Jefferson. The very act
to which he alluded, organizing Orleans Territory
in 1804, expressly allowed citizens of the States
to take their slaves into the Territory of-Orleans,
in terms. It provided that no slaves broughtinto
the United States after the year 1798 shall be taken
there; and why ? Because Congress had passed
