1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That is the exception. It stands by itself. It is*
proposed to fortify it by this case. If you fortify
it, you overrule the general rule, and establish a
new one. It may be that these judges rendered
a service for which they ought to have been paid,
and perhaps Congress erred m not giving them
additional compensation; but it is a service long
since past; none of them thought fit to resign on
that account; and if we establish this precedent,
I say we shall have every district and circuit judge
of the United States making a similar claim; for
they can all make it, and make it upon the same
argument; and thus the independence of the ju-
diciary, which was intended to be secured by a
fixed salary, elevating them above the favor of
Congress and above the fear of Congresses utterly
overthrown, and they are here besetting us, from
session to session, with claims for additional com-
pensation. Sir, if this system is to go on, I hope
the judiciary of the United States will be abol-
ished; for, instead of maintaining its presenthigh
character, it will be degraded below the judiciary
of any of the States.
Conceiving that this bill involves an important
principle, one which the Committee on the Ju-
aifltary, after full examination, have unanimously
endeavored to prevent being sustained, I call for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and. nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chan-
dler, Clark, Coliamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttlc, Fes-
senden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Malloiy, Rice,
Simmons, Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wjlkinson—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Ches-
init, Chngman, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Iverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Slidell, and Toombs—20.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, annatmced that the
House had ordered, this day, the printing of a
letter from the Secretary of War, addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
furnishing information in relation to difficulties
between the government or people of Texas and
the people of Mexico—ordered at twelve o'clock
and fifteen minutes, p. m.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills, which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
An act (H. R. No. 331) to repeal the third sec-
tion of an act entitled "An acf to increase and
regulate the terms of the circuit and district courts
for the northern district of the State of New
York," approved July 7, 1838; and
An act (H. R. No. l'J) to amend an act entitled
" An act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," appioved March
3, 1855, for the better protection of female pas-
sengers, and other purposes.
FRANCIS DAINESE.
The bill (S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis
Dainese was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Francis Dainese, late consul
at Constantinople, the sum of §4,820 99, in full
of all his claims and demands upon the United
States for his traveling, contingent, and other ex-
penses, as well as for losses sustained by him in,
and connected with, the consulate at Constanti-
nople.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SIRS. A. E. CHILDS.
The bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Mrs. A.
E. Cliilds was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
placing the name of Mrs. A. E. Childs, widow of
Thdmas Childs, late a brigadier general by brevet
in the United States Army, upon the list of wid-
ows entitled to half pay, and for paying her the
sum of twenty-five dollars per month, commenc-
ing on the 4th day of March, 1856, and continuing
for life, with a proviso that, in ease of her death
or intermarriage before the expiration of the term
of five years, the pension granted shall inure to the
benefit of the child or children of Thomas Childs,
deceased, under sixteen years of age, if such there
be; and if there be none such, it shall cease.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is evidently some-
thing wrong about fliis bill. It requires some
correction. I do not understand it. The bill
contains a proviso in relation to the death or in-
termarriage of this lady 11 before the expiration
of said term of five years," and there is no term
of five years mentioned in the bill.
Mr. POWELL. Let us strike that out.
. Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know what that
means. It requires some amendment. Let the
Senator who reported the bill propose an amend-
ment. The bill has no sense as it stands. There
is some oversight.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out the pro-
viso:
Provided, That in case of her death or intermarriage be-
fore the expiration of said term of five years, thou the pen-
sion hereby granted shall inure to the benefit of the child
or children of said Thomas Childs, deceased, under sixteen
years of age, If such there be; and if there bo none such,
then tho same shall cease.
Mr. HALE. I inquire if that does not make
an exceptional case of this ? Do not these pen-
sions usually cease upon the intermarriage of the
widow? And if that be so, why is the exception
to be made here ? It is a pension for life, and if
the proviso be stricken out, it will be continued
to her, whether she marries again or not. I un-
derstand the practice is different.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the bill be read again.
Tho Secretary read it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Instead of striking out the
whole proviso, let us strike out the words, " be-
fore the expiration of said term of five years;"
and that will accomplish the object.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my amendment;
and move to strike out the words, " before the
expiration ofthe said term of five years,"as pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out tho whole
proviso, and insert, afte  the words " for life,"
the words, " or widowhood;" so that she shall
draw her pension during her life or widowhood.
That, I believe, has been the principle established
in other eases, and I do not sec any reason why
we should depart from it here to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is the question suscepti-
ble of division on striking out and then inserting?
Mr. HALE. That is the usual form. "Let it
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am against it, whether
it is the usual form or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.MAi.LORY
in the chair.) The Chair will put the question
first on striking out the words proposed to be
stricken o*ut by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HALE. I believe, by the rules of theSen-
ate, a motion to strike out and insert is not divis-
ible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is, on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to strike out and insert.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PUGH. I want to suggest an amendment.
I see the pension is made to take effect four years
back, from the 4th of March, 1856. It seems"to
me a very bad precedent where the parties do not
come under the general law, where it is a mere
appeal to our generosity, to date the pensions back.
I know it has been done in some cases; but I do
not think it is a good system. I move to strike
out the words " from the 4th of March, 1856,"
and insert, " from and after the passage of this
act." We do not grant a pension usually, unless
from the completion of the proof. 1 think these
claims, that are not within the law, ought not to
be made stronger than the claims that art? within
tho law. , „ t , .
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the Senator that
this case was proved completely at the time it is
proposed to make the pension take effect. ihe
rule has been to allow the ponsion to commence
running from the time when the proof is com-
pleted. For that reason, we propose that the bill
shall take effect from the 4th of March, 1856.
The amendment of Mr. Pugii was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The bill (S. No. 109) for the relief bf John
Hastings, collcctor of the port of Pittsburg, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in adjusting the accounts of
John Hastings, as collector of Pittsburg, to credit
him with $9,956 62, of which amount of public
money he was robbed on March 10,1854-
Mr. HALE. This is an old acquaintance of
mine; and I shall thank the Clerk to send me tK<e
papers in the case, and I will say what I have to
say upon it very briefly. If the Senate will give
me their attention for a few moments, I will make
a statement.
This is a bill that proposes to pay to Mr. Hast-
ings about ten thousand dollars, of which he al-
leges he was robbed some time in March, six
years ago, in the city of Alleghany, adjoining
Pittsburg—about six or seven o 'clock in the even-
ing of the 10th of March. I had never heard of
the case, nor of the man; but upon reading the
report several years ago, when this matter was
brought before the Senate, it struck mc then, as
it does now, to be one of the most bald and im-
pudent attempts to swindle the Government that
had ever come under my knowledge; and I en-
deavored to present to the Senate the views which
had suggested themselves to my mind. Subse-
quently to that, I received from the city of Pitts-
burg, from a man whom I never knew nor heard
of before, in June, 1856, a letter, which I will read
to the Senate:
Pittsburg, June 24,1856.
Dear Sir : Observing in the papers that an investigation
of the robbpry of John Hastings, custoin-housc officer, of
this city, is going on in the Senate, and tfiat you are taking
an active ami worthy part in the matter, I feel constrained,
from a sense oi public duty, as high constable of the city at
the time, to state to you some facts that came to my knowl-
edge officially, and which, if necessary, I will verify upon
oath. Permit ine to premise,however, that I have no per-
sonal interest in the and no private grudge against
Mr. Hastings.
Mr. Hastings was notified, prior to the alleged robbery,
by Mr. John B. Butler, paymaster at the arsenal, that a draft
for $17,000 would be presented to him, Hastings, for pay-
ment on Saturday, the 11th. The alleged robbery took place
on Friday evening, the 10th. On Monday, immediately
after the robbery, 1 called to see Mr. Hastings m company
with Mr. Michael Gallagher, city marshal of Cleveland. We
found there Mr. Adaius, the Mayor oi' Alleghany, and Mr.
McViear, the chief of tho Alleghany City police, who were
there for the purpose of obtaining some clue to the robhery.
We all examined Mr. Hastings and could find no mails of
violence on him save a slight scratch about the eighth of an
inch on the scalp ofthe head. We all came away with the
belief that he had not been very severely maltreated.
Some months before this alleged lobbery, Mr. Hastings
called on me, as chief of the police of Pittsburg, to inform
me that he had had his pocket picked of some eleven hun-
dred dollars, at the railroad depot, and that prior to this, he
had been robbed in Washington city of some fourteen hun-
dred dollars; that he had had very bad luck in being robbed.
I made some investigation about the matter, could discover
nothing, however, and Mr. Hastings never called to know
the result of my researches, and does not know to this day,
from me, whether I found the thief or the money.
My opinion is well known here as to this pretended rob-
bery", that it is a sheer fabrication, and this I know to be
the opinion of many others. __
Respectfully, yours, ROBERT HAGUE.
Hon. J. 1'. IIai-e.
N. B. You may make such use of this lettei as you deem
proper.
I had no private use for it, and I put it amongst
tho papers. The Secretary of the Treasury under-
took to investigate this matter, and sent this letter
down and had Mr. Hague summoned before a
commissioner, and I will read his deposition, as
it is brief:
Deposition taken before the undersigned, United States
commissioner for the western district of Pennsylvania, at
tho office of the clerk of the distiict court ol the United
States, in the city of Pittsburg, on the 10th day of February,
Robert Hague, ofthe city of Pittsburg, being duly sworn
according to law, deposes and says:
The facts stated by me in a letter dated June 24,1856,
addressed to Hon. John P. Hale, and heiewith annexed,
marked by me, the said commissioner, '-'A, February 10,
J858." are true to the best of my knowledge and belief, as
derived fiom an eiammation made by im; at the time; and
subsequently to the writing of the aforesaid letter, in con- *
junction with 11. H. Best, of Buffalo, New York, I furnished
the Depai tment with an official repot t, similar in all respects
with the facts stated in said letter, at the instance and re-
quest of Hon. James Guthrie, at that time Secretary ofthe
Treasury.
I make thisstatementattherequestof R. Biddle Roberts,
Ei(f., United States district attorney for the western district
ofPenn^lvanm, he averungtliathe is requested by the  ec-
tetary of the Treasury to have this deposition taken; sav-
ing and reserving to myselfany and all manner of exception
to tin* proceeding. „   -
Cross-examined by Alfred B. McCalmont, Esq«> attorney
for John Hastings, Esq.
