1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Davis,
Collamer, and Lane were appointed.the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. I-Iayes, Chief Clerk, was received, re-
turning, in compliance with the request of the
Senate, the bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a
superintendent of Indian affairs for Washington
Territory, and additional Indian agents.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 22(1 of May, 1860, the print-
ing of the following documents:
Message of the President of the United States,
communicating information of the capture of the
bark William, with five hundred and fifty Afri-
can negroes on board—ordered at two o'clock
and sixteen minutes.
Message from the President, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the House, a
statement of the expenditures from the appropri-
ations made during the first session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, and the first and second ses-
sions of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, for legal
assistance, &c., in the disposal of private land
claims in California—ordered at two o'clock and
sixteen minutes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 58) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth;
An act (S. No. 245) for the relief of Sweeny,
Rittenhouse, Fant & Co.;
An act (S. No, 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent;
An act (S. No. G2) to amend the " Act to in-
corporate the Provident Association of Clerks in
the civil Departments of the Government of the
United States, in the District of Columbia;" and
An act (S. No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram MeCuIlough,
and Charles Pendergast.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call up the special order—the resolutions of the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr HAMMOND. I gave notice yesterday,
Mr. President, that I would rise to a question of
privilege to-day. 1 refrained from interfering with
tile morning business, and take this opportunity,
when the special orders are called up. My atten-
tion was called yesterday to a speech published
in the Daily Globe as having been delivered the
day before ni the Senate Chamber. In that speech
I find the following paragraph:
" til the State where General Hayne then declared that
'any man concerned, directly or indirectly, in tins tratlie,
would be indignantly driven out of society,'grand juries
lefuse to indict the pirates and felons of the slaver Echo;
and Captain Corrie, the pirate leader of the Wanderer, in-
stead of being < indignantly driven out of society' into a
felon's cell, or on to a felon's scaffold, now struts the
streets amidst tliecaresses of applauding thousands,shielded
from a felon's doom hv the monstrous peiver*ions of tile
laws of the land by a faithless, if not by a peijured, judge."
This speech has been printed as having been
delivered here by the Senator from Massachu-
setts; and I take occasion to inquire of the Chair
whether such a speech was delivered on this floor,
and by permission of the Chair, of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I prepared,
with some little care, a speech in explanation of
the bill I introduced for the suppression of the
slave trade. In order to take as little of the time
of the Senate as possible, I "put it in writing. I
brought it into the Senate intending to deliver it,
and the whole of it. When I called up the meas-
ure, I saw the impatience of members around me
to forward the public business; andas this speech
was made up, to a considerable extent, of cita-
tions, quotations, and explanations, which had
no reference to any member of the Senate, noth-
ing of a personal nature in it, I thought I should
be rendering a service to the Senate by stating
the points of the speech, which I did, for about
fifteen minutes; and saying, as I did say, that I
would not take the time to read the quotations
or state the reasons substantially upon which I
was supporting the bill, but stated the explana-
tion of the various sections of the bill, and the
main pointsofit. That isall I have to say about
it. I sent the speech, as 1 intended to deliver it,
all written out in all parts of it, to be printed. If
there had been any allusion to a member of the
Senate, anything of a personal character in it, I
should not have done it; but, as this speech was
made up, to a considerable extent, of quotations,
of citations, which I had put in writing before
me, 1 did not want to weary the Senate; and I did
not read the whole speech, or make the whole
speech, for that reason, and that reason alone;
and I thought I was conferring a favor upon my
associates by so doing.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President, I am aston-
ished that the Senator from Massachusetts should
suppose there was nothing personal to any Sen-
ator in that speech. Is it not personal to mc and
to-my colleague, that an eminent judge of our
State should be charged with the monstrous crime
of either infidelity or perjury ? Are we to sit here
and have such charges as that preferred or insin-
uated against a constituent, and be told that that
is not personal ? I do not know, sir, what the
rules, or how far the courtesy of the Senate would
extend, on any occasion, to any Senator's insert-
ing in a speech purporting to go out from the
Senate what he did not say upon the floor. My
own opinion is, thatif it extends to anything that
is material, it is, to that extent, a forgery and a
fraud, and ought to be arrested by some action of
the Senate.
Now, sir, I do not wish to indulge in any ban-
dying of personal epithets with the Senator from
Massachusetts, or with any other Senator upon
that side. The fruitlessncss of such a strife has
been demonstrated over and over again. But I
must speak of what lie has said here somewhat
as it deserves. Every Senator here knows that
if those remarks had been made on this floor, they
would have been instantly repelled,and their de-
nunciation would have gone out with them; but
now they have gone out in a campaign speech
without a word of objection upon this floor, and
will circulate uncorrected throughout the whole
country; and what is worse, the Senators from
South Carolina will be supposed to have sat here
in silence, and submitted to such an imputation
on their State, and on so eminent and distinguished
a citizen of it.
Sir, these expressions are harsh, grossly insult-
ing, and, I must say, untrue. In the State of
South Carolina, juries have indicted, I will not
say the pirates, but the felons of the shiver Echo.
W hen the case first came before the grand jury
in South Carolina, they refused the indictment;
for what reason? The Senator may suspect,oth-
ers may suspect, that they did it under the influ-
ence of public opinion. When it came again
before the grand jury, with theberiefitof the sober
second thought of public opinion, they were in-
dicted, which proved that the opinion of South
Carolina is settled upon that point. They were
tried and acquitted; but I am told it is very diffi-
cult to get the evidence necessary to a conviction
in such a case as that; and the proof of the fact
is, that nobody has ever been convicted, under
these laws, anywhere in the United States.
As to Captain Corrie's "strutting the streets
of Charleston amidst the caresses of applauding
thousands," that is sheer fudge. I doubtwhether
Captain Corrie is much in Charleston now. Cap-
tain Corrie has many fine traits of character, and
has hosts of friends, who, doubtless, as 1 do my-
self, sympathize with him in having been misled
into tins unfortunate operation, which has been,
in every respect, his ruin; but if he meets with
caresses or applause, it is only from that small
party in the State of South Carolina who favor
the slave trade.
Sir, as to Judge Magrath,I have good author-
ity, eminent authority, for saying that he ranks
second to no one of his grade as a judge. I have
known him long and known him well; and if I
were competent to express an opinion, I would
say that very few judges of this land are entitled
to take precedence of him. Asa man, he is a gen-
tleman. His character is unimpeachable. He has
been a bold and faithful administrator of the laws;
and in the teeth of the general public sentiment of
the South, which cannot believe this trade to be
piracy, he has decided that'the ^dnstiiution give?
to Congress the power to define piracy, ai)d that
Congress has the power to make theslave trade'
piracy. That is the judge who stood up ill "a jsoath-.
em State, in the face of the general sen"timeht-r-I
do not say it is a permanent sentiment, because I
am inclined to believe with the judge, that when
it comes to be investigated, the sentiment will be
with him; but, at the first blush, the universal
opinion almost was against him; and yet he made
that decision; and the Senator from Massachusetts
calls him faithless or perjured! In the very case
to which the Senator refers, in which the judge
decided that Mr. Corrie was not amenable to the
laws which made the slave trade piracy, the judge
took a ground which I should be glad to hear the
Senator from Massachusetts or any other Senator
controvert. I am not much of a lawyer, but em-
inent lawyers who have examined it assure me,
as I think myself, that it is incontrovertible.
Having said this much, Mr. President, I have
only to say that I desire that some older Senators,
well acquainted with the rules, will, if possible,
propose something to prevent this perpetration
of forgery and fraud, by which speeches go out
from the Senate that have not been delivered here,
containing matter that ought to have been re-
buked on the instant, and in that way embarrass-
ing seriously many of the members of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON.. Mr. President, 1 have But a
few words to say in reply to the remarks made
by the Senator from South Carolina. I have
explained my course ip this matter. It was not,
and the Senator must know that it could not be,
my intention to,put upon the record here any
sentiments that I was not willing to avow in the
face of the Senate. As E said when I rose, the
other day, I did it with the intention of making a
speech of about forty minutes; I stated the points
for fifteen minutes; and my only motive was to
save the pressing time of this body. Had there
been an allusion to any Senator, anything that I
could have dreamed would have affected any Sen-
ator, I certainly should have done nothing of the
kind. Let me say, sir, that this is not the first
time, and it will not be the last time, that many
Senators have incorporated into their speeches
points of which they have stated the substance
here in the Senate, without going into full details,
not wishing to take up the time of the body.
Now, a single word in reference to this judge—
for I suppose the extent of my offending is the
allusion I made to Judge Magrath. 1 repeat the
declaration I made, and I say here, that he. has
shown in his action in these cases a disposition
to quibble, to shield persons charged with crime.
I am not a lawyer; but I say that no man of ordi-
nary intelligence can read that decision, and not
foci that it is a perversion of the law; that is a
perversion to shield crime and shield criminals.
Sir, Judge Wayne, of the Supreme Court, in
charging the grand jury of Georgia, last autumn,
laid down the doctrine that the liberty of Africans
was inviolable, so far as the United States were
concerned; that is, that all the people of Africa,
so far as we arc concerned, so far as our laws are
concerned, are free men. This judge in South
Carolina has decided that the Constitution gives
power to make a law declaring slavery a piracy;
but he declares that the act of 1820 does not make
it piracy, for it is not piracy to take persons from
Africa, unless they are proved to be free men, and
import them into this country. 1 believe, upon
my conscicnce, the position to be an unsound one,
and that it was assumed for the purpose ofinter-
posing the power of the judicial tribunals to pre-
vent the persons who had been guilty Of these
crimes receiving the punishment ot the laws. The
Senator admits here that the sentiment of that
section of the country is against these laws, or
the execution of these laws; that this man Corrie
has, what I say he has, the sympathy of masses
of men. He has stated well-known facts.
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not say he had their
sympathy for resisting the law; but I spoke ot
his personal qualities.
Mr. WILSON. Well, sir, notwithstanding
his crimes, he has sympathy; and that that sym-
pathy goes even beyond his personal qualities, no
man who has read the public journals of that sec-
tion of the country can entertain the slightest
doubt.
But, sir, 1 did not, in the remarks I made, under-
take to charge the people of South Carolina and
