306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
a law, in 1798, that no slaves should be brought
into any State which prohibited the foreign slave
trade. Congress, after the year 1808, could pro-
hibit it in any State without regard to the will of
that State, but prior to 1808, only with the con-
sent of the State; but in 1798, Congress provided
that it should be a penal offense to import any
slave into any State which herself had forbidden
it; and it was to prevent those slaves, and other
slaves brought from abroad, being carried into the
Territory of Orleans, that the prohibition was
written of which the gentleman speaks; but slaves
held in the States were expressly authorized by
that act to be carried into the Territory of Orleans.
Sir, does any man pretend to be ignorant of the
opinion of Jefferson on that constitutional ques-
tion ? Has he not written it for us again and again
and again, in all the letters and the public docu-
ments at the time of this very compromise of 1820*
There can be no question of his opinion. Then,
where does the Senator find any authority from
Madison?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, that the
gentleman and myself may have no misunder-
standing about the question of what is provided
in the law, I propose to read the section, or so
much of it as is applicable.
Mr. PUGH. Well; read it, and see if I am
not right.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Here it is. I read from
the Orleans act:
"Sec. 10. It shall not bo lawful for any poison or per-
sons to import oi bring into .the said Territory, from any
port or place without the limits of the United Static, or
cause or procure to be so imported or brought, or know-
ingly to aid or assist in so importing or bringing, any aluve
or slaves. And every person so offending, and bemgthereof
convicted before any court withm said Territory, having
competent jurisdiction, shall forfeit and pay, for each and
every slave so imported or brought, the sum of $300; one
moiety for the use of the United States, and the other moiety
for the use of the person or persons who shall sue lor the
same ; and every slave so imported or brought shall there-
upon bceome entitled to, and receive, his or her freedom. 11
shall not bo lawful for any per&on or persons to import or
bring into the said Territory, from any port or place within
the limits of the United States, or to cause or procure to be so
imported or brought, or knowingly to aid or assist in*o im-
porting oi bringing, any slave or slaves, which shall have
beuii imported since the 1st day of May, 1798, into anypoit
or place within the limit* of the United States, or which
may hereafter be so imported, from any poit oi place with-
out the limits ot the United States; and every person so
offending, and being thereof convicted betore any court
within said Territory, having competent jurisdiction, shall
foifoit and pay, for each and every slave so inipoitod or
brought, the sum of $300; one moiety for tlx; tw of the
United States, and the other moiety for the use of the per-
son or persons who shall sue for the same."
And, now, I will call the Senator's attention to
what follows. These are the two cases to which
he has referred:
" And no slave or slaves shall directly or indirectly be in-
troduced into said Tenitory, except by a citizen ot the Uni-
ted States removing into said Tenitory tor actual settle-
ment, and being at "the time of such removal a bona fide
owner of such slave or slaves; and every slave imported
oi brought, into the said Tenitory, oonttary to the piovis-
ions of this act, shall thereupon be entitled to, and receive,
his or her freedom."
What I stated in relation to the Orleans Terri-
tory was this: that Congress exercised the power,
not only to prevent the foreign slave trade, but to
prevent, as my friend from Vermont also stated,
the bringing into the Territory slaves that had
been imported after 1798;but the law of Congress
put an end to the domestic slave trade; and while
i said that Congress did not do all that it had the
power to do to prevent slaves going into that Ter-
ritory, Congress did legislate by way of restric-
tion, not allowing any man to take a slave into the
Territory for sale; allowing no man to take a slave
into the Territory unless he was bona fide remov-
ing for settlement and taking his slaves with him
as a part of his family. That is the substance of
what I stated, and the section which I have read
bears me out entirely.
Mr. PCIGH. Now, let us see. I say that the
whole of the restrictions to which the Senator
refers  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Without interrupting the
honorable Senator, he will permit me to say that
in stating that Indiana was organized in 1802, I
was mistaken. It was organized in 1800, during
the administration of Mr. Adams, and before the
administration of Mr. Jefferson began.
Mr. PUGH. That was a matter that I did not
think of any consequence. Now I go back to
the Orleans act of 1804, and I appeal to every
gentlemen who listened to tho rending of that sec-
tion whether the object of Congress, in etfery re-
striction therein written, was not to suppress the
foreign slave trade. It had no power to suppress
it in the States which chose to tolerate it; but it ,
had the power to suppress it in all the Territories i
and in all the States which assented to its sup-
pression; and the object of "Congress, in that sec-
tion, was to prevent that Territory which touched
the Gulf of Mexico, the first of our foreign ac-
quisitions of any extent which did touch the sea-
coast, being made the scene of the revival of the
foreign slave trade. I say it denied the doctrine
of the Wilmot proviso, for it went to the whole
extent claimed by the Senator from Mississippi
this morning; it protected, by act of Congress,
the emigration of a citizen from any of the ori-
ginal States with his slaves; so that I say any
argument drawn from the act of 1804, relative to
the Territory of Orleans, is fatal to the Wilmot
proviso.
Now, I ask, where is the act in Madison's
time? Is it the act organizing the Territory of
Missouri? Does the Senator from Wisconsin way
that the act of Congx*ess organizing the Territory
of Missouri prohibited slavery? Then how came
slavery there ? It was a slaveholding Territory
and a slaveholding settlement when wc acquired
it, and it has been so ever since. The same gen-
eral prohibitions were, no doubt, inserted, as in
the act relative to the Territory of Orleans; but
what we are searching for now is proof of the
assertion that Congress after Congress, and Presi-
dent after President has eanied into effect the
doctrine of excluding, by act of the Federal Gov-
ernment, the relation of slavery from the Terri-
tory.
jSText we come to Mr. Monroe's time. I shall
not repeat what I said the other day about the
Missouri compromise. As to these opinions that
are said to have been filed in the State Depart-
ment, where are they ? What is the sum and sub-
stance of the evidence of them ? It is a paragraph
in Mr. John Q/uincy Adams's diary, published
after his death. Why, sir, Mr. Adams did not
hold those opinions himself, and his letter relative
to the acquisition of Florida shows that he went j
even beyond General Cass in his views of squatter
sovereignty m the Territories. On the other hand,
when that quotation was first made in the Senate,
Mr. Calhoun denied it. The Senator says he
denied it after an interval of twenty years. He
denied it in 1847, the moment the question became
material. Nobody has found the opinions, but
we have found this. I referred to it the other
day, and you will find it in the Library of Con-
gress. We have found the veto message of James
Monroe, the paper in which ho intended to veto
this very bill, which the Senator says he approved;
and why did he not veto it? Because he thought
that it carried into eifeet the old idea of the Con-
federacy, of dividing the new Territories equally
between the slaveholding and non-slaveholding
States; and although not constitutional, he would
withhold the veto power. Those were the opin-
ions of Madison. He himself is in print with
his letters about that matter. It was the opinion
of Jackson, for Jackson's letter of that date is
published. It was the opinion ofWilliam Henry
Harrison, for all these vgry statements are among
the Monroe papers, purchased by Congress from
Mr. Monroe's executor. There are the Presi-
dents for you, not left to vague questions of what
acts they may have signed. There is Jefferson
and Madison and Monroe and Jackson and Har-
rison. You need not search up and down in
your statute-books for what construction you may
give to a clause. There they arc, over their own
signatures, declaring that, in their opinion, no
such power belongs to Congress
I referred to Mr. John Q^uincy Adams's opinion,
as given m his letter relative to the acquisition of
Florida, and I say he went beyond General Cass;
he went to the verge of declaring, that Congress
had not even power to establish a territorial gov-
ernment.
Now, wc come to Mr. Van Buren. I certainly
am not aware of anything in Mr. Van Buren's
time except the fact that Iowa, which was em-
braced under the Missouri compromise, and from
which slavery was excluded by the provisions of
the Missouri compromise, was erected into a Ter-
ritory. Then we come at last—for I believe the
fentleman claims nothing under Tyler—to Mr.
'oik; and I told the Senator then that Mr, Polk !
himself would have vetoed the Wilmot proviso;
that he was armed and prepared with his message
to veto it; that he was in this Capitol with his
Cabinet—Mr. Buchanan among them—with the
message written and signed, and would have vetoed
it if the House of Representatives had not receded
from the proposition which was offered as an
amendment to the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill.
Now, where are all these Presidents? Sir, do
you wonder that Walpole once said all history
must be false, when Senators of the United States
rise up and assert, again and again, and send it
forth to their constituents that this is the history
of their country? I say that, until the year 1846,
when it was offered by a Representative from
Pennsylvania in the other House, the settled opin-
ion of the country was that except in the (Execu-
tion of these two great compromises—the division
of the territory before the Constitution, and the
division of it at the time of the admission of Mis-
souri—this assertion of power by Congress was
not constitutional.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr.PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is true I did not refer
to Mr. Tyler's administration when Mr. Calhoun
was Secretary of State; but I will refer"-Senators
to it now, to show that Congress went even further
than they did in any other Administration. In the
Texas joint resolutions of admission, this lan-
guage will be found:
'"New States, of convenient size, and not exceeding four
in numbei, in addition to the said State of Texas, and
having sufficient population, may hereafter, by the consent
ot said State, he tormed out of the territory thereof, which
shall be entitled to admission under the provisions of the
Federal Constitution. And such States as may be formed
out of that portion of said territory lying south of 36° 30'
north latitude, commonly known as the Missouri compro-
mise line, shall be admitted into the Union with or without
slavery, as the people of each State asking admission may
desire. And in such State or States as shall be formed
out of said temlory north of said Missouri compromise
lino, sdaveiv. or involuntary servitude, (except for crimes,)
shall be prohibited."
Mr. Tyler and his administration went so far
as to prohibit slavery in the States.
Mr. PUGH. That is only the clause relative
to the annexation of Texas, and it seems to me
amazing that a gentleman of the legal acumen of
the Senator from Wisconsin cannot understand
the distinction between the Missouri compromise
and the legislation at the time of the ordinance of
1787, and the Wilmot proviso, Here is a vast
Territory belonging to the people of the various
States. They may all there go together, and settle
together, and live together, or if they choose they
may divide the property between" themselves.
The idea of the Missouri compromise, and the
idea of the ordinance of 1787, which extended over
the territory nortji of the Ohio river, whereas the
other provision extended over the territory south
of it, was to divide the territory equally between
the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States, I
said the other day,and I have said it many times
here and elsewhere, that I was in favor of main-
taining the principle of the Missouri compromise
up to the time that California formed hei' State
constitution, not that I believed it to be constitu-
tional, but it having been tried before the adoption
of the Constitution, and having been acquiesced
in, and being the shortest way to make peace, I
was in favor of extending the Missouri compro-
mise line to the Pacific occan up to the time that
the State of California formed a State government.
That drove me to the other doctrine of non-inter-
vention and popular sovereignty. Therefore it is
in vain for the gentleman to cite the Missouri com-
promise or any of its corrolaries.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable gen-
tleman allow mo to interrupt him? I have dis-
cussed simply the question of constitutional power,
not of expediency. I ask the honorable Senator
whether, in his opinion, he can go for anything
which is unconstitutional, if it is expedient?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I discussed the simple
question of the constitutionality of the power of
Congress on that subject, not of expediency.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator see no differ-
ence between a power of universal prohibition and
a power of division ? Can he see no difference
between an act of Congress that provides that no
slaves shall be taken into any Territory, and an
