1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
The witness protesting against the fight of Hastings to
cross-examine him, makes answers as follows:
Mr. Hastings deebne. to cross-e—^
Sworn and subscribed before me this 10th day of Febru-
ary, A. D. 1858. JACOB BEESON,
United States Commissioner.
I, Jacob Beeson, a commissioner of the United States in
and for the western district of Pennsylvania, do hereby cer-
tify that the foregoing deposition was taken before me at
my office, in the city of Pittsburg, in the presence of K.
B. KoberWj Esq., district attorney of the United States for
said district, and of John Hastings, Esq., and A.B. McCai-
mont, Esq., his attorney, of Marshall Swartzwelder, Esq.,
attorney for 11. Hague, the witness, and was committed to
writing by me and signed by the said Hague in my pres-
ence.
Witness my hand the day and year above written.
JACOB BEESON, United States Commissioner.
If anybody will take the trouble to read the
papers, which are voluminous, I think he cannot
fail to come to the conclusion that this pretended
robbery was all fictitious; that he had no such sum
in the custom-house,and that he had had bad luck
in being robbed. He says he had been robbed re-
peatedly before; and when, on the 10th of March,
1854, he was notified that this draft would be pre-
sented to him the next day, he having no money
to pay it, he had to resort to some means to make
out to us the pretense that when he went home
that evening, about six o'clock, in the city of Al-
leghany, one of the most populous places in the
United States, right by his own door he was
knocked down, robbed of his watch, what money
he had in his pocket, and the keys of the cus-
tom-house, which he had brought out with him.
Having been home and been to tea, he took the
keys of the custom-house with him. Immedi-
ately the robber went over into the city of Pitts-
burg, a city I think of at least fifty thousand
inhabitants, aAd walked into the custom-house,
where he had left one or two watchmen, and stole
this §10,000; and it all occurred, according to his
own statement, before nine o'clock in the evening.
Seeing that this story was^so baid and barefaced,
I believe that they did get up a pretense that one
of the watchmen was concerned in it; and to carry
the thing out, here is this tremendous handful I
now hold in my hand, to give currency to this
idle and ridiculous pretense. (Exhibitinga large
handbill offering a reward for the robbers.)
1 make this statement witli a great deal of reluc-
tance, because the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] for whom 1 have none but
the kindest feelings, and on whose word I place
very great reliance, by some means or other is
satisfied that Mr. Hastings is really an injured and
honest man. He believes in this robbery can-
didly and bona fide, I have not the slightest doubt;
but not believing one word of it myself, I deem
it my duty to lay these facts before the Senate, and I
venture the'assertion that any gentleman who will
take the trouble to read the papers will become sat-
isfied that this was one of the shrewdest attempts
of a man wjio had bad luck in being robbed, to
excuse his want of fidelity as a public officer by
this ridiculous pretense of a highway robbery in
the cities of Alleghany and Pittsburg between the
hours of six and nine o'clock, inMarch. Having
said this, I will leave the case to the Senate.
Mr. 1VERSON. Mr. President, before I pro-
ceed with any remarks in this case, I beg that the
Secretary 'frill read two reports, the report of Mr.
Brodhead, made some four years ago, anil the re-
port which I made at the last Congress on the sub-
ject; and I call the attention of the Senate to these
reports. After they are read 1 shall proceed with
some remarks.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Brodhead on the 28th of April, 1858, as follows:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of John Hastings, report:
The petitioner asks to be relieved from the payment of
the sum of about ten thousand dollars of public money, of
which it is alleged he was robbed on the night of the 10 th
of March, 1854, while acting in the capacity of collector of
the port of Pittsburg.
The questions presented by this case are: first, the fact
of the robbeiy of that amount of public money; and, sec-
ond, the circumstances under which it would be safe and
proper for Congres3 to interpose, by special legislation, to
relieve a particular case from the operation of the existing
geneial law.
1. As to the fact of robbery.
The testimony produced in support of the fact was taken
before the Mayor of Pittsburg, the United States d&trict
attorney acting as counsel, commencing on the morning
subsequent io the robbery.
Mr. Hastings deposes, that he left the custom-house on
the evening of the 10th of March, about a quarter past five
o'clock, and went home to supper. At half past six he
started to go out, and when he got within three ?r four
steps of the sidewalk, (on his front steps,) a short, thick
man presented himself in fiont, and at the same time he
heard footsteps behind. On turning to look, he saw a tall
man approaching. At this moment the first man caught
him by the throat, pushed him back on the steps, when the
other man came up and stiuck him on the side of the head,
by which he was stunned and lost all further recollection ;
that when he left the custom-house he left Mr. Taylor, the
deputy surveyor, and Cupples, the watchman, in the office;
that there were in the vault three bags of gold, two con-
taining $5,000 each, tied up, and one bag, containing$2,876,
untied; that he locked the vault; that he had on his per-
son $320 cash and a gold watch, and the keys of the vault,
when he was attacked.
Mrs. Hastings testifies, that about three quarters of a 
hour after her husband went out, she heard him calling,
and ou going to the front door in company with her son,
they discovered Mr. Hastings lying on the steps. She asked
him if he was sick, and he answered: "They have knocked
me down; send Tommy for Rowley." She noticed that
he had been struck on the head and was bleeding. After
Mr. Kowlev had arrived, they helped him into the house.
Dr. McCook was sent for, and states that he was called
at eight or half past eight o'clock, and found Mr. Hastings
, in a very critical condition, pulseless, with a very cold skin,
..scarcely able to articulate, with marks of violence upon his
throat and upon the side of his head, which had undoubt-
edly produced the condition of the system in which he
| found him. Mr. Hastings continued quite ill for seveial
' days.
Joseph Cupples deposes that his watch" commenced at
seven o'clock, p. in., when he went on duty till morning;
that when he came m at seven o'clock, he sat down in the
front office, smoked a cigar, and fell asieep; slept about an
hour ; when he awoke he saw no one in the office; shoitly
after Mr. McAlIeer, the other watchman, came in, walked
about,and retired. Soon after Mr. Keenan came and told
him that Hastings had been knocked down and the keys
taken from him, and warned him to be on his guard. He
heard no noise during the night.
Mr. Kcenan, editor of the Pittsburg Union, deposes that
his office is opposite the custom-house; about nine o'clock
a meb&engei came and told hirn what had occurred to Mr.
Hastings; he went immediately over to the custom-house;
hammered at the door; the watchman, Cupples,came, and
he informed him and put him on hjs guard; notified the
police; went to Mr. Hasting*'s house; iourid hnn in bed,
suffering very much. He then proceeded, in concurrence
with the officers of the law, to take measures to detect the
" lascals."
John Taylor, deputy surveyor, states that he left the
office on the 10th about six o'clock, p. m.; locked the vault
befoio he left; left Mr. Hastings and the watchman there;
heaid nothing of the outrage until he came to the office the
next morning, about half pa«t eight o'clock: he found the
vault locked; opened it, c^id saw a large quantity of gold
coin on the lloor; the money-drawer was half drawn but,
and the key gone; no appcaiance of violence; witness and
Mr. Hastings each had a key to the vault; counted the
money scattered on the floor of the vault, and found §2,876
in gold, and fifty cents in silver.
McAlIeer (watchman) says he went into the custom-
house about seven o'clock; saw Cupples sitting by the fire,
apparently asleep; went into the backioom; took one of
the revolvers ; went out again, and locked the door; thinks
Cupples was slightly intoxicated.
Samuel Kellar deposes: Is a clerk m the custom-house;
left the office at five o'clock on Fuday evening; heard ot
the attack on Mr. Hastings at seven o'clock Saturday
morning; went to the office, and found things looking right;
when Mr. Tj> lor came, 1 told him of the attack; we sat
clown and read the papers until about nine o'clock; Mr.
Taylor letired lor a short time; returned and unlocked the
vault; he exclaimed: "My God, the gold is gone too;" I
looked and saw some gold scattered on the firior.
Tins is the substance of the evidence elicited before the
mayor. Other witnesses testify to the same or similar
facts.
The Department was immediately informed of the rob-
bery.
Mr. Gouge, a special agent of the Treasury Department,
who subsequently v isited Pittsburg, reported that there was
a " deficiency of $9,956 62 caused' by a robbery committed
some time since." All of his report which relates to this
©ffice is hereunto annexed.
In the opinion of the committee, the fact of the robbery
is fully sustained by the evidence and that it occurred
without any want of care or vigilance on the part of the
collector; that lie was attacked and overcome by physical
force, rendered helpless and insensible, and in that condi-
tion robbed of his private funds and of the kejs to the vault
in which the public money was deposited, by which means
access to it wa5" obtained.
2. The second inquiry is: Do the circumstances under
which this loss occurred afford safe and proper grounds
upon which Congress should interpose, by special legisla-
tion, to suspend the operation of those general principles of
law which have been deemed necessary to the security of
the public money.
The act of 1846 provides "that any failure to pay over or
to produce the public money intrusted to such peisons
[persona intrusted with the public money] shall be held
and taken to be prima facie evidence of such embezzle-
ment."—9 Statutes at Large, 63.
The Supreme Couu, m the case of the United States vs.
Pre^cott et al., held that the felonious taking and canying
away the public moneys in the custody of a receiver ol pub-
lic moneys, without any fault or negligence on his part,
does not'dischaige him and his suietits, and cannot bo set
up as a defense to an action on his official bond —(3 How-
ard, 578.)
The adoption of such a system of accountability by Con-
giess, with respect to its agents ehatged with the receipt
and disbursement of the public money, as to leave no dis-
cretion whatever on the subject in any of the officers
charged with the settlement ot their accounts, was doubt-
less designed to secure the utmost care and vigilance on
the part of such agents, and to preclude every possible in-
ducement to fraud or collusion on their part, by which its
^safety might be endangered.
The law of the case is therefore clear; and if relief be
granted, it must be by the grace or equity of the legislative
power interposing, underthe peculiar circumstances of the
case, to suspend the operation ol the law.
Although it has been the policy of the Government to
require all receiving and disbursing officers to account ior
the money which came into their hands by the proper
vouchers, and to hold them responsible against accidents
and theft*, there have been some cases in which relief ban
been granted by special acts. Numerous and somewhat
conflicting reports have been made in both Houses of Con-
gress on applications of this character; but in the few in-
stances in which relief has been recommended, the prin-
ciple adopted by Alexander Hamilton, in the Treasury
Department, that from the very great danger of abuse, to
which the assumption of such losses by the Government
would be liable to lead, it was essential to the public safety
that the utmost strictness and exactness should be observed,
has generally been recognized.
While some of the committees have insisted that, as the
receivers ol public money are paid for its custody, they stand
in the relation of common earners, and should be held to
the stuct accountability imposed by the law, others have
maintained that, where the utmost care and diligence have
been obseived, and the loss has occurred by shipwreck, or
by occurrences over which the receiver could have had no
control, the loss should fall upon the Government. And upon
this latter principle relief has, in several instances, been
granted by Congress.
The loss in the present case rests upon the testimony of
the claimant that the money was in the vault when hq^Ieft
the office, at about live, p. m.,on the 10th March, upon proof
that"he was attacked at about half past six the same even-
ing, severely injured, and robbed ot his money, watch, and
the keys of the vault; the deposition of Mr. Taylor, deputy
suivftyor, that on opening the vault the next day, between
nine and ten, a. m., he found a quantity of gold scatteicd
on the floor, the money-drawer partially open, and the hey
gone, no appearance of violence being apparent; and the
report of Mr. Gouge that he found a deficiency at Pittsburg
of $9,950 62, caused by the robbery.
There is also a report fiom Mr. Crawford, supervising
inspector, who was directed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to investigate the affair, m which he says that he went
to the custom-house on the morning ofthe 11th, to inquire
into the extent ot the injuries to Mr. llnt-tings*, and then
heard ofthe robbery of the custom-house. Mr. Tavlor in-
formed him that there was a quantity of gold coin scattered
on the floor of the vault, which he assisted m counting.
He describes the vault, and .*ays : " Mr. Hastings carried
the key to those drawers in which all large sums of gold
are kept; MrftTaylor carried the keys to the two other
draweis in which were kept small sums for daily use, and
which were not disturbed. In the upper drawer of the two
occupied by Mr.J-lastmgs. theie were two bags, each con-
taining $5,000 in gold—these wore tied up—and another
bag containing the money scatteied on the floor ofthe vault.
This was open at the end, and was not tied as the others
weie."
After speaking of the character^of the employes, he says:
"To disconnect the watchmen with all knowledge or par-
ticipation in the matter, and it seems strange indeed how
the money could have been taken away." The severe per-
sonal mju! ics received by Mi. Hastings, and which is abund-
antly shown by the testimony, would scom to preclude all
suspicion of complicity on his part, even without taking
into consideration his previous good character and high
standing in the community, considered in connection with
the fact that the ciicumstances were immediately investi-
gated befoie the mayor of the city, and severally by two
agents of the Troasuiy Department, all of which resulted
in the conviction that no fault could be attached to the col-
lector, have led the committee to regard this, under ail the
circumstances, as one of the cases in which Congress may
and ought to interpose and grant the relief piayed, and in
this conclusion they think they are sustained by the weight
of the precedents in analogous cases.
They therefore report a bill, and recommend its passage.
Extract from, report of W. M. Gottgc, special agent for ex-
amiiiing Treasury depositories.
" In each depository I found the amount of money which
the books and returns called for, except at Pittsbuig. In
that there was a deficiency of $9,956 62, caused by a rob-
beiy committed some time previous.
" The money there was kept in an unfinished building
in such a way as to invite.aggression. The architect had
placed a vault in the room, hut it wad intended only for the
safe keeping of books. It was constructed of tlun walls of
brick, unhned with iron. It had two iron door^, but only
the outer one had any fastening, and that was of the most
common construction.
"Mr Hastings, the collector of customs and depositary at
Pittsburg, [the writer of this report was in erior as to one
ciicumstnnce. The attack was made on Mr. Hastings, not
as he was on his way to his home from the custom-house,
but afterhe had reached hi-4 home and had eaten his tupper,
and when he was on his way to visit a friend,] as he was on
his way after night fail to his home in Alleghany City, was
attacked by footpads and neaily murdcied. They took
from hnn his watch, some bundled dollars in money, (his
piivate fund5!,) and the key of the vault. On the same night
the public money was abstiacted ; but, as the robbeis shut
the door of the vault, and locked it after they had attained
their object, it was not known until next morning Jhat a
robbery had been committed.
£k Having been infoimed of the inadequacy of the defense
in the custom-house at Pittsburg, the Treasury Depaitment
had authorized the collector to employ two watchmen,
though the sum then in the depository was not large. Two
watchmen were accordingly employed, but they proved
unfaithful to their trust. Oiie of them was diunk and
asleep—perhaps had been drugged; the other is strongly sus-
pected of having aided in the robbery.
"There will be no loss to Government, as the bonds
