3214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
and the same is hereby, appropriated to enable the Presi-
dent to send some competent person or persons to the Isth-
mus of Chinqui, whose duty it shall be to examine into,
and report upon, the quality and probable quantity of coal
to be found there upon the lands of the Chiiiqui Improve-
ment Company; upon the chaiactei of the harbors of Chir-
iqui lagoon and Goifitc ; upon the practicability of build-
ing a lailroad across said isthmus, so as to connect said
harbors, and generally upon the value ot the privileges con-
tracted for in a conditional contract made on the sHst day
of May, 1859, between Isaac Toucey, the Secretary of the
Navy of the United States, and Ambrose W. Thompson
and the Chiriqui Improvement Company: Provided, That
nothing heroin contained shall be construed as a ratification
of said contract.
S. R. MALLOltY,
WILLIAM BIGLEIt,
H. HAMLIN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
P. II. MORSE,
WARREN WiNSLOW,
C. F. ADAMS,
Managers on ike part of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. This report is the same as
the former one, with the exception of the last pro-
viso. It was supposed by some that the appro-
priation of $10,000 might operate as a ratification
of the Chiriqui contract, and the proviso is put in
to prevent that.
The report was concurred in.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 104) for the final adjustment
of private land'claims tn the States of Florida,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and forotfior J
purposes, made the following report: ■,
The commute*: ofconfeience on thodisagieeing vntesof !
the two upon Senate hill No 101, entitled "An act !
for the final ad lUstment of private land claim-- in the State* !
ot'Floiida, Louisiana, AiKansas, and Mi^sonu, and toi othei j
purposes," have coiiMdcred the same, and lepoit:
That the committee recommend that the Senate rorede j
from itsdisagreementtothe amendments of the liou->e,n,ml :
agree to the *ame, with the following amendment. Suike |
out the wo id ''Arkansas'' wherever it ueeura in the bill or 1
title. j
W. K. SERASTIAN,
TRUST 12NT POLK,
J. R. DOOLITTLE,
Managers on I he jnnt of the Senate.
THOMAS C- DAVIDSON,
S. II. WOODSON,
C. 1}. JIOAKD,
Manage-) s on the j>uit of the House.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills, in which the c.oncunence of the Senate
was requested:
A hill (Nu. 511) for the lelief of E. George ;
Squier; and ]
A bill (No. G79) granting an increase of pension .
to William G. Barnard, late a soldier in the Uni- i
ted States Navy,
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE. I ask the Senate to take up the
House bill for the ielief of Robert Johnson.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senate the condition of business. The
Senate were in executive session, and while in 1
executive session the doors were opened, upon j
motion, for the purpose of receiving the ieports ;
of certain committees of conferencc.- That busi- j
nesa having been executed, the Chair, unless oth- 1
erwise directed by the Senate, will order the gal-
leries to be cleared and the doors to be closed, and
that the Senate resume the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. B1GLER. I move that the doors be closed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The doors
having been opened for a specific purpose, and
that purpose having been accomplished, the Sen-
ate is in executive session under previous order,
and the Sergeant-at-Aims will close the doors and
clear the galleries.
After some time spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened.
DEATH OV HON. JOIIN SCHWARTZ.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Hayes, Chief
Cleric:
Mr. President. I am directed to communicate to the
Senate the resolution* of the House of Repic-sentatives, on
the occasion of the death of Hon. John Schwartz, late a .
member of the House of Representatives from the State ,
of Pennsylvania. j
The Secretary read the resolutions of the House,
as follows:
Resolved, That the House has received, with profound
soriow, the announcement of the death of Hon. John
Schwartz, a member of this House, fiom the State of
Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the family of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy on this affecting
event; and as a testimony of iexpect for his memory, the
members and officers of this House will attend his funeral
to-morrow, at six o'clock, a. m., and wear the usual badge
of mourning on the left aim for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Senate be invited to attend the funeral
of the deceased.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to com-
municate a copy of these proceedings to the family of the
deceased.
Resolved, That,asafurther mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, tins House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON". Mr. President, it becomes
my painful duty to announce to the Senate the
decease of a Representative from Pennsylvania,
in the other* branch of Congress. Hon. John
Schwartz died at his lodgings in this city last
night. He was born in Sunbury, Northumber-
land county, Pennsylvania, then a frontier town,
about the year 1792, and consequently had nearly
completed the time allotted to man in the Scrip-
tures. His father was a German gentleman of
the old time, who died in manhood's prime, leav-
ing a widow and several children, unprotected and
without means for their support.
At about ten years of age, the subject of this
notice was apprenticed to a merchant, a friend of
his father, in the city of Reading, Berks county,
where lie has since lesided. By his good conduct
and skill in conducting business, he won so greatly
upon the esteem of his master, that, at the expi-
union of the term of his apprenticeship, he was
taken into partnership, and he continued the busi-
ness many years. He was an enterprising, pros-
perous, respected merchant, and retired fiom the
business with a handsome fortune. Later in life,
when his family gtew up around him, for the ben-
efit of ins sons he entered into the iron manufac-
turing business, in which be continued for several
years, and retired, leaving the business in the
hands of his sons. In one of those revulsions so
common to that branch of labor in our State, the
sons became deeply involved. In this strait the
father, in the abundance of his integrity and manly-
pride, though having no connection with the busi-
ness, discharged from his private fortune every
dollar of the debt against them. It was always
so with him. In his boyhood he was ever toauy
to divide his pittance with his mother, and no
sooner had he established himself in business
than he made itafirstcaie to surround that mother
and his brother and sisters with all the comforts
of a happy home. As the family grew up and
came upon the stage of active life, he was prompt
to aid his younger brother, Ins sisters, and their
husbands, to u start in life, and was at once the
father and the elder brother of the family. This
noble generosity formed a marked trait of Ins
character through lite. So unselfish was be that
the comfort and happiness of his friends was a
greater object of care to him than his own.
During the war of 1^12, after the burning of
Washington by the British, Mi. Schwartz left
ltis business, volunteered as a private soldier, and
marched to join the forces of Geneial Scott at Bal-
timore. While there he was selected by Ins brig-
adier general os a member of his staff*, in which
capacity he served until the close of the war.
Mr. Schwartz was never in political life, and
constantly refused public station. lie sought no
higher or more honorable distinction than to de-
serve the love and esteem of his family and neigh-
bors. It is not strange, therefore, that he won
the confidence and esteem of all with whom he
lived in contact, and became the arbiter of all
neighborhood troubles. Everybody throughout
the county of Berks knew him ana loved him.
He was a Democrat all his life, an ardent sup-
porter of Mr. Buchanan, m 185G, and up to the
time of the advent of the Lecompton question in
Congress. On that occasion the people of his
district, in their desire to show their disapproba-
tion of the course of the Administration, naturally
turned their thoughts to Major Schwartz as one
who could more easily defeat the sitting membei
of the House than any other man. It was with
great reluctance that he consented to be a candi-
date, alleging his inexperience and distaste for
public life. The struggle, in which he took litttle
part personally, was a desperate one. Every inch
of ground was contested. His competitor had
succeeded two years before by nearly eight thou-
sand majority. The triumph of his friends was,
nevertheless, full and complete.
During the brief period of his service here he
has proved himself an intelligent, honest, and
faithful member, ever true to the interests of his
constituents and of his State. The speaker has
known Major Schwartz from boyhood. He
was a fine specimen of the Pennsylvania German
gentleman: clear-headed and sensible-; unpretend-
ing, yetever ecjual to the emergency. In his hap-
py home he lived simply and unostentatiously,
yet surrounded with all the comforts provided by
a cultivated taste. He was kind, generous, and.
brave, with a heart ready and eager to relieve the
necessities of others, yet never asking assistance
for himself.
His house was the dwelling-place of hospitality,
and the favorite resort of all classes. He lias gone
from among us in ripe age. Few men leave be-
hind them so many sincere mourners and so few
enemies.
It lemains only for me, Mi. President, to offer
the customary resolutions:
Resolved unanimously, That the Senate receive-*, with
sincere regret, the announcement of tlio death of lion.
John Schwartz, late a membei of the House of Repre-
sentative-; fiom the State of Pennsylvania, and tendeis to
the i datives of the deceased the assurance of theii sympa-
thy with them uudei thp bereavement they have been called
to sustain.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to transmit to the family of the deceased a certified copy
of the toregoing resolution.
Resolved, That, in token of icspect tor the memory of
the deceased, the Semite do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Some men make themselves
felt at once by their simple presence; and Mr.
Schwartz was of this number. No person could
set eyes on him without being moved to lnquir'e
who he was, or, if the occasion presented, to form
his acquaintance. His look was that of good-
ness, and he acted in a way to confirm the charm
of his appearance. Entering tardily into public
life, he followed the prompting of duty, and not
of ambition. At this call he severed friendships,
personal and political, believing that principle was
of higher worth than party, or politician, or Pres-
ident. Thus, when already reverend with age,
lie came a Representative m Congress.
His presence in the other House was a protest.
All who saw him there knew that he came from a
constituency which had always been represented
by an unhesitating member of the Democratic
party, while lie openly denounced that paityand
associated himself coidially and completely with
those who, founding themselves on the Declara-
tion of Independence and the Constitution, sought
to bring the national Government to the ancient
ways. I mention this circumstance, because it is
an essential part of his too brief public life, while
it illustrates nis character and proclaims his title
to honor. The powerful party leader " with a
Senate at his heels" is less worthy of love and
reverence than the simple citizen, who, scorning
party ties, dared to be true and just.
But never did man, who had bioken down a
party at home and had taken his seat as a Repre-
sentative of Opposition, wear his signal suceess
more gently. Though decided and linn in con-
duct, he was winning and sweet in manner, and,
by beautiful example, showed how to unite two
qualities which are not always found together.
Winter was not sterner; summer was not softer.
In character he did honor to that brave and pure
German stock which, even from that early day
when first revealed to lnstoiym thcslnupand
clean-cut style of Tacitus, lies pre.1?' rved its ori-
ginal peculmrities untouched by change, showing
that though the individual is mortal the race is
immortal. American by birth, and Ameiican in
a geneious patriotism, he was German in his clear
blue eye, in his physical frame, in the waimth of
his affections, and in the simplicity of his life.
To him alone our tribute is now due; but in pro-
nouncing the name of Jonx Schwartz, we can-
not forget the " fatherland'* of his ance-nois,
which, out of its abundance, has given to our
Republic so many strong aims for labor, with so
much of virtue and intelligence, rejoicing in free-
dom, and.calling no man master.
Mr. SEWARD. John Schwartz was elected
