1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
given by the depositary will cover tlic amount abstracted,
but the loss will fall heavy on :i worthy mail.
<• Some useful lessons may be derived hom this mishap.
If the double-lock-and-key system, which is in u&e in the
large depositories, and some of the smuUer ones, had Upon
in use in Pittsburg, the footpads would Jiave had to assail
two men instead ot one m order to get possession of both
keys, and there I1* little probability that both ot'tlic holders
of the keys would have been at one time in sueli a place or
places as to invite an attack.
"Again; public depo=>itoiies should be so constructed
that the money in them will Iv. *ocuic, even if the*watch-
men employed piove unfaithful to then trust. They should
be so stiong and constructed in such a way as to bid defi-
ance to any attack which may bo made upon them by any
combination of buiglarsm the length of time burglars whuld
have to operate. The depository at Boston is the only one
that at present fully answers this* description."
The Secretary also read the following report,
made by Mr. Ivjersom oa the 18th of March, 1858:
The Committee on Claims, to whom weiereferied the me-
morial and papers m the ca&e of John Hastings, have care-
fully consuleiod the -mm', and submit the following leport:
The committee have come to the conclusion that the
prayer of the petitioner ought to be granted. The case was
presented to the last Congress and referred to the Committee
on Claims ot the Senate, who made an elaborate report
thereon, through their chairman, Mr. Hrodhead. Your com-
mittee think that the punciplcsandrule which ought to gov
em the action of the Government m such cases aie verj' well
and propei Iv stated in that report, and they meet the concui-
rencc or this committee. That report is hereto annexed, and
we beg leave to icfei the Senate to the same, as containing
a eonect and somewhat detailed statement of the evidence
which was before that committee and the Senate at the last
session ol Congress.
During the discussion of the case in the Senate at the
last Congress, a letter from one Robert Hague to Hon. John
P. Hale was read, which expressed the opinion that the
alleged robbery of Mr. Huntings was a sham, and which
staled some facts calculated, it true, to cast suspicion upon
the truth of that allegation. Yourcomimttee, deeming it
proper to obtain all the information which would throw
jigbt upon the subjcct, placed Mr. Hague's letter in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, with the request
that he would transmit the same to the United States dis-
trict attorney at Pitching, with instructions to examine Mr,
Hague upon oath, as to the facts stated in that letter, and
any other facts which he might be disposed to state, beaimg
upon the subject. The letter was accordingly liansmitted to
Pittsbuig, and Mi. llague examined undei oath. The ex-
amination, however, elicited no new fact. Mi. Hague sim-
ply vended, in gcneiai tarns, the tintli of thelacts slated in
hi*> letter. The pioduetion ot this letter against Mi. Hast-
ing-:, and the roecntvoiilication ot it by the vvutei, caused
Mi. Hastings to take the depositions ot seveial witnesses-,
in addition to those originally tiled m the ease, ami which
wore, shortly alter the ttansaction, taken before the Mayor
of Pittsburg.
These latter depositions fully sustain tiie testimony pre-
viously taken in the case, and, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, lemove all doubt of the tact that Mr. Hastings was
attacked, very badly mjuied, knocked down, and robbed,
on the occasion alluded to, as represented by him. There
cannot now be the least doubt that he was thus robbed of
the key of the vault where the money was kept, by luffians
and lobhers, who immediately proceeded to the custom-
house and were let into it by one of the watchmen, who
was, piobably, one of the three men who made the attack,
and unlocked tli? vault with the stolen key, and abstracted
the two bags of gold which were mibscd. Doubtless, they
• intended, and attempted, to take the emptied bag of gold,
but, in tiie darkness and hutry of the occasion, suffered it
to tail upon the lioor, and feaimg that the sleeping watch-
man m the fiont loom might awake and detect them, hast-
ily ietired, leaving the contents, of that bag scattered on the
floor of the vault.
This committee have strong reasons to believe that one
of the watchmen was a yatticcps criminis m the iobbeiy.
Indeed, it is difficult to see how the lobhers could have
entered the house without the aid of some one having a
key of the fiont room. The testimony taken m this ease
so completely di^pioves the Mi.-.p.cions> thrown over it by
Mi. Hague, that the committee attach no credit or strengtii
to his statement; and believing that it is clearly established
by a mass of testimony from witnesses of the highest char-
acter, that the facts stated by Mr. Hastings are true, and
that he had no complicity whatever m the robbery, are of
opinion that he ought to be relieved, and report a bill ao-
coidingly.
Mr. IYERSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has expressed the opinion tl^t any Senator
who examines the papers in this case carefully,
will come to the conclusion that this robbery was
a mere sham. It is true that lawyers sometimes
disagree, and well may Senators disagree; but I
venture the assertion, and I will stake anything I
own in this woild upon it, that if any impartial
man, in the Senate or out of it, who has not got
his mind made up or prejudiced beforehand, were
to take this testimony and examine it carefully
and impartially, he would come to the conclusion,
as 1 have, that it was no sham, but that this man
was really robbed of the keys of the vault, and,
therefore, of the money. The Senator from New
Hampshire has, in my opinion, some little spark
of prejudice in this case. This man, Hague,
wrote to him while this case was under investi-
gation, some years ago. I suppose the Senator
from New Hampshire then took ground against
it; I do not know how it was; I was not here
then; and Hague wrote this letter to him, which
created some suspicion on his mind, and he has
never been able to remove it since. Hague, 1 take
it, is not only a personal, but a political, friend of
the Senator. I understand that Hague was the
personal and political enemy of the collector, and
1 apprehend that there lies the secret of all Mr.
Hague's opposition, and perhaps some of the op-
position of the Senator from Now Hampshire
himself. He has been controlled by Hague, and
Hague has been controlled by animosities against
Hastings, the collector, simply from the fact that
he wanted employment from rfastings, and Hast-
ings would not give it to him.
The testimony shows that; but the evidence is
very voluminous; and I do not suppose any Sen-
ator will take the trouble to look over it; but I
must call the attention of the Senate to some of it;
and I think, if the witnesses are respectable and
entitled to belief, clearly their evidence ought to
overrule the vague suspicions of Mr. Hague. The
letter of Hague is the only particle of evidence in
the case tending to throw any suspicion on the
integrityof Mr. Hastings's conduct; and it is out-
weighed by a mass of evidence such as I have
scarcely ever seen collected in a case like this.
What does Mr. Hague say? He makes one state-
ment which is contradicted at least by eight or
ten respectable witnesses. He says that, some-
time a few days after the robbery? he and some-
body else went to Mr. Hastings's house, and made
a personal examination of him, and found noth-
ing except a cut of about one eighth of an inch on
the head. Taking that only for true, how did that
cut come there ? Who gave it to Mr. Hastings ?
It must have been a violent blow that produced it.
Could Mr. Hastings have inflicted the blow on his
own cranium ? Mr. Hague said he saw no other
injuries about Mr. Hastings's person. There are
halt,* a dozen witnesses who testify as to that point;
and I will read what they say to the Senate. At
least half a dozen respectable witnesses testify not
onlv as to the condition of Mr. Hastings on the
evening of the robbery, but as to the marks of
violence upon him several days afterwards; they
swear to the fact that he not only had this cut
upon his head, but that he had a severe contusion
upon his cheek, and that his throat bore the finger-
mark of the person who grappled his throat; and
yet Mr. Hague says the only mark on the person
of Mr. Hastings was an injury on his head. Con-
tradicted as he is, the Senate is obliged to come to
the conclusion that he swore falsely; and that he
was swearing for the purpose of making out his
suspicious case that he presented here to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and which has cre-
ated the prejudice that I think the Senator has
brought to bear on this claim.
I invoke the patience and attention of the Sen-
ate to some of the testimony in this case, taken a
very few days, perhaps the very next day, after
the occurrence took place; and I am mistaken if it
does not make out a case, in the mind of any im-
partial man, showing that this was no sham, but
that a very extraordinary and severe personal in-
jury was inflicted on Mr. Hastings; and the cir-
cumstances show that Mr. Hastings could not have
robbed himself; it was utterly impossible. The
thing occurred on Friday night. I have before
me the testimony, consisting of u sundry deposi-
tions taken before Mr. Ferdinand E. Vol tz, Mayor
of the city of Pittsburg, in relation to the attack
on John "Hastings, surveyor of the port and col-
lector of customs at Pittsburg, and the robbery
of the custom-house, on Friday, the 10th day of
March, A. D. 3854, commencing on Saturday,
the 1J ill day of March, A. D. 1854, at four o'clock,
n. m." This examination was the next day.
Here is the deposition of Joseph Cupples, one of
the two watchmen employed by Mr. Hastings,
in the custom-house, to watch at night:
Joseph Cuppics being sworn, dpposeth and saith: Am
a watchman at the custom-house m the city of Pittsburg.
The otlier watchman is Hugh McAlleer. McAlleer was on
watch yesterday, the 10th dav of March, A. 1). 1&>4. My
watch commenced at seven o'clock, p. m. There was no
one here when I went on watch. I did not seo Mr. Hast-
ings for several hours previous. I remained in the building
duiing the night, until within a few minutes of seven o'clock
this morning, the llth day of March, 1634. Theic was some
one came into the building after seven o'eiocklastevening.
It was Mr. McAilecr. When i came into the custom-house
at seven o'clock last evening, I sat down m a chair in the
front office, and smoked a cigar, and foil asleep. I was
asleep about an hour. When I awoke, 1 saw nobody in
the office ; shortly after Mr. McAlleer came to the door,
and I asked who was there ; he came into the office and said
"It is me.1" He walked about the office, and then retired. 1
then locked the door. I then commenced to stir up the
fires, and was washing my hands, when a rattle came to
the door. It was Mr. Keenan, who told me Hastings had
been knocked down, the keys taken from him, and I had
better keep a look-out. 1 bolted the door front, returned
to the cupboaul where two revolvers were. I found one ;
Mr. McAlleer had one. This was about or between niho
and ten o'clock. I fastened the front door when I came in
at seven o'clock; the outside kevl putln my pocket. There
are four outside keys. The keys arc in hands of Mr. Kei-
lar, Taylor, McAllcei, and myself. I nftver carry the key
ot the vault. There was a light in the front room all night,
never in the back room. It was not long after I came in
before t fell asleep; can't say how long; Heard no noise
during night. JOSEPH CUPPLES.
I want the Senate to understand that Mr. Cup-
pies, who was one of the watchmen, says ho came
in at seven o'clock, locked the outside'door, put
the key in his pocket, sat down to smoke a cigar,
&nd fell asleep. Afterwards the other watchman,
McAlleer, came in, of course, with another key.
There were four outside keys; Qne kept by Cup-
ples, one by McAlleer," the other watchman, an-
other by Kcllar, the clerk of the collector, and the
other by Mr. Taylor, the deputy. Mr. Hastings
did not keep an outside key at all. He kept the
key of the vault which tvas inside of the custom-
house, and where the robbery occurred. The Sen-
ate will perceive, on a further reading of the testi-
mony, that these facts which I have stated aro true.
This is the testimony of Cupples. I will now read
the testimony of Dr. McCook:
Dr. George McCook being sworn, deposeth and saith : I
was called upon to see Mr. Hastings last night, between
eight and halt past eight o'clock, p. in. X went along with
the messenger to his residence in Alleghany City, and found
him in a very critical condition. I found him literally
pulseless, with a very cold skin, scarcely able to articulate
distinctly, with marks of violence upon the front part of
his thioat, indicating clearly that the main arteries and
veins of the throat had been compressed by that violence,
and thereby tetarded the return of blood from the brains to
the hcaitj produoingcongestionofthefaceandhead. talso
found marks of violence upon the most prominent part of
the parietal bone, on both sides of tiie head, produced, as I
inferred, by the application of the force of a foreign body,
which, in my opinion,undoubtedly produced the compressed
condition of the system previously described. There was
also an extreme difficulty in swallowing, as well as of utter-
ance. My opinion is beyond a question, fiom the facts of
the case, that the injuries were the result of an attempt to
assas-matc. He was not fully conscious when 1 first saw
him. 1 think it was about an hour and tluce quarters from
the time I supposed the accident occurred until I saw him.
G. McCOOK, M. D.
At the expiration of an hour and three quar-
ters, this witness, who was a physician, and was
called to examine him, found him in this condi-
tion, scarcely able to articulate,and with difficulty
swallowing. Now I want to read the testimony
of Mr. E. it. Ralston:
E. U. Ralston being sworn, deposeth and saith : Am a
watchmaker, and am employed at Remman & Co.'s, on
Fifth street, and have my residence at William B. McCou-
iogue's, on SmithfieUl street. On Friday evening, the 10th
of March, A. D., 1851,1 was going to my residence from
the shop. I crossed over to the other side of Smithfield
street, alter coming up Fifth street, passed the southern
bidv- of the custom-house. I saw two men coming along,
cro^s Fifth street, and go towards the door of the custom-
house, on Smithlicld street. I saw them let into the build-
ing by a man without a hat on. This was about, or be-
tween quaiter before nine o'clock, or nine o'clock. The
door was shut after the two men were admitted into tho
custom-house. E. It. ItALSTON.
Now, you will perceive that about the time
Hastings was knocked down, and found lying in-
sensible at his own door, as I will read the testi-
mony directly to show, this witness saw two men
let into the custom-house by an individual with-
out a hat. Who let them in? That testimony
is uncontradicted. How could they have got in ?
They must have been let in by the watchman
McAlleer, and as I have stated in my report, the
circumstances go to implicate him in this trans-
action. Cupples was insideas he testified, with
one of the outside keys m his possession. He
had-locked the door and put the key in his pocket.
Taylor testified that he had another key. Kellar
also testified that he had one key, and McAlleer,
whose testimony is here—and a remarkable affi-
davit he has made—testified that he had one key.
Hastings did not have a key to that outside door;
and how could he have got into the office ? There
is no evidence that the door was broken down,
there is no evidence of any violence to any por-
tion of the building. He must have got in by the
front door; and who let in the robbers? If Mr.
Hastings was the man who went in there and
robbed himself—that is the implication of the
Senator from New Hampshire—I want to know-
how he could have robbed himself in the position
