1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3215
under extraordinary circumstances by the people
of Berks, in Pennsylvania, to make their emphatic
protest, in the House of Representatives, against
a policy which they deemed injurious to the in-
terests and welfare of the country. For seven
months he has maintained a struggle between the
performance of that duty and the persuasives to
repose necessary for the preservation of life, an
object of equally earnest sympathy and generous
admiration. He has succumbed at last, but his
sufferings have not been more calmly and pa-
tiently endured than his appointed work has been
bravely and faithfully done. While I leave to
others the office of eulogy, 3 cannot refuse the re-
quest of his colleagues to render this simple tribute
to his memory. Such as he was must ever be the
men who shall save and perpetuate a free nation—
honest, direct, gentle, fearless, and faithful. And
now let the hearse pass on. He whose duty is
thus fully done, and whose record is thus hon-
orably made up, is more to be envied than we
who survive,perhaps to fail, possibly even to fall
away from the career of usefulness to which our
countrymen have called us.
The resolutions were adopted; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 21, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. 11.
No. 44) confirming certain land entries under the
third section of the act of March 3,1855, entitled
"An act making appropriations for the scrvice of
the Post Office Department duiing the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1856;" when the Speaker signed
the same.
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to move to go to
the Speaker's table and take up the House bills
that have come back from the Senate with some
slight amendments, and have them disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the gentleman to in-
clude also in his motion bills from the Court of
Claims that have passed the Senate and been favor-
ably reported back by committees of the House.
These are two classes of cases which I think
are eminently deserving of consideration.
The SPEAKER. 'There being no objection,
that course will be pursued.
Mr. SHERMAN. ' There is a report to be
made from the committee of conference on the
naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
will present his icnort.
Mr. MORSE. I am directed by the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses to House bill No. 500, making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1861, to report that having met, after
a full and free conference, they have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their lespect-
ivc Houses, as follows: that the Senate recede
from its second and seventh amendments. The
second amendment is on the Nautical Almanac.
The seventh amendment is that appropriating
$20,000 to pay the salaries of certain judges m
California, which has been providedfor in another
bill. The Senate recede from both these amend-
ments. The House of Representatives is recom-
mended to recede from its disagreement to the
fifth and eighth amendments of the Senate. The
fifth is that makingan appropriation of $1,500 for
the removal of the naval monument. We ail
know tWat that belongs to the Navy. They paid
for its construction abroad, and paid duties on it
here. This amendment is for the removal of the
monument to Annapolis. The committee recom-
mend the House to concur in the amendment.
The eighth amendment makes an appropriation
for a die to pi event the clipping of United States
com. Mr. Hunter and other Senators repre-
sented this as a riiost important amendment, and
as a measure that will be of very great service.
The committee agreed to recommend the House
of Representatives to concur in the amendmentof
the Senate, and to recommend the Senate to con-
cur in the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the sixth amendment of the Senate.
This is confirming certain payments to pursers'
clerks; a subject which, ( presume, is well under-
stood by the House. We agreed to recommcnd
the House of Representatives to concur in the
ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth amendments of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out Senate amendments nine, ten, eleven, and
twelve; and m iieu thereof insert, as follows:
Be it /uithcr enactcd, Th.it the- sum of .$10,000 be, and
ibe same is hereby, appropriated to enable the President to
send some competent person or persons to the Isthmus of
Uiiiriqui, whose duty it shall be to examine into and re-
port upon the quality and probable quantity of coal to be
found thereon the lands of theChinqui ImpiovementCom-
pany; upon the chaiaeterof the harbors of Chiriqui lagoon
and Golfito; upon the piacticabUitv of building a lailroad
across the said isthmus, so as to connect said luuborsj and
genetally on the value of the privileges conti acted for m a
conditional contract made on the 2Ut of May, 1859, be-
tween Isaac Toucey, the Secretaiy of the Navy of the
United States, and Ambrose \V. Thompson and the Clu-
nqui Improvement Company.
The Senate insisted on their amendment; and
this is the result of a compromise between the
two committees.
Mr. PHELPS. Permit me to make one in-
quiry. I desire to know if the object of this
amendment is not to ratify the contract that has
been made,and to recognize it as being valid? In
other words, we might as well appropriate the
$300,000 as to adopt this amendment.
Mr. MORSE. That subject was not alluded
to in the committee. The object, as far as it was
discussed, was to ascertain what the state of things
there was. It will be recollected that this was a
conditional contract, which expires with this Con-
gress. We supposed that we were adopting sub-
stantially the substitute offned by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STE'VENS, of Pennsylvania. If I recol-
lect that contract, it did not become valid till Con-
gress should approve of it.
Mr. MORSE. It did not, and it expired with
the present session. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to have a separate
vote upon this amendment.
Mr. STANTON. 1 want to move a proviso
that this shall not be deemed as recognizing or
ratifying that contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this is to be a recogni-
tion of that contract, I certainly will not vote for
it; and I am inclined to think that it docs recog-
nize it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It certainly docs
not.
Mr. WINSLOW. I certainly should not have
voted for it if it did. This is simply to procure
information on which the House may act here-
after. It only makes an appropriation of $10,000.
The amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] asked for $5,000; but the
committee of conference thought that $5,000 was
not enough.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask a single
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman reporting this, that as the Senate has not
yet acted on the matter, the managers on the part
of the House should confer again with the man-
agers on the part of the Senate, and add a simple
proviso that nothing contained m the amendment
shall be deemed as recognizing or ratifying that
contract. He may withhold his report for a mo-
ment to have that done, so as to remove ali am-
biguity.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will have
leave to withdraw his report.
Mr. MOUSE. I wish to say that, in our whole
conference on tins subject, this matter was not
alluded to, as the gentleman fiom NoithCarolina
[Mr. Winslow] has said, and as the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] my colleague
on the committee of conference, knows. We sup-
posed that we weie providing simply for obtain-
ing information to belaid before Congress at its
next session: and as the contract expires with the
present Congress, and is conditional upon the rat-
ification of jt by Congress, what earthly neces-
sity can there be of reopening the whole question?
Mr. PHELPS. It would be better to inscit a
proviso saying that nothing herein contained
shall be considered as approving, ratifying, or
continuing in force said contract. That will re-
move all difficulty. :
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine withdraw the report?
Mr. MORSE. No, sir. I will not withdraw
it unless it is the desire of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to recommit the
report to the committee of conference.
Mr.,SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest
that the amendment be again read. I am sure
that there is not a lawyer in the House who will
say that it commits the Government.
Mr. STANTON. It refers to the contract-by
the names of the parties and the date.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. MILLSON. Unless Ave take the vote im-
mediately, the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio will be unavailing; because it is likely that
the Senate conference committee will have mada
their report. I hope, then, that we shall vote im-
mediately, and allow the gentleman from Maine
to take back the report and have it amended, al-
though I have no idea that the amendment does
commit the Government.
Mr. MORSE. 1 have called the previous ques-
tion on the report.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to enter my protest
against all foreign surveys, especially of railroad
roytes in foreign countries. [Loud cries of " Or-
der! "]
Mr. SHERMAN. I have submitted a motion
to recommit the report.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to the
gentleman from Maine yielding the floor for that
purpose. There is nothing in the amendment
which any lawyer on earth would declare is a
confirmation of the contract, or of any provision
of the contract.
Mr. MORSE. I moved the previous question,
and I have not withdrawn it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of that will be
to defeat the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. We might as well have the pre-
viousquestion seconded,and then wecan non-con-
cur ill the leport.
Mr. STANTON. Let us vote down the pre-
vious question, and then we can recommit the
report.
Mr. MORSE. Let me say one woid. The
House can express its opinion by voting for or
against the previous question. If they wish to
have the report recommitted, they can vote down
the previous question. If they wish to sustain
the report, they can vote to sustain the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Morse were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to recommit
the report to the committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of House bills on the Speaker's table, returned
from the Senate with amendments; which were
taken up in their order and disposed of as indi-
cated below.
EBEN S. IIANSCOMB.
An act (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb,returned from the Senate with the
following amendment;
At the cud of line thirteen add the following proviso :
Provided, however, That no hona fide claim, or right of
an v other patties, or of the State of Minnesota, to said land,
shall be m anvwise prejudiced or altected by the terms of
this act, until their absent shall have been first obtained.
The amendment was concurred m.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES OF CHARLES II. MASON.
A bill (H. R. No. 389) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the estate of Charles H. Mason,
returned from the Senate with an amendment to
the title, so as to make it read:
A bill loi the relief of the heirs or legal representatives
of Chailes li. Mason.
The amendment was concurred in.
MARGARET "WHITEHEAD.
A bill (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of Marga-
