2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23.
well; and I feel very confident he never entertained
or uttered such sentiments.
Mr. WfGrFALL. It is so published. I have
heard sentiments that were as disorganizing, as
bitter, and calculated as surely to produce the
same result, uttered upon this floor. The Senator
yesterday—I mention it now, before I leave that
part of the subject and go to the main course of
argument—in a very bitter denunciation of the
present Administration, stated that the office-
holders in. Illinois and Ohio votod with the Re-
publicans. I judge that his statement was made
upon information. I know not; but I take it for
granted 
Mr. PUGH. I will state to the Senate now, to
do justice to myself, that I should have said m
northern Ohio; not in the southern portion of the
State.
Mr. WIGFALL. I would merely ask, and I
would not insist upon an answer, or expect one,
what kind of Democrats these Douglas men must
be when the friends of a Democratic Administra-
tion prefer Black Republicans to them ? This dec-
laration, however, of the Senator, I suppose, is
made for the purpose of producing peace and
harmony between the two wings of the party,
the Administration wing and the Douglas wing!
Mr. PUGH. The Senator said he did not want
an answer to that question. If he docs, I will
give it to him. He asks what kind of Democrats
must the Douglas men be when the office-holders
of the Administration prefer the Black Repub-
licans.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator can answer.
Mr. PUGH. Iwiilanswer. Most of the office-
holders were Black Republicans when they were
appointed.
Mr. WIGFALL. I was saying, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this remark was doubtless made for the
purpose of producing peace and harmony!
Mr. PUGH. It was made in reply to the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
Mr. WIGFALL.
" How pleasant 'tn to pee
Kindred and triends agree."'
Why, sir, when the Senator from Ohio com-
plains that we do not nominate Mr. Douglas,and
insist that he shall not be nominated, I ask him,
in all candor, what would he and the Senator
from Illinois say if we were to insist upon nom-
inating Mr. Buchanan. Would they not say,
"There isan irrepressibleconflict; difficulties have
grown up during this Administration; you have
no right to ask this thing of us; it is not fair; it
is not kind; it is not just; Reject some man who
has not been engaged in this conflh t; select some
man who can rally in the strength of the whole
party; do not force this thing on us; we believe
with you; we are Democrats; we desire to keep
an Administration m power, and to put one in that
will administer the Government as we think it
ought to be administered; that agrees with us upon
the tariff, upon the bank, upon internal improve-
ments, upon the slavery question ? Ail thes i mat-
ters we agree upon; this ^reat parly is organized
for the purpose of administering the Government
in a certain mode. Now, why ill you bung per-
sonal considerations m? You know that Mr. Bu-
chanan is distasteful to us; then do not force him
upon us; give us a man who is not; give us a man
who agrees with him m principle, who will admin-
ister the Government as he would; and we, as a
band of brothers, can again display our flag; we
canagamgo into battle; we can again fightthegood
fight, and keep the faith."
Sir, if an appeal of that sort were made to me
by the Senator from Illinois, or his friend from
Ohio, I would feel, and I would respond to the
justice of the appeal. Then, I ask, why force on
us a man who cannot be supported by the Ad-
ministration, or any supporter of it; a man who
cannot be supported by the South, or any section
of it; a man who has not a baker's dozen in any
southern State? I care not what may be said to
the contrary; [ say Judge. Douglas has not any
strength in any southern State; and that there is
nothing but the apprehension of the election of a
Black Republican that could give him the vote of
a single State; and there are some five or six or
eight States in which the people would see a Black
Republican elected before they would vote for
him. These arc facts. He has thrown himself
in antagonism to the party. He has thrown him-
self in antagonism to pimciples which we be-
lieve to be vital to us. We are Democrats, bccause
the Democratic party has administered the Gov-
ernment in a manner which enables us to live
under it m safety, in peace, in quiet, and in com-
fort; but when the Democratic party administers
this Government so, as we believe, to make it a
curse instead of a blessing—the^Grovcrnmcnt a
tyranny, and the Union anything but a Union of
brethren—then I say the time will come when we
can no longer act with the Democratic party.
Why is ltthat we at the South are Democrats?
We have never assumed that the Democratic
party was a pro-slavery party or an anti-slavery
party. We have simply said that it was a con-
stitutional party; that it administered this Gov-
ernment in a manner that was intended by the
States that framed and adopted and indorsed the
Constitution of the United States, the parties to
the compact; that, according to the Constitution,
with the construction which the Democratic party
gave it, the Union was a blessing, and we desired
to preserve it; but what care we for names? What
has that to do with the matter? I care not
whether you call yourselves Whigs, Democrats,
Republicans, Black Republicans, National Re-
publicans, the question with me is, what are the
principles of the party, and how are you going to
administer this Government? When, then, we
ask that a man whom we regard as dangerous,
as unsound, with whom a large portion even of
the northern States of his own party are in direct
conflict, so that, according to the statement of the
Senator from Ohio, they would vote for a Repub-
lican rather than have him—when you propose
that man for us 
Mr. PUGH. 1 did not say a large number of
the party.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, then, the entire Ad-
ministration wing.
Mr. PUGH. I said the office-holders. There
are not many of them.
Mr. WIGFALL. I say, sir, I judge of facts
as 1 see them, and I take Representatives to he in
fact what they are in name; and when I go to any
State Legislature and I find a large majority of
that Legislature Whigs, I say the people of that
State are Whigs. When I go into the Federal
Legislature and find a large number of Repre-
sentatives belonging to a particular creed, I infer
that their constituents entertain the same. The
difficulty is, in this country, that, Representatives
too closely follow the opinions of their constitu-
ent. They are too frequently m^re popularity
hunters and seekeis. 1 hey do not always dis-
charge their duties conscientiously. They do
not take the responsibility of acting according to
M duty, and going to their constituents and explain-
ji nig it. That is the difficulty. When, then, I see
1| in this Senate itself every Democratic Senator,
11 except the Senator from Ohm and the Senator
{j from Illinois, entertaining a certain set of views,
M 1 judge, at least, that there are some few more
jj than the ofiicc-holdecsm the northern States who
entertain the same opinions.
jj But there is another matfer. Peace is what the
jj Senator wants—conciliation and harmony. There
;j was a proposition at Charleston which it was
!' supposed we could unite upon. After using
|| every effort which could be used to prevent the
! j representatives of the seceding States, as they are
]L called, from going back to Baltimore, the Senator
!; from Ohio yesterday volunteered the opinion that
their scats were vacant, and pledged himself to
vote against their being allowed to come back,
though he should have to remain in that conven-
tion and vote until the 4th day of March, 1861.
Now, if these delegates choose to go back and
choose to enter that convention again, and an-
other proposition is made, and they shall har-
monize, what harm is done? No, sir, harmony
and peace are not what they want, but discord and
strife—to rule or ruin; that is the game they play,
and the only hand that they will deal to us.
Further than this, the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Illinois, fearing that there may
be some reconciliation in the party; some union
and harmony hereafter established, choose to vol-
unteer tho opinion that the Tennessee platform,
as it is called, even if it shall be acceptable to us,
is a cheat, and tell us in advance that they will
put a different construction on it from what we
do. Why volunteer this? If we choose to be
cheated, why not let us be? It is too plain, sir.
There is a fixed and settled determination on the j
part of that faction of the Democratic party that
a particular man shall be nominated; that a par-
ticular platform shall be adopted, or the party bo
disrupted, though the Union itself shall fall amid
the ruins. That is their settled purpose.
After Judge Douglas's election to the Senate,
why did he write the Harper article? He was
elected. Who was persecuting him? It is a great
misfortune that he acted upon Dogberry's advice
to neighbor Seacoal. Said Dogberry to neigh-
bor Seacoal, "for your favor, sir, why give God
thanks, and make no boast of it; and for your
writing and reading, let that appear when there
is no need of such vanity;" and it was precisely
when there was no need of such vanity that the
distinguished Senator from Illinois became a
pamphleteer, and wrote that unhappy article. It
has had an unhappy effect upon the party, and a
more unhappy effect on him. If he was ambi-
tious, it were a grievous fault, and grievously
has Caesar answered it, for Douglas "is in his
grave;" and, I regret to say, that, "after life's
fitful fever," he does not "sleep well."
But this is not all. After all the disturbances
which he had created in the camp, fifteen months
ago precisely, this day, on the 23d day of Febru-
ary, 1859, not having the fear of God before his
eyes, but being moved and seduced, I fear, by the
instigations of the Devil, or some other bitter op-
ponent of the Democratic party, [laughter,] he
chose to agree with the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] neither hereafter to cheat nor be
cheated. "Ah, that were a grievous fault."
Why, when Mr. Brown made that unfortunate
speech, which was upon no question that was
before the Senate, did the Senator from Illinois,
being the head of the Democratic party of course,
being the embodiment of the party, being Democ-
racy distilled, the very extractand quintessence—
why did he not then say to Mr. Brown, " You
are making an impracticable issue here. We have
agreed to leave this thing to the Supreme Court.
The Charleston convention alone fias a right to
decide matters of this sort; these are abstractions
with which the Senate has nothing to do. We
have got the Republican party to fight. It is our
destiny to save the Union, 'the party to which
we belong is the only one that can. Let us have
no division; about this matter, which is an ab-
straction, we have agreed to disagree." Why
did he not say that? Sir Lucius O'Tngger was
never readier, never more eager for a chance for
a fight than he. The moment it was proposed,
he jumped at it. What aid Judge Douclas say?
" At least. 1 hope my friend from Mississippi had no al-
lusion to tin.- lettei [meaning Mi. Buchanan's lotto* oi* ac-
ceptance] when he said that m the next contest he did not
desire to cheat noi be cheated.5''
Very kind, very complimentary, very Demo-
cratic to the President of the party of which he
was a member 1
" I am glad that the Senator from Mississippi*"—
No regrets—
u 1 am «lad that the Senator fiom Mississippi mean®) to
have a clear, unequivocal, specific statement of our pun-*
ciples. so tli.it tlieie shall be no cheating on either Fide/'
And now, forsooth, we are told that these are
abstractions, and that we ought not to discuss
them !
" 1 intend to use language winch can be repeated m Chi-
cago as well its in New Orleans, in Chatk.,ton the same as
in Boston. We live under a common roiMiumon. No
political creed is sounder safe which cannot he pioetanned
in the same sense whereverthe Amenean Hag waves over
Ameuean soil. If the Noith and the South cannot I'oine
to a common ground on the slavciy question, the sooner
we know it the better.'5 * > " - >■ * *
" And if we cannotf«tiind together upon that principle,
theie is no u^e or any an^ry excitement; no u^e oi any vio
lent controvei'-y; no ncce&vity for elimination or recrimi-
nation. The Senator fiom Mississippi has stated hi"- posi -
tion clearly, and in a spirit of kindness. I tiu-t that I have
met him wuli equal kindness and frankness.'*
When the Senator from Mississippi states this
question of neither cheating nor being cheated;
when he states the distinct, naked, unadorned
proposition, that this Gfo\ernment is bound to pro-
tect property in the Territories, and wherever the
flag floats or the jurisdiction extends, the Sen-
ator from Illinois thanks him, and says it is done
in a spirit of kindness and frankness; but when
William Lowndes Yancey, sent under instructions
from his own State to a Democratic convention,
that has a right to settle the platform, proposes
to settle the same thing, he is called a fire-eater,
anullifier, a disunionist, a factionist, and names
