1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23.
lie was in when found at the steps of his own
door? The inference is irresistible that the two
men whom Ralston saw going into the custom-
house about half past eight or nine o'cloek at
night, were the individuals who robbed the cus-
tom-house, and they were let in by this man Mc-
Alieer, the watchman on the outside.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Georgia permit me to make a suggestion? The
Senate is haraly competent to judge on these
questions of testimony. The Committee on Claims
has reportetfthis bill unanimously; and I suggest
to him, and to the Senator from New Hampshire,
who opposes the bill, as a compromise, to accept
an amendment by which we shall authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to investigate the mat-
ter, and allow such a portion of the claim as he
shall find, on examination, to be properly due:
We cannot examine and determine such questions
here.
Mr. IVERSON, I readily appreciate the dif-
ficulty, because the testimony is spread through a
very large mass of papers, covering some fifteen
or twenty affidavits, besides a very large corre-
spondence. I will state this, however, to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana: that the Secretary of the
Treasury is already satisfied, because he dis-
patched an agent to inquire into it. Mr. Guthrie,
who was then Secretary of the Treasury, as soon
as the circumstance occurred, sent an agent of the
Department there to investigate all the facts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That then will not injure
the bill for the benefit of the collector. But, at the
same time, if anything further occurs, which the
Senator from New Hampshire, or his informant,
can suggest to the Secretary of the Treasury, it
gives him the opportunity to do so.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that.
This bill does not propose to pay anything to
Mr. Hastings. There is that much money charged
to him as due to the Government, and the object
is to relieve him from paying it. He has not been
sued. The former Secretary and the present one are
both of them so well satisfied that this is an honest
transaction on the part of Mr. Hastings, and that
he has been robbed of the money, that they have
not sued him on his bond; they have let the case
lie until Congress shall relieve him. I am per-
fectly willing, however, to suspend any further
debate, and accept the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana put me in a false position—but I suppose
he did not mean to do it—m representing me as
the prosecutor of this man. I did not mean to
occupy any such position.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not mean to suggest
that, but suggested that the Senator being op-
posed to the bill, if any further information came
to him, ho could send it to the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HALE. I am perfectly willing to do that.
I knew nothing about this man; but let me, in
justification of myself, say a single word to the
Senator from Georgia, who I think has a great
deal of zeal in this matter, as he has in everything
he takes up, even when he undertakes to defend
southern rights on a wrong basis. I saw this case
as it was presented to the Senate; and as it was
my duty to do, as a Senator, I looked at the re-
port and was satisfied that Mr. Hastings had no
case, and I so stated in my place, and it was pub-
lished in the Globe. I 5id not know whether
Hastings was a Democrat or what he was. That
is an argument that the Senator from Georgia has
adduced, which I shall neither attempt to contro-
vert or deny. I never saw it breathed before in
the Senate. I simply, in the discharge of my duty,
as a Senator, undertook to expose what I thought
was a fraud on the Treasury; and if Mr. Hast-
ings has no worse enemy in the world than I am,
I am certain he will go on with great peace and
quiet. I have no feeling of hostility to him. All
I desire is to do my duty here. I am perfectly
willing that the amendment that the Senator from
Louisiana suggests shall be adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. With an amendment of a
word or two, I will vote for the amendment of the
Senatorfrom Louisiana. Lethimputinthewords,
" the money of which he says he was robbed."
I will vote for that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Allowmetoreadtheamend-
ment I have prepared.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My proposition is to amend
the bill, so that it will read thus:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized—
Not authorized and directed—
in adjusting the accounts of John Hastings, as collector of
the customs at the port of Pittsburg, to give him credit for
sueh sum, not exceeding $9,956 62, the amount of public
money of which he alleges tiiat he was robbed on the tOth
of March, A. D. 1854, whilst acting in the aforesaid capa-
city, as the Secretary shall, upon "proper examination, be
satisfied to have been actually robbod from said Hastings.
That limits the amount, and leaves the further
investigation of the case to the Department.
Mr. CAMERON. I am inclined to accede to
that amendment. My own impression is strong-
ly against the honesty of John Hastings. I have
known him a long while. He has been very un-
fortunate, for he has been robbed several times of
money which did not belong to him. What his
politics are now, I do not know. He used to be
a Democrat when I belonged to that respected
party; but 1 have very recently got a letter from a
valued friend belonging to the Republican party
saying that he thinks John Hastings is a wronged
man 
Mr. IYERSON. The Senator will allow me
to ask him a question. Does he state that Hast-
ings has been previously robbed of money that did
not belong to him? There is no evidence of that
among the papers.
Mr. CAMERON. No matter. The evidence
exists now. I was going on to say further, thatfor
the purpose of informing myself fully on the sub-
ject, I have had more than one conversation with
Mr. Guthrie, who was employed in Mr. Pierce's
time as a confidential agent to the Treasury De-
partment, and who is still acting in that capacity.
That gentleman was for several years Mayor of
the city of Pittsburg. He seemed to understand
the subject perfectly, and from him T have had a
perfect and circumstantial account of this matter.
Among other things, he says that Mr. Hastings
was urged to bring suit against the watchmen and
never would do so, going to prove to the mind of
Mr. Guthrie, and myself also, that he was afraid
to make an investigation of that.
However, I am disposed to vote for the bill, if it
be amended as proposed, on this principle. Mr.
Hastings is really irresponsible; he has no prop-
erty, and the money will have to be paid by his
securities. I am opposed to this whole system of
receiving bail by the Government for the faithful
performance of duty by its agents. I think that
U ought all to be abolished. If I employ a man
as my agent, or you, Mr. President, or anybody
else, we are responsible for his action, and why
should not this Government? I would not hold
any man responsible as bail or security for any
public agent. On that principle, I would vote for
the bill, especially as it has been proposed to be*
amended by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I shall occupy
the Senate but a very few minutes. I have heard
the imputations of the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire on an old and cherished friend. I can un-
derstand why his mind was prejudiced. I do not
agree with my friend from Georgia, that there was
any political bearing whatever; but we can all see
that communications such as that he received from
Mr. Hague, were very well calculated to excite
prejudices against the case of Mr. Hastings; but I
suggest that Mr. Hague's character does not war-
rant the Senator from New Hampshire in taking
any notice of him whatever. I am convinced that
his testimony in that community would not weigh
for a moment against those whose statements he
encounters.
As regards the merits of this case, I in the main
speak what I know. I do not ask the opinion of
this man or that man as to Mr. Hastings's condi-
tion. I happened to be returning from the diffi-
culties at Erie two days after this occurrence; I
think I arrived at Pittsburg two days after the
robbery. I saw Mr. Hastings in his bed, and I
am sure he was then in a very helpless condition.
As for the marks of violence on his person, they
were very obvious. He looked then like a man
far strangled; and the place of the robbery is a
very peculiarone. The custom-house is in the city
of Pittsburg. Mr. Hastings lived in the city of
Alleghany, more than a mile, I think, from the cus-
tom-house. His residence was on a prominence
on the bank of the canal. That prominence was
reached by a recess cut in the bank with steps,
and in front of this recess was a gate. It was in-
side of that gate, where Mr. Hastings could not
be seen from any point, that he was knocked
down, and so violently handled as almost to de-
stroy his life. The testimony of Dr. McCook,
who I know was no political or personal friend of
Mr. Hastings, I think ought to be sufficient to
settle that point; and I saw him in a condition in
which I am satisfied no man of sense would ever
agree to have himself placed for any pecuniary
consideration.
Then, sir, further, I have known Mr. Hastings
from childhood; I have known him intimately; I
never knew a dishonest act of his in my life.
This I will say, however, and this I think is the
worst that can be said, that he wasacarekss man;
he was a man who might bo deceived; he was a
man who might be misled, and as likely to be
ruined as any man in the community, but the last
man in the world who would enter into a con-
spiracy of the kind now suggested.
Then, sir, I know other facts of my own knowl-
edge. Mr. Hastings, in his efforts to arrest these
robbers, borrowed money, for which his little bit
of property was afterwards sold. The Secretary
of the Treasury who was. in office at the time,
made a thorough examination of this question,
and decided that there was nothing in the facts to
throw the slightest imputation on Mr. Hastings's
character, and he retained him as collector at
Pittsburg; and Mr. Hastings was retained by the
Secretary of the Treasury, after a full examina-
tion of the case, until his term expired. I do not
believe that there can be justly the slightest im-
putation npon Mr. -Hastings'scharacter, unless it
be that he was a careless kind of man, not very
methodical in his business; but I believe him to
be strictly honest.
Now, sir, time has run by; Mr. Hastings has
retired from that office; his property has been sold
by the sheriff; he is living in a small town, strug-
gling for a living by any little effort by which he
can make the means of subsistence; and where is
the $10,000? Mr. Hastings never could have had
any connection with this matter on the face of the
earth, I have no hesitation in saying; and the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire does me,
but justice when he says that I believe this to be a
fair case; that I believe Mr. Hastings to have been
robbed. I believe he was waylaid and knocked
down, his money taken from him, his watch car-
ried off, the key of the custom-house vault taken,
and the robbery committed that night, without any
agency or knowledge or complicity on his part.
That I believe; and because I believe that, I am
perfectly willing to accept the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana; for I wotfld not have Mr.
Hastings relieved of a farthing without a full ex-
amination of the facts. I would not release his
security unless the facts warranted it. I am there-
fore perfectly willing to accept the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana, and send this case
with all the facts to the accounting department,
where they can examine them closely, and de-
cide on them as we cannothere. I hope that that
amendment will be agreed to, and that that may
end the controversy.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot consent to let so
high a eulogy pass on John Hastings without a
word. I knew John Hastings very well. He is
one of the last men in the world that I would ever
have trusted with a large sum of money. He is
a thriftless, worthless man in all his pecuniary
and business transactions. He always proved
himself unfit Joy the charge of pablic or private
money. I shall vote for this bill with the amend-
ment for the reason, asl said before, that an hon-
est and worthy man should not be held respons-
ible for the acts of an agent of the Government,
for whom he may be induced to become the suiety.
I think that whole system is wrong, and I hope
some learned man in the Senate, on the Judiciary
Committee, will, before a great while, bring in a
bill abolishing the whole system of taking security,
and on that principle I shall vote for this bill. No
portion of this money can ever be got from Mr.
Hastings. His sureties are men in very mod-
erate circumstances, and if this money be taken
from them, it will impoverish them entirely, and
make them as destitute as I suppose Hastings is
now.
In reply to what my colleague says about his
not having the money, and his being poor now,
I have only to say that he is the sort of man who
