3216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21.
ret Whitehead, returned from the Senate with the
following amendment:
In hn« eleven strike out<{ five," and insert in lieu thereof
*l ten i>o that it will read :
That the Secretary or the Interior is authorized and re-
quired to place the name of Margaret Whitehead, widow
of William Whitehead, late boatswain in the Navy of the
United States', on the pension roll, and cause her to be paid
ten dollars per month.
And at the end of* the bill add, " during her widowhood.'>
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CASSIUS M. CLAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of Cassius
M. Clay, returned from the Senate with the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out all after the cnacting clause, and Insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he Is, directed,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to pay to Cassius M. Clay the sum of $.">33 £0 for the
amount of a judgment, cost$, and interest recovered against
him by one Eliza Bowles, for trespass in executing a mili-
tary order of his {superior officer, in 1846, together with in-
terest from the 1st of October, 1848, the date of payment
of said judgment, costs, and interest.
Mr. PHELPS. That rcduccs the amount from
$1,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
A bill (H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain pri-
vate claims in the Territory of New Mexico, re-
turned from the Senate with eui amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their Clerks, informing the
House that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, a bill of the House (No. 715) to estab-
lish a mail six times a week from Sacramento, m
California, to Olympia, in the Territory of Wash-
ington.
ESCAPE OV PRISONERS.
The next bill in order was an act (H. R. No.
804) providing for the punishment of marshals
and deputy marshals of the United States, or other
ministerial officers, for permitting the escape of
prisoners in their custody.
The Senate amended the bill by striking out
the word 11 and," where it occurs in the eleventh
line, and inserting the word "or;" by inserting
the words "or both" after the word " impris-
oned," in the same line; and in the fourteenth
line, after the word " charged," by inserting " in
a sum not exceeding $2,000, and for a term not
exceeding two years;" so as to make it read:
That whenevei any marshal, deputy marshal, or other
minisiei ml ollieei, >luill have in his custody any prisunet hy
virtue ofpiocosd issued under the law* of the United States
by any tmm, judge, or commissioner, and such marshal,
deputy marshal, oi other ministerial officer, shall volunta-
rily Miller Mich prisoner to escape, the officer so offending
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and. upon convic-
tion thercoi in any distiiet or cneuit court of the United
States, shall be luted or impuvoned, or both, according to
thy discretion of the court in which such conviction shall
take place, having respect to the natme of the crime with
which the escaped pu oner hhall have been charged, in a
sum not exceeding.$2,000, and for a tcun not exceeding two
years. This act shall be taken and con*trucd to apply not
•niy to ea^es in which the prisoner who escaped was
charged or found guilty of an offense against the laws, oi
the United State*, but als o to oa<e>> m which a pu^oner may
be in custody charged with offenses against any foreign
Government with whom the United States have treaties of
extradition.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The next bill in order was an aet (H. R. No.
118) to confirm certain private land claims in the
State of Missouri.
The bill was amended in the Senate by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting as
follows:
That the decisions in favor of certain claimants herein-
after mentioned, made by the recorder of land titles m the
State of Musaouri, and the two commissioners associated
wiih him, by virtue of an act entitled " An act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri," appioved
July 9, 1835, and an act supplemental thereto, approved
March 2, 1833, as entered in the transcript of decisions
transmitted by the recorder and commissioners to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, which decisions are
named and numbered, as follows, to wit: laiael Dodge,
No. 288; Walter Fenwick, No. 339; andMackey Wherry,
No. 88; said claims having been by said boaid repotted m
the first class, and recommended for confhmation, be, and
the game are hereby, confirmed to the respective claimants
aforesaid, or their legal representatives, to the extent rec-
ommended hy said recorder of land titles aud commission-
ers, that is, to Istael Dodye, or hi* legal representatives,
seven thousand and fifty-six arpents; to Walter Femviek,
or his legal representatives, ten thousand arpents; and to
Mackey Wheiry, or his legal representatives, sixteen hun-
dred aipents.
Rer. 2. Jind be U further enacted, That in ca«?c either
of the claims confirmed by this act, or any part thereof,
has not been located or surveyed, or cannot be located or
satisfied, either for want of a specific location prior to this
confirmation, or because the land upon which the same is
located has been othei wise disposed of by the General Gov-
ernment, it shall be the duty of he surveyor general of the
district, upon proof satisfactory to him that such claim has
been confirmed, and that the same in whole or in pait has
not and cannot be satisfied for the reasons aforesaid, orl'rom
any cause, to issue to the claimant-?, or their legal repre-
sentatives, a ceitificate of location for a quantity of land
equal to that so confimicd and unsatisfied, which certificate
may be located upon any of the public lands of the United
States subject to sale at private entry : Provided^ That "licit
location shall conform to the legal divisions and subdivis-
ions as provided by law.
Sec. 3. Jhulbcib further cnactcd, That the register of
the proper land office, upon the location of such eeitifiente,
shall isviic to the person entitled theieto a certificate of en-
try; upon which, if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of the General I,and Office, that such cer-
tificate has been faiily obtained, a patent shall issue as in
other cases.
The, amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PIIELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the amendment was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOCKADAY & LIGGIT.
An act (H. II. No. 513) for the relief of Hock-
aduy & Liggit was next taken up for considera-
tion.
The Senate amended the bill by reducing the
amount from $59,576 to #40,0(10.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to recoiisider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEAY & AYLIITFE.
An act (II. R. No. 328) for the relief of Peay
& Ayliife was next taken up in its order for con-
sideration.
The Senate amended the bill by providing that
the money appropriated be paid out of any money
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in-
stead of out of the Post Office funu.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the rote
by which thp amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SENATE BILLS.
Mr. TAPPAN. Have all the House bills on
the Speaker's table, with amendments of the Sen-
ate, been disposed oP
The SPEAKER. They have.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I ask the consent of the
House to take up the Senate bills on the Speaker's
table, and dispose of them.
Mr. II1LL. I object.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
there being already a resolution, reported yester-
day from the Committee, on Printing, on which
the main question has been ordered.
SHERLOCK & SHIRLEY.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table a bill amendatory of the act for the relief of
Sherlock & Shirley. It is a bill drawn at the Post
Office Department, which is necessary to adjust
the accounts of these parties. There can be no
objection to it.
Mr. TAPPAN. Why not let all the bills from
the Senate on the Speaker's table be taken up? I
again make the request.
_ Mr. BURNETT. Do 1 understand the propo-
sition to be to take up such bills on the Speaker's
table as there shall be no objection to ?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to take
up all the bills on the Speaker's table, and dis-
pose of them in some way.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; I will not object.
Mr. HILL. I will say that my objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire is this: these bills which are on the Speaker's
table from the Senate may be taken up at any
time and be concurred in. I think it will be better
to first pass the House bills on which it is desira-
ble that the Senate shall act. I, however, with-
draw my objection.
There being no further objection,, the proposi-
tion of Mr. Iappan was agreed to.
The bill amendatory of the act, approved June
4, 1858, for the relief of Sherlock & Shirley, being
first in order on the Speaker's table, was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. BURNETT. I will simply say that that
bill has met the approval of both committees in
the House and Senate, and of the Post Office De-
partment. I ask that it may be put on its pas-
sage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Two days
ago the House refused to suspend the rules and
take up a bill precisely of this character, which
had met the approval of the committees of both
Houses, and of the Department. Now, I say
let them both stand upon the same ground.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope this bill will be con-
sidered on its own merits, and will be passed. A
bill was passed in the last Congress authorizing
the Post Office Department to adjust the accounts
of these parties for carrying the mail between
Louisville and St. Louis under contract with the
Department. The Postmaster General, however,
lias decided that it is beyond his power to include
within the operation of the act pay for trips
which, in consequence of fogs, or in consequence
of low water, did not come technically within the
terms of the contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I am the last
one to object to the passage of meritorious claims
through the House, and I shall uot interfere in
this case; but I appeal to the House, while they
are doing justice to these parties, that they should
also do the same justice in the case of the Lady
Elgin, which performed the service of the Gov-
ernment for less than they are now paying for it.
I hope the House will, as soon as they dispose
of this bill, take up the bill in relation to the ser-
vice of the Lady Elgin, and allow us to have a
square vote upon it; and with the understanding
that that shall be done, I withdraw my objection
to this bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main questirn ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee*on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, an act (II. R.
No. 715) to establish a mail six times a week
from Sacramento, in California, to Olympia, in
the Territory of Washington; when the Speaker
signed the same.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN FLORIDA.
An act (S. No. 444) to change the time for
holding the courts in the northern district of
Florida.
The bill was read in externa. It provides that
