THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 23, 1860.
New Series No. 202^
the regular terms of the United States district
court for the northern district of Florida, shall
hereafter be held at Appalachicolaon the first Mon-
day in M«irch; at Tallahassee on the first Mon-
day, and at St. Augustine, in July of each year;
but that nothing in this act shall be so construed
as to prevent the judge of the said court from
holding additional terms at any of the places
aforesaid, whenever, in his opinion, the public in-
terest may so require.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter*notion was agreed to.
DAVID WALDO.
An act (S. No. 495) for the relief of David
Waldo.
The bill dirccts the Secretary of War to pay to
David Waldo, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $99 36,
being the amount of damages awarded by the
Q,uartermasterGeneral of the United States Army,
for the non-fulfillment on the part of the Govern-
ment of a contract made with him in'May, 1850,
for delivering corn at Fort Laramie, the payment
of which is recommended, by the Secretary of
War.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SYLVESTER GRAY.
An act (S. No. 452) for the relief of Sylvester
Gray.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
the claim of Sylvester Gray, a free man of color,
made under the preemption act of September 4,
1841, to the northwest quarter of section four-
teen, in township forty-eight, of range thirteen,
of the lands of the United States subject to sale
at the land office at Superior, Wisconsin, shall be
confirmed; and that upon completion of such
claim, by payment of the purchase money, or
the location of a bounty land warrant, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall cause to be issued to
Sylvester Gray a patent for the land, as in other
cases.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT WILLIAM A. WINDER.
An act (S. No. 500) for the relief of Lieutenant
William A. Winder, of the United States Army.
The bill was read in. extenso. It directs the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
credit the account of Lieutenant William A. Win-
der, of the United Suites Aimy, with the sum of
$100, it being the amount he had m his possession
on board the steamer San Fianeisco, in the month
of December, 1853, when said steamer was lost,
together-with that amount of munev, which now
stands charged against him on the hooks of the
Treasury, it having belonged to the recruiting
fund of the United States Army.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mi. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Are not these Sen-
ate bills original bills, which have never had a
202
reference to. or an examination by, any commit-
tee of this House?
The SPEAKER. That is so, so far as these
particular bills are concerned.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then the proper
course is to refer them to the appropriate stand-
ing committees.
Mr. COLFAX. Many of these cases have
been considered by the committees of this House.
Mr. SINGLETON. I object to any more of
these bills being passed in this way.
The SPEAKER. The order has been made
by the House by unanimous consent.
CALIFORNIA STAGE COMPANY.
An act (S. No. 507) for the relief of the Cali-
fornia Stage Company.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the
Postmaster General to examine and adjust the
claim of the California Stage Company for extra
services performed on routes 12550 and 12535,
in California, for four years, ending June 30,
1858, and that the amount found due shall be
paid.
Mr. CRAWFORD. How much does the bill
appropriate for this extra compensation?
Mr BURCH. That question cannot be an-
swered until the account of the company shall be
adjusted on terms of equity and justice, at the
Post Office Department.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I trust that the bill will
not be agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I do not desire to
interpose any unreasonable objection to the action
of the House on these bills. My understanding
was, that only the amendments of the Senate to
House billy should be taken up and passed upon.
The SPEAKER. That has been done some
time ago, and the House has gone to other busi-
ness.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We went to the
Speaker's table, as I understand, to dispose of the
business there in proper and regular form, and
not that these bills should be put on their pas-
sage without reference.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the oider of the House by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. TAPPAN. Most of these cases have been
looked into by committees of this House.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to rec-
ommend that this bill be passed. I will state
the facts. Horseback service was contracted for
originally upon these routes. California is arid
has been a rapidly growing State. Mails have
accumulated, and these contractors were compelled
to cany them in coaches and wagons. The De-
pal tment cannot pay them for the extra service,
over and above the horseback service, without
authority of Congress. This bill does not com-
pel the Department to do anything; but it merely
authorizes it to examine the accounts of this com-
pany, and ascertain whether this extra service
was performed; and if so, that the proper com-
pensation shall be allowed for that extra, service.
The bill was ordered to be read a thiid time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
pa&sed.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AUGUSTUS S. BALDWIN.
Joint resolution (S. No. 36) for the restoration
of Lieutenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the active
list, from the leave of absence list of the Navy.
Tin* resolution was read in extenso. It author-
izes the President of the United States to nomin-
ate, and, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint Lieutenant Augustus S.
Baldwin, liist lieutenant and executive officer of
the flag-ship Lancaster, to the active list of the
Navy.
Mr. NIXON. This joint resolution simply
authorizes the President of the United States, in
his discretion, to restore a most meritorious officer
to the active list of the Navy. He was set aside
in 1855, by the naval board, simply upon the
ground of physical inability. We have the'cer-
tificate of the Secretary of tiic Navy that the dis-
ability has been removed. The President of the
United States and the Secretary of the Navy, and
all the surgeons of the Navy, ask that Congress
shall pass a joint resolution "to restore Baldwin to
the active list of the Navy. The Senate unani-
mously passed the resolution.
The resolution was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
OREGON.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 9) to amend " An act for ex-
tending thelaws and judicial system of the United
States to the State of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses."
The bill, which was read, provides that the two
regular terms of the district court of the United
States for the district of Oregon shall hereafterbe
heldatPortland, commcncingorffhe second Mon-
day in May and September in cach year; that lib
process issued, or proceeding pending in court,
shall be avoided or impaired by this change of the
time and place of holding the same; and that all
process, bail bonds, or recognizances, returnable
to the next term of court, shall be returnable and
returned to the term of court next held according
to this act, in the same manner as if so made re-
j turnablo on the face thereof, and shall have full
effect accordingly. It further provides that the
salary of the district judge of the United States
for that district shall be $3,000.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STOUT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DELIVERY TJP OF CERTAIN OFFENDERS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 497) to amend an act entitled
"An act for giving effect to certain treaty stipula-
tions between this and foreign Governments for
the apprehension and delivery up of certain of-
fenders."
The bill, which was read, provides that in all
cases where any depositions, warrants, or other
papers, or copies thereof, shall be offered in evi-
dence upon the hearing of an extradition case
under the second section of the act entitled "An
act for giving cffect to certain treaty stipulations
between this and foreign Governments for the
apprehension and delivery up of certain offend-
ers,"approved August 12,1848,such depositions,
warrants, and other papers, or copies thereof,
shall be admitted and received for the purposes
mentioned m the second section, if they shall be
pioperly and legally authenticated so as to entitle
them to be received for similar purposes by the
tribunals of the foreign country from which the
accused party shall have escaped; and that the
certificate of the principal diplomatic or consular
officer of the United States, resident in such for-
eign country, shall be proof that any paper or
other document so offered is authenticated in the
manner required by this act.
Mr. B1NGHAIVI. I demand the previous
question upon the third reading of that bill.
Mr. MA YNARD. I move to commit that bill
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. That bill
is general legislation, and it ought not to be con-
sidered by this House until it has received the
consideration and approval of one of its commit-
tees.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
after the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to a
third reading.
The bill was accordingly read the third time.
