310
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
in bringing it forward at the present time as a
' complaint against the South.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from South
Carolina is a fair-minded man, and I know would
not misrepresent any member intentionally. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] is
able to take care of himself, and of course the
Republican party cannot bo held responsible for
what he says. What I have to say is this: I
know of no Republican who has ever sought any
change in the constitutional provision in relation
to the basis of representation.
Mr. BOYCE. Perhaps you do not consider
Mr. Seward a Republican. He has said:
" It is written in the Constitution of the United States
that live slaves shall count equal to threefieemenasabasis
of representation. You blush not at these things."
"Well, Mr. Clerk, Iwill now pass to the clause
of the Constitution providing for the rendition of
fugitive slaves. If there is any clause of the Con-
stitution which is plain, it seems to me to be this
one. Judge Story, aleamed jurist and a judge 9f
the Supreme Court of the United States, said, in
reference to the fugitive slave clause of the Con-
stitution, that the proceedings upon the arrest of
a fugitive are not final but interlocutory; that the
question to be determined is, whether he is to be
remitted to the place from whence he came, and that
when he is returned then the question is to be de-
termined whether he is a slave or a freeman. After
the adoption of the Constitution, our forefathers
of the free States hod confidence ill the South that
an African returned to them would have a fan-
trial. The only duty of the North under the slave
act is to deliver up one who has been in slavery,
that the question may be decided whether he is
or not a slave when he gets back to a slave State.
That is the principle which has been decided by
the Supreme Court, if I understand its decision
rightly.
Now, what has been the action of the Republi-
can party in reference to the fugitive law' What
does Mr. Seward say, the representative man of
the Republican party ? That you must receive the
panting fugitive, and " defend him as you would
your paternal gods." The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] said thattheKepublican convention
of his State passed a resolution—adopted, how-
ever, amidst great confusion, and, perhaps, with-
out a knowledge on the part of those who adopted
it astowhatitwasexactly—taking ground against
the fugitive slave law. I hardly believe that that
convention would have passed a resolution in
favor of the Dred Scott decision, or for an effi-
cient execution of the fugitive slave law, though
"the confusion had been worse confounded."
But I do not stop to inquire what was done m
party
eight northern Statfs have inteiposed all the ob
stacies they can to the execution of this clause of
the Constitution. I desired to present all these
laws, but I find it will take up too much time. 1
content myself, therefore, with a special reference
to the laws of the State of Massachusetts. More
importance is to be given to the action of that
State because that State is supposed to represent
the thought and sentiment of the Republican party
more distinctly, perhaps, than any other.
What do we find upon the statute-book of Mas-
sachusetts? We find a law there by which the
writof habeas corpus is secured to thefugitive slave,
and under which he is to have a trial by jury, and
by which, also, his confesstons are not to be taken
mevidence. I ask all fair-minded men, under what
system of jurisprudence in the civilized world arc
confessions of the party to the record to be ex-
cluded ? In the case of a man charged with crimes
to which are attached the penalty of death, confes-
sions, voluntary confessions, confessions not ob-
tained by hope of reward or fear of punishment,
are legal evidence against him. yhat, then, is
the meaning of this peculiar provision in the law
of Massachusetts, that the confession of one
charged with being a fugitive slave shall not be
received in evidence against him? What does it
mean ? Does it not design the prevention of an
execution of the constitutional provision? What
else can it mean ? This peculiar feature of Mas-
sachusetts law reminds me of a rule of evidence
in a certain eastern country, where the priesthood
were supposed to be above the common weak-
nesses of humanity, and where, therefore, it would
not be believed that a priest had kissed a woman
unless it was'solemnly sworn to by six witnesses
that they both saw the kiss and heard the smack.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Clerk, there are other provisions in that
Massachusetts law. It provides that you are to
prove, upon the trial of the fugitive slave, not
merely that he was born in a state of slavery, but
that he had been legally held in slavery. Rather-a
difficult point to prove, I should imagine, before
a Massachusetts jury. Suppose his master was
to produce in court a bill of sale signed by the
grandfather of the foreman of the jury, and prove
that the fugitive was lineally descended from such
slave, he would be turned upon and required to
prove that the grandfather was in legal possession
of the slave he had sold.
What further does that Massachusetts law pro-
vide? It provides that the jury shall have power
of rendering a general verdict of not guilty.
What docs that mean? It means that the jury
are to be judges of the law as well as of the fact.
Though you prove the fact, by evidence piled as
high as Pelion on Ossa, that the fugitive slave was
a slave, yet, sir, if the jury think slavery is not
a lawful institution, as they are judges of the law
as well as of the fact, then they can render a gen-
eral verdict of not guilty, which is made conclu-
sive.
Surely, sir, the States in the North, where the
Republican party have a majority,-and where
such laws arc passed, cannot be said to be wil-
ling to carry out this provision of the Constitu-
tion !
Mr. Clerk, when I yielded the floor, I was en-
deavoring to show that the Republican party was
at war with that clause of the Constitution lequir-
ing the rendition of fugitive slaves, and I was
proving this by reference to the hostile legislation
of eight of the northern States, in reference to
this subject, these eight States being notoriously
States m wluch the Republican party have the
ascendency. It seems to me that the action of so
many Republican States in this particular is con-
clusive of the fact I have charged, and the state-
ment of individual members of the Republican
party on this floor of their fidelity to the Con-
stitution in this particular, and their conception
of the opinion of the Republican party, canuot
weaken the array of evidence against the Repub-
lican paity 111 this regard.
If further proof were necessary upon this point,
T would cite the evidence of Mr. Webster, as
given by him in his celebrated speech of the 7th
of March, 1850. Speaking at that tune upon this
very point, he said as follows:
" f will i1 ito other complaints of the South, and
especially to one winch, in my opinion, has just founda-
tion, and that h, that there has been tound at the North,
ninoim individuals and anions le^islatois. a disinclination
to perform Hilly their constitutional duties m regaid to tile
return of persons bourn! to service who have escaped into
the fice la that reaped, the South, m my judg-
ment, is right, and the North is wrong. Eveiy member of
every northern Legislatuie is bound by oath, like every
other Office] in the countiy, to support the Constitution of
the United States; and the article of the Constitution which
says to these States that they shall deliver up fugitives
trom service is as binding m honor and conscience as any
other article.1'
Is it not notorious that Mr. Webster spoke the
truth ill the extract I have read? And is it not
equally notorious that, in this regard, things have
gone from bad to worse in those States in which
the Republican party are in power' Without
pressing the argument any further on this point, I
think I am authorized to conclude that the Repub-
lican party, though they have not announced such
aprmciple in then-presidential platform, arc at war
with tins clause of the Constitution. Now, if the
Republican party be at war with the Constitution
on the fugitive slave clause, is it not fair to pre-
sume that it is at war with the Constitution m all
its slavery provisions ? I think it is; because the
fugitive, slave clause rests on the same foundation
that all the other slave clauses do, to wit, that
slavery is a lawful institution. Suppose, when
Mr. Sewarii advised his audience to defend the
fugitive slave, he had been asked, "why should
we defend lnm, when the Constitution and the
act of Congress require us to surrender him?" To
this he would reply, as I now do for him, by using
his own language: because it is " in violation to
divine law that we shall surrender the fugitive
slave." Why is it in violation to divine law?
' The only answer to this must be, because slavery
has no lawful existence. If slavery cannothave
a lawful existence, then all the compacts of the
Constitution having relation to it are necessarily
void. The same philosophy which makes the
Republican party hostile to the fugitive slave
clause of the Constitution necessarily makes it
equally hostile to all the slavery clauses in the
Constitution. The Republican party are in more
apparent antagonism to the fugitive slave clause
than to tho other slavery clauses of the Constitu-
tion. The reason of this is simply because they
can violate this clause with impunity; and the
other clauses they cannot violate without revolu-
tion. Theoretically, they are as much in antag-
onism to tho other slavery clauscs as to the fugi-
tive slave clause.
I propose nftw, in this connection, to call atten-
tion to the position of the Republican party, in
regard to the territorial question. The prohibi-
tion of slavery in the Territories is the great prac-
tical issue upon which the Republican party has
placed itself. In this issue they necessarily assume
the power of prohibition to be in Congress, and
yet the Supreme Couit has decided that this po wer
docs not reside in Congress; yet the Republican
party, m violation of this decision, persist in urg-
ing this issue. What gives peculiar force to their
persistence is that it has been, from the beginning
of the Government, the received opinion in the
northern mind that the Supreme Court was the
authoritative expounder of the Constitution. The
northern States have constantly contended that the
Supreme Court was the tribunal of last resort under
the Constitution; they are therefore estopped from
disputing the conclusiveness of this decision of
the Supreme Court in reference to the Territories.
In this point of view, tho Republican party stands
as a party flying in the face of the Constitution
on their paramount issue of the prohibition of
slavery in the Territories. In this aspect, the
Republican party occupy the most remarkable
position ever held by any party in this country,
presenting but a single practical issue, and that
issue condemned in advance by the Supreme Court
as involvingan unconstitutional excrcise of power.
I consider, therefore, that I am authorized, m
new of the various considerations I have pre-
sented, to draw the conclusion, that the Republi-
can party is at war with the Constitution.
The next objection which I make to the Repub-
lican party is, that its principles are dangerous to
the South.
Now, how do I ascertain its principles ? In the
first place, I go to its platform of principles, as
laid down at Philadelphia. Every one will admit
that in doing this, I go to the most authoritative
source. And here let mt remark that this plat-
form shows the most exquisite genius in its con-
struction. It was drawn by an able hand. Two
great purposes were to be accomplished: first, to
get the Free-Soil vote, by which I mean those
who were opposed to the extension of slavery;
second, to secure the Abolition vote without
alarming those who were merely opposed to the
extension of slavery. This, with exquisite adroit-
ness, the platform accomplished. To the Free-
Soil clement it spoke of making Kansas a free
State, and prohibiting slavery in the Territories.
To the Abolition element it addressed another lan-
guage, equally explicit, though more covert.
To the Abolitionists it said, "all men are en-
dowed with the inalienable right of liberty." This
language is taken from the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. There it was meant only to include,
so far as our own country was concerned, the
white race. In this platform it was meant to in-
clude the African race as well as the white race.
Taking it for granted, then, that it was meant,
when used in this platform, to include the African
race in this country, then what follows? It fol-
lows that if every African in the United States has
" the right of liberty," then every such African,
whether he be called a slave or not, who docs not
enjoy "his right of liberty," is dispossessed of
that right, and suffers a wrong; and whoever dis-
possesses him of that right is a criminal towards
him; and the fact of dispossessing him of that
right, called slavery, is a crime. This is the logi-
cal sequence of the proposition that every African
in this country has" the right of liberty." And this
was precisely the deduction this platform intended
to be made for the benefit of the Abolitionists. In
order to fix the meaning of this declaration, the
platform hastens to couple slavery and polygamy
