1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
that there were two very important bills con-
nected with the Pacific coast that I wanted to con-
sider to-morrow. We have special order after
special order, occupying the whole attention of the
Senate on every other day, and I did not wish to
intrude on those cases. One special order—the
homestead bill—has gone over to next week; and
I wish to appeal to the Senate to give us at least
to-morrow for the consideration of the bills to
which I allude. I hope the Senate will recon-
sider the motion to adjourn over until Monday,
and give us to-morrow for that purpose. I be-
lieve, if we shall take up this question to-morrow,
we can dispose of both of them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor from California what bill he refers to—the
telegraph bill?
Mr. GWIN. The telegraph bill is one, and
the overland-mail bill another.
Mr. GREEN. I like to accommodate Sena-
tors against their own will. Now, I know it is de-
sired by all that we should adjourn over; andthis
making a show of a desire to sit to-morrow does
not amount to much to me. [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is mistaken, as far
as I am concerned. I am in eai'nest, as much as
I ever was in my life.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator must not include
me in that category, for I am in earnest.
Mr. GREEN. Well, I exclude two, and in-
clude the residue. I desire to adjourn over, and
when we adjourn over I have more work to do
than I do when the Senate is in session, dnd I am
compelled to do it, in the Departments. My con-
stituents send it to me, and I must attend to it on
some days; and when the Senate is in session I
cannot. I do not think I am shirking from re-
sponsibility in doing this thing. We can keep
up with the House by adjourning over every Sat-
urday. My whole object is to do my duty, and
I have a duty outside the Senate as well as in the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I have this to say to the Senator
from Missouri: he is as much interested in the
questions I wish to bring up to-morrow as I am.
1 wish to bring up the bill in regard to establish-
ing a telegraph, that has been reported by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
if it is not brought up now and acted on, and sent
to the other House very soon, it will be too late
to commence the work during the present year,
even if the bill becomes a law.
X also wish to bring up the bill in regard to the
overland mails oil the northern routes, for which
there is a great want of legislation, and immedi-
ate legislation. If we do not do it now, it will
soon be too late to put the service into operation
during the present year. On the 30th of June the
contract for ocean service runs out; and if we do
not intend to continue carrying the mails by the
ocean lines, we ought to make immediate arrange-
ments to carry them by the overland routes.
There are 110 two questions more pressing at the
Jresenttime than these; and I think they should
e acted 011, and sent to the House of Represent-
atives at ©nearly day. I hope the Senate will re-
consider the vote adjourning over, and give us
to-morrow for these questions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very sorry
that the Senator from California has found that
there have been combined, so that they all fall on
the 23d of-March, so many matters that require
immediate action or the result iss inevitably to be
something that is very unfortunate. Now, I must
say that whilst the Senator from Missouri is look-
ing around for, and finds—or thinks at least that
he finds—those who are really with liim j.n one
Fosition, apparently occupying another position,
find myself placed in this way: I desire sin-
cerely to adjourn over, and I do it for many rea-
sons. If 1 had no committee meeting to attend
to to-morrow, s.till I should desire it. It is hardly
necessary for us to devote more than five days a
week in this body to the public business. We
can certainly keep up with the business of the
other House without any difficulty, in conse-
quence of the disparity of numbers between the
two bodies. Five days will do here all the while
what it will take six days to do in the other House.
Jt seems to me nothing can bo plainer than that,
ftn.4 every one recognizes the fact. Every mem-
ber of the Senate upon the committees knows that
Saturday is one of the very best days to get rid
of complex, complicated, difficult, and litigious
cases. My^wn committee is in precisely that
condition, and have made an appointment to meet
to-morrow to go on with business; and very much
has fallen upon them within a few days past. I
sincerely desire that we shall adjourn over until
Monday, in order that we may have an oppor-
tunity to examine that business. I do not think
there is any other thing that is pressing us for
which the Senator from California asks us to sit
to-morrow, other than his special anxiety, fear-
ing that he might not get the Senate to consider
his bills, which are of so much importance, on
Monday; and as there is nothing of importance
to come up on Saturday that demands or can
claim a prominence, he thinks he might get up
that special thing, which he thinks of great im-
portance, on Saturday, while he fears the Senate
on Monday would not recognize it. It is not of
more importance on Saturday than on Monday.
I hope very much that we shall not consent to re-
consider the vote adjourning until Monday.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator knows that there
is special order after special order on the Calen-
dar 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Repeal them.
Take them off.
Mr. GWIN. I have been resisting the making
of them from the beginning of the session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let me ask the
Senator if he was not one of the foremost on all
occasions to establish the precedent of special or-
ders; and if it falls hardly on him now, ought we
to suffer here on account of his own error?
Mr. GWIN. The Senator knows, if ho has
paid any attention to our proceedings here, that I
have steadily resisted it from the beginning of the
session, and desired the Senate to go on with the
Calendar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. After establish-
ing the other practice for eight years.
Mr. GWIN. Well, sir, I have been attempt-
ing to have the Calendar called from the beginning
of the session, and have resisted every special or-
der. Now, sir, so far as committee business is
concerned, I will say there is now more business
on the Calendar than we shall ever consider.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. A great deal
more.
Mr. GWIN. There is undoubtedly a great deal
more on the Calendar than will ever be reached;
and the Calendar has not been called this session.
I hope that this vote will bo reconsidered, partic-
ularly as the Presiding Officer was very quick in
putting the motion. 1 hu\ e been watching all day
for the purpose of resisting this motion, should it
come up. I hope the Senate will at least give us
a reconsideration, and see whether or not we shall
sit to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the vote by which the Senate agreed
that when they adjourned to-day it would be until
Monday next shall be reconsidered; and upon
this question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nfrys were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS — Mt-;ss>rs. Bingham, Brown, Cameron, Dixon,
Doolittle, Duikoc, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Ilarlan, Ivor-
son, Latham, Mallory, Nicholson. Tugh, llice, Simmons,
and Wigfall—18.
NAYH—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Chandler,
Chesnut, Clark, Clinginan,Crittenden, Douglas, Fesscnden,
Foot, Foster, Gteen, Grimes, Hale, Ilammond, Hemphill,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
King, Mason, Polk, Powell, Huiniier, Ten Eyek, Toombs,
Trumbull, and Wade—29.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to
A. W. M'PHERSON".
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 110) for the
relief of A. "W. McPherson. It proposes to di-
rectthe Secretary of the Interior to audit and settle
the accounts of A. W. McPherson for furnishing
the district and circuit court rooms for the use of
the courts of the United States, in the city of San
Francisco, allowing him such prices for the arti-
cles furnished and work done as, under all cir-
cumstances, shall appear reasonable and just.
Mr. FOOT. If there be a transcript of the ac-
count among the files, I call for the reading of
the account, so that the Senate may understand
what they arc called upon to vote. L,et the report
be read, m the first place.
The Secretary read the following report, made
at the first session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
by Mr. Iverson:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of A. W. McPherson, beg leave to report:
That on the 9th June, 1855, the Secretary ot the Interior
wrote to the marshal of the district of California, by which
he was authorized " to procure such other accommodations
(tor the courts of the United States) upon the most lavoia-
ble terms to the United States, to be fully approved by the
judge and the United States attorney, and to transmit to
the Department a copy of the agreement with the approval
of the officers indorsed on it."
Under these instructions, the marshal entered into a lease
and agreement with petitioner for the rent of a building
and for furnishing the same separately. The contract of
lease was confirmed by the Secretary, but the account for
the furniture, though certified to in due form by the judges
of the circuit and district courts, and by the district attor-
ney and marshal of the United States, was refused payment
on the ground that there was no authority to pay in the De-
partment, under the act of February 26,1853, which enacts
that " a marshal shall not incur an expense of more than
twenty dollats for any one year for furnishing," &c.
By the act of 28th of September, 1850, the laws of the
United States were made of force in California, which was
divided into two districts, and, by the fourth section, the
judge of the northern district was directed to hold two
regular sessions of his court in the city of San Francisco.
By the act of 2d March, 1855, the judge of the circuit
court was directed to hold a teim of tns court on the first
Monday of July in each and every year, with power to hold
special terms in said city, at such places " as the marshal
of the United States for the northern district of California
shall procuie for the purpose, under the direction of said
judge."
It appears that under the authority of these acts and the
letter ot instructions from the Secretary to the marshal, the
house rented from the petitioner was furnished by him
under an agreement to pay lor the same, and the accounts
foi the price of the same are certified to, as above recited,
by the proper officers.
These accounts are for the sums of $9,085 95 and
$9,012 20; in the aggregate, §18,09815. The prices charged
lor the articles furnished appear to your committee to be
very extravagant, and they aie, therefore, unwilling to rec-
ommend the payment of the amount claimed. As the
United States have had the u*e of said furniture, and aie
still using the same, they think that the petitioner is en-
titled to a compensation for the reasonable value of the
same, and they therefore recommend the adoption of the
accompanying bill.
Mr. FOOT. Now I ask for the reading of the
items of the account.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The United States of America, Dr.
In account with A. W. McPherson, for fitting up and fur-
nishing the looms appropriated to the uses of the United
States circuit court in the city of San Francisco, State
of California, (said rooms being securcd for said couit by
lease dated July 2,1855, and said lease being approved by
the Secretary of the Interior by letter dated September
17, 1855,) as follows:
In the Court-Room.
Making, putting up, and laying platforms, rails, spectators'
seats, and judge's, clerk's, and marshal's desks,.with
three circular tables for the use of counsel, (the same
being m conformity to the plans appioved by the United
States circuit judge, marshal, and district attorney,) all
of winch aie respectively designated on ground plan No.
1, and on drawings of elevation No. 2,bythe ietteis a, b,
m, o, p, r, c, f, g $3,3C2 45
Blue cloth for covering desks and tables,
twenty-two yards, at $5 50 per yard  121 00
h One large recumbent chair forjudge  150 00
h 1 One armed chair for associate judge  35 00
i Two arm chairs for clerk and marshal  70 00
k Eighty-one juiors' and witness' chairs, with
cushions, at $6 each  480 00
I Two cylinder stoves, at $75 each  150 00
Carpeting, five hundred and ten jrards, at $2
per yaid, and laying same, at thnty-seven
and a half cents per yard  1,211 25
Mattina, two bundled and fifty yards, at
per yaid, and laying same, at lifteen cents
peryaul  337 50
£ Twenty-two gas fixtures, at $10 each  220 00
Stand for clock   54 00
Canopy  250 00
Sixteen inkstands, at $2 each  32 00
n Forty-one spittoons, at $2 50 each  102 50
In the Chamber of the Judge.
One writing desk  $75 00
One circular tabic  100 00
One writing table  50 00
i i One stuffed-back revolving chair.... 50 00
k Sixteen office chairs, with cushions,
at $6 each   96 00
nn One writing table  35 00
// One washstand and sink  30 00
* " One large sofa  80 00
One book ease  120 00
Carpeting, one hundred and sixty
yards, at $2 per yard, and laying
same, at thirty-seven and a half
cents per yard  380 00
Damask curtains and fixtures and
blinds for seven windows, at $35
each  245 00
One gas chandelier  50 00
Two gas fixtuies, at §10 each  20 00
6,581 20
£ £
b b
dd
Amount carried forward $7,912 20
