3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
]\fe MAYNARD. I am told by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs that he has
given this bill a personal examination; and he
assures me that it is right, and ought to pass. I
therefore withdraw my opposition to it, and hope
it will pass.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to ^consider on the table.
The ktter motion was agreed to.
ARTHUR EDWARDS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of
Arthur Edwards and his associates.
The resolution, which was read, authorizes the
Postmaster General to examine and adjust the
claim of Arthur Edwards and his associates, for
carrying the through mails on their boats between
Cleveland and Detroit, Sandusky and Detroit, and
Toledo and Detroit, during the years 1849 and
1853, and the intervening years, and to pay to
Arthur Edwards and his associates such yum of
money as shall be found to be justly and equitably
due to them for carrying the mails; and that the
sum thus found due shall be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. TAPPAN. This resolution has been
drafted with a view to obviate the objection made
to the original House bill which was vetoed by
the President. It meets with the approbation of
the Postmaster General, and it passed the Senate
unanimously. I understand that it is just and
right, and it ought to pass. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was oidercd to be lead
a third time.
The bill was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATIES WITH CHINA, JAPAN, ETC.
The next bill taken fiom the Speaker's table
was ft bill (S. No. 4 48) to carry into eiFee.t pro-
visions of the treaties between the United States,
China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other rountnes,
giving certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls, or other functionaries of the United States
in those countries, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 1 desire to
say to the House that that bill passed the Senate
in its present shape without opposition. It was
referred in the House to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs,considered by them,and ordered by
them to he reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. The jurisdiction of
the United States does not extend to foreign coun-
tries; and it is absolutely necessary to provide
some means by \Phich citizens can be tried in those
countries. We must either surrender them to the
jurisdiction of those countries, or provide some
means by which they can be tried according to
our laws. I call the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know whether
that bill makes an appropriation ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. It docs not.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no desire to oppose
any bill that in clearly right. Rut this bill has not
been examined by any committee of this House,
and we know nothing about it; and therefore 1
move that it be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That motion is notin order
after the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be read
a third time.
Mr. BARKSDALE. This bill has been ex-
amined by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
it ought to pass.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the vole by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, on the bill of the House
(No. 500) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1861.
Also, that the Senate have passed without
amendment a bill of the House (No. 267) for the
relief of Mrs. A. W. Angus, widow of the late
Captain Samuel Angus, United States Navy.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Recollect, Mr.
Speaker, that this agreement is confined to the
business on the Speaker's table at the time.
The SPEAKER. No additional bills shall be
taken up.
EDWARD ELY.
An act (S. No. 411) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Edward Ely, deceased, late
consul of the United States at Bombay, on prin-
ciples of justice and equity.
Mr. H'OUSTON. 1 should like to have an ex-
planation of that. If not explained, I shall move
to refer it to a Committee of the Whole House,
as it makes an appropriation.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. R1GGS. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Longnecker,] who had this bill in charge, is not
in the Hall now; but I know that this is a very
meritorious case.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I understand
that there was no objection to it in the Senate.
Mr. BURNETT. It must go to a committee.
Mr. RIGGS. I understand from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that this is a very mer-
itorious case. This consul died at Bombay. The
vice consul forwarded his papers to the State
Department, but they were lost at sea. His exec-
utors have agreed to receive a pro rata allowance
on the average of his last five years' account.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill must go to a com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
MALICIOUS INJURIES.
An act (S. No. 488) in relation to malicious
injuries to, and trespasses upon, public and private
property within the District of Columbia.
The bill was read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the chairman of the
District Committee whether he has given this bill
any examination>
Mr. CARTER. Yes, sir. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. IjURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The lattci motion was agreed to.
GRAND CHENIERE ISLAND.
An act (S. No. 419) recognizing the survey of
the Grand Cheniere Island, State of Louisiana, as
approved by the surveyor general, and for other
purposes.
Mr. COBB. The House passed a similar bill,
and it went to the Senate, and becamc a law. I
move that this bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
An act (S. No. 347) to declare the meaning of
the act entitled "Ail act making further provisions
for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants,"
passed August 31, 1852.
The bill directs that the military land warrants
or parts of warrants provided for in the first sec-
tion of the "Actmakingfurther provisions for the
satisfaction of Virginia land warrants," passed
August 31, 1852, shall be construed to embrace
all warrants or parts of warrants as were issued
prior to the 1st of March, m the year 1852, to-
gether with all such warrants and parts of war-
rants as were issued subsequent to the said 1st
day of Match, on claims allowed by the proper
authorities of the Commonwealth of Virginia
prior thereto; provided nothing in the act shall
be so construed as to authorize the issuing of
scrip in any case for any increased amount of land
allowed to any claimant, by the authorities of
Virginia, since the passage of the act of which
this is declaratory, over and above the amount
allowed prior to the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ;*and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAULT STE. MARIE MISSION CLAIMS.
An act (S. No. 190) in relation to mission
claims at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
The act directs that the missionary claims re-
ferred to in the fourth section of the act of 26th
September, 1850, entitled "An act providing for
the examination and settlement of claims for land
at the Sault Ste. Marie,Michigan,"and reported
upon by the register and receiver at Sault Ste.
Marie, pursuant to said act, shall 1^ entitled to
recognition and confirmation in the same mftnner
and on the same terms as claims of individuals
therein provided for; and upon the final approval
of the claims, as provided in the eighth section
of the act aforesaid, patents shall be issued there-
for.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
MARY PRESTON.
An act (S. No. 291) for the relief of Mary Pres-
ton, widow of George Preston.
The act directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension ioil,ut the rate of eight dol-
lars pei month, the name of Mary Preston, widow
of George Preston, late ordnance sergeant m the
service of the United States, from 7th February,
1859.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWARD ELY AGAIN.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I move to reconsider
the vote whereby Senate bill No. 411, to author-
ize the settlement of the accounts of Edward Ely,
deceased, late consul of the United States at Bom-
bay, on principles of justice and equity, was re-
feired to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill cannot be consid-
ered in the House if objected to.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I should like to ex-
plain it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us go on with
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make an explanation.
The SPEAKER. A*s the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was out of the Hall when the bill was
up before, the Chair hopes he will be allowed to
explain the bill.
The bill was again read.
Mr. BURNETT. I make the point that this
bill must go to a Committee of the Whole House,
as it makes an appropriation.
Mr. LONGNECKER. Allow me to explain
this bill. The circumstances are these: under Mr.
Pierce's administration, I think, this gentleman
was appointed consul to Bombay. He settled his
accounts regularly till within the last year or so,
when he died. The vice consul, who acted in his
stead after his death, sent on his papers, and the
vessel in which they were was lost at sea. The
Secretary of State recommended that his accounts
should be settled for the last year, on the basis of
the average of his former accounts. This bill
comes from the Senate. Mr. Bigler introduced
it there. The gentleman for whose benefit it-is
intended is a Democrat; but it is right, and I in-
tend to support it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LONGNECKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
