-
1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2275-:
own opinion of the Constitution. Each public officer who
takes an oath to suppoit the Constitution, sweais that hn
will support it as he understands it, and not as it is under-
stood by others, it is us much the duty ol the House of
Iiepiesentauves, of the Senate, and of the President, to de-
cide upon the constitutionality of any bill or resolution
which may be piesonted them for passage or approval, as
it is of the supreme judges when it may be brought betore
them for judicial decision. The opinion of the judges lias
no more authouty over Congress than the opinion of Con-
gress has over the judges; and, on that point, the President
is independent ot both. The authoiiiy of the Supreme
Court must not, therelore, be permitted to control theCon-
giess or the Executive, when acting in their legislative ca-
pacities; but to have only such influence as the force of
their reasoning may deseive."
What says, then, our own platform—the plat-
form of the Democratic party, solemnly adopted
at Baltimore in 1852, and again adopted at Cin-
cinnati in 185G, and, I trust, again to be adopted
by the Democratic party, whenever it shall meet
to adopt a platform and make a nomination. I
read this language from the platform:
" But it is objected that the judicial authority is to he re-
garded an the sole expositor of the Constitution, in the last
resort; and it may be asked for what reason the declara-
tion by the Geneial Assembly, supposing it to be theoieti-
cally tiue, could be inquired at the present day, and in so
solemn a manner.
<£ On this objection it might be observed : first, that there
may be instances oi usurped power, which the forms of
the Constitution would never draw within the contiol of
the judicial depaitment; secondly, that if the decision of
the judu'iaiy be raised above the authority of the soveieign
parties to the Constitution, the decisions of the other de-
partments, not carried by the forms of the Constitution be-
loie the judiciary, must be equally authoritative and final
with the decisions oi that department. But the proper an-
swer to the objection is, that the resolution ol the General
Assembly relates to those great and extraordinary cases m
which all the forms oi the Constitution may prove mcUec-
tual against infractions dangerous to the essential lights of
the parties to it. The lesohmou supposes that dangeious
powers, not delegated, may not only be usurped and exe-
cuted by the other depaiiments, but that the judicial de-
paitment also may exeicisc oi sanction dangcious powen
beyond the grant of the Constitution; and consequently
that the ultimate right of the panics to the Constitution to
judge whether the compact has been dangeiously violated,
must extend to violations by one delegated authority as
well as by another—by the judiciary as well as by the'JEx-
ecutive or the Legislatuie.
<kHowever tiue, therefore, it may be that the judicial
department is, m all questions submitted to it by the forms
of the Constitution, to decide in the last resort, this iet>oit
must necessarily be deemed the la-t in relation to the au-
thorities of the other departments of the Government; not
m telation to the rights of the parties to the constitutional
compact, from which the judicial, as well as the other
departments, hold then delegated trusts. On any other hy-
pothesis, the delegation of judicial power would annul the
authouty delegating it; and the eoneunence of this de-
partment with the ethers in usurped poweis might subvert
ioiever,and beyond the possible reach of any lightlul rem-
edy, the very Constitution winch all were instituted to
pre^ei vt'."
That, sir, I say, I read from the Democratic
platform, twice adopted and indorsed by the Dem-
ocratic party. It from the celebrated Virginia
report, made apart of our platform, and written by
Mr. Madison. Then when the Senator talks about
judicial questions, what does he mean? What is
a judicial question? I am tired of this " law taken
for granted." A judicial question ! How, why,
when, where did it become so? We made it so.
The southern States, devotedly attached to this
Union, as they at all times have been, finding that
there was growing up a conflict which promised
to be irrepressible, determined, with their northern
brethren, to go into another election for President
withoutany cleardistinct declaration on this ques-
tion. It was a private understanding, that bound
nobody but the individuals to it; but any gentle-
man who entered into it and does not hold to it is
guilty of bad faith, and nothing more can be said
of him. The States were not bound; Congress
was not bound; the Executive was not bound;
the judicial department was not bound. We put
in the Kansas-Nebiaska bill a provision that, as
to slave property and rights to liberty, thei# should
bo an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States; supposing that, if there was any hostile or
unfriendly legislation, the case would be taken up,
and there be decided; and we agreed to disagree
until the court should so decide the question. If
the court had decided the very question in issue
previously to that, would any such clause as that
have been putin? What would have been ihe
sense of putting m any such clause as that if the
Supreme Couit had already decided the question?
If any State had been dissatisfied with that de-
cision, she had her redress—to fall back on her
reserved rights, and to submit or resist, or with-
draw from the Union.
But, as the case had never been decided by the
Supieme Court, and as southern gentlemen felt
entirely confident of what that court, as lawyers,
would say—backing their judgment, if I may be
permitted to use the expression—they knew they
were right; they knew they had the law; they
knew they had tfie Constitution on their side; and,
therefore, they chose an impartial arbiter—the
Supreme Court of the United States, and agreed
to be governed by the judgment; but they never
agreed that they would wait until Tom, or Dick,
or Harry should either sue-for personal liberty or
bring an action of trover for a slave. They agreed
that they would be governed by the opinion of the
Supreme Court, on one side or the other; that
they would yield when that opinion was given.
That was the very gist of the agreement. Those
are trifling with us who pretend now to wait until
a judicial question can be decided by the court
with parties to the suit, and the issue an act of
the Legislature of a Territory. It is egregious
trifling, and it is nothing else.
Now, sir, the Supremo Court have had a case
before them, involving what issues ? The power
of Congress over slavery as a political institution,
and as to slaves as pioperly; the power of the
Territorial Legislature, both as to establishing
political institutions and as to its rights over
slaves as property. They have decided it. The
judges understand themselves to have decided it.
The Attorney General understands it to be de-
cided. The President of the United States under-
stands it to be decided. As I said yesterday,
every memberon this side of the Chamber, saving
and excepting two, understand it to be decided;
and yet they pertinaciously insist that it is not
decided; and as the Senator from Louisiana yes-
terday quoted, Judge Douglas himself, in his
great debate with Lincoln, declared that, even if it
was decided, the inhabitants of a Territory still
had the right to prohibit slavery; and this you
call good faith! And the men who are guilty of
this rise here and denounce us; and because we
are getting tired of the association with them, they
pretend to think that we are tired of the form of
government under which we are living. Why,
sir, I may have a veiy disagreeable neighbor, or
I may be boarding with a very disagreeable com-
panion, and yet the fare may be good, the beds
may be comfortable, the house well furnished.
This is a most excellent Government; this is a
most glorious Union; we love it, and we intend to
preserve it; but it is insisted by Judge Douglas
that this is a judicial question, and thatwe are not
only committed to it in the Kansas-Nebraska act,
but that we are also committed to it in the plat-
form. Lot us see. Just upon that subject one
word on what the platfoim says. J will not read
much of it, for I am wearying myself, and, 1 fear,
wearying the Senate. ["Go on."J One plank
of the Cincinnati platform is this resolution:
" Resolved^ That claiming fellowship with, and debiting
the eojpeiation of all whoiogaid the preservation of the
Union under the Constitution as the pauitnount i^ue, and
repudiating all sectional paitiei and platforms concerning
domestic slaverv which seek to imluoil the State-*,ami in-
cite to treason and armed resistance to law in the Teui-
torica; and whose avowed puiposes , it consummated,
must end in civil war and disunion ; the American D.'inoe-
lacy lecognize and adopt the principles contained in the
organic laws establishing the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska, as embodying the only sound and safe s-olution
of the 'slavery question,' upon which the great national
idea of the people of this whole country can repose in it*
deteimined conservatism of the Union—non-interfeience
liy Congress with stavtry in State and Teiritoiy, or in
the District oj Columbia
There is the platform. There the Democratic
party, at its great meeting, defines what it under-
stands by the non-intervention spoken of and pro-
vided for in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and what
is that' Non-intei feience with slavery in State,
m Tetritory, or in the District of Columbia.
This is the doctrine of the Democratic party con-
tained in its platform, and Judge Douglas says
we can pass no law m reference to the protection
of slave property in any Territory, m any State,
and, of course, in the District of Columbia. Is this
not the clear conclusion; is not this the logical
conclusion from his premises? The Democratic
party says "non-interference is our doctrine; the
construction we give to the Kansas-Nebraska bill
is non-interference with bluvenj'',~'-mind you, not
slaves, but slavery—£km State or Territory, or the
District of Columbia," Hence, says Judgu Doug-
las, you cannot protect slaves m the Territories;
you cannot in the States. I want to know if you
can in the District of Columbia.' Does he dare,
in this American Senate, to rise here and say that
this American Congress has no right to'legislate
as to slaves, as property, in this District? Docs he
dare to say that the Democratic party is com-,
mitted to the monstrous proposition that this Fed-
eral Government, that has " exclusive power of
legislation" in the* District of Columbia, cannot
protect property within the limits of the District?
The platform says the doctrine of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill is non-interference with sla-
very in State, Territory, and District of Colum-
bia. If he denies it as to two, he must as to the
third. I take it as it is written,.as it was in-
tended. I construe it as every plain man must
construe it. I make no quibble upon it.
Judge Douglas does not understand, or will not
understand, what he would learn ifhe will pick up
any book on political ethics, and read that there
is a vast difference between slavery and slaves,
between the political institutions of a country and
its property; that sovereign power only can estab-
lish political institutions, and that whatever is
property, I care not whether it be in man or
mules, the Government is bound to protect; and
when the Democratic party declared it would not
intervene as to slavery in the States, it did what
was right. What right has the Federal Govern-
ment to interfere with slavery as a political insti-
tution of a State? When it said it would not
intervene with slavery as a political institution,
either to establish itor to abolish it in a Territory,
it did right. Whatright, what authority has this
Government to interfere to establish the political '
institutions ofa Territory ? None whatever. When
it said it would not intervene in the District of
Columbia to establish political institutions, and
declare what was property and what was not, it
did right, and every sensible and honest man in
the country understood it so, and nobody under-
stood that by the declaration they even intimated
that they would not legislate to protect property
anywhere. It is the duty of the Government to
protect property in the Territories, not in the
States, because there it has no jurisdiction. If it
was property and not a political institution, the
word " District" would not have been in. It was
not
lishing politica
this Government has no right to interfere to es-
tablish the institution of slavery either in a State
or in a Territory, or in the District of Columbia.
As to the other matter they say nothing. There
is another clause in the platform, though, which
does speak trumpet-tongued upon that question.
The fourth article is in these words:
"That every citizen and every section of the country has
a rmht to demand and insist upon an equality of lights ami
privileges, and to eomplete arid ample piotcetion of persons
and piopeity fioiu domestic violence or foreign aggression,"
There the Democratic party declares perfect
equality between the States, of rights and privi-
leges, and to complete and ample protection of per-
sons and property from domestic violence or
foreign aggression. Then I say the error Judge
Douglas has fallen into is one which has arisen
either from not comprehending the difference be-
tween the political institutions of a country and
its property, or it is a perversion of terms, and he
is sinning against light and knowledge. I defy
any man to take that clause in the platform and
show me that it means anything else than what 1
have said it means. Why, sir, what he calls non-
intervention, if you will apply it here in this Dis-
trict, is intervention, and the worst sort of inter-
vention. What! Will Judge Douglas try to
taunt the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
into introducing a slave code here? If he would
come into the Senate I would try to taunt him into
doing something of the same sort. I dare him to
introduce into the Senate a bill repealing all the
laws in reference to slaves, and not as to slavery,
in this District. Let him introduce a hill here, if
he dare, to repeal all the laws in this District as to
slaves; repeal the patrol laws, the law providing
actions for the recovery of slaves, actions for the
recovery of damages for injuries done to slaves;
repealing all laws as to the devise, descent, and
distribution of slaves. Let him do that, if he wants
non-intervention. If he denies that Congress can
interpose laws and acts in reference to slaves, and
draws no distinction between slavery and slaves,
property they were speaking of, but estab-
ing political institutions. Therefore they say
