1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
together, as twin relics of barbarism." Now,
polygamy is universally considered a crime in this
country, and by placing slavery and polygamy
together, as twin relics of barbarism, the intention
was to stigmatize each of them as alike crimes.
I assume, then, that the Republican platform
^ denounces the slavery of the South as a crime. If
slavery be", in the opinion of the Republican party,
a crime, then this important consequence follows,
that it becomes their duty as a party to extirpate
it, so far as the constitutional power of the Grov-
. eminent extends. Hence, says Mr. Seward:
" Slavery is the sm ot not some of the States only, but of
them all. There are two antagonistic dements of society
in America—freedom and slavery. Freedom is in harmony
with our system of Government, and with the spirit of the
age. Slavery is in conflict with that system, with justice,
and humanity. The party of freedom seeks complete and
universal emancipation. What, then, you say, can nothing
bedone for freedom? Yes; everything can be done. Slavery
can be limited to its present bounds. It can be ameliorated.
It can and must be abolished, and you and I can and must
do it. You will soon bring the parties of the country into
an effective aggiession upon slavery. Whenever the public
mind shall will the abolition of slavery, the way will open
tor it. I know you will tell me this is all too slow. Well,
then, go faster, if you can, and I will go with you."
Mr. Seward's proclamation of his purposes is
the logical result of the dogma of the Republican
party, that slavery is a crime. If you set out
with that article of faith, as the basis of your
party action, you cannot stop at the prohibition
of slavery in the Territories. You must go on to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and
all other places under the exclusive jurisdiction of
the Federal Government. But you cannot stop
there, you must abolish the inter-State slave trade.
But you cannot stop there; when the increase of
free States gives you the requisite majority of three
fourths, you must demand the abolition of slavery
by an amendment of the Constitution. Nor could
you even stop with emancipation, should the South
acquiesce in that act. The principle of the equality
of the races that underlies the philosophy of your
movement would drive yout>n in vain war against
the higher laws of God to demand that the en-
franchised blacks should be put on a social and
political equality with the whites; this, and this
alone, would be the finale of your irrepressible
conflict. Thus, and thus alone, would you wind
up your fanatical crusade by ignoble treason to
the nobility of your blood in seeking to mingle
with its purer flow the black and fetidcurrent of
a despicable barbarism.
- The philosophy of your movement would, if
it is not arrested, and our connection continued,
compel ycfci ultimately to stand toward us in the
position of the National Assembly of France to
the people of St. Domingo. Ahl we know what
that means. I will not unfold that tale of horrors,
the retrospection of which, as seen through the
shadows of more than half a century, makes hu-
manity shudder. Let that horrid specter of the
past rest in dim obscurity. If, in the inception of
that anti-slavery movement, some member had
risen in the National Assembly, and implored the
anti-slavery men to pause; if he had sail to them:
'' These slaveholders are our brothers; their wives
and daughters ore our sisters; beware how you
give to these wild barbarians the fatal gift of free-
dom; in striking off the shackles of the slaves, you
may be turning loose the furies; and lust, hard by
hate, and murder, rapine, and the torch, and the
sword, may vex the land;" we can well imagine
how Robespierre may have replied to such an
appeal .as this, in the very language of Mr. Sew-
ard, and with his imperturbable calmness:
" Freedom is in harmony with our system of government,
and with the .spiut of the age. Slavery is in conflict with
that system, with justice and humanity. It can and must
be abolished.
A cold, calm, rigid, metaphysical, Mephisto-
phelean logic carried the day then, as I fear it
will do now, for human nature is the same now
that it was then. An imperative dogma, the ab-
solute equality of all men and all races, made that
revolution; the same dogma makes your revolu-
tion. The French Revolution was an effort to con-
form the institutions of the State to an abstract
theory. That is exactly what you ore endeavor-
ing to do. The French Revolution failed, because
society is not made on the spur of the moment;
it is what it is by long development. The per-
fection of statesmanship consists, then, in con-
forming theory to society, and not in conforming
society to theory. It was for neglecting this great
truth that the French Revolution failed. France
bleeding at every pore, fled with horror from the
guillotine of the theorists to take protection under
the sword of the practical man.
So, too, you will fail in your revolution, even
if you should succeed in doing what Mr. Seward
proposes to have done: decreeing universal eman-
cipation. I say even then you will fail, because
the negro is not a white man painted black, but
he is a negro. He has been and is and will be
forever and forever a negro, unless you can
change the laws of the Almighty. Until you can
do that, in vain will you dccree freedom and equal-
ity, for he must be below the white man by the
same great law which makes the plains below the
cloud-cappcd mountains.
In judging the Republican party, I do so from
its philosophy, not merely from its platform, ex-
pressive as is the platform; for I know that a plat-
form is often but the mask* with which a party
conceals its features. Judging it by its philoso-
phy, I consider that it means war, perpetual war,
against the South. Your party is a groat revolu-
tionary movement; a revolution once inaugurated,
moves with increasing velocity and increasing
fervor. A revolutionary party is in a constant state
of progression. It is never to-day what it was a
year ago; it is perpetually generating new heat and
more passion. This is the law of revolution, as it
is the lesson of history. So it has been, is, and
will be with the Republican party. We have al-
ready had announced 'Ulie brutal and bloody"
programme of "the irrepressible conflict." The
time will come when a more impatient and fero-
cious proclamation will be made.
I must conclude, then, that the principles of the
Republican party are dangerous to the South.
J further object to the Republican party, that it
is in sentiment hostile to the South.
To prove this, I ask, why do you agitate the
slavery question ? You disclaim that you do it
for the purpose of political power. Giving you,
then, for the present, the benefit of this disclaimer,
I insist that you can agitato only for one of two
purposes: love of the slave or hatred of the mas-
ter. It cannot be love of the. slave, for you can-
not free him by your agitation. Indeed, the only
effect of your agitation is to necessitate stricter
laws for his government in the southern States.
It was, therefore, well remarked by Mr. Clay,
that the worst enemy of the slave was the Abo-
litionist.
And, indeed, if you could set the slaves free,
you would only make their condition worse. For
1 maintain that the slaves of the South arc better
off than the same number of Africans in any part
of the world. There is one test of the well-being
of a class, universally rccognizedby all the politi-
cal economists, and that is, the ratio of their in-
crease. Measured by this test, the standard of
comfortamong our slaves is higher than with your
free negroes, or the peasantry of Europe, or the
African race in any part of the world.
I conclude, then, that you do not agitate in the
interest of the slave.
You must, then, agitate from hostility to the
slaveholders. t
What justifies me in this opinion, is the tone of
your Republican press; ond where shall we go to
find a parallel for its malignity and venom, m re-
gard to everything southern? Take the New York
Tribune, the great organ of your party, whose
writers would seem to dip their pens in poison—
such is the virulence of that stream of fire they
are constantly pouring out on the heads of the
southern people. This position of your press is
only important as indicating the unhappy senti-
ment of your people towards the people of the
South; because we understand very well that tlris
partisan press is but the reflection of popular opin-
ion. It designs only to be the mirror in which its
readers may sec their own passions reflected.
Then, what docs the distribution of Helper's
book mean ? The object of this book is evidently
to array the non-slaveholders of the South against
the slaveholders. It is the tocsin to civil war at
the South. Mr. Seward, the great embodiment
of your principles, says that he has carefully read
the book, and recommends its circulation. Other
prominent men in the party recommended its cir-
culation, knowing its contents. Now, the recom-
mendation of such a book, knowing its contents,
seems to me to indicate a very deadly hostility to
the southern people.  
Then there is the sympathy for John Brown.
When that foray took place, many of the Repub-
lican papers were facetious upon the subject, as if
it was rather a good joke. The alarm of the cit-
izens at Harper's Ferry appeared to move their
mirth exceedingly. Then, when the lawtookits
course, meetings of sympathy were held, minute
guns were fired, bells were tolled. In some place,
if I have been correctly informed, thc^ourt ad-
journed, on the motion of the attorney general
of the State. The saddest,sign of the times was,
however, in Massachusetts. I allude to the mo-
tion made, on the day of Brown's execution,'in
both branches of the Legislature, to adjourn'
This motion was lost in the Senate only by three
votes. These are significant facts indicative of a
sentiment of profound hostility.
Upon this point I do not know that I can do
better than quote the evidence of Mr. Cushing,
the late Attorney General of the United States,
one of the first men in the Union. He said, at the
great meeting recently held in Boston, in the pres-
ence of an immense multitude:
u I showed you how, under the influence of their malign
teachings, all party action, North, and South, was running
m the channel of a desperate and deplorable sectionalism,
and that, above all, here in Massachusetts, all the political
influences dominant in this State were founded upon the
single emotion of hate—ay, hate; treacherous, ferocious
hate of our fellow-citizens in the southern States. [Ap-
plause, and cries of1 Good!'f Good!']
" Under the influence of this monomania, they have set
up in this Commonwealth a religion of hate—ay, a religion
of hate such as belongs only to the condemned devils in
heil. [Applause ] I say it is a religion of hate and of
blasphemy. Oh, God! that such things are in this our
day!
" What more, gentlemen > Wo have had our ears filled
with alleged sympathies for John Brown; of apologies for
his act; of reproaches against the persons whom he was
endeavoring to slaughter in cold blood; of sneers at the
State of Virginia; of ridicule of the terror of the unarmed
women and children of Virginia. I say sympathy for all
this. Gentlemen, n is not sympathy for John Brown. It
ia another form of the manifestation of that same intern?
and ferocious hatred of the people of the South which ani-
mates the persons of whom we are speaking. [Applause ]
Hatred ! hatred! Now, the fact has been told us, that, in
all times, hate must have its food of blood; ay, hate muit
have its food of blood. How long are the people of Massa-
chusetts to have their souls continually perverted with these
preachings—ay, pulpit preachings of hatred ?"
I think, then, I am authorized to say that the
sentiment of the Republican party is that of actual
positive hatred to the South. Mr. Burke, refer-
ring to the hostility of the dominantparty in Great
Britain to the American colonies, said:
" For r never knew a writer on the theory of government
so partial to authority as not to allow that the hostile mind
of the rulers to their people did fully justify a change of
government; nor can any reason whatever be given why one
people should voluntarily yield any degree ot predminence
to another, but on a supposition of great affection and be-
nevolence toward them."
There is a world of philosophy in this declara-
tion, and it is worthy of being pondered upon by
the people of the South.
Prom the various lights in which I have con-
sidered the Republican party, I feel that I am au-
thorized in the assertion 1 made in the commence-
ment. of my remarks, that the apprehension at the
South of danger from the ascendency of the Re-
publican party is well founded.
Should this party acquire the ascendency in the
Federal Government, the southern States will have
presented to them the gravest question that can be
forced on the consideration of political communi-
ties. For my own part, 1 think they will be blind
not to pcrceive the purposes of this party, and
infatuated not to act accordingly.
I now desire, as briefly as possible, to advert
to some remarks made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.] Headmonished
us that if we of the South attempted to withdraw
from the Union, ho would precipitate eighteen
million people upon ns. I admit thatthis number
of the people of the Noi th in arms would be very
formidable, for I am disposed to concede all that
is reasonable to their courage.; but I wish to look
at it as a practical question.
It will cost something; you cannot carry on
war for nothing. It is proverbially an expensive
luxury. It has got to be so expensive that even
kings indulge in it but rarely. Your first cam-
paign will cost you §100,000,000. This is a very
low calculation, but 1 am disposed to be moderate.
I might put this item much higher, but I will not.
Well, the war would last at least five years; for
you could not well conquer us under that time.
Your war charges alone, then, would amount to
! $500,000,000. And all this money you would
