1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
WILLIAM NELSON,
An act (S. No. 508) for the relief of William
Nelson was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to allow to Lieutenant William
Nelson, United States Navy, in the adjustment of
his accounts, the amount charged against him for
goods stolen from the United States ship Fredo-
nla, whilst under his command, provided the sum
shall not exceed ^ljOOo 76.
Mr. BURNETT. The Secretary of the Navy
told nje personally that that bill ought to pass;
and I demand the'previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORT HURON.
Ail act (S. No. 509) to grant to the city of Port
Huron, Michigan, a part of the military reserva-
tion of Fort Gratiot, for the enlargement of the
city cemetery of that place, was read a first and
second time.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I wish to say
that this bill meets the approval of the War De-
partment. It was unanimously recommended by
the Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate,
and passed the Senate unanimously. I call the
previous question.
Mr. COBB. I wish to offer an amendment to
that bill, providing they shall pay $1 25 per acre.
The SPEAKER. The piwious question is
demanded; and no amendment is in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FREDERICK VINCENT.
A bill (S. No. 275) for the relief of Frederick
Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze, sur-
viving partner of Le Caze and Mallet, was read
a first and second time, and, on motion of Mr.
Hoard, was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred;and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISAAC ii. RANDALL.
An act (S. No. 300) for the relief of Isaac H.
Randall coming up next in its order, was read a
fiist and second time.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill also makes an ap-
propriation. I move that k he referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
An act (S. No. 437) to amend an act entitled
" An act to limit the liability of ship-owners, and
for other purposes,'' approved March 3, 1851,,
coming next in Us order, was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
bill had better go to the Committee on Commerce.
The committee are already examining that sub-
ject. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY RICE.
An act (S. No. 501) for thu relief of Henry
Rice, coming up next in order, was read a first
and second time.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to refer that bill to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which this bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL R. FRANKLIN.
An act (S. No. 98) for the relief of Samuel R.
Franklin, coming up next in order, was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. BURNETT moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPENCER & HUBBARD.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I now move to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar from the further considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 221, for the relief ofSpen-
cei &. Hubbard, with the view of its immediate
passage. It is a very meritorious bill. I hope
there will be no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. A motion was made
the other day to suspend the rules to take up that
bill, and was voted down. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is the
Lady Elgin ease of which I spoke just now. It
is as meritorious a case as ever camc before this
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Vnginia. I do not know what
it is; but the House has once refused to take it
up, and 1 object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. I call the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules. I want to
see if the House will sanction one man having
the floor twice upon the same bill, when nobody
else can get it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 would be glad to
know when gentlemen fiom the Noithwest will
be satisfied ; for nobody it seems can have a chance
until they have obtained all they want.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bingham in
the chair.) The Chair will say to the gentleman
from Virginia, that he supposed there was an un-
derstanding that this bill should conic up when
the bills on the Speaker's table had been disposed
of.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, no; nothing
of the sort.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or-
der. I understood this morning, when it was
agieed to take up the bills on the Speaker's table,
that the agreement was that the House was also
to consider the bills coming from the Court of
Claims, which had passed the Senate, and were
now on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Only the bills
upon the Speaker's table, as the Chair understood
it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then, if I am mistaken in
my statement of facts, of course my point of or-
der is not well taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say that it was the understanding, distinctly, that
when the bills on the Speaker's table had been
disposed of, this bill should come fairly before
the House for its action.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, no; there was
no understanding of that kind.
The bill was read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to suspend the rules
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 ask the House
to hear the report of the committee read, and I
am sure it will be satisfactory to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I object. I do not care what
are the facts. If half a dozen men are to have the
floor half a dozen times apiece, to the exclusion
of everybody else, I will vote against the motion
to suspend the rules, no matter what may be the
bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then, of course,
the gentleman from Ohio will vote against the
proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to say
that the delegation from Maine have been strug-
gling to get the floor for days; but no member
from that State can obtain a hearing.
Mr. -KELLOGG, of Illinois. If gentleman will"
vote against a meritorious bill because 'they can-
not get the floor or occupy the attention of the,
House all the time, they must do it. I cannot
prevent it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me wgfce
an explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object. '
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask that the
report be read.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Anderson, was called home by sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. BARIJSDALE. Does this inyolve any
political question ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It does not in-
volveanythingmore thanpaymentto theseparties
for the service they have rendered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I vote "no."
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Northeast
J seem to have causelessly taken alarm, and to fear
; that their granite columns are in danger because
! it is proposed to pay a man in the West for ser-
; vice which he has performed for the Government;
' and to satisfy their demands, 1 will, by unani-
| mous consent, withdraw my motion.
There was no objection, and the motion waa
withdrawn.
VAN CAMP, CHAPIN, AND OTHERS.
Mr. FOUKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 772, for the relief of Van
Camp, Chapin, and others.
Air. GARTRELL. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to cause the claim of Aaron
Van Camp and Virginius P. Chapin, for them-
selves and othcis, which was the subject of suit
against Jonathan S. Jenkins, in the circuit court
of the District of Columbia, to be examined by
the proper examining officers, and that there be
allowed and paid to Van Camp and Chapin, and
to Frederick W. Paddock, agent of the ship Ram-
bler, and to Nathan Church and Ezekicl Sawin,
and the other parties respectively interested there-
in, or to their legal representatives, out of any
money in the Treasury not olheiwise appropri*-
ated, the amount of actual loss which may be
shown to the Secretary of the Treasury to have
been sustained by Van Camp and Chapin, and
by the other parties, in consequence of the order
of Jonathan S. Jenkins, commercial agent'of the
United States at Apia, in the Navigator Islands,
and those acting under his directions, in seizing
and selling their property, and property in the
custody of Van Camp for the other parties, of
whatever nature it may be, on shipboard or on
land, in and at the harbor of Apia, in the Navi-
gator Islands, in the year 1856.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope that that
bill will not be taken out of the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. FOUKE. The bill was reported in the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, unanimously, by a com-
mittee of this House. It was reported favorably
at this session.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to the
bill.
Mr. FOUKE. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcdin
the negative—yeas 72, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Barksdale, Barr, Fianeis P. Blair,
Blake, Boeock, Botelcr, Bouiigny, Btalison, Biaytori,
Buieli, Burlingame, Campbell, Caiter, Corwm. Cuuis,
Davidr-on, Dmnmck, Edimnid^on, EdwaicU, Eliot, Ely,
7Cngh.>h, Etlieridge. Farncwortl>, Florence, Fouke, Fiank,
Garnettj Gilmer, Hamilton. John T. Harris, HHmick, Hilt,
Hoard, William Howard, Hught'o, .fc.nkm>, Juukiu, Kent,
Francis \V. Kellog'i. William Kellogg, Lauabee, Leake,
Logan. Mallory, Elbeit S. Maitm, McPi'er-on. Meltae,
Miles, Miihvard, Moot-Mead, Edwaid Joy Xe^on,
Nibtack, Pevton, Pryor, Keagan, lltgt?*, Rust. Scott,
Siekios, Singleton, Stallworth, James A. Stewart,William
Stewait, Stokes, Tappan, Walton, Ellihu B. Wasbburue,
Woodruff, Woo^on, and Wiigln—72.
NAYS—Charles F. Adams, AUlrich, Allen. Al-
ley, Ashley, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Bristow, Buffin-
