2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
let him introduce such a bill as that, and see who
will sustain him. Is that non-intervention ? Why,
sir, a law of that sort would he intervention; and
why? It would be putting the ban upon that
species of property. It would ho exorcising the
right of Congress to discriminate between one sort
of property and another. It would be destroying
a political institution in the District, which 1 and
every other Democrat, by this clause of the plat-
form, say we have no right to do; for we say we
will not interfere with slavery in States or Terri-
tories, or in the District of Columbia; and to allow
the repeal of these laws protecting slaves as prop-
erty would be intervention against a domestic
institution, and.the destruction of propeity.
I hardly know how to reason with men who
talk about squatter sovereignty. I do not like to
use terms that are not civil; but really the ab-
surdity of the thing affects me more than its in-
iquity. There was a hullabaloo made by the
Senator upon the question of our adopting and
indorsing the compromise measures of 1850. This
is one of the sins that I, at least, as a Democrat,
am entirely free from. I never either adopted or
indorsed them, and before God, I never will.
They were called the live healing plasters to heal
five bleeding wounds; but they have caused those
wounds to fester. Most of them bear upon their
faces the brand of unconstitutionality. Wc agreed
simply to acquiesce. Take the slave-trade bill
here in this District. I have not looked at the
record, and I should like the attention of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] foramoment.
My impression is that the Senator from Missis-
sippi olFeied to amend that bill by providing that
you would either hang, draw, or quarter, or put
m the pillory, or in prison, or line the man who
offered his negro for sale hero, and not liberate
the slave, and they refused to adopt the amend-
ment. Some one offered that amendment, I
know.
Mr. DAVIS. I can state, at the request of my
friend from Texas, that that bill, which provided
that any slave brought into the District of Colum-
bia should be liberated, if brought with a view of
removing him hence for sale at some other time
and place, was one which southern men generally
opposed. In fact, the slave-trading establish-
ment had passed away before the bill was in-
troduced. The number of slaves in the District
was rapidly decreasing, and the evil which was
felt was the number of free negroes in the Dis-
trict, which was rapidly increasing. Another
evil was, constant attempts to entice, seduce, or
otherwise take away the slaves of persons who
resided m the District, or who came here. Wc
therefore sought to muoduce measures of legisla-
tion addrtssed to the evils as they existed. We
were asked to bide our time; were assured that
legislation should be had for that species of
property in the District; and finally, against the
vote of my friend who sits before me, [Mr. Ma-
son,] and myself, and our earnest resistance, Con-
gress passed a bill of the character to which the
Senator referred; and the penalty attached to it
was the emancipation of the slave, the confisca-
tion of the property of the citizen who should
chum the right of transit and rest (for it amounted
to nothing else) through the District of Columbia,
and refused, or perhaps I should more justly say
failed, at any subsequent period to give the addi-
tional legislation winch was to secure to the
owners their property in slaves in the District of
Columbia.
Mi. WIGFALL. Be that as it may, that bill
was so objectionable to the South, that, out of all
the Senators of the fifteen southern States, but
four voted for it—two of them from Kentucky, Mr.
Clay and Mr. Underwood. The other two were
Mr. Benton, of Missouri, and General Houston,
of Texas. That bill passed with four southern
votes, arid I think those four southern gentlemen
would hardly be regarded as the exponents of the
sentiment and opinion of the Democratic party.
Then, I ask, when was it that the Democratic
party indorsed this batch of measures, gave a cer-
tificate of the healing qualities of tlje^e plasters5 j
Alter they had passed, and Guhlbriuq. was'brought \
into the Unioiij and territorial governments for i
{jtuii uuu j\o\y Mexicohad been established, and !
the bill fot emancipating slaves in the District of i
Columbia had become a law—after the fugitive I
pJavu bill had been signed, notwithstanding any i
qualms of conscience, by that national man, Mr.
Fillmore—when all these things were done, the
issue presented to the South was, " will you re-
main m the Union or go out of it?" Everybody
admitted that these measures, saving and except-
ing the fugitive slave bill and the Utah and New
Mexico bills, were odious to the entire South; and
there were actually conventions held at the South,
and the question put to a vote by the people as to
whether they would dissolve the Union in conse-
quence of these measures that are now quoted here
as Democratic authority. The measures were the
nieasuics of a Whig Administration, distasteful
to tiie South, voted for by none of us, and repu-
diated from that time to this, and spoken of always
as wrongs and oppressions; but when the party met
in 1852they agreed to s< acquiesce and abide by"
these measures rather than dissolve the Union.
That is all.
The Senator from Ohio says that if Mr. Doug-
'LAshadnot been a candidate at Charleston, wc
should not have insisted upon a platform. Sup-
pose I grant that: what does he take by the mo-
tion? "VVhen a man who had repudiated our plat-
form; who had put a false construction upon it—a
mobt dangerous one; who had been disorganizing
the party; who had been making false and impracti-
cable issues; who had been keeping up the agita-
tion day after day, week after week, month after
month, year after year, not only upon the stump
and in the Senate, but m the magazines of the
country; when he who had denounced us in ad-
vance as disuuionists and lire-eaters,and charged
us with disloyalty to the Government—when he
and his friends tlnust themselves and their plat-
form upon us, I say to them, as I said just now
to my friend from Ohio, for really my feelings
towards him personally are kind: "Gentlemen,
do not offer us this pill; we cannot swallow it. In
the first place, it is utterly impossible to induce
the people of some of the truest and soundest
Democratic States in this Union to vote for him.
You defeat the party if you nominate him. We
do not believe he has strength even at the North.
Do not offer him to us." They, however, in-
sisted upon it; and the more distasteful they found
the dose to be, the more persistently did they in-
sist that we should swallow it. Now, 1 will yield
as much as any man, when properly approached:
" rii givethrirr mucli land
To any w< II deserving hiend ;
But in tlie wav of baijrain, unuk ye me,
ril e.ivil on the ninth pait of a h.\u.'J
And when any single individual chooses to but-
ton under his belt the entire Democracy of the
country, and to read mo and my friends out of the
paity, and then demand a nomination at our
hands and aplatform indorsing all ins absurdities,
I enter my most solemn protest.
No, sir; there was no conciliation in them,but
they felt as Harry Hotspur did when they would
not give him his prisoners, that squatter sover-
eignty we should swallow. They would " have a
starling taught to speak nothing but" pquattur
sovnuLiGNTY, and "squatter sovereignty" we
have to take—or nothing. The party is to be
disrupted; we are to have no nomination; the
Union is to be dissoh ed unless we consent to vote
for Srnrnr.M A. Douglas. When it comes to an
issue like that, there are two that-can play at that
game. Mr. Douglas may destroy the party; he
cannot be elected President. Where, when this
party is destroyed, we are to find a Ctesiphon, 1
know not. When the temple has been burnt to
the ground, who is to build it again 1 cannot di-
vine. He may do this. He may send his repu-
tation down to posterity coupled with that of
Erostratus; and, if he is proud of that sort of
fame, he is welcomc to it. But if this party is
not tu be saved except upon such terms as he pro-
posey, I say let the ilarnes lick the heavens, burn
it, shake it until it tumbles and falls on his head,
and 1 think we can save ourselves.
This is a grave matter, sir. It is a matter that
it is objected to being discussed here; but I can-
not, for th" life of me, understand why the discus-
sion of pnnciples should be objected to. It was
begun by the other party; and they never cried out
"cease"until found that tiieirargumentwas
getting weak. At Charleston there were some
singular things. They have been alluded to; and
Uiereibi,". j niay refer to them. I ujitleitake to
say that STLi ti£ j A. Douglas is ijotonly not the
choice of the party, but he is not the choice of his
own friends. After the southern States had with-
drawn, why did not those who remained nom-
\\ inate him? What was the first thing that his
friends, who had a majority, did? Now, admit
that he had a majority, what was the first thing
they did? They adopted the two-thirds rule—
not two thirds of those who were in the conven-
tion, but of the entire electoral vote of the thirty-
three States. This was done by his friends—for
what purpose ? He must be blind, indeed, who
does not see a razor in that; who would not have
anticipated throat-cutting after that proceeding.
They adopted the two-thirds lule of thirty-three
States. His own friends did it; for he was m a
majority, as he claims. Why did they do it?
"Why did they not nominate him? They never
intended to do it. Some factious friends of his,
and some newspapers are attempting to create an
irrepressible conflict to prevent any reconciliation.
He was not the choice of the party, or of his own
friends.
He professes great love for the Democratic
party and for its harmony. I tell Mr. Douglas
and his friends how harmony can be restored.
Let him withdraw. We are disnmonists, are we?
We are factioinsts ! We are sectionalists! The
people of the southern States will take any man
saving and excepting Stephen A. Douglas, his
friend Mr. Pugii, or some other man who has
adopted and indorsed and made as his own Mr.
Douglas's heresies, whether he lives North*
South, East, orWest,wc care not. I do not ask
Mr. Douglas and his friends to take Mr. Bu-
chanan, because there is an irrepressible conflict
between those two factions. I only say, do not
pre*s Mr. Douglas. You will not support Mr.
Buchanan; we will not support Mr. Douglas.
Is he the only man m the Union? Now indeed
I might say:
"Now is it Rome indeed, and room enough,
When there is m it but one onlj man."
"■ Ho doth bests ule the nariow woiUt
• Like a eolo&Mis ; and we petty men
Walk under Ins tiu^e te^, and peep about
To find ouihclves diflhuuuui'tle giaveh."
Stepiiln A. Douglas is to be nominated, and
the party disrupted, and the Union destroyed! is
4thu Union in no danger? And is his nomination
a sine qua non ? AXust the Union be dissolved or
he nominated? I ask you, is there no danger of
a Republican being elected unless we can find
some one to whom there is no objection, and who
can rally the whole party? Where is such a
man? I see them all aiound me. I know scarcely
any Democraticpubhc man, North or South, East
or West, who cannot rally the party m the next
contest, and bear again our lias; to victory. But
they will not do it; yet they aeWfcit that the Union
itself is in danger. His organ here is grinding it
all the time, and notlnngelse but grinding, that the
Union is in danger, because a Black Republican
may be elected; and m the same breath we are
denounced as disunionistsl
I say disunion is imminent if a Republican is
elected. 1 believe, though he may be inaugurated—
and that will depend upon some of these States
around here—he will never be the President of
tlurty-thicu States of this Union. They may make
the experiment; but I say to gentlemen on that
side of the Chamber that they are playing with
edged toois; and 1 say to Mr. Douglas and his
friends that they are guilty of a most grievous sin
in pressing the claims of any single individual
who is distasteful to an overwhelming majority of
half the States of the Union, and not popular, 1 be-
lieve, m the rest—a man who cannot be nominated
by his own friends. It is quite fashionable of
late to denounce any man who talks about the pos-
sibility ofia dissolution of the Union. Hay is put
on his horns, and he is to be run after with pitch-
forks. He is a traitor, a tory, a rebel! Theyuso
all sorts of incongruous terms. Traitors and to-
nes belong to different wings, not of the same
party, but of antagonist armies. Traitors resist
governments, and fight against power. Toryism
submits to enslavement.
I am not going into any definition or learned
disquisition on this subject of toryism. We all
know the term had its origin in England years and
years ago. I believe it originated during Eliza-
beth's war in Ireland, where they called the bog-
trotters Torees, from some Irish word unpro-
nounceable, and afterwards it was applied in
