312
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
have to raise by taxing yourselves—never con-
sidered a very pleasant operation. Well, this is
a large sura of money, but it is only one item in
the account. The first gun that was fired would
have an awful effect in Wall street. There is an
indefinite amount of stocks of every description
in that ciiy, and in other northern citics, and
ships and goods and city lots and lands bought
for speculation in the Northwest. Well, the fall
in value of all these things, the property of north-
ern capitalists, from the effect of the war, cannot
be set down under another §500,000,000; for re-
member, that ominous word$' repudiation'' would
be heard in connection with certain city and State
stocks. But this is only the sccond item m the
account* The Union is worth something to you
in actual moneyed value; the tariff is a good invest-
ment for you; the disbursements of the Govern-
ment pay well; the monopoly of the coasting trade
is a good thing, too; so is the monopoly of build-
ing ships; then the free trade you enjoy with the
South is valuable. Upon the whole, T put the
(Jnion do"wn as worth to you §100,000,000 ayear;
the loss of this for five years will make another
$500,000*000*- The grand sum total of your loss
is $1,500,000,000. Now, I recommend to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to take this account
into consideration, and read in connection with it
a very interesting little story that the great Dr.
Franklin wrote conccrning a boy that paid " too
dearfor his whistle." I doubt not that intelligent
gentleman will be able to make the application.
But, after you conquered us, we would not be near
as useful to you as we are now; for now we are
rich, then "We would be poor.
Mr. HICKMAN. The honorable gentleman
seems to assume it as a fact that I spoke of subju-
gating the South. I think that he will be unable to
discover any remark of that kind made by me. 1*
was referring to the dissolution of this Union, con-
templated by the South, as it had been frequently
spoken of here, by members from that section, as
a probable occurrence; and the inquiry was made
as to how it could be prevented. I said that if
the dissolution of the Union meant a division of
territory by any line, it would not be effected,
and that it, would be prevented by the eighteen
millions of people North. That was everything
that 1 said, and if that means subjugation,* I did
not s-o understand it at the time, nor am 1 able to
lead it so now. It simply means this, that if the
southern States, at any period of time, shall de-
termine upon a dissolution'of the Union, from any
cause which now exists—I will not speak of
causes which may hereafter arise or exist at a sub-
sequent period—I say that the North are resolved
upon preventing thatdissolution; and if warshall
be tho consequence, between the North and the
South—the determination upon the one hand being
to maintain the Union, and upon the other hand
to destroy it—the responsibility of that war will
l est upon the South, who seek thedistui banee, and
not upon the Norths who arc determined to mam-
tain the Federal compacts and the Federal Union.
Mr. BOYCE. That is precisely what I under-
stood the honorable gentleman to say, that if the
South thought that their Safety required them to
take their destiny into their own hands, the North
would not permit them to do so.
But, then, 1 have no apprehension that you could
conquer us. I do not believe yourarmy of eighteen
million will march down. A great many would
have a mission to remain at home. And then
nearly one haff of your people are loyal to the Con-
stitution and friendly to the South. You would
have an account to settle with them before you left
home. And then we would make some brilliant
offers to Pennsylvania, for we of the South natu-
rally like that Estate; we would give her a carte
blanche to fill up to suit herself. We would hold
out inducements, too, to the Northwest, for the
Mississippi is a natural peacemaker.
But of all ideas, this of compelling one half the
States to continue connected with the other half is
the most absurd- It is simply impossible, that is
all.
In the event of a dissolution and being left iso-
lated, has New England reflected on the position
she will occupy in relation to Great Britain? She
should remember that she jars upon Great Britain
in all the leading points of her industry, her ship-
ping, her commerce and her manufactiues. Great
Britain is intensely selfish and suffers no weak
Power to be in her way.
Has she further reflected on the great fact, that
if the present Confederacy is broken up, she will
scarcely be allowed to enter a northern confed-
eracy and preserve her present power in the Sen-
ate. New York has within one of the represent-
ation of New England in this House, and yet
New England has twelve Senators.
I will tellthegentlemanfromPcnnsylvaniahow
he can retain the South'in the Union. It is the
simplest plan in the world; it costs nothing and
is perfectly efficacious. It is merely to do justice
to the South. That is all we ask.
Mr. ENGLISH obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow a vote to be taken for Speaker, pre-
ceded by a call of the House ?
Mr. ENGLISH. No, sir; I do not yield for
any purpose.
1 am not in the habit, as you know, Mr. Clerk,
of consuming much of the time of the House in
debate; and I should, perhaps, not have sought
the floor now, but for the fact that, a few days
ago, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Has-
kin] saw proper to allude in harsh, and, I think,
unmerited terms, to a bill which J had the honor
to introduce into the last Congress.
Sir, I regretted the introduction of the subject
here at such a time as this; but, as it has been
introduced, I hope the House will indulge me to
submit some remarks upon this somewhat cele-
brated and much-abused measure, in connection
with the question of admitting Kansas at the
present session. T propose, also, to say some-
thing m behalf of the northern Democracy, in ref-
erence to their position in the sectional contest in
which the country is now unhappily involved;
but all I propose to say, I think, can be said
within the compass of an hour.
the i.ecompton issue and the conference bill.
Sir, the question of admitting Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution was one of no ordinary
character, and led, as we all know, to an angry
controversy, which has but seldom, if ever, been
equaled in our legislative history.
The excitement, which had already begun when
the Thii ty-Fifth Congress assembled, soon spread
to every department of Government, and to all
classes of society.
For five long months it was the all-engrossing
topic in these ITalls—absorbing the attention of
Senators and Representatives, and standing in the
way of the transaction of all useful and legitimate
public business.
The Senate saw proper to pass a bill admitting
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution without
limit or condition; but this bill, although it com-
manded the favor of the President and his Cabinet,
failed to reccive the sanction of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The House, on the other hand,
passed a bill as a substitute for that of the Senate;
but this the Senate would not accept, or the Exec-
utive approve. Thus was an issue formed between
great codidmale branches of the Government,
whose joint and harmonious action could alone
remove the dangerous question and give peace to
the country. *
In the hope of securing this harmonious action,
and pursuing the only course known to legislative
bodies in such cases, Congress referred the subject
of disagreement to a committee of free conference;
and that committee, as is well known, originated
a bill, subsequently enacted into a law, sometimes
called the "English bill," but winch I shall des-
ignate, in these remarks, as " the Kansas confer-
ence bill."
a settlement satisfactory to all not ex-
pected.
It was not to be expected that a bill upon a sub-
ject of so much magnitude, preceded by such in-
tense excitement, long and heated debates, close
votes, and conflicts between coordinate branches
of the Government, could be enacted into a law in
a manner satisfactory to all, or without violent
opposition. Nothing in man's nature, or the his-
tory of the past, warranted such expectation.
Thirty millions of excited people are not easily
quieted, and a question wh ie h could agitate a whole
nation was not likely to be removed without a
struggle, and some sacrifice of opinion.
These things will all be considered by those who
arc disposed to judge fairly of the merits or de-
merits of the conference bill. Wise and patriotic
men could well approve o{ a measure originating
under such circumstances which they would have
objected to as an original proposition. I am free
to say, that if the bill had oeen an original propo-
sition , depending alone upon my approval to shape*
into a law, I should, without sacrificing its sub-
stance, have changed in some respects some of its
provisions. It was no time, however, to cavil ^
about non-essential points, or unimportant words;
no time to manifest a captious or dogmatical dis-^
position. A little might well be yielded to the
judgment of others, if necessary to achieve a suc-
cessful result in a matter of such importance.
Sir, perfection in every respect was not claimcd
for the conference bill. Its friends set up no un-
reasonable or extravagant pretensions in its behalf,
and they now have the proud satisfaction of know-
ing that it has realized all they ever claimed for
it. It was enough that it contained the substance f
and was the very best that could be secured at the
tii)ie and under the circumstances which then existed,
In that spirit it was agreed to in committee; in*
that spirit enacted into a law. It sprung from the
necessity of the case and was supported m the
hope of reconciliation and peace. If those who
gave it their support erred, it was in yielding too
much in the praiseworthy effort of removing a
dangerous question from the national councils
and restoring harmony to a highly excited peo-
ple. Whilst I claim that those who gave it their
support were actuated by motives of patriotism*
it is not my purpose to impugn the motives of
gentlemen who opposed it.
republican opposition was expected—their
inconsistency,
Opposition from the Republican party was
looked for, as a matter of course; because the pol 
icy of that party seems to be to oppose whatever
the Democracy at the time may approve; and I
will not charge that there were those, not of that
party, who opposed it because it originated in a
quarter not to suit them or because it received the
sanction of the Administration. I choose rather
to go upon the supposition that all such were in-
fluenced alone by convictions of public duty.
Having seen some service, sir, in ihe jjolitical
wars with the Republicans, I know what to ex-
pect at their hands. I was not disappointed at
the violence of their opposition or the fierceness?
of their denunciations, for I had witnessed simi-
lar manifestations in that quarter upon other occa-
sions. I could not forget that these same gentle-
men denounced the Itansas-Nebraska bill with-
like ferocity, and proclaimed everywhere that
Kansas should not toe admitted as a $ave State y
even though it should be the unanimous wish of
her citizens; and yet the sound of these protesta-
tions had scarcely died away, before they aban-
doned that position, and came to the one they had
but a short time before so fiercely denounced tho
Democracy for occupying. In voting for the?
Crittenden-Montgomery amendment, they voted
to admit Kansas as a slave State, if a majority of
her people should approve; thus humiliating and
stultifying themselves before the world in view
of their former vehement and oft-repeated profes-
sions.
Who docs not remember the incendiary lan-
guage of the great organ of that party—the New
York Tribune—against the passage of the Ne-
braska bill ?
" Better that confusion should ensue—better that discord
should re ism in the national councils—better that Con-
gress should bieuk tip In wild disorder—nay, better that the
Capitol itself should blaze by the torc-h of the incendiary,,
or tall and buiy its mm ate*. beneath its crumbling luins,
j than that this pcifidyand wrong shall be linally accom-
plished."'
And yet the paper that used this violent lan-
guage and published the names of the northern
men who supported the Nebraska bill in its so-
called "roll of infamy," was brought to support
a measure which,like that bill,referred the ques-
tion of slavery to the people immediately inter-
ested, and its editor put on rccord the declaration
' that—
<•' VVc lake your Lecompton- constitution, eternal slavery
and all, provided the people of Kansas do noi r^ce fit to le-
jcet it and form a new one instead."
Sir, T was one of the few northern supporters*
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill who successfully en-
countered the storm of Republican denunciation
in 1854; and,sir, I have lived to see the principle,
for supporting which I was then denounced, and
my party, for a tune, defeated, ratified by a ma-
jority of the people of the United States, con-
