1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Hero is an instance of culpable—I think I might
in moderate terms call it criminal extravagance.
1 am for punishing it. I will not vote for a cent
of the bill in any form it can be put. I will vote
acainst the bill. It is a fraud upon this Govern-
ment, a plain, palpable one upon the face of it; |
and, if we ever intend to give a lesson, we have
the power of doing it now, and I hope and trust
in God the Senate will do it. Contrivers of this
sort shall not always be able to console them-
selves, " Well, if our fraud and imposition do not
succeed, we shall be paid anyhow." No, sir;
they shall not be paid. Let them take their prop- |
erty. Let them hold one another responsible. Let
these gentlemen settle one with another their re-
sponsibilities, and let our court-houses be fur-
nished in a plain, suitable manner. In the court-
house in my State, an old one comparatively, the
whole'furniture of it did not cost §500, 1 verily be-
lieve. The jurors sit on benches ; tlfe judges sit
in respectable seats, and on respectable chairs, and
they administer as sound and as good justice as is
anywhere done. I will not give m to this oriental
idea of extravagance in transacting the pu blic busi-
ness at all. I mean to vote against the bill, and
let these gentlemen take their fine chairs, and do
what they can with them, and then we shall have
our court-house furnjshed in a plain and suitable
manner, consistent with the plain republicanism
which we wish to ingraft, and wish to preserve
in this Government in all its branches. I am
against the bill, and mean to vote against it.
- Mr. FOSTER. I ask that the yeas and nays
may be taken on the passage of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee" of the
Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and on the question, "Shall the bill mass?"
. Mr. FITZPATR1CK called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 6, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Iverson, La-
tham, and Mallory—G.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bingham, Brag", Brown,
Chandler, Chesnut, Clark, Clingman, Cotlamcr, Critten-
den, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fe^enden, Fiteh,
Fit/.patrick, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hammond, Har-
lan, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, King, Mason, Polk,
Powell, Pugh, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wigfall, and Wilkinson—26.
So the t>ill was rejected.
Mr.GRIMES. I move thatthe Senate ad journ.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division — ayes 21, noes 13; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 23, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the piiaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
"The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DISTRICT COURT OF NEW YOKIv.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the holding of a term
of the district court of the United States at Bing-
hamton, in the State of New York.
The bill provides that one term of the district
court of the United States for the northern dis-
trict of New York, in addition to those already
appointed, shall be held annually at Bingliamton,
in the county of Bfoome, at such time as the
judge of said district shall appoint, upon a notice
of at least forty days, to be published in the State
paper of the State of New York; which district I
court and the jtfdge thereof shall have like pow- j
ers and exercise like jurisdiction as other dis- I
trict courts and judges thereof, as now provided j
by law. j
The bill was read a first and second time, and \
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
EASTERN BOUNDARY OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT, by unanimous conse.nt, intro-
duced a bill to change the eastern boundary of
the State of California; which was read a first and
.second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
SCHOOL FUND IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill making the same provision for the
school fund of California heretofore made for
other States of the Union, out of the proceeds of
the sale of the public lands; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, and the
regular order of business being called for, reports
from committees of private bills are in order, com-
mencing where we last left off.
The committees were then called for reports on
private business, commencing with the Committee
of Accounts.
EDWARD W. KENT.
Mr WASHBURN", of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do*pass, an act (S. No.
74) for the relief of Edward W. Kent; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BARR. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. TAPPAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that wc should receive reports from com-
mittees for half an hour or an hour, and then I
propose to make the motion the gentleman has
just made.
Mr. BARR. Very well. I withdraw the motion
JOEL M. SMITII.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Joel M. Smith;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM LYON.
Mr. WALTON, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (II. R. No. 86) for the relief of Wil-
liafti Lyon, late pension agent at Knoxville, Ten-
nessee; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
. DIFFICULTIES ON TIIE RIO ORANDE.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have printed a letter from
the Secretary of War, containing dispatches of
importance in reference to the difficulties upon the
Rio Grande,and to have the same referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
JAMES MEEKER.
Mr. WALTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the bill for the relief of
James Meeker, and that it be recommitted to the
Committee of Claims.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
PRINTING OF A PAPER.
• Mr. McCLERNAND*. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to print a short bill of three
sections, which I propose, at the proper time, to
offer as an amendment to the bill reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary in reference to
Utah.'
No objection being made, leave was granted.
THOMAS BROWN.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, an act (S. No. 242) for the relief of
Thomas Brown; which was laid on the table.
JOHN WIGIITMAN.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, asked
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of citizens of Erie,
Crawford, Mercer, and Butler counties', in the
State of Pennsylvania, praying for compensation
to John Wightman, contractor for carrying the
mail from Pittsburg to Erie, and that the same be
referred to the Commtttee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
It was so ordered.
JACOB REED.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report upon the petition of Hi-
ram Horton and others, administrators of Jacob
Reed, deceased; which wos laid on the table.
JOHN WAGNER.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,
asked that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of John
Wagner, and that the same be referred to the
Committee of Accounts.
It was so ordered.
IIANNAII CUTTER AND OTHERS.
Mr. TAPPAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Hannah Cutter,
James W. Emery, R. B. Cutter, and others, sure-
ties of Charles W. Cutter; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
JETIIRO BONNEY.
Mr. TAPPAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Jethro Bonney, of
the State of New York; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
NATHANIEL STEELE.
Mr. TAPPAN also, from the same committee,
asked that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the heirs
of Nathaniel Steele, and thatthe same be referred
fo the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was so ordered.
LUKE HILTON AND OTHERS.
Mr. TAPPAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Luke
Hilton and others; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
SLIZABETII B. M'CORMICK.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,also-
made an adverse report on the petition of Eliza-
beth B.McCormick; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
1 BENJAMIN S. POPE.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,also
made an adverse report on the petition of Benja-
min S. Pope, praying for indemnity for loss of a
ship and cargo; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
LEONARD HALL.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the petition of Leonard
Hall; which was laid on the table,and ordered to
be printed.
31. M. ROBERTS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the petition of M.-M.
Roberts; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
CATHERINE IIANNA'S CHILDREN.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
reported back the petition of the surviving chil-
dren of Catherine Hanna, and asked tliat the
Committee of Claims be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
It was so ordered.
FERGUSON AND M'KIZER.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
made adverse reports in the cases of John Fer-
guson and J. H.McKizer; which were severally
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
NAIIUM WARD.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, Court of Claims bill (No. 72) for the re-
lief of Nahum Ward; which was laid on the table,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JAMES B. WOOD.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report on the memorial of
James B. Wood; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES D. ARFWEDSEN.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
