3222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
It is not in order.to inquire in this body what has
been done in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will allow us to understand this matter.
I will state this, with the consent of the gentle-
man from Virginia, that if the Senate will not act
upon the tariff bill, hut postpone that question,
and there is no other way to provide for the
Treasury notes except by a loan, I shall be will-
ing to vote for a loan bill; but I will never vote
for a loan bill while there is a prospect of passing
a tariff bill, and while the Senate is considering
the subject.
Mr. CRAWFORD I desire to say that neither
side of the Senate expect that the tariff bill will
be acted on at this session.
Mr. PHELPS. That is the result of my in-
quiries from Senators on both sides.
"Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I object to
any further reference to the proceedings of the
Senate.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the bill upon the table; and it was decided  n the
negative—yeas 63, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Ashley, Babbitt, Iiing-
 , lily, „ ,
Graham. Grow, Hale, Hall, lielmick, Humphicy, Jimkln
Francis'W. Kellogs, James M. Leach, l.ee, Imnsneckoi,
Xjoomis, McKiiujiit, Md'hcivon, Millwaid, l.alian T.
Moore, Mooihead, Moirill, Edwaid Joy Moms, Nol-on,
Nixon, rainier, 1'ettlt, I'oiter. l'otlei, Uuark-, Clui^topher
Robinson, Itoyce, Scianton, .Sherman, Spinner, Ktevens,
Stratton, Tompkins, Trimble, Vandevei, Van Wyek, Vcr-
ree, Walton, Wells, and Woodiuif-—-ti.J. I
NAY—Messrs. Charles F. Adam--, Aklnch, Allen, Al- j
ley, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Hair, Blake, Rocoek, .
Bonllam, Botclcr, Boyce, lirabson, Bianeh, llrbtow, 15m-
tlllton, liurcl). Ilurlmsaine, Burnett, Buinham, Carey,
Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Ilimon Craiee,
Crawford. Curry, 11. Winter Pav is, John U. Davis, Dnn-
mick, Ediliuiidson, l-'.liot, English, Foster, French, f:artreil,
Gouch, Ilaideman, J. Morrison Harris. John T. Hams,
llatton, llill, Hoard, Houston, William llowaul, William
A. Howard, uugltes, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, William Kel-
logg, Landrum, Larrabee, DeWitt C. l.each, I .cake, Logan,
Love, Maclav, Mallory, ElheitS Martin, Maynaid, Mc-
Queen, Meliea, Milison, Sydenham Moore, Morse. Nib-
lack, l'erry, I'eytun, Phelps, 1'iyor, lleagan, Kiec. Itiggs,
Ruflin, Kum, Scott, fJcdj?wifk, tHckics, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. H Smith, Stalhvorth, Stanton, James
A. Stewart, Stokes,,Stout,Thayer, Thomas,Tiam, IJndci-
wood, Vallatidigham, Vancc, Wade, Israel W.ishbuin,
Webster, Wiuslow, Woodson, and Wiight—101.
So the House refused to lay the^bill upon the
table.
During the call,
Mr. blair, of Missouri, stated that he had
paired oil' with Mr. Ci.ark, of Missouri.
Mr. BARKSDADIi stated that Mr. Davis, of
Mississippi, had paired off with Mr. Windom.
Mr. HUTCH IWS stated that Mr. Edobrton
had paired off with Mr. Davidson. On this ques-
tion he would have voted "no." Mr. IIutciiins
also stated that he had paired off with Mr. Gar-
nistt, or he would have voted "ay."
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, announced that Mr.
Guri-ey had paired off with Mr. Pkndi.eton.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, announced
that Mr. K'h.i.i i;i;r, being utterly prostrated by
severe illness, had been obliged to go home, and
had paired off upon all political questions with
Mr. Cox.
Mr. MARSTON stated that he had paired off
upon this vote with Mr. De Jarnette, or he
would have voted "ay."
Mr. McRAE stated that he had paired off upon
the tariff question with Mr. Adrain; but not con-
sidering that the tariff question was involved m
this bill, he voted "no."
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. SHERMAN entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the mam question was
ordered on the bill.
DEATII OF IIOX. JOIIX SCHWARTZ.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, in the una-
voidable absence of those who with more propri-
ety than myself might be expccted to take prece-
dence on this occasion, I rise to announce to the
House the death of Hon. John Schwartz, a Rep-
resentative in Congress from the eighth congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania, which sad event
took place at his hotel, m this city, last night, at
eleven o'clock.
Being myselt" the Representative of the district
adjoining, and having borne to the deceased close
and intimate relations since the commencement
of the present Congress, 1 feel constrained, from
friendship, and a sense of duty, to pay my tribute
to his many exemplary qualities as a man, and
his uprightness and zeal as a legislator.
John Schwartz was born atSunbury, North-
umberland county, Pennsylvania, October 27,
1793. He descended from a revolutionary an-
cestor, who, like his son, the subject of this
biief notice, was distinguished for devotion to his
country, and for an unblemished reputation in
every relation of life. His father, Philip Michael
Schwartz, having emigrated from Saxony to Penn-
sylvania upon the breaking out of the Revolution,
enlisted as a soldier in the ranks, and served,
throughout that long and doubtful struggle, with
constancy, bravery, and the utmost devotion to
the cause. At the termination of the war he was
honorably discharged.
When the deceased was ten years of age he was
indentured to a merchant in the city of Reading,
where he has ever since resided. Truth, econ-
omy, and punctuality in the discharge of every
obligation, enabled him, after a series of years,
to retire with a competency, and to leave to his
sons the business which he had so carefully built
up. Their misfortunes, consequent upon a revul-
sion in trade, enabled him to rescue them from
ruin, and to discharge every obligation against
them. Generosity like this was always his' lead-
nig characteristic, and to yield his own comfort to
the happiness of others an object near to his heart.
It does not become me, Mr. Speaker, on this
melancholy occasion, to refer at length to the polit-
ical events with which Mr. Schwartz has lat-
terly been identified; but I must be permitted to
say that 1 have rarely known a man who com-
bined so many excellent, and so few objectiona-
ble elements. In his intercourse with his fellow-
members he had the happy faculty of making
friends on all sides.
His conscientious discharge of his duties; his
independence of thought and action; his strong
aversion to corruption; his ardent attachment to
his party associates; and his self-sacrificing as-
siduity, as exhibited in his constant, unwearied
attendance upon the sessions of this Ilouse, wliilc
laboring under a disease that was rapidly and
surely carrying him to the grave, made lnm, all
unused as he was to congressional excitement, a
conspicuous character in this Hall.
Fully sensible of the important trust confided
to lnm, desirous of discharging his whole duty at
all times, no tongue of mine can convey to this
body the anxiety and determination of my late
colleague to be always present during the delib-
etations of this House. This resolve on his part
to guard well the interests of his people arose
from a high sense of the character of the trust.
To him it was a commission directly from the
people whom ho loved; their confidence in, and
regard for him, must not be disappointed. It was
patriotism to watch over and to serve the country
of his love; the highest emotion, next to love of
God, that can fill "the heart of man. And could
he fail in patriotism ' It was a trust, could he bo
false to it? And so, day by day and night after
night, my aged but resolved colleague was at his
post. His disease was gaining ground. Ills
fiiends and colleagues remonstrated, and urged
that his life, thus imperiled, was of value to his
family and lus country. But, despite all ar-
guments and remonstrances, John Schwartz
remained at kis post, like the Roman soldier at
Pompeii, amid the. shower of volcanic ashes that
threatened to overwhelm him: " lie had not been
discharged," and died faithful to lus trust, and m
the discharge of duty.
Those who construed the simplicity of his na-
ture into ignorance of the duties assigned him,
greatly mistook the man. Disdaining the arts of
the demagogue, and always admittinghiswant of
learning, the strong good sense of his race sup-
plied every deficiency, and enabled him instinct-
ively to judge between right and wrong, and to
take and toehold whatever position he assumed
fearlessly to the end.
His devotion to the interests of Pennsylvania,
particularly of that vast industry of which his
great district may be said to be one of the chief
capitals, was exhibited in his perseveiing efforts,
on all occasions, to respond to the wishes of his
constituents. With a heart as liberal as ever beat
in human bre ist, and a love of country that em-
braced all sections, he came here imbued with a
determination to yield everything in order that the
prosperity of Pennsylvania might be promoted.
Mr. Schwartz had little taste for politijs; his
desire was to win and to maintain the affection of
his family and the confidence of his neighbors.
The example of the patriotic sire was not lost
upon his brave son. Loving liberty as the free
and the devoted only can love, his whole heart
being with his country and herinstitutions, upon
the breaking out of the war of 1812, and after the
burning of this Capitol by the British troops, John
Schwartz enrolled his name as a private soldier,
and joined the American Army at Baliimore, and
while on the ground was selected by lus briga-
dier general as a member of his staff, and com-
missioned by Governor Snyder as regimental
quartermaster, in which capacity he served until
the close of the contest.
Returning home, and resuming the business he
had left to resist die foreign invader, he became
extremely popular among his fellow-citizens. De-
clining all public station, although it was repeat-
edly offered, he moved along the quiet paths of
private life, and though generally cooperating
with the Democratic party, never became an active
participant in political strife until the memorable
struggle growing out of the Lecompton question.
Then it was that the people of Berkscounty turned
to lnm as the man who, of all others, could best
embody their sentiments on this question, and
secure the largest vote at die election. They
called on him to become their candidate for Con-
gress, and after much hesitation he consented.
The conflict was a severe one. The country
knows the result. He was chosen to the seat he
has so worthily filled over the candidate of the
Administration, who had succeeded m the former
election by a majority of nearly eight thousand
votes!
It was his inten tion, frequently expressed, never
to ask areelection at the hands of his constituents,
but another Power has colled lnm away from us;
and " the place which knew him once will know
liim no more forever."
The memory of a good man lives after him,
and is not " interred with his bones." True, life
hero is transient. It is but the shadow, if bad, or
light, if good, passing over the landscape. But
who that has once seen the glory of God's light
can ever forget it'
So lives in the memory the recollection of a
good man. His kind acts, his charitable works,
his gentle influences, remain in grateful remem-
brance to cheer in adversity, and to inspire others
to noble deeds. Pats on, then, great heart and
noble old warrior, to thy repose on the green
banks of Schuylkill, amid the people of thy love.
But not to be forgotten. A heart-broken and de-
voted family, a large circle of bereaved friends, a
mourning people, will embalm thy memory in
grateful recollection.
Mr. Speaker, I now have the honor to offer the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has received, with profound
sorrow, tile announcement of the death ol' Hon. Joiin
Schwartz, a member of this House from the State of
Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That this House terelets to the family of Hie
defeased the e:\pt cs-ion of it.-, sympathy oil this, affecting
event; ami as a testimony of respect for his meinoi v, the
members and officers of tills House will attend his tuncral
to-monow at six o'clock a. m., and weal the usual badge
of mourning on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved. That the Senate be invited to attend the fune-
ral of the deceased.
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate a copy of these
proceedings to the family of the deceased.
Resolved, That the Speaker appoint* a committee ot six
members of this House to escort the remains ot lion Joiin
Hciiwauiz to the place designated by his friends i'oi bis
intemicnt.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Speaker, I first met
my late colleague from the Berks district in Dfccm-
ber, as we were about eutmngupon our duties in
this Cnpitol. I last saw him, a few hours since,
unconscious and dying. Bat a few months have
intervened, and the strong man has passed away
—lost to his family, his district, his State, and his
country. Let mc speak briefly of him, as he
appeared to me.
Of the first of these riven relations I will not
dare to speak. Only those can appreciate them
who have gone through this furnacc of affliction,
and they know how vain and feeble, how almost
mocking-, though sincere, are all words of sym-
pathy. The stricken heart can look only to God.
But Mr, Schwartz had important public rcUv*
