2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
tion of the Union. There has been no act of ag-
gression }ret done. None has yet been commu-
ted. There is much contemplated; there is a
feverish state in thesouthernmind, though, which
ennnot be tampered with; and the election of a
Black Republican will be considered, I know, in
many sections of the country, as an overt act.
Why should it not be? When a party that is sec-
tional has adopted a platform of principles so
odious and dangerous to one half of the States of
this Union tliat they cannot even have an elec-
toral ticket in them; when a party hus erased from
its flag seventeen States, and left but sixteen of the
thirty-throe upon its black fold ; when a party
that is organized upon antagonism to ourciviliza-
tion, and to our insritution, chooses to put up a
man, and he is elected, I ask if his election is
itself not an overt act? I suppose Air. Fillmore
will not be considered as a nuilificr or secessionist,
or factionist, or a very strong pro-slavery man;
yet m i«56, m his celebrated Albany speech, Mr.
Fillmore himself used this language:
" But this is not all, hir. Wc see a political party pre-
senting candidate* toi the Pie idcncy«md Vice Presidency,
selected tor the first tune from the tree States alone, with
the avowed purpose of elcctma the^e candidate^ by f-
fiagch o! one p.ut of thf Umon only, to mle over the whole
United State*. Can it he possible that those who are en-
gaged in Mii'h a measure can have soi loudly reflected upon
the consequence which mu*t inevitably follow, in case of
suceosh? (.'an thov have the iiiadm1^ 01 the toily to be-
lieve that our southern birtluen would submit to he gov-
erned by such a Oner AIa;n-tnue ? Would he he required
to follow the >ame uiie ptf^eiibed hy those who elected
htm, in making his appointment? It a man living eolith
of Mason and Dixon's line be not woi thy to be President
or Vice President, would u be proper to select onctioin
the same quaiter as one ot his Cabinet council, or to rep-
resent the nation in a lorei«*n counaj ? Or, indeed, to col-
lect the revenue, or administer the laws of the United
States? Jt not, what new rule is the President to adopt in
selecting men for office that the people themselves di—
card m seleetmg hmi ? The^e aie serious, but piaetical
questions; and in oidcr to appreciate them ltihy, it is onlv
ncccssaiy to turn the tables, upon oui--e!vc-<. ^uppo^e that
the South, having a minority oi the electoial vote-, should
declare thai the\ would only iiavc sl.ivcholder,? for Presi-
dent and Vice President, and should eleet Mich l>) their
exclusive Milfiafrev to inle ovei ih at the North: do you
think wc would submit to it ? No ; not for a moment. And
do jou believe that vour southern brethren aie less sensi-
tive on Uii^ subject than >oti aie, <u less jealous ol thou
rights'1 If joT  do. Set mo tell you that you are mistaken.
And, therefore, you must see that, if tlm seetional puny
succeeds, it leads inevitably to the deduction of lilts beau-
tiful fabric roared by our forefather, eomontod by their
blood, and bequeathed to us as a priceless mheiitanee."
That is the judgment of Mr. Fillmore in 18o(j;
and because some southern men said there is rea-
son and good sense and justice in it, or whether
there is or not, because they believe that there is
such a feverish state of the public mind thai it
would not tolerate the election of a Black Repub-
lican Pie.sident, these men are denounced perse
as disuniomsfs. i confess that I feel the justice
of Mr. Fillmore's opinion, and I have never boon
able to appreciate that of Mr Ranks, of Atassa-
chusetts, who said that ho could imagine a mili-
tary despotism, the utter destruction of liberty m
this country, but he could not imagine a disrup-
tion of the Union. What sort of a Union would
it be? What sort of a Government? A military
despotism with a dominant irresponsible majority;
the ballot-box affording us no piotcction, a dom-
inant sectional hostile majoiity to tax us until we
could heai taxation no longer,and disbursing tin-
proceeds of our labor and capital for their own
benefit and use! That would be the result of such
agovernment. Evety man must see it, and know
it, and feel it; and it is to tins point that matters
are verging*. J ti ust in God, sir, that the time will
never come when the Democratic paity will be
disrupted or defeated. Thete were times when it
could have been defeated without danger to the
Republic. "When the issue was between the old
Whig: party and the Democratic party, there wore
questions of great impoitancc, but not such as
involved the issue of union or disunion. Now
it is a question of union or disunion. Everybody
must desire the harmony and success of the party.
Every man who has it in his power by personal
sacrifices, should be willing to make them, in order
that we may have that harmony. He who talks
about a dissolution of the Union as the greatest
calamity that could befall the country, has evi-
dently novel-studied the Constitution of the Union,
cu the ftamcwork of our Government. I am a
Union man, bccause 1 believe it is a good form of
government, and that is the only reason, if I
believed otherwise,! would be against the Union.
I am in favor of the Democratic party because it
administers this Government according to my
understanding of the Constitution, and for the
benefit of all sections, North, South, East and
West; therefore, I am a Union man; and every
man who will consider, must sec that, if the pow-
ers which were reserved to the States are consol-
idated in the hands of the Inderal Government,
and it becomes a national Government, and ex-
ercises these powers, it is no longer the Union
that was formed.
That is as obvious as the other proposition,
that the powers which were delegated to the Fed-
eral Government may be resumed by the States,
and the Federal Government shall not be permit-
ted to exercise the power which the States in-
tended it should exercise. Either is a destruc-
tion of the Union formed by the Constitution.
The planets that revolve around the solar center,
launched into space by the hands of the Almighty,
arc held m their properplaces by two counteract-
ing forces, the centrifugal and the centripetal.
All of us can sec that if God could be thwarted,
and one of those planets were to fly from its
sphere through space, a flaming mass, a pathless
comet, it would be a destruction, so far as that
planet was conerncd, of the solar system; and if
cach, one after the other, was to fly off in an er-
ratic course, so it would continue to be until the
entire system itself was destroyed. Any man
who believes in the wisdom of God, or under-
stands the system that 1 am speaking of, would
regret to see that.
Rut, sir, reverse it, and suppose that these plan-
ets were suddenly stopped, and, the centrifugal
force ceasing to operate, by the great power of
attraction they were drawing together, until they
met with crushing force at the center of the sys-
tem, there to be mingled in one mass of rum. Of
the two, which wouid you prefer ' It is a matter
about which philosophers might speculate; but
we know that comets have tor centuries been
passing m their erratic course without destruc-
tion. "These great planets could not converge to
! the center without utter ruin, destruction, ami
j annihilation.
! So I say os to the Union. If one State were to
! leave the Union, or all were to separate, it would
be a calamity, because I believe the Government
| whuh we have is the best that could be devised;
: but if they cannot be kept in their spheres, then
1 I say it is better that each should go by itself than
, that they should all become converged to one
; point, become consolidated—a single democracy
! to he governed by a popular majority. That is
■ just the view 1 have of secession and consoiida-
: tion,and I tuiht in God that neither calamity will
; ever befall the country; und there is no danger of
it unless tins Republic,an party shall succeed; and
by the Republican party, 1 mean a party sectional,
and from its very organization, from the material
of which it is composed, unlike any other party
that has ever existed. Its leaders arc unlike the
leaders of any other party. There waf an eleva-
tion and a patriotism about the old Whig party,
wron« as { believed it to be, that made me respect
it; but when that party became abohtionized,
every man of position at onee sunk—was ignored
and excluded from public alfairs. Where, then,
wore Webster and Choate and Everett? The
mud.was stirred up, and the waters became dark.
The sediment rose to the top, and since then we
have seen nothing but the thick scum evidencing
the corruption it covers, and tainting the atmos-
phere with malignant malaria. When that noble
old Whig building was torn down, with the rub-
bish that remained was mixed, and upon it was
thrown, the filth of Abolitionism. Republicanism
is hardly the debus of Whiggery. It is not the
lees. Slush has been thrown into the old Whig
barrel.
•' To what b;we use a wo may loturn "
This is what Air. Clay anticipated when he
said he would leave the party should it ever
become abohtionized.
It is a party composed of men of one idea.
They are woman's-nghts men, and human-rights
men. They think a woman a man with a petti-
coat on, and a negro a black white man; that
every one is created fiee and equal. I was read-
ing some work some time ago—I have forgotten
what—m which it was asseited that, so far from
men being born free and equal, the very first in-
fringement made upon liberty is bcin? born at all.
That after we were born, we got into the hands
of our nurses and schoolmasters, where we werp
confined without law, tried without juries, and
whipped without mercy; that then we found our-
selves involuntary citizens of some Government
that we owed allegiance to; that we could not re-
lease ourselves from this condition; for there was
no place on the globe wc could go into, in which
wc would not be subjected to obedience; and,
therefore, instead of liberty being the natural con-
dition of man, it was a thing that never did exist,
and never could. It is true, though it may sound
paradoxical. The trihe of Fiee-Soil philosophers
who indorse the wild theories of human rights,
begins with anti-masonry, and indeed with anti-
slavery. They go for all impracticable issues.
They live upon excitement. They misrepresent
political issues, and make appeals to passions and
prejudices.
" Tliey tire a canting crew,
So s-mooth, so godly, and po dcvilifh, too,
Who, armed at once with prayei-books, and with whip*,
Blood on then hand-*, and Scriptui e on their lips ;
T)Kiute5 by creed, arid toiuuei-5 hy text,
Make thn world hf!l in lienor of the next."
And that tribe, without any platform of princi-
ples under heaven, except hostility to the institu-
tions of the South, assume to claim the reins of
Government. Are they for a tariff or against it;
for a bank or against it; for internal improvements
or against them. Of these matters, as to the mode
in which the Government is to be administered,
they know nothing. It is negro equality. It is
misrepresentation of our position; a constant effort
to excite one section against another; to live upon
this excitement. AVhcn a party of that sort has
risen to power, then will the days of this Repub-
lic be numbered. For announcing this fact, we
arc denounced as enemies of our country, and dis-
umomsts. Wc are only trying to preserve the
Union; and as the most effectual mode of doing
it, defeating them.
There is much else that I might say in refer-
ence to this matter; but I am weary myself, and
1 feel that the Senate should be, if it is not. I
ha\e list n to-day, Air. President, to discuss these
resolutions, because I am one of the party whose
delegates withdrew from the Charleston conven-
tion. As those who did withdraw have been
misrepresented and denounced, T felt that these
resolutions, being similar in character to those
which were offered in the Charleston convention,
it was but due to those delegates that they and
their principles should be defended. They had a
right to expect aid and comfort from their friends;
and I chose, therefore, to-day, to discuss these
resolutions, to express my cordial approbation of
the course they pursued, and to say, so far as 1
am individually concerned, I would have aeted
as they have acted. I thought, in doing this,
that it might not have been out of place to discuss
the principles involved in these resolutions, and
the issues before the Democratic party. I thought
it might not be out of place to appeal to those
who have divided and distracted the party, and
see if a final, last appeal would have any effect
upon them. I am satisfied that it is the purpose
of those who are laising this clamor against us to
divide the party, to cxcite prejudice against us,
to prevent any reconciliation. My reasons for
those opinions I have stated in detail, and I shall
not recapitulate. Judge Douglas can restore the
peace he has disturbed. Will he? If not,is there
not wisdom and patriotism enough left to assert
the "great principle" of his Kansas hill, and
manage our own affairs in our own way? I trust
that the delegates may again meet in a spirit of
harmony, and adopt a platform on which we can
all stand and nominate a man wc can all support.
I have done.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Air. President, if wc can
come to a vote on these resolutions, I have no de-
sire to occupy the time of the Senate at all; but
if this debate is to go on, and we an: to continue
the discussion of these questions, 1 feel that it is
a duty incumbent on me to take some part in the
proceedings that are now transpiring m the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Texas informs us that the
Senator from Illinois is politically dead. If that
be so, I will say, for one, that this is the longest
funeral ceremony that I base ever attended.
[Laughter.] Howcut, Air. President, I do not
desire to enter into a discussisn of the question if
