1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Enrolled Bills, reported that that committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 19) to amend an act entitled
" An act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," approved March
3,1855, for the better protection of female passen-
gers, and other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 331) to repeal the third
section of an act entitled " An act to increase and
regulate the terms of the circuit and district courts
for the northern district of the State of New
York,"approved July 7,1838; when the Speaker
signed the same.
BAUNT DE KLYN'S HEIRS.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Barnt De Klyn, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
john palmer and john d. treville.
Mr. DUELL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the cases of John D. Palmer
and John D. Treville; which was laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
isaac bowman.
Mr. DUELL. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims have instructed mc to report the
following resolution, and to ask for its adoption
by the House:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the claim of Isaac Bowman, deceased, a
lieutenant and quartermaster in the Revolution, in the Vir-
ginia State line; that the same be referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims; and that the said committee re-
port the facts to this House.
The resolution was considered and adopted.
jonathan skinner's iieirs.
Mr. BR1GGS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Jonathan
Skinner, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
h. brockhqlst livingstons children.
Mr. BRIGGS also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the children of
Henry Brockholst Livingston; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
timothy emerson.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of the heirs of
Timothy Emerson; which was laid 011 the table,
and ordered to be printed.
j. f. tracy.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, made an adverse report m the case
of J. F. Tracy; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed. /
nancy g. tan rensselaer.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committeemen Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported back the petition in
the case of Nancy G. van Rensselaer, widow of
Henry K. Yan Rensselaer, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
" carr, brierly & co.
Mr. WOODSON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Carr,
Brierly & Co.; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
menomonee claims.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill to authorize the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to adjudicate and settle
certain claims against the Menomonee Indians;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed
charles j. j. leopold.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of* Charles
J. J. Leopold; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ERBANO PEREZ.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, made an adverse report in the case
of firbano Perez; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
JOHN F. SANFORD.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of John P. San-
ford, administrator de bonis non of the estate of
Robert Sanford, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN UTAH.
Miv STANTON, from the same committee,
also reported a bill to refund to the Territory of
Utah the expenses incurred in suppressing In-
dian hostilities in the year 1853.
Mr. THOMAS. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that
that is not a private bill, and that, therefore, it is
not in order to be reported upon a call of the com-
mittee for reports of a private nature.
The SPEAKER. Ifit is not a private bill, of
course it cannot be received.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs regarded it as strictly a private bill. It is
a private claim for money paid out by the Terri-
tory of Utah for the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities within the limits of that Territory. It is
as much a private claim as any made here for
money expended, and which it is the duty of this
Government to refund.
The SPEAKER. In that aspect, it will be re-
ceived.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
CLAIM OF CITIZENS OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, made an adverse report upon the
petition of citizens of Minnesota, praying for an
investigation into alleged outrages committed by
the United States soldiers at Fort Uidglcy; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MRS. ELIZA A. MERCHANT.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mrs. Eliza A. Mer-
chant, widow of late First Lieutenant and Brevet
Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the United States
Army; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
FRANK MADISON.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report upon the petition of
Frank Madison; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
THORNLEY S. EVERETT.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report in the case of Thorn-
ley S. Everett; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
It. W. DUNCAN.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report in the case of R. W.
Duncan; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
IIAYDEN & ATWELL.
Mr. OLIN, from the same committee, made an
adverse report in the ease of Hayden & At well;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.  
HILL & MEGONEGAL.
Mr. OLIN, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report in the case of Hill&Me-
gonegal; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
GEORGE B. BACON.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 58) for the re-
lief of Ueorge B. Bacon, late acting purser of sloop-
of-war Portsmouth, with the recommendation that
it do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
exchange of steamer duties.
Mr. MORSE. I am directed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to report to the House the me-
morial of Mr. Martin, asking for an exchange of
duties heretofore performed bv the steamers Mas-
sachusetts and Shubrick, and to move that it be
returned to the Delegate from Washington Ter-
ritory, for presentation to the Secretary of the
Navy, which is its proper reference.
It was so ordered.
benjamin tyson.
Mr. SCHWARTZ, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported abillfor the relief of Ben-
jamin Tyson; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
william b. draper.
Mr. POTTLE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the lelief of the legal representa-
tives of William B. Draper; which was read a first
and second time, referred io a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
eliphalet brown, jr.
Mr. POTTLE, from the same committee,also
reported a bill for the relief of Eliphalet Brown,
jr.; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
j. m. miller.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of J. M. Mil-
ler, in relation to a surface condenser for steam
engines; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
moses j. hill.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report upon the petition of
Moses J. Hill for an appropriation to test his in-
vention for percussion bombshells; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ann scott.
Mr. CURRY, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 60) for the relief of
Ann Scott, with the recommendation that it do
pass; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
edward willard and others.
Mr. CURRY, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report in the case of Edward
Willard and others; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
samuel a. west and others.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am directed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to report back
Senate bill (No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergast, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass. The Senate committee re-
ported unanimously in favor of the bill, and the
committee unanimously direct me to make this
report. If there be no objection, I move that the
•bill be now put on its passage.
Mr. LANDRUM. I object.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the acccompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
William york's heirs.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported
a bill for the relief of the heirs of William York;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
thomas bird's iieirs.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, from the
same committee, also made an adverse report
upon the petition of the widow and heirs of Thomas
Bird; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
