1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3223
tions. He held a high political position. He
represented in the national councils a large, pop-
ulous, industrious, and powerful district. There
were cast upon him grave responsibilities, justly
demanding the exercise of every high faculty.
There were intrusted to him interests of highest
moment to those now living, and those to succeed
in the endless march of humanity. There were
presented for his judgment questions involving
consequences which no man can foresee or cal-
culate, and which no faithful man can ignore or
disregard. He was placed in this position?and
for the first time, at an advanced age, having had
no special training for it, and having enjoyed
fewer advantages than have fallen to most of us;
and yet I believe I express the common senti-
ment of the House when I say that no man in it
met these responsibilities in a more becoming
spirit; no one discharged his trust with greater
soberness, clearness, and intelligence; no one
more conscientiously decided the various and
often intricate questions presented for his action.
From the beginning, he won upon us all—friends,
colleagues, and strangers. All respected, es-
teemed, loved him.
His health has been feeble the entire session.
Generally, he was physically unfit to be at the
post of duty, but he would not leave it. To his
friends that frame, more and more bowed, that
step, less and less firm, too plainly showed the
steady progress of deep-seated disease; but his
iron will overcame his weakness; and as, day
after day—not missing a vote—his clarion voice
rang out his prompt response, the hope arose that
the inherent vigor of a powerful constitution
would carry him safely beyond the crisis. But
it could not. After a six months' struggle he
was compelled to succumb; and one week ago
this day, about this hour, he left, for the last time,
this Hall. He gradually sank from that mo-
ment. No nobler spirit remam^to do battle for
his country.
His personal qualities were happily blended.
In him, great firmness was combined with gen-
tleness. He had no concealments. Simple in
manner, he was a brave, true, self-reliant man.
He was firm, just, candid, and faithful. He was,
in the highest sense, reliable. His integrity was
unquestioned. I but utter, in this, the opinion of
all who knew him here, and of those who have
known him during a long career of nearly " three
score and ten." Added to all this, he had a clear,
vigorous, and practical mind. He earnestly sought
the right: when found, he unhesitatingly and un-
deviatmgly pursued it. No fears alarmed, no
threats deterred, no excitement embarrassed him.
Hence he shunned not responsibility, but cheer-
fully assumed whatever his sense of duty re-
quired. Such a man could not live in a commu-
nity unobserved orunapprcciatcd. Mr. Schwartz
early became well known in Berks county; and
when his fellow-citizens sought one to whom they
could safely intrust the protection of their vital
interests, public sentiment, uninfluenced by man-
agement, quickly indicated him as the fit recipi-
ent of the honor. The selection o£lnm as a can-
didate was an unselfish tribute to his merits; and
his election, m one of the most remarkable of po-
litical campaigns, was a personal triumph such
as has been rarely accorded to any one.
Mr. Schwartz was a man of popular sympa-
thies and feelings. He was as thorough a Repre-
sentative of his people as ever sat upon this or
any other floor. He was eminently a type of
them. He was one with them in thought, tastes,
and instincts. The county of Berks was origin-
ally a German settlement, and it still maintains
that character. In it are seen all the peculiarities
and distinguishing excellences of the Pennsyl-
vania Germans—their steadiness, fidelity, and
virtue. All over it are proofs of their sagacity,
prudence, and thrift—their unwearying, ever-
adding industry. Of this leading element m the
composite population of Pennsylvania—an ele-
ment which has penetrated the whole mass,giving
her much of her undisputed greatness, and many
of its peculiar traits—Mr. Schwartz was a rep-
resentative man. He thoroughly rcspccted his
people, and was devoted to their interests, whilst
feeing unjust to no other in the Republic. At his
home, every sad heart this day echoes the senti-
ment: He was an honest man—a pure patriot—
a faithful public servant. I second tUe resolu-
tions now pending.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I, too, crave
permission to lay a voluntary offering upon the
old man's bier. Death has, for the first time, in-
vaded our presence. One of our number was
never suffered to join us; another went away to
die, in the pathetic language of the Gileadite, in
his own city, and to be buried by the grave of
his father and of his mother. But now a fellow-
member has fallen by our side,and is borne away
to hi's buiial almost from the very scene of our
deliberations. It is an impressive repetition of
the same solemn lesson, so old and so hard to be
learned,
"All men think all men mortal but themselves."
In the warfare of life, as upon the battle-field
of carnage, let there be a truce to bury the dead.
Let the rites of a decent sepulture and words of
happy augury not be omitted. At the gateway of
the grave applies with peculiar force the sublime
inculcation of Christianity: as yc would that men
should do to you, do ye also to them. Eulogy
is for the living, not for the unhearing dead.
Hence the maxim, at once philosophic and char-
itable, to remember of the dead only that which
is good, of fair example, encouraging emulation.
My relations with the deceased, though not in-
timate, were very kind. I made his acquaintance
here m the House, when 1 saw him for the first
time. He impressed me as being no ordinary
man. The hand of disease was evidently upon
him from the first. All might see that the num-
ber of his days would soon be told. Yet, day after
day was he at his post, confined here by his stern
sense of duty. He may almost belaid to have
died with the harness on. lie considered him-
self, for the time, a servant of the people, towards
whom he felt that he had assumed grave obliga-
tions. And his was no more eye service. He
seemed determined only to be useful, content that
others, if it might be, should bear the honors. Of
such are the men who go singing to the stake, and
who keep step as they march to the cannon's
mouth, it is the stuff of which martyrs and he-
roes are made. Faithful in that which is least,
they would be faithful, also, in that which is
much.
One of the last public acts of the deceased, if
not the very last, was to call the attention of the
House to a private bill m which he felt a deep in-
terest, and which he regarded as very just. What-
ever may have been our several opinions as to
the merits of the claim, I am sure none of us will
now regret that we gave its advocate a hearing,
and enabled him, as he turned his face to the
wall, to enjoy the consciousness that he had dis-
charged a duty.
I shall abstain from all inquiry into his previ-
ous life, and from all comment upon his charac-
ter. Others there are more competent to do jus-
tice to his memory. I purposely confine my
reflections to the single trajt, which has often
challenged my admiration: his unselfish devotion
to what he considered his duty, not forgetting the
kindly and genial temper, which never deserted
him, even in the severity of his disease, and which
ever gleamed out, like sunshine, from the clouds
that darkened the oib at his setting. The grave
will soon close over his mortal remains. The
world will go on as before. This event, except
by the stricken circle of his family and personal
friends, will quickly be forgotten. Happy for
us, if it awaken a livelier sense of our common
mortality.
" Debemur room nos no&tiaque 
Mr. GROW.
" The battle of our life is brief—
The alaim, the struggle, the lohef—
Then sleep we side by --lde.
The earth has scarcely closed over the new-
made grave of one of our associates, and the
mound is not yet green that covers two of his
compeers, and yet the council chambers of the
Republic are again draped in mourning.
naomc now to lay my feeble offering upon the
tonfo of my colleague, with a heart filled with
sorrow for a nation's loss and sympathy with be-
reaved friends, His virtues—his noble qualities,
of both head and heart, have been portrayed by
those who havepreccded me. This js but another
of the many instances which, in the past few
years, have occurred so frequently, by which the
halls of legislation have been converted into scenes
of woe. Within the last decade of years the great
Destroyer has wrought sad havoc among the hon-
ored names of the Republic.
At its beginning the cherished son of one half of
the Confederacy, and honored everywhere for the
purity of his life and brilliancy of his genius, was
borne in a funeral procession from the Capitol,,
and now reposes beneath the shade of his own,
palmetto. But a short time elapsed ere the arm
of Death, with its iron grasp, was thrown around
the famed orator of the West, whose magic elo-
quence swaved half ahcmisphere,and who made
the soilof his adopted State nolessillustrious and
cherished by the lovers of genius than did the
valor of its sons, who with their blood consecrated
it the "dark and bloody ground." Following
close after, New England's honored statesman
was lulled to his last sleep by the sound he loved
so well while living—the roar of the ocean's
wave.
Ere the decade closed, Missouri was called to
mourn her eaily pioneer, who, at the end of an
eventful life, full of honors and years, at last sleeps
on the sunset side of the " Father of Waters."
These events following each other in rapid suc-
cession, with many others, too numerous to men-
tion, have separated almost the last living link
that binds the generation of to-day with the gen-
erations of the past. One by one these connect-
ing links have been severed, and to-day we follow
the bier of another of the veterans of the bygone
generation, who, in early years, periled his life on
the battle-fields of his country, and who spent his
expiring strength in her service.
These events stand as monitors along the path-
way of life's pilgrimage, reminding us that there
is but a breath of air and a beat of the heart be-
tween this world and the next; that the " path of
glory leads but to the grave."
"Art is long, and time is fleeting,
And our hearts, Though strong and brave,
Still, like muffled drums, aie heating
Funeral marches to the grave."
Mr. STEVENS, ofPcnnsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
another of my colleagues was expected to speak
on this occasion, but, as he is not at this moment
in the Hall, I will say just one word.
My acquaintance with the deceased was short.
It commenced with this session of Congress; but
it did not require a long acquaintance to under-
stand and appreciate his character. Such were his
candor and sincerity that his lips uttered nothing
but the convictions of his judgment, and the teach-
ings of his conscience.
Faithful to all his principles and his friends, no
one who knew him ever feared that he would de-
sert cither. When he came here he was in the
full en joyment of vigorous health. He has been
stricken down by his too great devotion to his
public duties. He was an aged man, and it may
be thought that his loss, private and public, was
less than if cut off in the vigor of manhood. It
may be so. Mr. Speaker, there are butfew in this
House who with me can appreciate the force of
that suggestion. Who can realize how unfit he
is, whose energies are paralyzed by age or dis-
ease, to mingle in the turbulent and boisterous
arena of public life? It were, perhaps, more
graceful for those who are conscious that age or'
infirmity has impaired their mental or physical
powers; who find by repeated trials that they can
no longer b^nd the 6ow of Ulysses, to retire, and
lay down the discus which they have not the
strength to hurl. But even for the least of such
there are mourners. " There is a tear for all that
die." How copiously, then, must they flow for
our departed friend, who was in the possession
of all his faculties, and surrounded by every cir-
cumstance that could render old age respectable
and comfortable—by a devoted wife ana loving
children ! For their grief there is no earthly balm.
All we can do is to assure them of our sympathy
in their affliction. Sir, it were well if all could
go to his home and look upon the thousand hon-
est faces that will there attend his funeral, and
shed tears of heart-felt grief on his humble giave.
How much more touching and instructive than
the mockery of woe which is displayed at the ob-
sequies of high officials and of princes !
Mr. FLORENCE, Clamor is hushed, strife
has ceased, and we arc engaged in the common
purpose and mournful duty of dropping a tear to
the memory of my deceased colleague. In that
purpose and duty I heartily participate.
