1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229#
there can be a general understanding that we come
to a vote; but if the discussion is to continue,
there are some remarks which I desire to offer to
the Senate; but I will not, if there is a disposition
to come to a vote, press my remarks on the Sen-
ate at this time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know that there
is any disposition to debate the question further
on this side of the House. I hope there is none;
but, of course, I am not authorized to speak for
other Senators. I should be gratified if we could
vote.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall vote this cven-
in€*
Mr. HALE. As it is suggested that the Sen-
ate is not full enough for a vote, with a common
understanding that we may take a vote to-mor-
row without any further debate, I move to post-
pone the consideration of these resolutions; and
also move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator knows that we
have a special order for to-morrow at half past
eleven o'clock—the overland mail bill.
Mr. HALE. I supposed it was understood,
by common consent, on the suggestion of the
Senator from North Carolina, that there would
be no further discussion on that side, and there
will certainly be none on this.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There may be amend-
ments offered. I have a small amendment ortwo
myself; but I do not mean to debate them. I
would rather vote now; but if to-morrow is more
agreeable, I have no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I should be glad if, by com-
mon consent, some hour could be fixed to-mor-
row to take the vote; because I am anxious to
get up an appropriation bill to-morrow.
Mr. HAL.E. Name a time.
Mr. GWIN. One o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Say one o'clock, if that is
satisfactory.
Mr. HALE. I am agreed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the understanding
that the debate is now closed upon this subject,!
shall refrain from making any rcmarkson it, either
now or to-morrow.
Mr. LANE. I have not heard all that has been
said about this agreement. I want to see this
matter ended. I desire very much to have a vote
on these resolutions. I am ready now; but I shall
claim about five minutes, or not to exceed ten
minutes, at any rate. [" Very well."]
Mr. HALE. I insist on the motion to post-
pone these resolutions for an executive session.
Mr. LANE. I desire it to be understood dis-
tinctly that I shall not want more than ten min-
utes, perhaps not more than five.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Ore-
gon goes into a speech of ten minutes, I cannot
promise that that ten minutes5 speech may not
provoke me to go into a discussion of this ques-
tion, and go into it at length; for I cannot prom-
ise myself to be bound by any five minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Wisconsin
and the Senator from Oregon desire to address
to address the Senate, probably both can address
the Senate to-day. I think wc can agree upon
some time when the vote may be taken that will
secure a general attendance, which I am sure js
the desire of every side of the House. We do
not wish to commit any of our4 friends on the
other side of the House to these resolutions in
their absence. We desire all of our own to be
present. Wc might as well now continue the de- ;
bate until every one who desires to speak shall I
.have addressed the Senate, and then fix a time at !
which we shall vote on the resolutions and any
amendments that may be offered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to have some
time devoted to the business of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the way to get at it.
Mr. HALE. By common consent last week
it was agreed that we should go into executive
session to-day; butlpostponed making themotion
until after the Senator from Texas had got through.
I suggested it, and gentlemen named their own
time. To-day was agreed to be the time for an
executive session; and I move to postpone these
resolutions for the j^urpose of going into execu-
tiev session.
Mr. GWIN. You do notname any time. Say
two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. Well, two o'clock to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doore were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Webnesd-SY, May 23, I860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LOGAN HUNTER.
Mr. HOARD, by unanimous consent, reported
back, from the Committee of Claims, the adverse
report of the Court of Claims upon the claim of
L6gan Hunter, for extra compensation for his
services as district attorney for the district of
Louisiana; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. COLFAX. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill of the Senate
to facilitate communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States by electric telegraph; upon
which thegentlcman from California [Mr. Scott]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. At the request of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I submit :
the following amendment:
In line twelve, page 1, section one, strike out the words
"some point or points west of the Mississippi river," and
insert the words, " St. Louisso that the clause as
amended would rend:
That the Secretaiyof the Treasury, under the direction
of the Pj evident ot the United States, is hereby authorized
and directed to contract with Zenas Barnutn, Thomas It.
Walker, John II. Berr}hill, Hiram Sibley, Norvm Green,
John D. Caton, Frederic A. Bee, Charles M. Stobbins, and
James S. Graham, or their aligns, or a majority of said
contractors or assigns, for the use by the Government of a
line or lines ot magnetic telegraph, to be constructed within
two years from the 31 st day of July, 1860, irom St. Louis,
by any loute or routes which the said contractors may
select.
Also, in line fortv-thrce, section one, strike out
the word " three, and insert "four;" so that
the clause would read:
J}nd provided oho, That such charges shall not execed
four dollars for a single dispatch often woids, with the
usual proportionate deductions upon dispatches of greater
length.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
amendments are not in order. Theic arc already
as many amendments pending to the bill as the
rules permit at once. The amendments, however,
will be received, if there be no objection.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. I offered the substitute, and
I accept the amendments, as I have the right
to do.
Mr. BRANCH. Has not the previous question
been ordered on this bill?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know whether the
amendment offered by thegentlcman from Massa-
chusetts has been received?
The SPEAKER. It has been received and ac-
cepted by the gentleman from Indiana, as a part
of his substitute, which is pending.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied with the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is for the House
to be satisfied, not the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. Of course, I only speak for
myself.
Mr. PvEAGAN. I desire at this point to sub-
mit an amendment, so that I may not be cut off
by the previous question. I want to amend by
striking out "St. Louis," and inserting "any
point west of the Mississippi or Missouri rivers."
The SPEAKER. That amendment would not
be in order at this time.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the consent of the House
to submit the amendment.
ENROLLED EXLLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Rills, reported as truly enrolled a bill
and resolutions of .the following1 titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
A bill (£L R. No. 499) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of tjbe fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1860.
A resolution (S. No. 6) authorizing the en-
largement and construction of a branch to the
Louisville and Portland canal;
A resolution (S. No. 28) for the relief of A.M.
Fridley, late agent of the Winnebago Indians.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH—AGAIN.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has had the kindness to give me the op-
portunity to enter an amendment to the amend-
ment proposed now. My amendment is to allow
the company to commence their line at any point
on the west bank of the Mississippi or Missouri
river, instead of from St. Louis. I offer the
amendment, so that it may be voted on when it
comes up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must be aware
that these amendments are not in order now, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand that the previ-
ous question has not been called.
Mr. COLFAX. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr, Burnett] is in the
nature of a substitute to the bill reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
We have the right to perfect the bill reported by
the committee before the question is taken on the
motion to strike out. The amendment of my
colleague on the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads is to mako the starting point at
St. Louis. The gentleman from Texas moves
to amend the amendment, so as still further to
perfect the report before the question to strikeout
recurs. In that point of view, I think that the
amendment is order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky docs not offer a substitute, but several
amendments to the original bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
read. Why should St. Louis-bo preferred in-
stead of Chicago ?
Mr. LOYEJOY. I make the amendment that
Chicago be substituted for St. Louis.
The"SPEAKER. The amendment is not now
in order.
Mr. ALLEY. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Texas.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist that
wc shall first hear what is the modification that
is proposed to be accepted. What is the amend-
ment?
Mr. ALLEY. It is as follows:
In line twelve, strike out these words: " some point or
points west of the Mississippi river," and insert "St.
Louisand in line forty-three, strike out " three" and in-
scit"four;" so that it will, m the parts proposed to be
amended, lead as follows:
The Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction of
the Piesidem of the United States, is hereby authonzed
and directed to contract with Zenas Bamum, Thomas 11.
Walker, John II. Berryhill, Hiram Sibley, Norvin Green,
John D. Caton, Frederic A. Bee, Charles M. Stebbms, anu
James S. Graham, or their assigns, or a majority of said
contractors or assigns, for the use by the Government of a
line or lines of magnetic telegraph, to be constructed within
two years from the 31st day of July, 1860, from St. Louis
by any route or routes which the said contractors may se-
lect. (connecting at such point or points by telegraph with
the cities of Washington, New Orleans, New York,Charles-
ton, Philadelphia. Boston, and other cities in the Atlantic,
southei n, and wpstern Status,) to the city ol San Francisco,
in the State of California: Jitul provided also, That such
charges shall not exceed-four dollars for a single dispatch
of ten words, with the usual proportionate deductions upon
dispatches of greater length.
Mr. REAGAN. My amendment has been ac-
cepted as a modification by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] and my amendment
is entitled to be included in the amendment when
read by the Clerk.
A Member. What is your amendment?
Mr. REAGAN. That the line shall start on
any point on the west bank of the Mississippi
or Missouri river.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see how,
under the rules, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts can accept the amendment of the gentleman
from Texas.
Mr. ALLEY. I dislike very much to trouble
the House with any remarks on this bill at thia
time, I see how impatient members are to have
