2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
a vote; and after what I said the other day, I do
not feel inclined to say another word on the sub-
ject. 1 certainly would not have opened my lips
on this occasion but for the remarks made yes-
terday, which, I believe, have placed this measure
in a wrong light before the House. If, now,
after what has been said on the other side, I
failed to say a word in behalf of this bill, I should
feel that I was recreant to my convictions of duty.
With the permission of the House, I will briefly
restate some of the points of the bill, and then
try to answer the objections made to it yester-
day.
Mr. Speaker, the first question that arises is,
whether we want telegraphic communication be-
tween the Atlantic States and the Pacific coast ?
Is that communication necessary? There is not a
member of this House, I trust, who will not con-
cede that such communication is of vast import-
ance to the commercial, the agricultural, and the
manufacturing interests of the country, to say
nothing of the vast benefit which the Government
itself must derive from a line of telegraphic com-
munication between the Atlantic States and the
Pacific slope. This conceded, the question arises,
how shall the object be best effected? In my
judgment, it cannot be effected for years to come,
except by the passage of this bill.
I know, sir, that there is an air of plausibility
in the arguments of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Burnett,] and in the amendments
that he has proposed, which makes it necessary
to present to this House the arguments upon the
other side. In the first place, he contends that
this is a great monopoly; and that it will prevent
the erection of any other line, for ten years to come,
between here and California. That is not so, sir.
The gentleman is entirely mistaken. The bill
confers no exclusive privilege upon this company
whatever; but it merely grants it the right of way,
which will be granted, of course, to any company
that may wish it, to erect another line for tele-
graphic communication.
It seems to me, on the contrary, it prevents a
monopoly, for it merely agrees to pay to this
company $40,Q0Q a year for doing certain Gov-
ernment service which, all admit, is worth to the
Government several times that amount. For this
they grant no exclusive privilege to the company
whatever; but, as a condition precedent, they re-
quire the company to relinquish, for the benefit of
the Government and the public, valuable prerog-
atives and privileges which they would nndoubt- i
edly possess, if not relinquished by them for the '
sake of this subsidy. For this $(40,000, which
nobody pretends the Government will not iceene
its quid pro quo Toy, it relinquishes the right to
charge to the public over a specific sum; to give
the Government priority in the transmission of
messages, and place all others upon an equal foot-
ing; to transmit, for several public institutions
and purposes, messages without cost. The Gov-
ernment also reserves the right to grant the right
of way to any company that may hen-after desire
to erect a telegraph line. Can it be said, then, with
any fairness, that wc are gran tmga monopoly15 No,
sir. It may with more propriety, m my judg-
ment, be said that this is a bill to prevent monop-
oly and exclusive privileges.
It is further objected, Mr. Speaker, that the bill
grants a quarter section of the public land eveiy
fifteen miles. It is a mistake; not an inch of land
is granted to the company, but the bill only grant*-,
the right of way for ten years, and no longer h
grants the privilege to the company to occupy a
quarter section of land every fifteen miles, for the
purpose of erecting stations, houses, tic., and for
no other purpose. It cannot be said, with any
fairness, that this is a monopoly, it cannot be
said that the right is granted to the company to
any quarter section of land. It provides expli-
citly that the company, its agents, seivants, or
anybody connected with it, shall not have the
right of preemption to enter any land along the
line of the telegraph.
If the amendments of the gentleman from Ken- 1
tucky be adopted, they will have the effect, m my
judgment, to kill the bill. And why? Because 1
this eompany, to whom this right of way is r
granted, to which it is proposed to give tins 1
#40,000 .subsidy, possess nearly all the patents, I
and they are so situated, being the owner of all 1
the telegraph lines upon this side of the conti- :
nent, that the inducement for them to build this
line is very great, when no other company can do
it. The committee investigated this matter fully,
and I believe many of the members of the com-
mittee were at first in1 favor of throwing it open to
competition; and it was not until they ascertained
that unless it was given to this eompany the line
would not be built, for the reason that they owned
all the patents but one; and for the additional rea-
son that the expense of the construction of such
a line, and of keeping it in order, was so great as
to make it impossible for any other company to
build it upon such favorable terms, that they
came to the conclusion, finally, to give it to this
company.
It is important to these parties to have a tel-
egraphic line to the Pacific, for the purpose, if
no other, of feeding their lines already m opera-
tion upon this side and the other; for if this line,
at an estimated cost of §600,000, with the cost of
operating at §150,000 perannum, should transmit
fifty thousand messages at three dollars per mes-
sage, and allowing the $40,000 subsidy for depre-
ciation, it will be seen that, upon such a basis, it
would not pay a farthing of interest upon the cap-
ital invested. Now, Mr. Speaker, while this would
be ruinous to any other party, this company could
live by it, for the reason that all these messages
would have to be transmitted over the other lines,
which they own,to different sectionsof theUnion,
and the additional profits which would accrue to
their lines m this manner would offset a large lass
which they might be liable to on this line. There-
fore it is that I say, that in my judgment no other
parties can afford to undertake it m competition
with these gentlemen; and the failure of this bill
consequently destroys all prospect of a telegraphic
line to the Pacific for the present, or for several
years to come.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the gentleman
to state that, unless the grant is made to the
parties named in this bill, it will be impossible
to have aline of telegraph constructed at all be-
tween this and the Pacific coast. I desire to ask
the gentleman if it is not a fact that, without the
aid of one dollar from the Government, in any
way whatever, this same company arc now erect-
ing a line of telegraph from this to the Pacific
coaxl, eight hundred miles of which is already
completed ?
Mr. ALLEY. I wilt answer the gentleman
from Kentucky. If he had waited a menu nt lon-
ger, he would have had an answer without put-
ting that question to me, as I was just coming to
that point in the ease, it is true that a tew mem-
bers of this company have commenced this line,
and have contracted for a portion of the wire, be-
lieving that Congress would enact this bill into a
law; and it would not have been done, had they
not wo believed.
Hut 1 do not urge that as a reason why this bill
should become n law; and if it does not com-
mend itself to the judgment of Congress, it ought
not to be passed. But the expectation that it
would become a law was the reason why they
have gone on and made contracts for a poition of
the wire, and commenced woik upon that line.
They thought they had assurances Horn members
of Congress which were eertainly so strong in
th"ir favor a^ to induce them to go on and make
these expendUures. Some of the individuals of
the company refused absolutely to move :\ single
inch or to contribute a single dollar to this work
already commenced. And I presume, if this bill
is not passed, the construction of that line will
not be continued; and it will not be completed
until they have the aid of Congress. 1 do
know that many of these gentlemen had not con-
sented to anything being done in their names;
but individual members of the company, upon
their own responsibility, having a large interest
at stake at the other end of the line, have gone on
and made some contracts for the purchase of a
portion of the wire, &c.
JNow, 1 ask, if it is fair, if it is right, if it com-
mends itself to the good judgment of Congress;
and if these men, with the full belief that Congress
would sanction the report of the committee, and
enact this bill into a law, have gone on, m anti-
cipation' of the action of Congress, to the consum- 1
mation of this great enterprise—I ask, if that act
should now be urged as a reason why they should
be stricken down and involved in irretrievable
ruin ? I say it is a great enterprise, commending
itself to the judgment of every candid man in the
country; and it is an enterprise of so much mag-
nitude and importance that they had the right, in
view of the action of the Senate, and the action
thus far of this body, to conclude that, in ail human
probability, it would receive the sanction of Con-
gress. And if a portion of them have gone on in
that belief, and embarked their whole fortune in
this enterprise, I say that such a fact is no argu-
ment against this bill, and it ought not to be used
upon this floor against these gentlemen, to their
detriment and ruin-
But the gentleman from Kentucky says this
line will be completed whether Congress grant
anything or not. I believe, and I think I may say
I know, that he speaks without authority.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says that these gentlemen have a right,
from the action of the Senate and of the House,
to expect governmental aid. JNow I ask him
whether it is not a fact that these private individ-
uals, upon their own responsibility, having first
foimed a partneiship or combination for the pur-
pose of erecting a line of telegraph to the Pacific
coast, have not gone on with that work, and wheth-
er that work was not commenced anterior to any
action upon the part of the Senate ?
Again, I desire to know what claim private in-
dividuals, who see fit to embark their capital in
any private enterprise, have toabonus out of the
Treasury of £40,000 a year?
Air. ALLEY. I will answer the gentleman.
I do not say, and do not wish to be understood
as saying, that Congress ought to grant anything
to these individuals except upon the merits of the
case. If they have gone on and laid out money
anticipating the favorable action of Congress upon
their bill, it is their business and not ours, and I
am the last man in this House to predicate an ar-
gument upon such a reason. But I say that their
having done so is no argument against them,
and it ought not to be biought in here to their
injury.
I do not desire to detain the House for any
length of tune, though I have very much I would
like to say.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to yield to me tin floor
afew minutes, as a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. If it be understood
that those who arc opposed to the bill shall have
an opportunity to express their views, 1 shall
have no objection to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yielding the floor to the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will, for one,
give every chance in the world to those who are
opposed to the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But I shall object
to the friends of the bill tanning out the floor to
those who are opposed to the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I trust that my colleague will
move the pr< vious question upon this bill. It is
now time for action, and not for talking.
Air. SCOTT. 1 was entitled to the lloor yes-
terday, and f claim to be heard to-day. I think
1 have the right*to demand that I shall be heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Air. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 understand that
the gentleman from Massachusetts yields to me.
Mr. LOVEJOY, and Mr. SMITH of Virginia, •
objected.
Air. CRAIG, of Alissouri. Then will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts yield to me uncondi-
tionally ?
Me. ALLEY. I cannot. 1 know that the
other members of the committee desire to have
this matter brought to a close, and I therefore
feel under obligation to terminate this debate at
the earliest practicable moment.
I have one word to say to the gentleman from
Virginia. He complains that we interfere with
the rights of the opponents of this bill by calling
the previous question, and thereby cutting of! ail
debate upon the otln r side. Sir, the debate has
been entirely confined to the other side, and 1 had
