1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
LIEUTENANT ROBERT CUNNINGHAM.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Lieutenant Robert
Cunningham; which wa? read a first and sccond
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
MARY SIIERCLIFF.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Mary Slier-
cliff, widow of John Shercliffi which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report,ordered to be printed.
THOMAS CRAWFORD.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the ease of Thomas
Crawford*, which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
THOMAS .GLASGOW.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to
Thomas Glasgow; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ELIZA REEVES.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, also
reported abill granting an invalid pension to Eliza
Reeves; which was read a first and sccond time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
TVILLIAM K. BLAIR.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, also
reported back the petition of William I£. Blair,
and asked that the Committee on Instil id Pen-
sions be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the same bo referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
It was so ordered.
HENRY FEDLER.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Henry Fudicr; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
A. W. FLEMING.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of A. W. Fleming;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, tfnd, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM PIERCY.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of William Picrcy;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JANE B. EVANS.
Mr. BURNHAM. X am instructed by the
Committee on Patents to report a bill for the relief
of Jane B. Evans, and to ask that it shall receive
its several readings and be passed.
The bill was read a first and second tinHc. It
provides for the extension of the patent granted
to Cadwalader Evans, for an improvement in
steam boilers and apparatus to be used on board
steamboats to prevent the explosion of boilers,
for seven years from the loth of April, 1860, for
the benefit of Jane B. Evans, his widow, her
heirs and assignees.
Mr. HOARD. I object to that bill being put
upon its passage.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House re-
solve itself into aCommittee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. . I believe the morning
hour hos expired.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina is in order.
Mr. WHITELEY. I would ask if a single
objection prevents a bill from being put upon its
passage when it contains no appropriation?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Air. WHITELEY. Then the motion of the
gentleman from Connecticut, to put the bill upon
its passage, in in order. *
Mr. TAPPAN. There are a few more reports
to be made. I hope we shall go on and receive
them.
Mr. WINSLOW. They can be received to-
morrow.
Mr. WHITELEY. How did the gentleman
from North Carolina get the fioor to make his
motion ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina is in order.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The question was taken on Mr. Winslow's
motion; and it was agreed to; and the House
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
House, (Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hold that
adverse reports are not for consideration to-day;
but, under the rules of the House, bills must be
considered to which no objection shall be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. Docs the Chair refer to all
adverse reports, or to those only from the Court
of Claims?
The CHAIRMAN. Adverse reports from the
Court of Claims are notto be considpred to-day.
This is "objection day,"and the committee will
consider the bills upon the Calendar to which no
objection shall be made.
'Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest, if there
is no objection, that the adverse reports from the
Court of Claims might be laid aside, to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that they
be concurred in.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think we had better go
on in the regular order.
The committee then proceeded to consider the
bills and joint resolutions in their order on the
Calendar.
COMMANDER II. J. HARTSTENE.
A resolution (S. No. 31) for the relief of Com-
mander H. J. Hartstene, of the United States
Navy. The resolution directs the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to illow and pay the sum of
$3,008 60 to Commander H.J. Hartstene, on ac-
count of extra expenses incurred by him in restor-
ing the bark Resolute.
Mr. HOUSTON. Read the report.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report accom-
panying the resolution.
There being no objection to the joint resolution,
it was laid aside, to he reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
ANSON DART.
A bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson
Dart. [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
A bill (H. R. No. 89) to liquidate the unad-
justed contracts of the Tennessee river improve-
ments. [Objected to by Mr. Tompkins.]
WILLIAM BROWN.
A bill (H. R. No. 229) for the relief of William
Brown.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to William Brown, for property taken for
the use of the United States troops in the war of
3812, $500, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The report was read. The evidence shows the
claimant to have been a man of means during the
war of 1812, and that he was liberal in his efforts
to sustain the honor and credit of his country.
His losses were evidently heavy; but, under prin-
ciples laid down by the committee in a number of
cases already decided, the Government cannot be
held liable for these losses. The testimony, how-
ever, shows that Mr. Brown surrendered for the
use of the troops, on demand of officers of the
Government, a wagon, two horses, and certain
goods; which were reasonably worth, at the time,
the gum of $500, and this the committee think is a
fair charge against the Government.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
LYDIA FRAZEE.
A bill (C. C. No. 93) for the relief of Lydia Fra-
zee, widowand administratrix of John Frazee, late
of the city of New York.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Lydia Frazee, widow and administratrix
of John Frazee, late of the city of-New York, the
sum of $2,868; bcingin full for the services of John
Frazee,as architect and superintendent of the New
York custom-house, from the 3d of March, 1841,
to the 21st of May, 1842.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
John Frazee Was employed by proper authority
as the architect and superintendentof the custom-
house in New York, at a compensation of nine
dollars a day. On the 5th of December, 1840, he
was dismissed from that employment, and on
the 3d of March, 1841, he was reinstated in it.
He continued to perform the duties of architect
and superintendent from the day last mentioned
till the completion of the custom-house, some time
in the spring or summer of the year 1842. The
precise time when the custom-house was finished
being uncertain, Mr. Duryea stating it to be early
in the spring, and Mr. Lannitz in the summer of
1S42, we have adopted the day stated by the de-
cedent on oath; first, because it is so stated, and
second, because it is about intermediate between
the period stated by Mr. Duryea and that stated
by Mr. Lannitz. The petitioner claims that the
deccdent was entitled to compensation from the
5th of December, 1840, till the 3d of March, 1841,
as well as afterwards; but our opinion is that he
did not, during that interval, perform the duties,
of architect and superintendent. This is obvious
from the report of the deputy naval officer and
surveyor.
On the other hand, it is objected that after the
IstofMay, 1841, thedeccdentservedgratuitously.
It is plain that lie malle an offer to do so, but it
seems to us to be equally plain that his offer was
never accepted. Moreover, the just inference
from the evidence is, that if it had been accepted,
then, upon an arrangement for that purpose being
formally made, two conditions would have been
annexed: first, that his pay from December 5,1840,
till March 3, 1841, should have b<*en made good
to him; and second, that the work should be com-
pleted on or before the 1st of August, 1841. Our
opinion is that there never was any definite and
bindingarrangement for him to serve gratuitously.
The Secretary of the Treasury took no notice of
the offer made by him for this purpose. In this re-
spect he acted wisely. If the United States needed
the services of the decedent, justice, as well as
public policy, required that they should make him
a fair and reasonable compensation therefor. If
they did not need his services, then he ought not
to have been employed.
The opinion of the committee is that the dece-
dent was entitled to compensation, at the rate of
nine dollars a day, from the 3d of March, 1841,
till the 21st of May, 1842, subject to a deduction
of $522, the amount found due by the selectcom-
mittee, under the act of Congress approved May
18, 1842, (5 Statutes at Large, p. 485, ch. 29, No.
179,) and of thirty-nine dollars for articles made
for the decedent at the custom-house. For three
hundred and eighty-one days, at nine dollars a
day, $3,429, subject to a deduction of the aggre-
gate ofthe two sums just mentioned, $561, leav-
ing a balance of $2,868.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARIANO G. VALLEJO.
A bill (C. C. No. 92) for the relief of Mariano
G. Vallpjo.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Mariano G. Yallcjo, in full for the oc-
cupation by the troops of the United States of a
building on the square of Sonoma, in California,
from May 30, 1848, to August, 1853, the sum of
$8,800.
The report was read. It shows that on the 4th
of August, 1846, the United States, then at war
with Mexico, took possession of a building on the
square of Sonoma, called in the evidence the cuar-
tel, or barracks; it was at this time in the posses-
sion of the Revolutionists in California, known as
the " Bear party/' and had previously been in the
occupation of Mexican troops under tne command
of the petitioner as military commandant of the
district. Munitions of war belonging to Mexico,
and three hundred horses, branded with different
brands, were found in the barracks and captured
by our troops. The United States occupied the
barracks as soldiers' quarters from August 4,
1846, (Record, p. 103,) to the 16th of August,
1848,* (R., p, 35.) They were then left by theUni-
