1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bif
party than you can at the South; and wc can mus-
ter more with the cartridge-box, too, if it should
become necessary to resort to that to defend your
constitutional rights, or the constitutional rights
of any portion of the Confederacy.
Within the Union, a million northern men are
ready to stand or fall with you in such a cause;
but a corporal's guard would not go with you out
of the Union because of the mere election of an
objectionable man to the presidential chair.
I believe there are not many of you—and I am
glad to believe it—who contemplate such an at-
tempt for that cause alone; but to those who do,
I respectfully submit—and I speak of the expe-
diency alone—that to make a stand upon such a
point would only aggravate the evils of which you
complain, and might be a grievous if not fatal
error. It would tend to divide your own section,
and alienate your million and a quarter of voting
friends in the North; would probably result in
their and your own discomfiture, and would ren-
der powerless, or greatly weaken, your efforts,
should that time of real danger from overt acts ever
come, when it would be your imperative duty to
exercise that right which is reserved to every peo-
ple, when evils becofrie too grievous to be longer
tolerated.
That time has not yet come, and I trust in God
it may never come.
"With one other remark, I will conclude all 1
have to say at present. I have forborne to trouble
the House with any remarks in vindication of my
own course upon the Lecompton controversy in
a personal point of view. I can afford to cxer-
cise a great deal of charity towards those who
have seen proper to call it in question, but I may
ask the House to indulge me with some remarks
upon that subject in the course of the session.
God knows that I was actuated throughout by a
smccrc desire to do what was best for the peace
and prosperity of my country; and, having the
approval of my own conscience, I had nothing
more to desire but the approval of my constit-
uents, to whom alone was I responsible for my
acts here. This approval they gave me in the
most enthusiastic and flattering manner, return-
ing me here by the largest majority given any
Democratic member of the State; and the largest
ever given in my own district, except-to myself
on one previous occasion. To them I owe a debt
of gratitude, which will only fade from my mem-
ory when I cease to live.
Mr. HICKMAN. I just wish to announce
that Mr. Haskin, of New York, to whom the
honorable gentleman from Indiana has made ref-
erence, is absent from the city, having paired off
with Mr. Wright, of Tennessee, till Friday at
twelve o'clock. I ask the gentleman to note this
remark in the body of his speech.
Mr. ENGLISH. I should be sorry to think,
sir, that I had said anything the gentleman from
New York could deem offensive, especially as lie
is not present; and certainly nothing of the kind
was intended.
Mr. HICKMAN. No; but I wish it may ap-
pear in the gentleman's speech that Mr. Haskin-
was not present.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. For the grat-
ification of gentlemen who arc anxious to obtain
the floor, I will remark that it is not my purpose
to occupy the attention of the House but for a
very few minutes. I do not propose, 011 this occa-
sion, to present the views I entertain in reference
to the agitating questions now pressing with such
fearful force upon the public mind, producing
such alarm and forebodings respecting the sta-
bility of our institutions and the continuance of
.this Confederacy. I shall seek to avail myself
of an early opportunity to do so after the organ-
ization of the House, if such an event shall ever
transpire. [Laughter.] But, sir, I rise simply
for the purpose of presenting a memorial which
I have received from a committee appointed by a
number of mail contractors in this city. I now
ask for its reading.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I suppose
it is simply to be read for information,and not to
be received as a memorial by the House.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. Certainly.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, December 28, 1839.
To the Members clect of the House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress r
Honored Sirs : At a meeting ot mail contractors, repre-
senting obligations of the (Hovcrnmont to the amount of
nearly two million dollars, contracted on accouht of mail
service, held ni this city this morning, the following pre-
amble and resolutions were adopted :
Whereas, an organization of the House of Representa-
tives, alter more than three weeks have been spent in fruit-
less attempts to attain that object, seems as remote as ever;
and, whereas, obligations of mail contractors for large
amount* mature from the 1st to the 15th day of the ap-
proaching month of January: Therefore—
Resolved, That we most respectfully memorialize the
Representatives of the Thirty- Sixth Congress that they
speedily adopt measures that will enable us to meet our
liabilities coming due on the 1st of January next, and enable
us to continue the mail service of the country in accord-
ance with our several contracts.
Resolved, That II. W. Younger, A. I>. H. Crenshaw, G. H.
Giddings, I. C. Bernan, and Andrew Stuart, be a commit-
tee to communicate the proceedings of this meeting to the
members elect of the House of Representatives.
On motion, adjourned.
E. S. ALVORD, Chairman.
B. F. Ficklin, Secretary.
The undersigned, in pursuance of the duty devolved on
them, most respectfully submit the foregoing for your eon-
bideiation.
H. W. YOUNGER,
A. L. II. CRENSHAW,
G. II. GIDDINGS,
I. C. BERN AN,
ANDREW STUART,
Committee.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouw. Mr. Clerk,
the memorial just read informs us that there arc
a number of gentlemen in this city, to whom this
Government is indebted to the amount of nearly
two million dollars. They are men who have
been engaged in the public service of the country
for the last twelve months without having re-
ceived any compensation whatever from the Gov-
ernment, as I am informed. The services which
they stipulated to render to the Government, we
are informed by the President of the United States
in his message, and by the Postmaster General
in his report, have been performed upon the part
of those men with fidelity. We have been told
thai every engagement they have entered into with
the Government, with scarcely an exception, has
been complied with. But, in consequence of the
failure upon the part of the Government to com-
ply with its obligations, i am informed that these
men have been compelled, in many instances, to
dispose of the Government scrip at great dis-
count; and, in other instances, forced to borrow
money at exorbitant and disastrous rates of inter-
est. They now appeal to the Representatives of
the people here assembled to organize the House,
in order to grant them some relief. It is evident
that no relief can be obtained until after the or-
ganization of the House These men have left
their homes, their families, and their business,
and have come here at this inclement season of
the year, knocking at the door of the Tieasury,
demanding that this gieat Government shall per-
form the obligations entered into with them. They
inform us that, unless something is donoforthem,
they must be sacrificed; that they have already
sustained great losses—in many instances an ir-
reparable injury—and many of them can only be
saved from utter rum by the speedy action of this
House.
Sir, I am willing, upon my part, to make any
sacrifice demanded in order to save from ruin and
distress this class of our fellow-citizens, who are
as worth y and enterprising as any in this land—a
class of citizens who have labored faithfully and
assiduously for this Government during the last
twelve months without receiving any compensa-
tion therefor. Are we willing that the plighted
faith of this Government shall remain longer un-
redeemed ?
It seems to me that these considerations ought
to operate upon the members of this House to
induce them to make some sacrifice in order to
effect an organization. Will we do it? What
sacrifices are we ready to make? Are we prepared
to sacrifice our political prejudices and animosities
under the existing circumstances r If so, then we
can organize this House. Sir, the people through-
out the entire length and breadth of the land are
aware that no one party here opposed to the Black
Republican party have sufficient independent
strength to organize it. There must be compro-
mise and concession upon the part of the discord-
ant elements opposed to the Black Republican
party if any organization is ever to take place.
It is known by every member upon this floor,
that it is not expected" by our constituents or the
country at large that wc shall select a man who
corresponds, in his opinions or political senti-
ments, in every respect, with all of us. Why,
then, can wc not, in a spirit of concession and
compromise, agree upon some man and placeHia
in the Speaker's chair? Why not, acting inde-
pendently of all other considerations, unite for
the purpose of relieving these creditors of the
Government, and defeating the Black Republican
party, and organize this House, arid organize it
speedily?
The eyes of the people arc fastened upon us here
to-day with the mostintense interest. There never
was a period in the history of this country when
the American people felt a deeper or more intense
interest in the action of their Representatives upon
this floor than they do to-day. If the organization
of this House shall fall into the hands of the Re-
publican party, it will tend to widen the breach
thatalready exists between the North and South,
to dampen the hopes of every patriot, and increase,
instead of diminishing, the existing agitation. It
will be admitted, I presume, by a majority of the
members of the House, that, unless the principles
and policy of the Republican party are arrested,
they must ultimately bring about a dissolution"of
this Union, or a civil and servile war. We have-
it in our power, within twenty minutes after I
shall have concluded my remarks, by a combined,
united effort of the elements of the opposition to
the Republican party in this House, to elect a
Speaker, organize the House, and proceed to the
legitimate and pressing legislation of the country.
Will we do it ? That is the question; and the only
response that can be made by many members
upon this floor to this interrogatory is, that they
are unwilling to vote for any man whose political
opinions do not exactly coincide with theirs. Mr.
Clerk, is this the spirit of liberality and conces-
sion that should be manifested by men who arc
engaged in fighting a common enemy—an enemy
the most destructive and ruinous in its policies
and principles of any that has ever existed since
the foundation of this Government? If gentlemen
here are determined that they will not vote for any
man whose political opinions or sentiments do not
coincide with their own in reference to the past,
present, or future policy of the Government, then
it is useless for the Opposition here to make any
further attempt to organize this House. Then we
take upon ourselves the responsibility of arresting
the legislation of this country; and, sir, fearful is
that responsibility now.
Mr. Clerk, the people everywhere throughout
this country are demanding that we should make
all the sacrifices necessary on our part in order to
secure the organization of this House by the elec-
tion of a national man. My political principles
are as firmly fixed as those of any gentleman upon
this floor; J adhere to them as closely; but, sir,
to relieve myself from all responsibility before my
constituents and the country, in reference to the
organization of this House, I say now that I am
willing, from the present necessity of the case, to
vote for any man belonging to any organization
in this House opposed to the Black Republican
party upon whom there is any probability of
uniting so as to secure the election of a Speaker.
I am willing to make even a temporary sacrifice
of political principle, if it bo necessary, to effect
an organization. The peace and interests of the
country imperatively demand it.
Sir, it is true, that from the day we assembled
here, I voted persistently, during eight or nine
days, for the nominee of the Democratic party.
And here permit me to remark, that 1 belong to
none of the political organizations in this House;
I am outside of them all. I have been elected by
an independent and an intelligent constituency,
who have confided their interests to me, with the
right on my part to exercise my own judgment
in reference to everything that concerns their in-
terest and the welfare'of this great Union. I am
here bound by no organization; I have attended no
political caucus; but, sir, nevertheless, I entertain
principles and policy of government dear to me,
and to which I cling with as much tenacity as any
gentleman upon this floor does to his. As ihave re-
marked already, 1 voted persistently, duringeight
or ten days, for the nominee of the Democratic
party. Why? Because I believed, upon every
principle of fairness and justice and liberality, that
party was entitled to the organization. It presented
to us a distinguished gentleman, aman whose prin-
ciples and intelligence gave us an assurance that he
would fill the Speaker's chair with impartiality
