1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1337
ted States, and came into the possession and oc-
cupancy of the petitioner, (R., pp. 88, 93.) In the
month of June, 1849, (R.,p. 44,) they were again
occupied by the soldiers of the United States, and
continuously thereafter until the 8th of January,
1852, when they were delivered in charge to Mr.
Bartlett, an agent of the United States, (R., p.
44,) appointed by the United States chief quar-
termaster for the Pacific division, and they re-
mained in the use of the quarteanaster's depart-
ment until August, 1853, (Sol. brief, p. 13.)
The petitioner alleges that the premises thus
occupied by the United States belonged to him;
and he claims to be paid for such occupancy as
follows: Prom July, 1846, to July, 1848, twenty-
four months, at §200, ^4,800; from July, 1848, to
July, 1851, thirty-six months, at $300, $10,800;
from July, 1851, to August, 1853, twenty-five
months, at ^200, $5,000; total, $20,600. Upon all
the evidence, it is considered that a reasonable
rent to be paid by the United States is $250 per
month from June, 1849, to July, 1851, and $200
per month for the other portions of their occu-
pancy after May 30, 1848, thus; from May 30,
1848, to November 16,1848, five and a half months,
at f'JOO per month, §1,100; from June, 1849, to
July, 1851, twenty-six months, at §250 per month,
$6,500; from July, 1851, to August, 1853, twenty-
five months, at §200 per month, $5,000; total,
$12,GOO. The Committee of Claims report that,
after ar. examination of all the testimony submitted
to the court, they are of the opinion that the allow-
ance of the sum of §12,600 is an extravagant one,
and not justified by the evidence. The following
allowance appears to them to be not only fair
under the proof, but liberal: rent from May 30,
1848, to November 16, 1848, at $200 per month,
$1,100; rent from June, 1849, to July, 1851, at
$200 per month, $5,200; rent from July, 1851, to
August, 1853, at $100, per month, $2,500; total,
$8,800. And they therefore report back the bill
fro'm the Court of Claims, with an amendment, to
strike out " twelve thousand six hundred," and
insert " eight thousand eight hundred."
The amendment reported by the Committee of
Claims was agreed to; and the bill, as amended,
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a i-ecommendation that it do pass.
SHADE CALLOWAY.
A bill (H. R. 230) for the relief of Shade Cal-
loway. .
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
to allow and pay out of the Treasury to Shade
Calloway the sum of $1,350, for work done by
him on the Tennessee river, under his contract
with Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. McClellan,
dated September 16, 1853, according to the ac-
count approved and certified by tlie agent placed m
charge of the work at the death of the officer.
It appears, from the report, that on the 16th of
September, 1853, the petitioner made a contract
wtth Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. McClellan,
topographical engineers, then in charge of the im-
provement of the Tennessee river, for the con-
struction of a dam at the head of Ross s Island, to
be two feet high and two huudred yards long, for
which he was to be paid $1,500. The dam was
to be completed by the 30th November, 1853, "if
the high water docs not prevent."
The contractor commenced work on the dam,
but the high water prevented its completion dur-
ing the fall of 1853. In the following summer, as
soon as the condition of the river would permit,
he resumed the work and constructed onehundred
and eighty yards of the dam in strict compliance
with the tenns of the contract. At this stage of
the work, in August, 1854, Colonel McClellan or-
dered it to be suspended, for the reason that the
appropriation made- by Congress was not suffi-
cient to complete it. (Colonel McClellan died on
the 1st September, 1854, without having reported
to the Department the condition of the work done
under the said contract; the Secretary of War
appointed R. W. W. Byrd, who had been an as-
sfstan Hinder Colonel McClellan, to take charge of
and close "the accounts and affairs connected
with the improvement of the Tennesseec nver.]
This officer duly approves and certifies the peti-
tioner's account for §1,350, which is the propor-
tional amount due for the work done in pursu-
ance of the contract. This certificate is append-
ed to this report. The affidavits of Samuel C.
Davis, James Le welling, John Long, and John
Finley, fully prove the faithful execution of the
work according to the terms of the contract; and
the official certificate of Mr. Byrd and the testi-
mony of J. E.S. Blackwell, one of the commis-
sioners of the United States appointed for this
very work, establish the fact that no payment was
made to Calloway, or to any other person for him.
But this latter fact also sufficiently appears in the
accounts of the work, for it is not claimed that
any payment was made.
In the letter of the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury, dated November 19, 1855, all the material
facts of the case are admitted, but the certificate
of the agent of the United States, R. W. W. Byrd,
is discredited, because not sworn to, and for the
reason that Colonel McClellan's reports to the
Department do not give information of this par-
ticular part of the work under his charge. This
omission, however, is fully accounted for by the
sudden death of that officer, which took place
very soon after lie had ordered the work to be
suspended. But the objections of the Auditor are
based chiefly upon the absence of proof, and it is
due to him to state that the affidavits appended to
the report were not before him, as their dates will
show. It is apparent, from the Auditor's letter,
that the condition of the appropriation fully justi-
fied the contract at the time the latter was made,
and during the progress of the work. The con-
tractor had no meansof ascertaining the condition
of the funds, and perhaps even the officer in charge
himself could not accurately proportion the dif-
ferent parts of the improvement to the sum in
hand; but there can be 110 good reason why this
bill alone should remain unpaid. The claim of
of the petitioner is the following:
The United States to Shade Calloway, Dr.
(On account of Tennessee river improvements.)
For building one handled and eighty yards of dam at
Boss's Island, in Tennessee river #1,350.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ISAAC S. SHITII.
A bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, New York.
The bill appropriates, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$17,743 77 to be paid to Isaac S. Smith, of Syra-
cuse, New York, for his work and labor bestowed,
for materials furnished,and forexpenscs incurred,
in attempting to build for the United States a light-
house on the Horse-Shoe reef, in the Niagara
river, near Fort Erie, in the province of Canada.
It appears, S:om the report of the committee,
which was read, that the petitioner claims com-
pensation for losses sustained by him by reason
of the termination 011 the part of the Government
of a contract made by him with the United States
to constiuct a light-house on Horse-Shoe reef, in
the Niagara river, near Port Kric, in the State of
New York; that, in 1851, Congress appropriated
$45,000 for the erection of a light-house on this
reef; that, in the same year, the petitioner ad-
dressed a letter to the then Secretary of the Treas-
ury, proposing to construct for the Government
a foundation and light-house thereon, in conform-
ity to certain drawings and descriptions thereto an-
nexed; that on the ikh of November, 1851,Smith
entered into articles of agreement with William
Ketchum, Esq., collector of customs and superin-
tendent of lights at Buffalo, in behalf of the United
States, for the constructionof the said light-house,
on a plan devised by the petitioner, submitted to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by
him. By the terms of the contract, the whole
price to be paid to him for the materials and build-
in" the light-house was $40,000; but in view of
the novelty of the plan, and to secure, the Gov-
ernment against loss, if the structure should not
be built so as to resist the force of the winds, the
currents of the river, and the ice, it was stipu-
lated that the Government should pay to Mr.
Smith, on the completion of the house, ' to the
satisfaction of such person as should be appointed
     find
ther sum 01 wuuiu ...
wards, if, in the mean time, the work should be
found to have successfully withstood the effects
of the ice, winds, and storms, but not otherwise;
it beino- a part of said agreement that the first pay-
men t should be in full discharge of the said con-
tract if the work should have received essential
damage from the causes aforesaid, or should ex-
hibit any deficiency in its construction.
It appears that Mr. Smith immediately com-
menced the erection of the work; but that m con-
sequence of the cold weather setting in, he was
unable to make any progress until the summer
following, when he discovered that ho and the
engineers of the Government were entirely mis-
taken in reference to the rocky character of the
reef. Instead of finding it a solid rock, he exca-
vated to the depth of eleven and one half feet into
the substance of the reef, to a point about nine-
teen feet below the surface of the water, without
coming to rock; but findinlponly boulders, gravel,
shells, and sand. Immediately 011 discovering
that there was no rock at practicable depth below
the water, M r. Smith, on the 23d of August, 1852,
applied for, and obtained from the Secretary of
the Treasury, an extension of the time, and also
a modification of the plan of construction; which
extension, dated August 28, 1852, concludes in
these words: " If Mr. Smith concludes to pro-
gress with the work, agreeable to the above, the
additional time he may require will be granted."
The evidence in the case shows that the petitioner
is not chargeable with negligence in the prosecu-
tion of the work after the time was extended, as
above stated. Indeed, the testimony of Captain
Benham, the engineer in charge of this work, to
the probity, diligence, and energy of the petitioner,
is so strong and full, and, in the opinion of the
committee, so just, that they extract it from his
letter to the Secretary of the Treasury of August
27, 1852, as follows:
" I would only add that I t.'tftc great pleasure In giving
my te-timony to Mr. Smith's evident honesty of purpose in
this matter; to the deshe lie has constantly shown to con- "
struct the work ot the best materials, and in tile strongest
manner; and tohis untiring industry and perseverance; all
of which would lead me to recommend, should ilis plan be
deemed feasible upon such a site as this one appeals to
be, any reasonable indulgence as to the extension of time
that he may desire."
There is no pretense set up that Smith, after the
extension of time, did not prosecute the work
with his accustomed energy and skill. It appears
fron? Mr. Ketchum's letter to Mr. Corwin, of
October 18, 1852, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had overlooked the letier of 28th August,
1852, from the acting Secretary, extending the
! time of performance of Smith's contract indefi-
nitely, or, in his own words, granting him "such
time as he might require;" tills being, in legal ef-
fect, a " reasonable time." But at this date, (Octo-
ber 18, 1852,) the Secretary's second letter, ex-
tending the time of performance of the contract,
was returned by Ketchum to the Secretary, with-
out delivery or notice to Smith. In his last report
Captain Benham says:
" Yet his persevering determination to attempt to exe-
cute his contract under so many unexpected arid oppos-
hi" circumstances, and against the adverse opinions of
many, perhaps neai ly ali, other persons who have examined
the subject, leads me to iear that the further prosecution of
this work must result in a continued, and, perhaps, much
greater pecuniary loss to the contractor; a loss that, not-
withstanding every precaution that may be taken by the
officers of the Treasury Department, t have reason^ for
, thinking it not only possible, but probable even, that Oon-
I gross will be called upon, and pcrlmpj successiuliy so, to
reimburse."
On the. 13th May, 1853, after the lapse, of some
seveu months from the date of Benham's report,
the Secretary transmitted to Mr. Smith the report
of the "committee on engineering," respecting
his plan for constructing the light-house; which
plan had been previously adopted, and the time
of construction extended as above stated. This
course appears to have been ill violation of the ex-
tended contract 011 the part of the Government,
and unjust to Mr. Smith. It is ill proof that dur-
ing the winter of 1852-53 Mr. Smith was push-
ing on the work on the modified plan 111 every part
of it which would admit of prosecution during
that season ;and he was doing this with the consent
, of the Government. The eagerness and energy
I with which Smith was prosecuting his contract in
j October, 1852, was such as to attract the attention
' of Captain Benham. Nevertheless, the Govcrn-
] ment, by its agents, knowing this fact, at the same
.! time seem to have meditated a rejection of the plan,
but neglected to inform Smith of that intention.
!i This conduct of the Government, not through de-
sign, but neglect, seems wholly inconsistent with
'j the rights of the petitioner. Butthe Government,
!j even after this rejection of Smith's modified plan
it of construction, did not notify him of the termm-
