1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
ation of his contract. But again, on the 21st of
January, 1854, a period of more than eightmonths,
the Light-house Board, by Captain Hardcastle,
its secretary, issued instructions to Captain J C.
Woodruff " to report again upon the feasibility of
Smith's plan of constructing the light-house, and
to state the time which will be required for that
purpose." On the 8th May, 1854,P.G. Washing-
ton, for the Secretary of the Treasury, directed
the secretary of the Light-house Board to notify
Smith "that his contract for building the light-
house had been annulled.''
On the 12th May, 1854, Captain J. C. Wood-
ruff, light-house inspcct6r of the tenth district,
wrote to Captain Hardcastle, secretary of the
Light-house Board, informing him that he had
immediately communicated to Smith Mr. Wash-
ington's letterannulling Smith's contract for build-
ing the light-house. In this letter Captain Wood-
ruff states:
" I have been aware that Mr. Smith has been engaged
at various times during the intervals of labor on the reef in
experiments to test the practicability of cutting out the
stone for the footing of his shaft, excavation by drillings
and blasting having failed during the last season of work
on the reef. He has resumed work at the reef, clearing
out the well, which had been filled by the action of the
waves with stone from the adjaccnt compartments of the
crib. This operation has been nearly completed. He has
his engine ready to transport to the crib for drilling or cut-
ting out the stone. This statement seems to be calted for
from the nature of his reply to my letter, that the board
may be advised from tiiis office of the extent of his opera-
tions this season."
It also appears, from accounts and vouchers,
that the actual expenses for labor and materials
furnished, after deducting for materials resold,
amount to the sum of §13,543 77, exclusive of
Mr. Smith 'a own services during the period the
work was in progress, from the 23d of July, 1851,
to the time he was notified of the annulling of his
contract by the Government, on the 11th of May,
1854—a period of two years nine months and
eighteen days. He estimates the value of his per-
sonal services at the rate of $2,000 per year for
the time he was employed in this work. This
sum is deemed higher than it would be reasonable
to allow, all the circumstances considered; and a
compensation is allowed at the rate of §1,500 per
year, for the above period of two years nine months
and eighteen days, amounting to the sum of $4,200;
making in the whole the sum of $17,743 77.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to object to
that bill, for I know nothing about it except what
facts are disclosed by the report of the committee,
which has just been read. I would like to know
from the gentleman who made the report whether
he. applied at the Treasury Department or to the
Light-house Board, where the information was
properly to be sought, to learn why the Secretary
of the Treasury annulled the contract of Mr.
Smith? Was there no explanation from either
the Treasury Department or the Light-house
Board in reference to that point?
Mr. EDWARDS. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, if objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON. If objection be made to the
House ascertaining whatever information there
may be on that subject, then I will be compelled
to object.
Mr. NIXON. In reply to the interrogatory of
the gentleman from Alabama, I will say that ap-
plication was made to the Department, and it was
stated that the annulment of the contract was
made during a previous Administration. I un-
derstand that Mr. Guthrie, the then Secretary
of the Treasury, admitted to Mr. Smith and his
friends that he did do Mr. Smith injustice. We
were told that, as the proceeding took place under
a preceding Administration, the present Adminis-
tration did not feel itself responsible for what had
taken place.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not looking to find
what Administration the proceeding took place
under; not at all, sir. If the Treasury Depart-
ment had no good reason for annulling the con-
tract, then the bill ought to pass; if there was
good reason, then it ought not to pass.
Mr. NIXON. The committee looked into the
matter, and were satisfied, from the facts brought
to their knowledge, that the bill ought to pass.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM GEIGER.
A bill (C. C. No. 96) for the relief of William
Geiger.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to William Geiger, in full
for all claims against the United States, by virtue
of his contract made on the 18th of October, 1854,
at Fort Smith City, with Captain French, for lime,
stone, and mason work, for and on the barrack
at Fort Washita, in the Cherokee nation, the sum
of J4,010 62.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Claims
concur in the report of the Court of Claims, and
recommend the passage of the bill.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
DECEASED CUSTOM-HOUSE CLERKS.
A bill (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of the legal
representatives of five deceased clerks in the Phil-
adelphia custom-house.
The bill and report were read in extenso.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The amount pro-
posed to be appropriated is too large to be hastily
passed by this committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust that it will not be
objected to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the amount
of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the legal
representatives of David Gibson, John B. Shull,
Eli Valette, William Bryant, and C. G. Treichel,
deceased, late clerks in the Philadelphia custom-
house, the sums due them respectively for arrears
of compensation, amounting, in the aggregate, to
$9,895 17, as per certified statement of the custom-
house.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let the bill be in-
formally passed over until wo can look into it.
Mr. WINSLOW. We had better go on regu-
larly.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the bill must be
considered at this time. Is there objection ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If I cannot have an
opportunity to look into the bill, I must object.
LOT HALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 16) for the relief of the heirs
of Lot Hall.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle and pay to the heirs and
legal representatives of Lot Hall, deceased, who
was a lieutenant of marines in the service of the
United States during the Revolution, the sum of
$1,900, together with the interest thereon, at six
per cent, per annum, from May 25, 1840, for the
pay of a lieutenant of marines, due to Lot Hall,
and for the subsistence of Hall while a prisoner
of war, and also for the share of prize-money due
to him, under the resolutions of Congress, for the
proceeds of the vessels captured by Lieutenant
Payne, while Hall was under his command.
The report was read. It shows that Lot Hall
entered the service of the United States in May,
1776,as a lieutenantof marines, under Lieutenant
Elijah F. Payne, of the ship Randolph, of twenty
guns, then lying at Charleston, South Carolina,
under the command of Robert Cochran; that Hall
entered the service under the regulations of Con-
gress, and the directions of General Washington,
m Massachusetts, where he enlisted twenty-nine
men and a boy, whom he transported to Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, and placed, as well as him-
self, utider the command of Lieutenant Payne.
From Providence they sailed in June, 1776, with
a design to make a cruising voyage to Charleston,
South Carolina, to join their ship, (the Randolph.)
On their passage 'they took four prizes, the last
{ of which Hall was put on board of as prize-mas-
ter, with orders to take the prize into Boston; but
she was retaken by a British vessel, and Hall
carried a prisoner of war to Glasgow, in Scotland,
where he was detained about a year, when he was
enabled to take passage for Virginia, where he
arrived about the 1st of January, 1778, as an ex-
changed officer; and through the munificence of
Patrick Henry, then Governor of Virginia, he
was enabled to reach his home in Massachusetts
February 22.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to strike out the in-
terest clause from the bill. If it is struck out, I
shall have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re- |
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
THOMAS ATKINSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 234) for the relief of Thomas
Atkinson, of Parke county, Indiana. [Objected to
by Mr. Burnett.]
CONGRESSIONAL TOWNSHIP IN ILLINOIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 235) for the relief of con-
gressional -township two north, of range nine
west, of the fourth principal meridian, in Adams
county, State of Illinois.
The bill recites that section sixteen, in town-
ship two north, of range nine west, of the fourth
principal meridian, in Adams county, Illinois, is
located ill a lake, or pond, and is, in consequence
thereof, wholly unfit for cultivation, and is worth-
less to the inhabitants of said township for school
purposes; and'therefore it authorizes the school
trustees for the said township to select one sec-
tion of land in legal subdivisions oT any of the
public lands of the United States subject to entry
or sale at the minimum price of $1 25 per acre;
and further provides that when the same shall
have been selected by the trustees, and a descrip-
tion thereof returned to and approved by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, a patent or
patents shall issue therefor to the-inhabitants of
Ae congressional township, and shall be held and
disposed of by them for the use of schools within
the congressional township in the same" manner
as other school lands arc held and disposed of;
and that section sixteen in the township shall re-
vert to and invest in the United States, and be
disposed of in the same manner as other public
lands.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN DIXON.
A bill (H. R. No. 236) for the relief of John
Dixon.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue a bounty land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres to John Dixon, of Dixon's Ferry, in
Illinois, for services rendered in the Black Hawk
war.
Mr. BURNETT. Is there a report accompa-
nying that bill ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is no report; but the
facts upon which the bill is based are well known
to my colleagues on the Committee on Public
Lands, and to several colleagues from my State.
This Mr. Dixon was one of the earliest settlers
m that part of the State of Illinois, and rendered
efficient and essential services to the troops in
ferrying them across the river, and in providing
them with means of support—not at his own ex-
pense, it is true; but his services were gratuitous.
He was in good circumstances then, and refused
to charge anything for his services. He is now
old and poor, and he asks for one hundred and
sixty acres of land. The committee were unan-
imous in reporting' that his prayer should be
granted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can bear
testimony to the correctness of all that my col-
league has said in reference to that venerable old
man. He rendered efficient services in the Black
Hawk war.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ROBERT JOHNSON.
A bill for the relief of Robert Johnson.
The bill authorizes Robert Johnson to locate,
on any of the public lands of the United States
subject to location with military bounty land war-
rants, certainffounty land warrants issued under
the act of 11th of February, 1847, to certain sol-
dies; the discharges received by the soldiers after
the conclusion of their respective terms of service
having, as is alleged, been purchased from them
for a valuable consideration; provided, that if it
shall hereafter appear that the soldiers did not, in
whole or in part, receive a fair dnd valuable con-
sideration for such discharge, it shall be lawful
for them,-or their heirs, to assert their claims re-
spectively in a court of law; and the particular
tracts selected in satisfaction of the warrants
shall be subject to such claims in law or equity,
and the patents which may issue for such tracts
shall certify accordingly; and provided further,
that^any assignment made of either of'the land
