2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
timely disposal of the police force so as to prevent and re-
dress all attempts of the kind; and that every effort be made
to arrest and bring to punishment those who are guiity In
the present instance."
Mr. FLORENCE. That proves conclusively
that, so far as the municipal government is con-
cerned, the outrage is condemned.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So far as
the last resolution is concerned, it cannot be true
in point of fact, because there was no policeman
on the ground; and a crowd was not reassem-
bled by any interference of the police at all.
Mr. FLORENCE. Therewcre two meetings,as
I understand, that night, and the police interfered
to prevent a difficulty in one of them. 1 merely
present that as an expression of sentiment on the
part of the municipal authorities here, to show
conclusively that there was no complicity of theirs
with the disturbance. It really seems to me that
the appropriation for the police ought to be re-
tained, for the reason which I stated yesterday,
that it is not to pay the present police, but the
police for the next fiscal year. If citizens are to
be protected in the exercise of all their functions,
then this appropriation ought to be made. I sup-
pose that no gentleman will pretend to say, for a
single moment, that the police force ought to bo
disbanded, simply because this difficulty occurred.
There is but one sentiment in this community m
regard to the conduct of the mob on that occasion,
and that is in detestation of it, and a determination
to resist such conduct in future.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Ic is right the facts should
be set fairly before the FIou.sc and befoic the pub-
lic. There was a disturbance at the first political
meeting.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not say there was
not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Turbulence and unruly
conduct manifested themselves at the meeting at
the Washington House, and the same persons
followed the procession to the meeting m Seventh
street. There they were violent, and"the disturb-
ance rose to all the violence of an organized mob.
1 dul not see a police officer on the ground. There
was not the slightest effort made to prevent the
riotous conduct on that occasion, and it seemed to
me that we were totally devoid of police for the
city of Washington. I do not agree to the facts
set out in those resolutions.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague must have
heard me say that no notice was given of these
meetings. The police are notubiquitous, and can-
not be at every place where an impromptu meet-
ing may be called. £ do not mean to defend theiri
if they have done wrong, but I did not think
they were culpable to the extent charged yester-
day.
'Mr. CAMPBELL. The not lasted half an
hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this kind of de-
bate, inasmuch as we passeda ruleyesterday that
these interjections should not be made in speeches.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of terminating debate on this
paragraph.
Mr. BRANCH. I rather think that wo can take
the vote now.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment to strike out the clausc was
then agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Id esiro to have the sccond
scction of the bill modified; it was misprinted. I
desire to have it modified so as to read as fol-
lows:
Sec. 2. JlvA be if further mr/rfrd. That no part of the
amount appropriated by any act ot" Connies-;, Msal! bo trans-
ferred to or usiCd lor any branch of expenditure than that
for which it maj be specifically appropriated ; and that the
twenty-third section of the act entitled 4/An act le<jahzm<z
and making appropriations for such necessary onjeet-* a^
have been usually included in the general appropriation
bill*, without authority ot law, and to Iim and provide tor
certain ^incidental expenses of the Departments and offices
of the Government, and for other purposes," apurovcd-Gth
August, 1842, is hereby repealed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the
twenty-third section of the act referred to there j
read, I do not remember what it is. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing that |
it should be read, and will send for it. 1
Mr, BOCOCK. While the gentleman is send- !
ingfor the law, with his consent, I desire to make f
a remark. I brought up, a few days ago, a state-
ment about the amount of stationery used by dif-
ferent committees of the House. I did it on the
spur of the moment. I made no party allusions
at all in the remarks which I then submitted.
Gentlemen seem to think that it was a party hit;
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
come forward to defend his party. He has ex-
ercised the ingenuity of which- he is always capa-
ble; but which, in my opinion, does not bear him
out in the position which he has taken. He
brought forward yesterday a statement to show
that the committees of the House had been more
economical than the committees of the*last two
Congresses, but he did not remember to state to
the House that the long session of the Congress
before the last lasted till the 18th of August, and
the long session of the last Congress til 1 the 14th
of June; and when he undertook to show that the
committees of this House had been more econom-
ical than the committees of the last two preceding"
Congresses, he compared a session of five months
and three weeks with a session of six months and
two weftks in the one ease, and of eight months
and three weeks in the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire to say is, that
nearly all the stationery drawn by committees is
drawn at the beginning of the session, and it is
vejy rarely that any is drawn after this period of
the session. I ascertained that by an examina-
tion of the books of the Clerk. I now ask for the
reading of the twenty-third section of the act of
1842.
The Clerk read the scction, as follows:
u Src. 23. Jlmlhc it further cnactaU That m case the cum
appioprnited for any object shall be found more than '.utii-
cient to meet the expenses thereby contemplated, the sur-
plus may he applied, under the direction of the head of the
proper Department, to supply the deficiency of any othei
item in the same Department or office : Prm-idf/l, That the
expenditure for newspapeis and peuodical* shall not ex-
ceed the amount specifically appiopriatcd to that object by
tins act."1
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to offer an
amendment in the shape of an additional section
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Only an amendment to the
amendment is in order. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.]
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not an amendment.
It is a correction of a clerical error in the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is so much confusion
that 1 cannot tell the condition of the question.
Gentlemen around me say that the motion of the
gentleman fiom Ohio is to strike out the last half
dozen lines of the second section of the bill re-
pealing the twenty-third section. The gentleman
from Georgia, who is a member of the commit-
tee, did not so understand it. I think it is wrong
to lepeal that section. 1 Hunk it ought not to be
done, and if it is not too late, I desire to raise a
point of order on this scction of the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would say, in reply to
the gentleman from Alabama, that, so far as this
second section is concerned, the object of the
Committee of Ways and Means was correctly
statu! by the gentleman from Ohio, its chairman,
and that (his portion of the section is proposed
to bo stricken out, by older of the Committee of
Ways n nd Means
Mr. SHERMAN. I so stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not speaking of that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand that, if the
second section is agreed to in the shape proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means, it will
allow money appropriated for a particular pur-
pose to be used for another purpose in the same
Depai tmeut or office.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly, just in ac-
eordanco with the present law; but it forbids the
transfer of money appropriated for one purpose
to another, as has been commonly done in several
of the Departments.
Air. ORANCH. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio to move to strike out so much of the
section as prevents the use of money appropri-
ated for one fiscal year m any other fiscal year.
What became of that amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. The clerk of the committee
made a mistake m furnishing the copy. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not adopt the part
of the section m the printed bill which I propose
to strike out. The original draft of the section :
contained it, but the Committee of Ways and
Means struck that out. In the printing of the bill,
however, the whole was printed. I only nsk that
the section shall be made to conform to the action
of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Then it is merely the cor-
rection of a typographical error, which will be
made if there is no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 offer the follow-
ing as an additional section of the bill:
Sec. 3. Jlrul be it farther enactcd, That where any offi-
cer of either Department of the Government or member of
either House of Congress is indebted to the United States*
in any manner whatever, so that that indebtedness ran be
ascertained by the rfecietary of the Treasury, no salary or
compensation shall be paid to such officer or member until
said indebtedness shall be fully liquidated.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is liable to
the objection that it is not in order. It is general
legislation on an appropriation bill, and is, there-
fore, not m order. I do not know what it is in-
tended to cover; but I make the point that it is
general legislation, and is not in order on an ap-
propriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
think that it is general legislation, and is, there-
fore, not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now make the same point
of order on the second section of the bill; and by
reference to the rule, the Chair will find that the
Committee of Ways and Means have 130 more
rights than any member of this House. They
have precisely the same right to propose general
legislation on an appropriation bill as members
have. I have as much right to propose general
legislation on an appropriation bill as any com-
mittee has.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman may be very
correct in the position he takes, but he is too late.
The only time when he could raise the question
of order on a bill reported to the House, was be-
fore it received its first reading.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that be the rule, it pre-
cludes a member of the House from an exercise
of the same rights that committees exercise. And
here is the case now: the gentleman from Illinois
is refused permission to offer an amendment, be-
cause it is general legislation, although it is 110
more general legislation than the bill itself con-
tains. Thatis a mode of dealing which this House
ought not to permit.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. IIOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will modify my
amendment so as to apply to this bill, and that,
as I undci stand it, will make the motion in or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to amend by adding
the following, as an additional section:
Sec. Jhulbeitfwthcr cauctcd, That there be appio-
pri/ited, for compensation to the Capitol police, under the
second section ot An act to amend the third section of the
act makine appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government f'oi the year ending .'30th of June,
1844, and for other purposes," approved April 110, 1654,
$:2.fcf60, to he paid in equal amounts Horn the contingent
fund of the House and Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must rise to a question of
order. That amendment is not in order. It
changes existing law. I can state what the law
is, if gentlemen desire it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the present rate of compensation to be fixed by%
| the Speaker of the House of Representatives and
| the Vice President of the United States. The
, Chair is, therefore, inclined to rule the amendment
| out of order, both in respect to its changing exist-
j ing law, and in respect to the point of the bill at
! which it is offered.
| Mr. &UARLES. I desire to know, before we
• pass from tins bill, whether the appropriations
; made by it exceed or fall short of the estimates
i as presented by the Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man with a great deal of pleasure, if the commit-
tee will peimit me. I have had a detailed state-
ment prepared, showing the reduction which has
been made on the estimates, which is as fol-
lows:
