3226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
. Mr. YULEE. It depends on the importance
of the business whether the Senate will continue
in executive session. I hope it may b§ of such
a nature as will not oblige us to remain very long.
'Mr. DAVIS. I understood the proposition of
tlic Senator from Virginia was to suspend his
motion to go into executive session, to enable
Senators to make reports from committees* I do
not see why we should discuss the question of
how long we shall be in executive session, while
it is proposed to suspend that motion to enable
a Senator to make a report from a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Flor-
ida is undoubtedly right; we certainlyhad better
first dispose of legislative matters that go to the
other House. We are to adjourn on Monday. I
trust the post route bill will be taken up. It is
not a bill that gives rise to much discussion. An
hour hence we can go into executive session. I
am as anxious as the Senator from Virginia is to
close the session, and not to be detained here
after Monday; but I think wc shall best accom-
plish that by disposing of the legislative business
that is ready to be disposed of; and if we come to
a question that is going to give rise to debate, 1
shall be willing to vote with the Senator from
Virginia for an executive session.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the question now be-
fore the Senate whether or not wc shall go into
executive session ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is on postponing all prior
orders for the purpo.se of proceeding to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then that is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is debat-
able.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask those questions, be-
cause 1 understood from the Senator from Mis-
sissippi that he hardly thought the question was
debatable.
Mr. DAVIS. No; but the request made by
the Senator from Indiana was to suspend the con-
sideration of the question whether the Senate
would go into executive session, to enable him to
make a report.
Mr. YULEE. I withdraw the objection which
I made to the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me that the
question now presented to us for consideration
involves this: whether we shall do our legislative
business while the House in in session, before
Monday, or whether we shall take tins tune for
executive business, which can be done after Con-
gress adjourns, and let the congressional business
be undone. That seems to me to be the issue. I
will state it again, that we shall try the experi-
ment of attempting to do our executive business
now, in order to save the Senate from sitting after
Monday,and neglect that business which can be
done only while Congress is in session; or,on the
other hand, whether we shall do congressional
business while Congress is in session, and do our
executive business afterw.uds: or do the execu-
tive business before the adjournment, if we shall
find time to do it. That is the issue. To my
mind it is a clear case that we should not go into
executive session now, at this stage of the ses-
sion, but do the necessary legislative business
first; and if there be time to do executive busi-
ness before the adjournment of Congress, we can
do it; but if not, we can do it after"thi: adjourn-
ment of Congress.
Mr. MASON. All I wanted to bring to the
attention of the Senate was the fact thauhcie is
business to be done in executive session which
requirfs time and deliberation. If it is the pleas-
uie of the donate to postpone it until the adjourn-
ment of Congress, none will acquiesce morecheer-
fully than 1 shall: but 1 think it my duty to
bring the fact before the Senate, and" let them
decide H. 1 hope the question Will be put.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not the least objec-
tion to the gentleman presenting the qiu-siion in
that way. I only wanted to state what I thought
was involved in the issue.
Mr. IjIGLER. The position of the Senator
from Vngmja is a perfectly fair one. 1 think we
ought to test the determination of the Senate on
the motion which he has submitted, and I agree
with the view taken by the Senator fiom Vermont,
that we ought to decide against going into execu- i
tive session with a view of proceeding with legis-
lative business. For my part I do not think that
we can go into executive session with justice to
those matters which I feel bound to insist, as one
of the members of this body, shall be completed
before the day already fixed for adjournment.
But be this as it may, I think we should proceed
with legislative business, and if necessary, we can
have an executive session after the adjournment
of Congress. There is a measure on the table at
this hour relating to the local affairs of Philadel-
phia, which is very important to that city; and I
cannot agree to the motion to go into executive
session, and especially to spend the day with no
chance of getting at a measure of that kind. Then
there is another measure which may occupy a
short time: House bill No. 338, regulating the
tariff, which I should prefer to have disposed of.
I think these are reasons sufficient to defeat the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
postpone the prior orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of exccutivc business.
The motion was not agreed to,
REPORTS OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, relative to con-
tracts for the construction of the Patent Office
building, reported in favor of printing the usual
number; and the u-port was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the marine under-
writers of New York, praying the publication of
the rcsultsof surveys made by Captain Ringgold,
of the Navy, of the passages through the Coral
Archipelago of the Pacific ocean, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ofThcron Hamilton, of
Hurlington, Michigan, praying Congress to have
five thousand copies of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence and Washington's Farewell Address
printed together and distributed, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the lepoit of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating the report
of Captain Ringgold's siuveys of the passage
through the Coral Archipelago of the Pacific
ocean, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Interior m relation to bids and
contracts for fitting up the east and west saloons
of the Patent Office with model cases and galle-
nes, repotted in fa\oi of printing the'-usual num-
ber; and the report was agreed to.
MKPSAUK KliOM THE IIOUSK.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Cieik, announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (S. No. 104) for
the final adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Fiorida, Louisiana, Aikansas, and Mis-
souri, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS STONED.
The message fm tlier announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint, resolutions; whi< h theieupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 104) for the final settlement of
private land claims in the States of Floi ida, Louis-
iana, and Missouri, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 9) to amend "An act for extend-
ing the laws and judicial system of the United
States to the State of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses;''
A bill (S. No. 291) forthe relief of Mary Pres-
ton, widow of George Preston;
A bill (S. No. 190) in relation to the mission
claims at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan;
A bill (S. No. 347) to declare the meaning of j
the net entitled "An act making further provisions j
for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants,"
passed August 31, 1852;
A bill (S. No. 411) to autho rize the settlement
of the accounts of Edward Ely, deceased, late
consul of the United States at Bombay, on prin-
ciples, of justice and equity,
A bill (S. No. 444) to change the time of hold-
ing courts in the northern district of Florida;
A bill (S. No. 452) for the relief of Sylvester
Gray;
A bill (S. No. 488) in relation to malicious in-
juries to, and trespasses upon, public and private
property within the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 494) amendatory of an act ap-
proved June 14,1858, for the relief of Sherlock &
Shirley;
A bill (S. No. 495) for the relief of David
Waldo;
A bill (S. No. 497J to amend an act entitled
"An act for giving enect to certain treaty stipula-
tions between this and foreign Governments for
the apprehension and delivery up of certain offend-
ers;"
A bill (S. No. 500) for the relief of Lieutenant
"William A. Winder, of the United States Army;
_A bill (S. No. 507) for the relief of the Califor-
nia Stage Company;
A bill (S. No. 508) for the relief of William
Nelson;
A bill (S. No. 509) to grant to the city of Port
Huron, Michigan , a part of the military reserva-
tion of Fort Gratiot, for the enlargement of the
city cemetery at that place;
A joint resolution (S. No. 36) for the restora-
tion of Lieutenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the
active list from the leave of absence list of the
Navy; and'
A joint resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of
Arthur Edwards and his associates.
PRINTING OP A REPORT.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the repoits of the Secretary of the Navy
and other papers relative to tins proceedings under the act
of January *28, 1837, authorizing the establishing of a
Navy depot on Bl>tiie Island, at Ihunswtck, on the coast
of Georgia, and tor other purpose.-, be punted.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
4f>) supplementary to the joint resolution in rela-
tion to the public printing, approved , 1860,
have diiected me to report it back for the action
of the Senate".
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask for its present consideration ?
Mr. FITCH. I ask foy' the presen t consider-
ation of the resolution. If it is to pass, it ought
to pass at once. /
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Chair
hears no objection to th/ present consideration of
the resolution.
The resolution was considered as in Commit-
tee ol the Whole. It provides that, instead of the
Superintendent of Public Printing:, it shall be the
duty af the Secretary of the Interior to contract
for thccrection or purchase of the necessary build-
ings, machinery, and materials to carry into effect
the provisions of the first section of the joint res-
olution m relation to the public printing, approved
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that if wc are going
to try the experiment of a Government printing
establishment, it had better be conducted in the
manner proposed by the friends of that measure.
This jomt resolution proposes to take from the
Superintendent of Public Printing, a very faithful
and efficient officeractmg under the directionof the
Joint Committee on Printing of the two Houses,
the erection of the building and the purchase of
the machinery, and to give it to the Secretary of
the Interior. It seems to me that the original
joint resolution placed this in the proper hands.
The Supenntendent of the Public Printing is a
practical printer. Ho has been in ofKrc for some
time, lie is acquainted, much better than any
Cabinet officer can be, with the wants of such an
establishment and the extent of it; and I do not
see how there can be any danger to the public
interests in trusting this matter to his action, un-
der the direction of the joint committee of the two
Houses. I hope the Senate will allow this exper-
iment to be tried, and be tried in the way which
the friends of the project think will be most likely
to eonduct it to success. I hope, therefore, this
joint resolution will not be passed.
Mr. DAVIS, The joint resolution, as adopted,
was a departure from the universal principle in
