1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
potism that ever afflicted a nation. Is it right and
proper and patriotic, in times like these, to let
these points of belief operate as a stumbling block
to the patriotic action of gentlemen who ought to
be banded together against a common enemy?
Will gentlemen of the American party charge that
such men as Maynard, Zollicoffer, Ready, and
others were guilty of attempting to force this worst
despotism upon an unwilling people?
What other objection was raised ? Why, they
say they do not want a united South. I say for
one, that I do want a South united and banded
together, and not only united among themselves,
but united with that patriot band of Democrats
from the North who have stood and still stand
unflinchingly and unfalteringly by the rights of
the South with the same patriotic devotion as if
they had themselves been born and nutured under
a southern sun, and represented, as I do, proud
and patriotic southern constituencies. Butfor this
unity, where would we havebSfcn in 1856? Those
are the men to whom we must look for safety tuid
succor in the coming contest. A proud monu-
ment of lofty patriotism i3 presented in the char-
acter and persons of these northern Democrats.
There they have stood unawed by influence and
unbribed by gain. There they have stood and
sometimes fallen scarred all over fighting for our
rights under the Constitution. That is the sort
of unity I want—the South united with these
patriotic gentlemen from the North that stand by
and protect our every right under the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. Clerk, I did not intend to occupy the time
of the House for more than a moment. I wished
to say that, in my judgment, the responsibility
for the failure to organize the House has not rested
from the beginning, nor does it now rest with the
representatives of the Democratic party upon this
floor, and to call upon my South American friends
to come and stand by us. We have shown a will-
ing maid to vote for one of your men in the dread
alternative that is presented. My opinion is, now,
that it is the true policy of the Democratic party
to stand by their own man, and that the loyal men
of the southern American party will rally to our
standard. The responsibility will then rest with
those who standout between those united elements
of opposition to the Republican party, and if they
continue to stand out must take the responsibility,
which will be fearful. *
Mr. Clerk, I come from a State that has ever
been loyal to the Constitution; a State whose peo-
ple have been tutored in that school which taught
that the arm be paralyzed that would erase one
stripe or pluck one star from the flag of our
country. I oome from a -State that has proved
on every battle-field, by the best blood of her cit-
izens, her devotion to this flag; but I warn gen-
tlemen that it is " the last feather that breaks the
camel's back," and notwithstanding that my
State—the land of Jackson—is loyal and patri-
otic, yet it is to the Constitution and to the Union,
as handed down to us by our patriot fathers who
made it, that she is loyal, and whenever she fails
to get that equality in the Union which the Con-
stitution gives, she will regard it as no longer a
blessing, but a curse. I hope, sir, that the con-
servative elements that stand opposed to that great
party which is cncroacliing upon our rights, will
unite together for a common good. We have a
proud and prosperous country. Under our Con-
stitution, our institutions, our policy of Govern-
ment, we have gone on prospering and to prosper.
But a little while ago, the star of our empire had
scarcely peeped over the blue hills of the Allegha-
nies. It has risen, and under this Government,
has gone onward and onward in its great course,
until to-day its glittering beams sparkle in the far
oft' waters of the golden-shored Pacific. We are
now an ocean-bound Republic, built upon the firm
foundations laid by the great master-builders of
the Republic, under laws and a Constitution to
which wo stand devoted, and upon which we
should permit no violent or sacrilegious hand to
bo laid. I hope, sii, that there will be a union of
all the conservative elements of this House with
us, and that wo will organize, and proceed to the
business of the country. It is due, sir, to a suf-
fering but patient people.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to move
that the House do now proceed to vote for
Speaker, and m doing it I will suggest to gentle-
men on both sides that it seems to mo that it
would be very easy, in a parliamentary way, to
secure an early organization of this House. It is
simply by following the plan of keeping silence.
Nothing.m the world prevents an organization of
the House but speech-making. If gentlemen will
just cease making speeches we can come to a vote
upon every proposition now before the House,and
all may be voted on by the yeas and nays within
the limits of a single session; and I am sure that
under some of the resolutions which have been
offered here, we shall find our way directly to an
organization.
If, then, gentlemen desire to clear themselves of
the responsibility of non-organization, it seems
to me they will permit us to vote, and make no
more speeches. I think, sir, that enough has
been said upon the other side of the House, at
any rate until we shall have succeeded in electing
a Speaker. I hope that, by common consent, we
shall now have a vote for Speaker; and if it shall
result in no election, that we shall then vote di-
rectly upon the propositions before the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. I thank the gentleman from
Maine for his suggestion; but we upon this side
of the House choose to be governed by our own
opinions of the proper course to be pursued,
rather than by the suggestions of gentlemen
opposite.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen-
tleman from N orth Carolina think that it will not
facilitate the organization of the House to cease
speech-making, or does he not desire to have the
House organized ?
Mr.'WINSLO W. I desire most heartily to see
the House organized. I do not think, however,
that we should facilitate its organization, in the
way I think it ought to be organized, by ceasing
to make speeches. I suspect that the gentleman
from Maine and his associates here and through-
out the country have felt the effect of the speak-
ing that has taken place here, and I think they
will yet feel it still more strongly.
But, sir, it is useless to talk, as I remarked the
other day, about vain things. The gentleman must
know that there is no possibility of a vote being
taken for Speaker to-day.
Voices from the Republican benches. Why
not?
Mr. WINSLOW. Here are five gentlemen be-
longing to this side of the House absent, and unable
to be in their seats to-day.
Voices from the Republican benches. We are
all ready.
Mr. STANTON. Who is to be responsible for
the absentees upon the other side of the House?
Mr. WINSLOW. If you will offset every
gentleman ou our side who is absent, we are will-
ing that a vote shall be taken. [Loud cries of
"No, sir,"fromthe Republican benches.] Then
I submit a motion that the House do now adjourn.
[Loud cries of " No, no, "from the Republicans.]
CORRECTION.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will with-
draw that motion for a moment, I desire to make
a correction in the Globe.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have no objection to that.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the Clerk to read what
I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows, from the report of
the remarks of Mr. Montgomery, delivered on
Friday last:
" 1 read from the Reports of Committees for the year J 857,
volume 4, page 07. Mr. Stanton, of Ohio, who is one of
the most influential and useful Republican members oa
tin?, floor, speaking of tlu; action ot tiie Committee of Ways
and Means on the tariff of J857, there states:
"' I also went to Mr. Campbell, of Pennsylvania, the
Representative of the iron inteiests, on the Committee of
Wavs and Means, and told him that it would be foolish to
allow the lull to be repoi ted : that if iie opposed it with Ills
influence, it could not he reported; that ho would thus be
able to protect the iron interest, at tile rate of thirty per
cent., for two additional yeais. That, if ho stood firm, it
would take two yeais to strip Pennsylvania of her present
protection; and that,as the President cli'ctwdsfromPenn-
Fjlvania, it would be hilt reasonable to infer that uorse terms
would not be offered during his Administration than those
now about to be imposed.'
" Yes, Mr, my colleague was remonstrated with. He was
entreated to let the protection remain upon the great staple
of Pennsylvania. Here is the testimony of Mi. Btantox.
It cannot, dare not be disputed. The folly, the madness of
his action! His Iriend, Mr. Stvnton, went to him, and
remonstrated with him against this reduction of the tariff on
the iron interests of Pennsylvania. Y et he stands here, under
these eiieumstances, to read lectures to me and to others
about the votes we have cast for Speaker. Look at home,
sir—look at home: and blush for your record on this tariff
question."
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has fallen into an. entire
mistake in attributing that language to me. It
was, in fact, the language of another person. The
gentleman quoted from the report of the select
committee in the last Congress upon the subject
of the accounts of Lawrence, Stone & Co. I was
the chairman of that committee. I was not a wit-
ness before the committee aj all. The witness was
a man by the name of Corbin, and it is his words
that the gentleman puts into my mouth. It was
an entire misapprehension on the part of the gen-
tleman. I never testified before the committee at
all.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire merely to
say that it was hardly necessary for the gentle-
man from Ohio to call the attention of the House
to that fact, when his Republican friend from
Pennsylvania, on that side of the House, [Mr.
Campbell,] almost immediately afterwards called
attention to the same fact, so that the error was
fully corrected at the time it occurred. The
debate was precipitated upon me without any'
warning, and I had no time for examination or
preparation of any kind. I got the book open at
that page, and as I had not previously read the
testimony of the witness, I was led into the mis-
take by the name of Mr. Stanton occurring im-
mediately above what I quoted, and from the fact
that lie was the chairman of the committee. It
was in this way that, in taking up the report
without any previous examination, the statement
which I reaa appeared to have been made by Mr.
Stantow. My colleague called my attention to
it afterwards, and corrected the mistake by a note
which appears in the report of the debate. The
report which appears in the Globe contains what
I said at the time. But it can make no difference
who it was that remonstrated with my colleague.
It is the fact that ho was called on by a national
man from the State of Pennsylvania, deeply in-
terested in the iron and coal business, and en-
treated to vote against agitating the tariff at that
time, I desired to show. The prediction of Mr.
Corbin is now matter of history, for it has been
fulfilled in every particular.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that this wit-
ness was not a man from Pennsylvania, nor in-
terested in the iron business. JHe was the clerk
to some committee about the Capitol, by the
name of Corbin. I understand that he was from
Missouri. He was a person of whom I had no
knowledge and have no recollection, but the ad-
vice was so manifestly contrary to the interests of
my State that I could not listen to it for a moment.
He may be a perfectly respectable and honest
man. 1 know nothing to the contrary. But, sir,
I will state, in connection with the matter, that I
go for the interests of my constituents without re-
gard to the idle talk of any party here in the city
of Washington. 1 am ready to listen to reason
and argument, but I do not choose to take the
advice of any man who volunteers advice hostile
to the interests of my State.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I regret that my col-
league did not take his advice, and thereby save
the interests of Pennsylvania. It would have
saved the iron manufacturers of Pennsylvania, if
he had taken that advice, and prevented the tariff
question from being brought into the House at
that time. What Mr. Corbin then predicted has
come to pass. My colleague assisted, by his vote,
to bring the tariff question before Congress, and
the duty on iron and coal was reduced from
thirty to twenty-four per cent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague and myself
cannot agree on that subject.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENS. I presume the motion to
adjourn is debatable.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think that motion is
hardly debatable.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask the gentleman, then,
to withdraw the motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will, still retaining the
floor to renew the motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will yield the floor to me for a minute,
merely to make a correction in the report of the
Globe of the proceedings of Friday last. It is in
connection with this iron interest, [laughter;] and,
as I am a very good reader, I will not ask the
Clerk to read the paragraph.
