1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
warrants, or the locations thereof, prior to the
issuing of patents, shall be absolutely null and
void in law and equity.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the proviso of that,
bill is objectionable, and I must object to the bill,
unless it is modified so as to make the assignment
show that this legislation couples with the land
warrant the liability to reclamation upon the part
of the heirs: for instance, this bill, as I under-
stand it, will authorize Johnson to transfer the
warrant to me, or to any other man. The assignee
will not know of this law, and you authorize the
heirs hereafter to reclaim and recover those lands
whenever they see fit, if their ancestors did not
get full value for their discharges. The result
will be that you will throw the loss upon inno-
cent men, instead of upon Johnson himself.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to make an
inquiry, in reference to another point, of the chair-
man of the committee, or of the member who re-
ported the bill. It seems that Johnson's title is
derived under a power of attorney. Of this power
of attorney we have no evidence, except upon his
allegation, unless there be such evidence on file
with the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, that
while he is disposed to indulge inquiry, yet de-
bate is not in order; and unless the bill is objected
to, it will be laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The bill is of too
much importance to bo acted upon hastily.
Mr. COBB. I will say that the bill was drawn
up at the Land Office, with a«view to protectevery
person's rights.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to the bill.
GEORGE F. BROTT.
A bill (H. R. No. 239) for the relief of George
F. Brott.
The bill authorizes George F. Brott to enter the
following described lands: Lots Nos. 1,2,3,and 4,
and the southwest quarter of the northwest quar-
ter, and west half of southwest quarter of frac-
tional section thirteen; and the south half of the
northeast quarter, and the southeast quarter of
the northwest quarter, and the east half of the
southeast quarter of section fourteen; and the east
half of the northeast quarter of section twenty-
three, and lotNo. l,in section twenty-four, all in
township one hundred and twenty-four north, of
range twenty-eight west, in the district of lands
subject to sale at the land office at St. Cloud,
Minnesota; said tracts containing five hundred
and sixty-two and twenty hundredths acres, upon
the payment by Brott of the usual minimum of
$1 25 per acre therefor; and directs the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to issue a pat-
ent on the entry.
Mr. ALDRICH. There is no report accom-
panying this bill; but I am familiar with this case,
and hope no gentleman will object to it. Mr.
Brott was a mail carrier under the law granting
preemption rights to mail carriers west of the
Mississippi. A bill has already passed the House,
this winter, confirming all the entries made by
mail carriers. Mr.' Brott has never been able to
enter his land, and pay for it as other carriers have
done, for the reason that the plat of survey was
not returned in season, and not until the Secre-
tary of the Interior put such a construction upon
the law as would prevent him from allowing the
land to be entered by Mr. Brott. He now asks
the privilege; and asks that this bill be passed,
authorizing and allowing him to enter this land
under that law.
I will also state that I hold in my hand a peti-
tion, signed by a number of individuals who re-
side on that land. He proposes to enter the land,
and pay the Government $1 25 an acre; which is
all they ask.
Mr. BURNETT. What do the Interior De-
partment say upon the subject?
Mr. ALDRICH. They recommend the pas-
sage of the bill.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
EDEN S. HANSCdllB.
A bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hansc-omb.
The reading of the report was called for.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report ac-
companying this bill.
Mr. STANTON. I think that is a very satis-
factory reason why the bill should be objected to.
Bills of this sort ought to be accompanied with
some explanation.
Mr. ALDRICH. The facts are stated in the
memorial.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
CASSIUS M. CLAY.
A bill (H. R. N'o. 240) for the relief of Cassius
M. Clay. [Objected to by Mr. Moore, of Ala-
bama.]
CHARNER T. SCAIFE.. .
A bill (C. C. No. 82) for flie relief of Charner
T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Charner T. Scaife, admin-
istrator of Gilbert Stalker, deceased, $5,645 16
in full, for the use and service of the steamboat
Jamcs Adams, belonging to Stalker, from August
1, 1841, to July 9, 1842.
The report was read. It shows that this is a
claim for a certain sum alleged to b*e due tiie estate
of Gilbert Stalker, deceased, for certain service of
the steamboat James Adams, of which Mr. Stalker
was the owner. The boat was, on the 29th of
December, 1840,'chartered for the United States
by Captain Ogden, quartermaster, at §2,500 a
month. The service of the boat under the char-
ter party was in the Seminole war, on the west
side of Florida. The boat was discharged on the
26th of April, 1841. On the 28th of April, 1841,
the same boat was chartered on the part of the
United States by Major Thomas, quartermaster,
at §2,000 a month, and was in service on the west
side of Florida, in the war with the Seminoles,
until the 9th of July, 1842, when she was dis-
charged. On the 28th of September, 1842, Captain
Hill, quartermaster, chartered said boat for the
United States at $1,800 a month, for a service
similar to that above mentioned. The amount
chargeable to the United States for the servicc of
the boat under those three charter-parties has
been long since paid. But the claimant alleges
that his intestate, Stalker, is entitled to $500 a
month for the service of the boat, from the 1st of
August, 1841, to the 9th of July, 1842, in addi-
tion to the $2,000 a month received by him under
the charter-party of the 28th of April, 1841. This
claim for aclditional pay is founded on a promise
made by General Worth, who was the command-
ing officer, to Mr. Stalker, the owner of the boat,
about the istofAugust,1841. The promise, which
was made whilst the boat was in service under
the contract of the 28th of April, 1841, is proved
by the letters of General Worth and Captain
Ogden.
The Court of Claims, in its report on the case,
says: "Upon the best consideration we have
been able to give the case, we have come to the
conclusion that the claimant is entitled to recover.
As the servicc, to procure which the promise was
made, was not required by the charter-party of j
the 28th of April, 1841, it cannot be said that the t
promise was without consideration. Neither can
it be said that the promise was made without au- |
thority, it having been made by the commanding |
officer in the presence of the quartermaster, it 1
would, no doubt, have been more regular if the
general had caused a new charter-party to be ex-
ecuted; but still, as the unusual service was per-
formed in conscquencc of the promise, it seems
to be proper that the Government should pay for
it. The charge for the service from the time of
the promise to that of the discharge of the boat is
$5,645 16, for which sum we report a bill."
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MOSES NOBLE.
A bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Moses Noble, agent
for the brig Good Hope, and the schooners Delta,
Jasper, Sardine, Five Sisters, Commonwealth,
and Two Brothers, for the benefit of the persons
entitled thereto, the sum of §1,704 68, the same
being for fishing bounties to which the vessels
became entitled in the fishing season of 1852.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
this is a claim for fishing bounties, under the act
of June 19,1813. In the spring of 1852, the claim-
ant, as the agent and manager of certain fishing
vessels, engaged masters, or skippers, for the fish-
ing season,and caused each of the masters to ma,ke
an agreement with every fisherman employed in
each of the vessels in accordance with the act of
Congress. Under the law, the owners of the ves-
sels became entitled to be paid by the collector of
the district of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, out
of any money of the United States appropriated
for such purposes, the sum of SI,074 68. The
payment, however, was refused by the collector,
on the ground that no log-book of the voyage was
furnished him; but the Secretary of the Treasury,
to whom an appeal had been taken, refused the
allowance on account of a slight informality in the
instrument of agreement with the fishermen. The
Court of Claims decided that the agreement with
the fishermen was a substantial compliance with
the act of Congress of June 19,1813, and reported
the bill for the relief of the claimant. The Com-
mittee of Claims concur with the Court of Claims
in this view, and accordingly report back the bill
without amendment, and recommend its passage.
The committee add, there is no question as to the
entire legality of the contract made with the fish-
ermen. The informality was an omission in re-
ducing the contract to writing. This omission the
Court of Claims held to be immaterial, in which
opinion the committee concur.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do ■
ROBERT II. MORRIS'S REPRESENTATIVES.
A bill (Ii. R. No. 242) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Robert H. Morris, late post-
master of the city of New York."
The bill directs the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department to readjust and
audit the account of Robert H. Morris, late post-
master of the city of New York, from May 26,
1845, to June 30,1846, and to allow in the account
all sums of money paid out by Morris for defray-
ing the expenses of the office within that period,
including the amount paid on account of the city
dispatch office; provided that, in the opinion of
the Postmaster General, such expenses were prop-
erly incurred and were necessary for the business
of the office. And, in addition thereto, the Audi-
tor shall also allow, for the same period,such sum
as would make the compensation of Morris equal
to the sum of $2,000 per annum, as provided for
by the act of 1825. And that the several sums,
so found to be due, shall be paid to the executrix
or other legal representative of Morris, out of any
money appropriated for the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
R. H. Morris was postmaster of New York when
the act of March 3,1845, in relation to postages,
took effect, namely, July 1, 1845, and continued
to act in that capacity until 1849; that in conse-
quence of the act of March, 1845, the commission
fund for the first fiscal year thereafter, appropri-
ated to the local expenses of the office, owing to
the great increase of the business of the office , re-
sulting from the reduction of postage as provided
for by the act, became wholly insufficient for the
purpose; that he was compelled to meet the de-
mands of the public,and,forthe cfficientdischarge
of the duties, to increase the number of clerks, and
augment other contingent expenses. It appears
that these charges were all properly presented, and
appeared in the quarterly returns of Morris
to the Post Office Department. They were allowed
at the time; bijt, on the settlement of the account
for the fiscal year, these charges for expenditure,
amounting to $5,680, were stricken out and dis-
allowed, simply on the ground that the Depart-
ment, under the laws which regulated its powers,
the commission fund being exhausted, had no au-
thority to pay them, and not on the ground that
they were not necessary and proper in themselves.
Mr. Morris was then compelled to pay over the
amount for which he had credited himself. It ap-
pears that, for that year, Mr. Morris received only
$1,045 81 for his services.
It appears further, that the commission fund,
out of which expenses were paid, was also re-
duced by the action of Mr. Morris's predecessor,
who, shortly before going out of office, removed
the post office from the rotunda in the Park to the
Dutch church, at an increased cost for rent of
$4,400 per annum. All these facts appear from
