1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
our Government of checks and balances—it threw
everything into one scale. This proposes to put
the purchase or the construction of the building
under the Secretary of the Interior. The check
upon the Secretary of the Interior would still be
the Superintendent of Printing and the Commit-
tee on Printing. Otherwise it all passes into the
hands of the Superintendent of Printing, with a
sort of nominal control of the committee. It seems
to me entirely proper, if we are to build a house,
that it shall be in the charge of some one who i§.
under general supervision and general direction;
whereas the Superintendent of Printing is under
nobody. The President appoints him; the Senate
confirms him; he is a soit of independent officer
.in the Go\ernment, whose business certainly
would not load him to any particular knowledge
eitherofhousesorthebuildingofhouses. J think,
therefore, it is proper to make this amendment.
Mr. KING. A good deal of the difficulties that
have grown out of this printing matter have been
from the influence and interest exercised by the
Cabinet officers. That has been the subject of
complaint, and I think justly. As I understand
this resolution, it transfers this matter entirely to
the Secretary of the Interior. I will say, and it
is due to the present Secretary of the Interior,
from the long acquaintance which I have had with
him, to say, that! have confidence in him as a fair
and honest man. I think Jacob Thompson is
entitled to confidence in the discharge of public
duties; I regard him as an honest man; but this
is referred to him as an officer of the Cabinet. I
think it better that the law should stand as it is,
and that the matter should not be under the con-
trol of an Executive Department. It is referred
to the Secietary of the Interior, absolutely and
entirely, as I understand thcresolution. I prefer
another mode of doing the printing; but, as the
bill passed, it was put under the Superintendent
of Public Printing, subject to the advice and con-
trol of the joint committee of the two Houses. I
think that a better body than to refer it to a Cab-
inet officer.
Mr. DAVIS. The only matterwhich it is pro-
posed to leave to the Secretary of the Interior, is
,he purchase or the building of a house, with the
machinery for printing in it. It has nothing to
do with the printing, though the Senator from
York argued as if ithad. It does not relate
atallto theprinting. Theexplanatoryacttouches
only the building—the purchase or the construc-
tion of it.
Mr. KING. Will the Senator state what the
obiect of the purchase of this building is, and of
tins machinery and types ?
Mr. DAVIS. For a printing office.
Mr. KING. Exactly. Is it to do any printing?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator is so careless of
his own position as not to have read the joint res-
olution adopted by the Senate and the House, and
not to know that there is nothing except that por-
tion to which this explanatory resolution refers,
it is hardly incumbent upon me to explain. The
section to which this amendatory resolution is
proposed has nothing to do with the printing; it
refers only to the preparing or purchase of a
house.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask, for information,
if it does not cover the type and printing mate-
rials?
Mr. DAVIS. I should think it covered the pur-
chase or preparation of a house, with a press in
it, and with the materials necessary for printing;
either the purchase of a printing establishment,
or the construction of a house, and putting a press
and type into it. If it be preferred to leave the
purchase of the type and mateiial in the hands of
the Superintendent of Printing, as a practical
printer, very well.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose it would occur
to the gentleman's mind, as it has to mine, that,
perhaps, the Superintendent of Printing would
be a better agency for the purchase of printing
materials than a Cabinet officer.
Mr. DAVIS. I grant you it may be so. The
amendatory resolution is directed either to the
purchase or the construction of a house. That
is the object. I explained, when I first rose, why
I thoughtitproperthatitshould notall be thrown
into the hands of one officer, and that officer
selected by act of Congress, who, however ex-
pert he may be in printing and m printing mate-
rials, is not supposed to be equally expert in
judging of a house or building a house. It does
not belong necessarily to the pursuit of a Printer
that he should know about building, or be a judge
of building, and the explanatory legislation is di-
rected to that purpose only; and if the Senator
from New York had read it, instead of going off
in his zeal to make an unnecessary fling at the
Cabinet and the present Administration, I think
it likely he would have been saved all his remarks.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me to be en-
tirely wrong to change the officer who is to have
charge.of the furnishing of this building for the
purpose in view. I disagree with the Senator
fiom Mississippi entirely in this matter. I think
the Superintendent of Printing is not only better
acquainted with printing, and therefore better
fitted for purchasing printing materials, but that
he [v also-better fitted to have a printing office built
than the Secretary of the Interior, or any other
person not acquainted with such a building can
be. A printing office is a peculiar sort of build-
ing; it requires a great deal more light than any
other building. There is a peculiarity in its con-
struction. There are very few well-built print-
ing offices in the country, very few inthewoild.
The one now here, belonging to Mr. Wendell, is
the best arranged printing office, in every partic-
ular, in the world. I do not see what peculiar
qualification Mr. Thompson, honest and honor-
able gentleman as he is, can have for building a
printing office. He knows nothing about the busi-
ness of printing, and he knows nothing of ar-
chitecture or building. Altogether, I think it is
wrong to bring in this question now, consuming
the time at this moment of the session which can
be so much better employed, and when Senators
are not prepared to reflect upon it. I think wc
had better leave the subject where we left it the
other day.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me to say to him that I do
not bring it m at the last moment. I brought it
in immediately after the former bill passed, the
very next day; and that it is thus late in being
brought before the Senate results from its having
been bent to a committee; and it is now brought
back.
Mr. FITCH. The range which the debate has
taken compels me to make some explanatory re-
marks in relation to this matter. I reported this
joint resolution back at the earliest possible mo-
ment. It was only referred to the committee, I
think, the day before yesterday. I sought, yes-
terday, to get an opportunity to report it back.
My object in moving its reference to the Commit-
tee on Printing was simply this: the joint icso-
lution contained a seeming reflection on the Super-
intendent of Public Printing—a reflection which,
although I know it was notdesigned, yet appeared
to be involved, and there was nothing in his past
official career justifying a shadow of srspirion of
his integiity. The select committee of the Senate,
who had had his conduct under investigation,
had so reported. My official intercourse with him
has convinced me of that fact. I desired that his
attention should be called to this proposed amend-
ment of the former joint resolution; and upon its
being referred to the committee, 1 submitted it to
him. For myself, I see no insurmountable objec-
tion to the joint resolution; yet it is m opposition
to certain views which I had entertained in report-
ing the resolution of which it is explanatory. It
is well known that the present system of public
printing is visited with a vast amount of odium,
and probably in part correctly. That odium has
been'increased by the connection of Government
officers with the printing; by the manner in which
the profits have been distributed to favorite par-
tisans, and by those partisans for political pur-
poses. I desire to relieve the new system of the
possibility of any suspicion being attached to it
of its being an Administration measure. I sup-
posed I should entitle myself to the thanks of the
A4mmistration for disconnecting it entirely from
the printing.
The office duties of the Superintendent are of a
mixed character. They pertain mostly to out-
legislation, although he is appointed by the Pres-
ident. The law compels the President to appoint
to this office a practical printer. He being a prac-
tical printer, I supposed he would be the best
judge of the capacity and the interior arrange-
ment of a building, as well as of the kind and
quantity of material to put within it. These, and
these alone? were the motives which induced me,
as an individual, to -impose upon him the duties'
it is now proposed shall be discharged by another-
officer of the Government.
Mr. COLLAMER.. Let me ask why this change^
has been proposed?
Mr. FITCH. I cannot explain, for I do not*
know. The checks upon him by the original law
arc, in my estimation, amply sufficient. The print
cipal check is the Joint Committee on Printing.
We know bow that committee is constituted*and
must be during this Congress—one half Opposi-
tion, one half Democratic. Wc have in that fact
alone a sufficient guarantee that neither political
party, as represented in this branch or the other,
nor the political parties throughout the country,
can charge that this is a partisan measure. It will
go into operation, then, under auspices almost
wholly different from any great governmental
scheme of such a nature which has been inaugu-
rated for years past. It will have nothing of par-
tisanship about it. I desired to avoid anything of
that kind, and therefore not to associate any Cab-
inet officer with it, unless it became absolutely
essential. But, at the same time,I repeat, I shall
not object to this joint resolution. It places the
initiation of the new plan in the hands of an of-
ficer of equal honesty, integrity, and capacity,
perhaps, with any citizen of the United States—
I cannot speak in too exalted terms of his char-
acter in that respect—yet he is unskilled in mat-
ters pertaining to printing; lie is a member of the
Cabinet, and the connection of his name with It
will give the new system the appearance of being
an Administration measure,
I handed this jointrcsolution, as I have already
stated to the Senate, to the Superintendent of
Public Printing, for the purpose of obtaining his
views. His views are contained in a letter which
I ask the Clerk to read. It will be seen that he is
anxious to be relieved from the duty imposed
upon him by the joint resolution formerly passed.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Office of Superintendent of Public Printing,
June 21, 1860.
Sir : In accordance with your request, I have examined
the joint icsointion supplemental)'to the joint resolution
in relation to the public piinung. ft proposes to substitute
the Seciotaiy of the Intel ior for the Supeiintendent of Pub-
lic Pinning, as the officei who shall a contract for the erec-
tion 0! putcha^cof the necessaiy buildings,machmeiyj and
matciials lor the execution of the public printing and bind-
ing; &aid contract to be subject to the approval of the Joint
Committee on Printing of the two Houses of Congress."
I can .see no possible objection to the supplementary joint
resolution, and should bo gratified at its parage. The pres-
ent duties of my otfice are sufficiently laborious and re-
sponsible, and 1 have no wish to add to them one which
will be both oneiotn and embarrassing. If its execution is
devolved upon me, however, I shall discharge it to my best
ability, and with an eye single to the interests of the Gov-
ernment.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JOHN HEART, Superintendent.
lion. G. N. Fitch, Chairman Commiltecon Printing of the
Senate of the United Slates.
Mr. FITCH. I have no desire to consume the
time of the Senate, at this hour of the session, in
debating the measure. Tite officer who is now
charged with the duty desires to be relieved; and
I see no objection to relieving him, except the fear
of the partisan character which may then be given
to the measure; and, of course, to that I cannot
be expected to interpose any political objections.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say that, in offering this
explanatory resolution, it was not designed by me
at all to rcflcct upon the Superintendent of Public
Printing, a gentleman whom I have known for a
long time, and whom I regard very highly.
Mr. WILSON. I doubt whether it is worth
while for us to spend one moment of our time in
considering this resolution. I doubt the expedi-
ency of making the proposed change. The mat-
ter seem* to be well enough now. I move, there-
fore, to lav this resolution on the table.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether,
if the resolution is really objected to, it can be
passed to-day.under the rules?
Mr. DAVIS. It was introduced some days
a^o, and referred to a committee, and has been
reported back by the committee to-day; so that
one objection cannot prevent its consideration.
The' question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Wilson's motion, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Oiark,
