THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
CoIUmer, Dooiittle, Dorkee, Fessenderi, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Harlan. King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, and Wtifion—18.
NAYS—Messrs. JJigler, Bragg, Brown, Davis, Fitcli,
Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Kice, Toombs, Wigfall, and
Yulee-23.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out from
this resolution the words directing the Secretary
of the Interior to purchase the machinery and the
materials for the printing. It seems to me that
had better certainly be left to the Superintendent
of Printing.
Mr. DAVIS. If I have the power to do so, I
will accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The amendment must be
voted upon by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. My objection to this resolution
was that there had been already proof that there
was a great deal of impropriety of conduct, to
say the least, resulting from a control of the Cab-
inet, of the Aministration here, over the profits
and the business of public printing, and I hod
hoped thoy would have been willing to be relieved
from any care over or charge of it. The majority
of the Senate may do as they please with this
matter; but I regret to see this supplementary
resolution, the only objcct of which is to lake
away the control of this' matter from the Super-
intendent of Public Printing and the committees
of the two Houses, and carry it back to the Cab-
inet, to the Administration. That is my objec-
tion to it, and it is one which will induce me to
vote against this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. The objection really has nothing
in it. The Senator speaks of a Superintendent
of Printing, when the question before us is in re-
lation to a house. Is he the superintendent of
the construction and purchase of houses ? Or does
the Senator from New York choose to pervert
from its plain meaning the proposition before us?
Mr. KING. I think the Senator from Missis-
sippi is mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. Mistaken in what >
Mr. ICING. But I know it is a hopeless task
to convince him of such a fact.
The resolution, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. YULEE called for the yeas and nays upon
its passage; and they were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Uigler, lirown, Davis,
rick. (Jre-Mi,Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hantei, IverMm,
Jolmr-on of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason,
JPearre, Rice, Toombs, Wigfall, and Yttlce—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Coilamer, Doolutle, Purkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fo?.ter,
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, anil VVil-on—20.
So the joint resolution was passed.
011DHR 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. YULEE. I move, now, that the Senate
take up House bill No. 714, which is the post route
bill. I shall have a good many amendments to
oITit to it, and it is very desirable that it should
reach the House as early as possible.
Mr. B1GLER. The Senator from Florida is
aware of a local bill relating to the city of Phila-
delphia 
Mr. YULEE. Let the post route bill be taken
up, and then 1 will yield it informally, and allow
that bill to be considered.
Mr. KING. I insist on the regular order of
business. I insist on the public bill.
Mr. IVI5RSON. The question is a debatable
one, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is.
Mr. IVERSON. I propose to debate it for a
few minutes, at least. I hope the motion will not
prevail, but that the Senate wiil proceed to the
special order, which is the consideration of the
Private Calendar. I desire simply that the Pri-
vate Calendar shall be taken up and House bills
alone considered. If we do not consider them
to-day, they never will be considered duiing the
present session. The House of Representatives
have acted upon all the Senate private bills which
have been sent to them; and now, as ail act of
courtesy to the House, I think we ought to recip-
rocate it, and act on all private bills which they
have sent to us. Besides, itis an act of justice to
those parties who have got their bills through the
House of Representatives, and unless we act on
them to-day, they cannot be acted upon at all.
The President will not consider them unless they
are passed to-day. He has so announced. He
will not consider any private bill that is sent to
him after to-day. If, therefore, the friends of
those private bills which come from the House of
Representatives are disposed td do justice to pri-
vate claimants, let us take up the House private
bills. There are only some forty-six of them,
and it is not probable that many of them will give
rise to debate. We shall get through with them
in the course of two or three hours, and then I
shall be willing to take up the post route bill.
To-morrow will be time enough for that. The
President will have no difficulty in signing that
bill whenever it goes to him; but the private bills
will all go by the board, unless the Senate takes
up the Private Calendar to-day. 1 shall not ask
for the consideration of any Senate bill. It is
unnecessary to spend time on the Senate private
bills now; but 1 trust, as an act of justice lo pri-
vate claimants who have had their bills passed
through the House of Representatives, as an act
of courtesy to the House, who have acted on our
bills, that we shall take them up and acton them.
I hope, therefore, the motion of the Senator from
Flonda will not prevail.
Mr. YULEE. 1 think it would be much more
courteous to the House of lie preventatives for
us to act first on their bills which will require
their further consideration. Upon this bill there
will be necessaiily numerous amendments which
would propeily have been attached to the Post
Office appropriation bill for 1861, but that it was
thought best by the Senate to pass that bill with-
out amendment. It is, therefore, desirable, and
certainly I should think it would be much more
acceptable to the House, that we should act first
upon this bill, because upon private bills we call
act afterwards at any time when it may lie con-
venient to tin1 Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of (lie Senator from Floiida to
take up for consideration the post route bill.
The, motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIC4LER. I' hope the Senator will now
consent to take up the bill which relates to the
construction of public buildings in Philadelphia.
Mr. YtJLEIi. 1 will nut object to the Sena-
tor's desire if there be unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. I'lGLKR. I mo\e to take up House bill
No. 814,
Mr. KING. What is the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the title of the bill for information.
The Shohetauy. The bill (II. II. No. 814) is
a bill providing for the erection of a post office in
the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. 1',1GLER. 1 hope there will be no objec-
tion. This is shecrly a local matter of great in-
terest to the city of Philadelphia. 1 should like to
know whence the objection comes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will ,
repeat the inquiry to satisfy the Senator from i
Pennsylvania. Is objection made to taking up
House bill No. 814?
Mr. CLARK. I object.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask permission to introduce
a resolution for reference to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to all business ex- '
cept that which is before the Senate. I think we j
consume more time in this way than we gain. |
Mr. BRAGG. Let the resolution be read: it -
will not take a moment. I
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what it is, j
and I therefore do not objcct because of the res-
olution: but the Senator from North Carolina i
must see that, at this stage of the session, when !
we get up a public bill, we ought to proceed with ]
it; and if one Senator asks to postpone it, and
another wants unanimous consent to bring in
something else, time is consumed. :
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen- !
ator object to the reception of the resolution? I
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object, not on account
of this resolution, but I insist upon going on reg-
ularly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 714) establishing certain post routes is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The question is on the amendments reported by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
which will be read.
Mr. YULEE. I will statefor the information
of the Senate, that returning to an ancient and S
think very good usage, 1 sent the bill, which came
from the House of Representatives, establishing
post routes, to the Department, to be reviewed;
and such alterations have been made there as
were, in their opinion, necessary; mostly by strik- -
ing out routes already in existence, and by mod-
ifying others, so as to accomplish the best service;
and the same course was adopted with routes pro-
posed by Senators. I make this explanation,
because probably there are more alterations in.
the House bill, in the routes proposed by the
House, than has been usual heretofore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendments.
Mr. YULEE. It is hardly necessary to read
the amendments as to routes, unless some Senator
desires to hear them. The first section of the bill
simply establishes post routes, to which we have
added such as were desired by Senators, and which
the committee thought proper to adopt. It is
neither very useful nor interesting, I imagine, to
read the first section of the bill. #
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will lead the iii.st amendment.
The Secretary read it. It is to strike out of the
proposed routes in Alabama:
u Fioni Eutaula, liaibourcounty, via Buford, Texasvjlle,
Clopton, Skipix'rsville, Ozaik, ami Daloville, to Geneva,
in Coffee county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. There arc so many of these
amendments to routes that it will be found to be
a very tedious operation, and the reading of them
will receive no attention. I move that the read-
ing of the amendments proposed by the commit-
tee to the first section be dispensed with, and that
we vote upon them.
f Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as they establish
post routes only?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMRULL. I hope that will be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further reading of the amendments to the
first section of the bill, so far as they establish
post routes, be dispensed with. By unanimous
consent, the vote may be taken on the amend-
ments, without their being read. The Chair hears
no objection. The motion is that the Senate
agree to all the amendments made by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to the
first section of the bill.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we are in the first
section, I desire to add a post route in the State
of Illinois, to come in at the end of the post routes
in that State:
Fiom Indianola to Cathn.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out the second
section of the House bill, in these words:
u Sec.2. Jhid he it further cnacted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby directed to advertise immediately for
proposals for catryins tlie mail on the route** above mimed,
ko that service thereon may commence on thp 1st of Octo-
ber next, or as soon therealter'as is practicable."
Mr. YULEE. This section is an unusual one.
It proposes to require the Postmaster General to
advertise immediately, and establish these routes.
The committee thought it proper to recommend
to the Senate to strike it out, and leave it, as here-
tofore, to the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to put the service when and where it was
thought advisable in view of the means at the
disposal of the Depai trnent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the next amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the committee
to withdraw that amendment. The amendments
which we proposed to add to the bill as the sec-
ond and third sections, had for their purpose the
