820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3.
My colleague from the Schuylkill district [Mr.
Campbell] is reported in the Globe as saying;
" Why did my colleague [Mr. Florence] shrink fiom
giving his final vote against that bin?"
Well, I never shrink from giving my vote upon
#ny bill or any measure upon the floor of this
"HouSe, and I did not shrink then; I voted for the
bill. That is my explanation. And, in order that
the country may be informed—because everybody
is so anxious to have the country informed of what
they have done upon this floor—I may say that
I voted for the tariff bill of 1857, because I feared
a very much worse result, just as my colleague
did. I saw a combination made against what was
understood to be the interest of Pennsylvania by
gentlemen from the "West, assisted by gentlemen
from the East, from New England, and by mem-
bers of the southern Opposition. A combination
was made to get in railroad iron free of duty. And
I may say here, in justice to gentlemen from the
South, who contend always for a principle, and a
, well recognized principle of the Government, that
they resisted the onslaught that was made upon
Pennsylvania, bccause why* Because,although
they desired a reduction of the tariff, they did not
desire or wish, nor would they permit, that the
single interest of Pennsylvania should be stricken
down, and ail other interests be permitted to take
their course. I say, therefore, that 1 voted for the
tariff bill of 1857, or rather the report of the com-
mittee of conference, fearing, as a faithful Repre-
sentative, a worse result to what I understood to
be tho vital interest of Pennsylvania.
Now, sir, one thing more. My colleague from
the Westmorland district [Mr. Covode] 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let me suggest that Mr
Covode is absent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not care if he is ab-
sent. I will correct his record, and he moy cor-
rect mine when he returns. [Laughter.] I trust
he has not " dodged," because T want to correct
cans
the record so far as my doaging is concerned. I
trust my colleague has paired off. [Laughter.]
Mr. McPHERSON. Yes, sir; he has paired
off with Mr. Leake, of Virginia.
Mr. FLORENCE. I thought so; he is a pretty
careful man. He is reported as saying:
i: There is another matter, Mr. Clcik, m rctVu'iiee to (lie
gentleman from the tirst distitct, on which F d^Qire to say a
woid. Notwithstanding he stood with us dm iu  the whole
struggle previously when Afr. Phillip*, of Pennsylvania,
who was a member of the Committee of Way* and Means
became almost a loader in that contest, ye*, ssir, mv col
league, the gentleman from the fir^t distiiet, [Sir. Flor-
ence,] absented himself from the House upon the tinal vote.
Yes, sir, three of the Itepiesentativcs Irom P<'nn.«yhMmft,
who had pledged themselves to stand hy us to the last,
were found among the missing when the pinch came.
[Laughter.]"
Did I absent myself from the House > On the
contrary, I voted and made the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the Treasury note clause
Was defeated; and I did that from a sincere con-
viction of duty. I had stood with the members
of the Pennsylvania delegation up to tho moment
when the time-piece of the House .showed h;ilf
past six o'clock in the morning; but, sir, when
then I found that the wheels of the Government
were likely to be stopped, when I found that the
public creditors, about whom the other side seem
to be so anxious to get an organization, in order
that they may be paid, were likely to suffer if the
appropriation bills were notpassed, or if no pro vis-
ion was made to furnish money for their service,
I made the motion, after having previously voted
in the affirmative against the Treasury note clause,
to reconsider the vote by which that clause was
defeated. { made that motion, sir, because I be-
lieved that it was idle, that it was wild—although
I differed in opinion from my then colleague, Mr.
Phillips, a gentleman not now a member of Con-
gress—to expect a change of the act of 1857 at
that late hour of the session. 1 still believe that
the law of 1857 could not be changed at that late
hour of the session, when there were but five and
a half hours left to us to mature several of the
appropriation bills, ^nd to pass three or four. I
Relieving that no practical good could be attained \
by even the reenactmentof the law of 1846, which 1
I most desired, 1 made the motion to reconsider 1
the vote by which the Treasury note clause was ;
defeated. Afterwards 1 did vote for the Treasui y |
note clause providing for the issue by the Govern- ■
ment of ^0,000,000 of Treasury notes. '
Mr, HOUSTON. 1 ask the gentleman from |
Pennsylvania whether lie does not recollect an- j
other thing in connection with that vote: does he
not know tho fact that even if the tariff had been
changed at that session of Congress, which was
an utter impossibility at that late hour of the ses-
sion; even if the tariff of 1846 or any other tariff
had been restored in place of the existing tariff,
the passage of a Treasury note bill would have
been an absolute necessity m order to save the
credit of the Government? In other words, does
not the gentleman know that whatever tariff the
House passed, it would not have answered the
immediate wants of the Government—that the
Treasury note bill would have been necessary to
raise money for the immediate use of the Govern-
ment even if the rates of duty were changed?
Mr. FLORENCE. Of course I knew that fact;
and it was another reason of those that impelled
me to vote as 1 did. I thank the gentleman from
Alabama for the suggestion; otherwise I might,
perhaps, have forgotten the fact, and he has, it
may be, expressed it better than I could myself.
Now, sir, my colleague [Mr. Covode] said that
the Secretary of the Treasury went round the
House that night, talking to the members from
Pennsylvania, and, by implication, persuading
them to abandon the position they occupied. Mr.
Clerk, no Cabinet officer talked to me that night
on the subject, nor did any of them attempt in any
way to persuade me against my judgment. They
are not in the habit of talking" to me. I have an
opinion of my own, and 1 express it pretty plainly
upon this floor. None of those officially intimate in
their association with the President, especially tho
Secretary of the Treasury, spoke to me that night.
I met the Secretary of the Treasury somewhere in
the Hall, outside the bar of the House, but noth-
ing passed between us beyond the usual salutation
that gentlemen address to each other when they
meet. 1 asked him, "How do you do, sir?" and
he responded, salutingme. No otherwordspassed
between him and myself. I act from convictions
of duty; that 1 want my colleagues to understand;
and I fiad acted throughout the last session upon
my convictions of duty. I exercise my best judg-
ment m all that concerns my duty as a Repre-
sentative here. I am responsible, tomyeonatitu-
cnts for that action, and to none others—to no
person or persons beside.
Mr. CAMPBELL, if my colleague will per-
mit me one moment, I will make an inquiry. 1
understand that, at half past five o'clock m the
morning, the gentleman voted against the Treas-
ury note bill, and that about half past six o'clock
in the morning he voted for it. Now, I would
very respectfully ask the gentleman whether tho
Secretary of the Tr< asury did, or did not, send a
pogc to him between half past five o'clock and
half past six ?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir! No, sir, he did
not; and I am surprised that my colleague would
here, upon the lloor of this House, propound an
interrogatory of that nature tonic. In what I did,
f repeat, 1 was governed by a sincere conviction
of duty, and by nothing olae. If my colleague
will permit me, I will correct him; it was not a
Treasury note bill, but a clause in the civil appro-
priation bill, if I recollect rightly, authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes.
I will now resume my remarks, Mr. Clerk,
where I left them when interrupted by my col-
league. However, sir, that there may be no mis-
take, I will add further, that no gentleman con-
nected with the Administration, by note or other-
wise, orally or in writing, communicated with me
on the subject at all.
Mr. Phillips, my then colleague, and who was
a member of the Committee of Way 5 and Means—
the gentleman my colleague [Mr. Covode] has con-
stituted into a leader, intimating that ho was our
leader here at that time—he, sir, was aware of the
conclusion at which I arrived. He expostulated
with me. He differed with me in the course Ifeltit
to be my duty to pursue; and whilst I changed the
position I had occupied during the session, it is,
perhaps, due to truth and justice to say that he did
not. He, sir, continued m the position which he
occupied; and, ut the end of the session, was as
persistently opposed to the Treasury note meas- |
ure as he was at any time previously. He had
the insane notion — if I may so call it, for it
amounted to nothing but insanity—that, if this
Treasury note clause had not been passed, the
tariff bill could hove been passed within those
three or four hours. I did not think so. A gen-
tleman near me remarks that he did not know as
much about legislation as I did. He had not as
much experience, that is clear.
While I am making personal explanations, I
desire to refer to another matter. I voted twice
upon this floor for the distinguished gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] I voted for
him because I regarded him as a highly intelligent,
conservative gentleman, and just such a person as
might be well intrusted with the duties of the.
Speakership. I understood him to be, and I have
since ascertained it beyond a shadow of doubt,
an old-line Whig, never having become a member
of the American organization, but acting with the
southern Opposition. Correspondents, in report-
ing the proceedings of this House, have twice
chosen to impute to me other objects and other
purposes than I had in view. I voted for that gen-
tleman with great pleasure, because he was an old-
line Whig, and not because he was a member of
the American or Know Nothing party, as it is
called. I do not use the latter term in any offens-
ive spirit, for I do not wish to speak of parties by
any but their recognized names. Yet, as I re-
marked, correspondents have, for their own pur-
poses, communicated for facts glaring falsehoods,
one of which is, that I voted for Mr. Maynapd
because he was a Know Nothing; and another,
that I voted for him in order to get a consideration
from the American side of the House for another
purpose. I have ncvcrsolicited a gentleman upon
that side of the House in reference to anything
concerning myself. I stand or fall upon the po-
sition that I am entitled to occupy upon this floor
as a member of this House. I ask favors of no
one, nor do I seek them.
Mr. COBB. Do you grant them?
Mr. FLORENCE. Sometimes I do. I be-
lieved it my duty to vote for just such a gentle-
man to organize this House, and in casting that
vote, I consulted no one upon the subject. I sat-
isfied myself in reference to the exact position of
that gentleman, and being so satisfied,! voted for
him: nnd I may probably cast my vote for another
gentleman occupying the same position, and
without any personal motive upon God's earth
TIII3 SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. CLEMENS. The hour is now so far
advanced, and tho timc*I had allotted to myself
has been so much occupied with this desultory
discussion, carried on with my own acquiescence,
that I have determined to postpone what I had to
say to some future season. 1 do not believe that
the fate of the country hangs on my lips, or that
there will be any public deprivation in conse-
quence of not hearing from me in this particular
crisis of the country, and perhaps I can well
afford to procrastinate my renuuks under the
belief that possibly a little more time, and a little
more delibciation, will enable me to present
something to my constituents that may be worthier
than I can at this time, in the crude state of my
mind. I yield the floor to the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,] with my thanks
for his courtesy.
Mr. WINSLOW. Unlesssomegentleman upon
the opposite side of the House wishes to occupy
the time, I wiil move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the gentleman
from North Carolina that we have a call of the
House, to see how we stand.
Mr. WINSLOW. I would not do anything in
the world to embarrass anv proceeding having in
view an organization, but I say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that I know a vote cannot be taken
to-day. I know that some five or six gentlemen
are absent. If, however, the gentleman wishes
a call of the House, I have no objection to it.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina say, if the House now adjourns,
that his side will be here prepared with their men
to vote to-morrow ?
Mr. WINSLOW. I cannot say that. I have
no doubt some of the absentees will be here.
They were detained in consequence of a failure
to make a connection. I presume they will be
here to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know if it is the
intention of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, to postpone the election of a Speaker and
an organization of the House, until all accidents
