2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
these, loo, in a separate bill. I put it to the House
whether we are not here appropriating $40,000
for miscellaneous items without a single member
knowing to what particular purposes the money
is to be devoted.
1 do not care whether the appropriation is stricken
out or not. I take it to-be the duty of the House,
however, to strike out every dollar, unless it is
shown for what purpose it is to be expended. If
there be good reason shown why this appropria-
tion should be £40,000 instead of $20,000, I will
cheerfully go for it. I am perfectly satisfied that the
House will vote in this appropriation of §40,000.
I believe it would as readily vote §140,000 as this
$40,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the gentleman
from Georgia, I will read a single paragraph from
a specch made by the gentleman two years ago.
He said:
None of tills money can l e drawn from the Treasury
except upon accounts arul vouchors passed by the Com-
mittee ot Accounts.*'
At the bend of that committee is my friend from
New York, [Mr. Spinner.] if the money be not
disbursed properly, if improper vouchors are al-
lowed to pass, then we must hold that committee
responsible.
Mr. BURNETT. Let me say a word or two
in reference to tin* appropriation for binding, in
order to set myself right. I was not present this
morning when the gentleman from Ohio made
his lenmrks. He stated, i understand, that we
permitted this bill to pass, during the last Con-
gress, withoutthe pioviso in reference to the bind-
ing', which the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union passed yesterday and recom-
mended to the House should be incorpoiated in
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say anything
about it.
Mr. BURNETT. Let me say that I would
have voted for this proviso at the last Congress.
I made the motion; but while I was upon the floor,
the chief clerk of Mr. Allen came in and stated
that there had been a contract made fortius bind-
ing, when, in fact, none existed at the time. I
then withdrew my motion. I understood the gen-
tleman tc state that this binding has been lot at.\
less rate than that which i have fixed by my
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that a < 011-
ti.u't has been made at sixty cents per volume.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would like, befoie the
House again votes down a salutary reform, that
we should know certainly that a contract has been
made. "We would have adopted this amendment
at the last Congiess if tin- House had not been
misled by the Chief Clerk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that { will not
vote for a proposition to compel the binding to be
done by Mr, Rives, if we cannot trust the'Cleik
of the House with this executive function, we
ought to turn him out. We ought not peiompto-
rily com pel Mr. Rives to do this binding at the
rate we fix. i will trust the Clerk. If he does
not propeily discharge his duties, then wo ought
to remove him. i demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
First amendment:
Sluke out (he wouis u and the mevscneer in charge of
the south and insert "£1,81)0;"' MMhat
it will read
For two mail boy«, at.«:?)()() each, $1,800.
Mr. ADRA1N. I was absent from the Hall
by illness yesterday when this amendment was
adopted, I only want to state that 1 believe this
messenger for the south extension is necessary.
I call for telleis.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Aprain were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 77; whereupon
Mr. MAYN ARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. CharlesF. Adams,Gieen Adam*. Allen.
A-inm/K', Avon, Babbitt, Barrett, Beale, Boeoek, Bon-
ham. Bnteier, Brab>on, Bri&tow, Burch, Burnett, Carey.
John 11. CI,irk, Clopton, Cobb, Cox, James, Craig. Burtoii
Cia;^\ <'inwibid. Casiy, D:\\idson, John G. Ua\ss, Do
Jaruetic. Edimmdson, Kthi'iulge. Frank, Gartn-11, Harde-
man, John T Ifani1--. ilatton, Hawkins, Hill, Holman,
Houmoiu William Howrud, Hughes, liutchma, Jaek-on.
lenkms, Laiuirtim, DeWitt C. Leach; James Ai. Leach,
Lovejoy, Mallory, Maynard, McQueen, Miles, Millson,
Laban T. Mooic, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Niblack,
Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelp>, Pi)or, Pugh, Citi.tiles.
James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stallwortb, James A. Stew-
art, Stokes, Tayloi, Thomas, Vance, Waldron, Wilson,
Winslow, and Wright—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrich, Alley, William C. An-
derson, Ashley, Bingham, Blake, Brayton, Brings, Buffin-
ton, Burlmgaine, Bumham, Butteifield, Campbell, Caiter,
Case, Clark B- Cochrane, Colfax, Curti<, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edserton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Ferry,
Florence, Foster, Fi end), Gooch, Graham,Grow, Gurley, J.
Moruj-on Hani&, Haskin, Ilelmick, Hickman, William A.
Howard, Ilumphiey, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kilgoie, Kilhngei, Lee, Longnoekcr, Loomis, Maclay,
Marston, Chailes D.Maitin, MeKean, McKmght,Mcpher-
son, Milhvard, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Isaac N.
Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olm, I'erry, Pcttit, Potter, Pottle,
Reynolds, Ilice, Rigss, Christopher Robinson, Ro\ce,
Sehwailz, Seranton, Sedgwick,Somes, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker,
Tompkins, Ttain, Trimble, Van Wyek, Veriee, Wade,
Walton, Elhhu B. Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, Webster,
Wells, YVindotn, Wood, and WoodrulF—138.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. REAGAN stated that he would have voted
in the affirmative had ho been within the bar when
his name was called.
Mr. WOODSON said: I have paired off with
Mr. Faiwswortii upon all questions of a politi-
cal aspect, and this question having assumed a
political aspect, I shall not vote.
Mr. ADRAIN. I will say to the gentleman
from Missouri that i cannot perceive the object
of his stating that this is a political question. I
do notsoe that politics has anything: to do with it.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
gentleman himself to decide.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Second amendment:
Line one Immhcd and twenty-six, strike out " .$40,000,"
and tnscit '• $*20,000so that the clause will lead:
For miscellaneous items, §;20,000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not know that there
is anything which can more profitably employ
our tune just now (the Japanese embassy was
within the Hall of the House) than a call of the
yeas and nays; therefore I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question wa.s put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas Sii, nays 99; as follows:
Crtoii Adam-*. A.-bninn-, A\ci\, B.ir-
lett, He,lie. Koeork, Bonhani, Hoteler, Btabson, Bi.ineh,
IWi-tow, Bmeh, Burnett, Horace F. Cl.uk, John B. Claik,
Clopton, Cobb, John ('oehiane, Co\, James Cui<r, Burton
Craijje, Ciawloid, Cmiy, l).t\ni,.on, John C. Davis, I>e
Jaineiie, Ednunulsoii, Fouke, Gaittell, Gilmei, Hamilton,
llauleman, John T Hams, Hatton, Hawkins, Holman,
Houston, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Kent. Killmuer, kunkel, Laud rum, lames M, Leach, Love,
Maclav, Mai lory, M.ij natd, MeUueen, MeRac, .Miles, Mill
'-on, L.iban T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris,
NeKon, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Pr> 01, Qu.n le<, Reagan,
Kiggs, James C. Robinson, Rutlin, William Smith, William
N. H. Smith, Stallwoith, Stanton, Jaine-, A. Stewart,
Stoker. Stom,Ta> lor, Theakei, Thomas, \ ance, Waldron,
Webster, Win-low , and Wiignt—
NAYS — Mosm^. Charles F. Adams. Adrain, Aldrieh,
Alley, William C. Andei^on, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, Bi.iUnn, ButUuron, BuiJingauic,
Buinham, Buticrtield, Campbill, Caiev,'Caiter, Case,
Claik B. Coelnane, Collav, Conkhng, Co\ode, 11. Wuitei
f>a\ i*, Oaw< *•, Delano, Duell, Dunn", Kdyeiton, Edward•>,
Kliot, Fly, lOtheudire, F<'Jiton, Fer.v, Florence, Fo.=>tei,
Fiank, Fieneh, (.'laii.im, Grow, 11,i>kin. llelmiek, Hick-
man, lioaid, Wilham A. Hou.irtl, Ihimjiluev Hutehms,
h \ me. Junlun, Kilgoie, Lee, fieomis, iiovejov, Maiston,
Chailes I) Martin, MeKean, MeKnight, MePJierson, iNhll-
watd, Montgomery, Mooihoad, .Mon ill. Ldu ard Joy Morris,
Morse, Nibha k, Olm, Peri}'. Pcttit, Potter, Pottle, Key-
noliN, Rice, Cbrislophej Bobjiivon, Jto>ee, Schwait/;,
Seranton, Sedgwiek, Sherman, Some-:. Spinner, Wilhmn
Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayei, Tompkins, Tumble,
Van W>ek, Veriee, Wade, Walton,Elhhu B. W.ishbume',
I<r.icl Wa^hbuin, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, Wood, and
Woodruff—139.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. DUNN stated that Mr. Logan had paired
off with Mr. Somes.
Mr. SIMMS stated that, had he been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that, as his colleague
upon the Committee on Enrolled Rills [Mr.
Theaker] was unable to be here, he had paired
off with him.
Tiie result was announced as above recorded.
Third amendment;
At the end of line one bundled and thirty-two, add ihe
following proviso:
Provided further, That the publisher of the Giole &liall
fold, bind, and deliver the same to the oider of the llous-e,
the copies of the Globe ordered tor the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, for the membcis and Delegates of the [(resent Con-
gress, at a price riot exceeding sixty-three cents per volume
for each volume actually bound.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nuys.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Avery, Barrett, Bo-
cock, Boteler, Brab&on, fcianch, Bureh, Burnett, Horace
F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Cox, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, De JaTnctte, Edmundson, Gai-
treil, Hardeman, John T. Hams, Hawkins, Hill, Holman,
Houston, William Howaid, Jenkins, Keitt, Kunkel, Lan-
drum, Jame* M. Leach, MeRae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham
Moore, Niblack, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Quailes,
Reagan, Ituflm, Simms, Singleton,'William Smith,William
N. II. Smith, Stallwoith, btevensoit, James. A. Stewart,
Taylor, Thomas, WmsJow, and Wright—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Gieen Adams, Ad-
ram, Aldrieh, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Ban, Bcale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briircs,
Bri&tow, Buttinton, Burlmgaine, Burnham, Buttei field,
Campbell, Caicy, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Covodc,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Fos-
ter, Frank, French, Gihner, Gooeh, Graham, Grow, Gurlev,
J. Morrison Harris, Haskin, Hehnick, Hickman. Hoard,
Humphrey, Hutehms, Irvine, Junkin, Kilgoie, Kdlingei,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Maclay, Marston, Chailes D. Martin, Maynard, MeKean,
McKmght, McPheison, Millward,Montgohiery, Laban T.
Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, If-aac N. Morris, Moi>e, Neh< n,
Olin, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Pottle, Keynold.s, Rice,
Riggs, Ohri&topher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royee,
Scliwaru, Seranton, Sedgwiek, Sherman. Spinner, Stan-
ton, William Stow ait, Stokes, Stout, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Van Wyek, Veriee, Wade,
Waldron, Walton,Elhhu B. Washburiic. Israel Was hbuin,
Webster. WoIN, Windom, Wood, and Wctodiul!—110.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. HicKiiY, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (H. Jl.
No. 702) making appropriations for the construc-
tion of certain military roads in the Territory of
Washington; and an act (H. R. No. 695) for the
lelief of Ascnath M. Elliott, widow of Captain
Edward G. Elliott.
Also, that the Senate agree to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 290) to increase and regulate the pay of the
Navy of the United States.
Also, that the Senate had ordered the piinting
of certain documents.
Also, that the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the bill (S. No. 5) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1863, and request a com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing rotes
between the two Houses.
Mr. REAGAN. The Senate have notified the
House that they insist upon their amendments to
the Military Academy bill, and have appointed a
committee of conference upon the part of the Son-
ate, and ask that alike committee be appointed
upon the part of the House. I ask that a com-
mittee of conference be appointed by the Speaker.
The Speaker subsequently appointed as such
committee, Messrs. Stanton, Reagan, and Davis,
of Maryland.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Fourth amendment:
At the end of line one hundred and fifty-one, insert the
following proviso:
Provided juriher, That the reporter* of the House shall
not repoit any remark made by am menibei who i< not first
recognized by the Speaker or Chan man who may be pre-
siding at the time ; and that nothing said in the House, de-
clared to be out of oider, or that is ?-aid by one member
without leave when another is upon the floor, nor anything
not actually said in debate, shall be iepoited.5;
Mr. WALDRON called for tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
North Carolina, and Train were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 67, noes 46.
Mr. PERRY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILES. I "desire to ask a question for
information. There seems to be some diversity
of opinion among several of my friends as to the
construction to bo put upon this amendment.
What I desire to know is, whether, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, the amendment will rule out all
written speeches?
The SPEAKER. The Chu r will have the
