I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
would like to look at the bill. The same course
was pursued in reference to bill No. 233.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill wilt be passed
over for the present.
REPRESENTATIVES OF LOUIS MARNEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 250) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of Captain Louis Marney.
The bill and the report were read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that bill ought to
be looked further into; and I therefore object.
COLONEL PHILIP JOHNSTON AGAIN.
Mr. WINSLOW. I now withdraw my ob-
jection to House bill No. 249, for the relief of the
orohan children of Colonel Philip Johnston, and
offer the following amendment:
Provided, however, That the money hereby appropriated
shall be paid to said Johnston in person, or to such agentor
attorney as shall appear to the accounting officers of the
Treasury to be in nowise interested ift said sum or in any
part thcicof.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It will be remem-
bered that I called upon some one to explain why
it was that there was a partial payment in this
®'cnse, and I desire that information now. It was
half paid, according to the report. Now, I want
to know how it was that the Federal Government
paid a part and not the whole of that claim ? I
have no wish to obstruct the claim, but I shall
object unless I can have that information.
Mr. WINSLOW. I know nothing about it.
I only want the principle of this amendment to
apply to every case, as far as it can be done.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the bill.
CLEMENT GOSSELIN.
A bill (H. R. No. 251) for the relief of the heirs
ofClementGosselin. [Objected to by Mr. Curry.]
BASIL MIGNATJLT.
A bill (H. R. No. 252) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Basil Mignault.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The report in that
case is as long as the moral law; and-as the read-
ing may prevent the action of the House upon
some more meritorious claims, I object.
CAPTAIN SAMUEL MILLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 253) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Samuel Miller. [Objected to by Mr.
Anderson, of Missouri.]
JOIIN BAPTISTS LABONTE'S HEIRS.
A bill (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of the heirs
and descendants of John Baptiste Labonte, a cap-
tain in the revolutionary war. [Objected to by
Mr. Lovejoy.]
LIEUTENANT WILLIAMS'S ■REPRESENTATIVES.
A bill (H. R. No. 255) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Lieutenant Thomas Wil-
liams, a revolutionary officer. [Objected to by
Mr. Underwood.]
Mr. W1NSLOW. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope the gentleman will not
insist upon that motion. Let us go on with the
Calendar.
Mr. WINSLOW. Very well; I will withdraw
the motion.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I renew
the motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 37,
noes 65, upon the motion; no quorom voting.
Mr. TAPPAN. Before the committee rise, I
will ask them to allow the gentleman from Ala-
bama to withdraw his objection to the bill for the
relief of the heirs of Dr. George Yates.
Mr. CURRY. I am willing to withdraw my
objection if an amendment striking out the inter-
est is agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that bill.
The question was again put on Mr. Craige's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Phelps]
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar
under consideration, and«Jiad directed him to re-
port to ihe House (some with and some without
amendments) bills of the following titles:
A resolution (S. No. 11) for the relief of Com-
mander H. J. Hartstene, of the United States
Navy.
A bill (H. R. No. 229) for the relief of William
Brown.
A bill (C. C. No. 93) for the relief of Lydia
Frazee, widow and administratrix of John Frazee,
late of the city of New York.
A bill (C. C. No. 92) for the relief of Mariano
G. Vallejo.
A bill (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Shade
Calloway.
A bill (H. R. No. 31) for the relief of Charles
Knap.
A bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, New York.
A bill (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of the legal
representatives of five deceased clerks in the Phil-
adelphia custom-house.
A bill (H. R. No. 235) for the relief of congres-
sional township two north, of range nine west, of
the fourth principal meridian, in Adams county,
State of Illinois.
A bill (H. R. No. 23G) for the relief of John
Dixon.
A bill (II. R. No. 239) for the relief of George
F. Brott.
A bill (C. C. No. 82) for the relief of Charner
T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker.
A bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble.
A bill (H. R. No. 242) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Robert H. Morris, late post-
master of the city of New York.
A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased.
A bill (H. R. No. 245) for the relief of Maryett
Van Buskirk, heir of Thomas Van Buskirk.
A bill (H. It. No. 246) for the relief of the heirs
of Major John Ripley.
A bill (H. R. No. 247) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Francis Chaudonet.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
jVIr. COLFAX. On that motion, I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TAPPAN. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his motion until the bills from the Com-
mittee of the Whole have been acted on.
Mr. WINSLOW. Very well; I will withdraw
it, but will renew it again presently
Mr. TAPPAN. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon all the bills reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
There is no rule of this House by which the pre-
vious question can be called upon more than one
bill a't a time. I have no objection to the previous
question being called upon all the Court of Claims
bills reported from the Committee of the Whole
House; but I object to its being called upon all
the bills reported.
Mr. TAPPAN. I suggest, then, that the bills
be read over, and the previous question called
upon such as no objection is made to.
'Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that
course.
The SPEAKER. That will be the course,
there being no objection.
The Cleric then proceeded to read the titles of
the bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand separate votes on
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of five deceased clerks in the Philadelphia cus-
tom-house; on the bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased;
on the bill for the relief of the heirs of Major
John Ripley, and on the bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Francis Chaudonet.
Mr. FLOREN CE. I call for the previous ques-
tion on all the bills upon which no separate votes
are asked.
Mr. STANTON. Amendments have been re-
ported to some of the bills from the Committee
of the Whole; and I suppose it is understood that
J' e previous question is called upon the action of
tile Committee of the Whole House.
Mr FLORENCE. That is my motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the opeiatjon
thereof, the report of the Committee of the Whole
House, excepting the bills upon which separate
votes were asked, was concurred in.
-Mr. WINSLOW moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. 1
DECEASED CUSTOM-HOUSE CLERKS.
The SPEAKER. A separate vote is asked upon
the bill (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of the legal
representatives of five deceased clerks in the Phil-
adelphia custom-house, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed. v
CHARLES PORTERFIELD, DECEASED.
The SPEAKER. The next bill upon which a
separate vote is asked, is House bill No. 243 for
the relief of the legal representatives of Charles
Porterfield, deceased.
Mr. STANTON. If the House will permit me,
I will , in five minutes, say all I have to say upon
the bill. If it is not the wish.to go on now, let
the bill go over. [Cries of " Go on!"]
Mr. Speaker, the claim is for land scrip for
some six thousand acres of land. Charles Por-
terfield was entitled, under the laws of Virginia,
to land warrants for service in the revolutionary
war. By those laws these land warrants were to
bo located in what was called the Territory of
Virginia, and which now includes the States of
Kentucky and Ohio. Land warrants were issued
under those laws, and a large proportion of them
were located in Virginia and Ohio. It is said that
the warrants, for which scrip is now proposed to.
be issued, were located upon lands in the State
ofKentucky, which Porterfield lost inconsequence
of a prior entry and survey in favor of George
Rogers Clark. From my knowjpdge of these mil-
itary land warrants, I know that, under the laws
of Virginia and the United States, where a party
loses his location in consequence of a prior lo-
cation and survey, he is entitled to withdraw his
warrants. By an act of 1852, the lands which
were subject to location by Virginia bounty land
warrants'were ceded to the United States, and the
holders of Virginia bounty land warrants, upon
their presentation at the Pension Office, were en-
titled to have them converted into land scrip.
Now, I can see no reason in the world, if the land
warrants of Charles Porterfield have not been sat-
isfied, why they cannot be withdrawn and con-
verted into land scrip.
Mr. BURNETT. I am not in favor of the
claim; but I will say that, by the construction
given to the act of 1852, these parties are prevented
from locating these warrants.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then, why is it not proper
that these men should have their claim allowed?
Mr. BURNETT. If I had time I could tell
you why.
Mr. STANTON. The law of 1852 authorizes
the Commissioner of Pensions, or the Secretary
of the Interior, I do not remember which, to take
certain action in regard to the military warrants
which may be presented to him. I understand
very well that there is a great deal of difficulty in
getting a great many of these Virginia land war-
rants converted into scrip for the reason that the
Secretin y of the Interior is authorized by the law
of 1852 to call for proof of the validity of the claim
upon which the warrants were issued.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that opinion of
the Secretary of the Interior is founded upon lapse
of time, and that his construction of the act of
1852 is based upon the opinion of the Attorney
General.
Mr. STANTON. The act of 1852, after some
controversy, has been decided to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to revise the proofs upon
which warrants were issued by authority of the
State of Virginia. The truth was, I think, that
under those laws ofVirginia, authorizing land war-
rants to be issued, there were warrants enough is-
sued to cover the whole rank and file of the A rmy of
all the Stales of the Confederacy; and there is not
an end of them yet. And in consequence of the
continuance of applications, it was thought there
ought to be an authority vested in the Secretary
of the Interior to take proof as to the validity of
the claim upon which the warrants rest; and there
is a controversy going on now between the au-
thorities of the State ofVirginia and the United
States, as to the construction of that law. The
authorities of Virginia claim that upon the allow-
ance being made by the authorities of the State,
the Federal Government ought at once, upon the
credit of the State, to convert those warrants into
scrip, under the act of 1852.
