1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment read, and the House must judge for
themselves.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. ICEITT. The Chair will pardon me a
moment while I ask a question. My friend from
Virginia made a point yesterday, in connection
with this matter, which I took the decision of the
Chair upon. Iam afraid that the provisions of
this amendment are too wide. Suppose, in the
course of an argument, words arc uttered out of
order, and are pronounced out of order by the
Chair; those words would then be left out of the
proceedings, and yet it would appear in the Globe
that the point of order had been made, and made
upon what?
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no difficulty
upon that point. The amendment is designed to
cut off all these continued interruptions.
Mr. KEITT. That is another point. The
amendment is too wide in its scope.
Mr. SHERMAN. The object of the amend-
ment is to correct some abuses which arc quite
common here. I refer to the interruptions which
gentlemen are subjected to when they are speak-
ing. Under this amendment, when a gentleman
gets up to interrupt another, he is called to order;
and if lie proceeds without permission, or with-
out being recognized by the Chair as in order, his
remarks form no part of the proceedings of the
House, and are not to go upon the record.
Mr. KEITT. The point of order is stated, but
the remarks upon which it is based will be left
out.
Mr. MILLSON. The adoption of this amend-
ment would cut off the whole colloquy that has
just taken place between the gentleman from
South Carolina and the gentleman from Ohio;
because neither gentleman has been recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to say
that this would destroy the value of the Globe.
[Loud calls to order.] It would leave tkc re-
porters to decide what is in order and what is not
in order.
Mr. VERREE. I desire to say that, if the
amendment does prevail, it will secure order in
the House.
Mr. HUGHES. I would inquire whether that
would not exclude the printing of written speeches
not delivered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware-that
there is anything in the amendmentabout written
speeches.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the House indulge me
in making one remark?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 75, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William (J. Anderson, Avery, Danett, Konharn,
Brabson, Bnstow, Burlingame, Burnett, Caiey, John B.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Ooelnane, Coltax, Conkhng,
Covode, Curry, [-1. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes.,
De Jarnettc, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Ethendge, F< rry,
Foukc, Gooch, Graham, John T. Ilart is, flatten, Ihll,
Hoard, llolman, William Howard, Juukin, Kilimgei, De
Witt C. Leach, Mallory, MeKean, McKnight, Mcllao, La-
ban T. Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Mom*, Niblack, Olin,
Pettit, Peyton, Quarles, Christopher ltobmson, James C.
Robinson, Royce, Schwartz:, Sedgwick, Sherman, rtimms,
Singleton, William Smith, Wjiham N. II. Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevenson, William Stewart, Veiree, Wade,
Waldron, Webster, Wells, and Wnght—75.
N AYS—Messrs. Adram, Allen, Ashtnorc, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Branch, Brayton, Bnflinton, But-
terfield, Carter, Horace F. Claik, Clark B. Cochrane, Cox,
Burton Ciaige, Crawfoid, Curtis, Duel), Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Florence, Foster, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hardeman,
Haskin, Hawkins, Ilelmiek, Houston, William A. How-
aid, Hughes, Irvine, Jackson, Keitt, ICilgore, Kunkel,
Landrum, Lee, Longneckcr, Loomis, Lovcjoy, Maclay,
Mars ton, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McPiiet^oii, Mc-
Queen, Miles, Million, Montgomery, Moorhead, Nelson,
Pendleton. Peiry, Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Reagan, Reynolds,
Rice, Riggs. Ruftin, Rust, Stallwortb, James A. Stewart,
Stokes, Stout, Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, Tomp-
kins, Train, Trimble, Underwood, Walton, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Witidom, Wood, and
Woodruff—82.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. DELANO stated that he had paired off for
the rest of the day with Mr. Boteler.
Mr. HILL said: I am in doubt about the pro-
priety of changing my vote, and I desire, before
1 do it, to make an inquiry of the two gentlemen
[Messrs. Etheridge and Sherman] who pro-
posed this amendment, in order that the House
may understand it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) It can only be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HILL. I only want to make an inquiry
of the gentlemen from Tennessee and Ohio.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object.
Mr. HILL. I hope the House will indulge me
in this. My only object is to make an inquiry.
I have voted already in favor of the amendment,
but objection has been made by some members,
and I desire information in regard to it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object
Mr, HILL. Then let the vote stand.
Mr. PRYOR stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted "ay."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Fifth amendment:
After the word "clerk/' in line four hundred and nine,
insert the words " ami messenger;" so that the clause will
read:
For compensation of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, and the clerk and messenger in hisofftce, $4,205.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Between lines seven hundred and ninety-eight and:."even
hundred and ninety-nine, insert the words,k< For compen-
sation of watchman employed on reservation No. 2, $600."
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment;
Stnke out the following clause:
For compensation of the auxiliary guard, and for fuel,
oil, and lamps, and for twenty policemen, $32,400.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out the words, " for the service of any one fiscal
year shall be used for or applied to the sei vice of any other
year, nor be," and insert the words " shall beso that the
section will read:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tnat no part of the
amount appropiiated by any act of Congiess shall be tians-
ferred to or used for any other branch of expenditure than
that for wlnclut maybe specifically appropriated ; and that
the twenty-third section of the act entitled " Au act legal-
izing and mukingappropriatmns lor such necessary objects
as have been usually included in the general appropriation
bill*, without authority of law, and to and provide for
certain incidental expenses of the Departments and offices
of the Government, aud for other purposes," is hereby
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GARTRELL and Mr. COBB called for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask the gentlemen
whether they are opposed to the passage of this
bill ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I shall vote against it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suppose each gentle-
man will speak for himself. I am in favor of the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every item in it has been
recommended by the Departments.
Mr. BRANCH. As far as I am concerned, I
shall vote for the bill whether the yeas and nays
bo called or not.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to this discus-
sion.
Mr. COBB. Let them give us the yeas and
nays, and they will see how we will vote.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that the
bill has been prepared by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that the estimates are according
to law, and are made by the Departments, for
which the Democratic party is responsible. I
shall vote for the bill.
Mr. GARTRELL. Give us the yeas and nays,
so that there may be no misunderstanding about
it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is utterly impossible to
"make an appropriation bill to suit every member
or to suit any member. I would venture to sjiy,
that there is no ta member of the House who agreed
to all the items in the bill. I do not; but I shall
vote, nevertheless, for the bill.
The previous question was 860011(304) £&n(l tlje
main question ordered.
The yeas and nays vrcre not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the civil and
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Pending that motion, I move to close debate on
that bill within five minutes after the House shall
have resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
It was so ordered. • -
The motion to go into committee was agreed to.
The House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Etheridge in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of a biil (H. R. No. 501) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
i Government for the year ending 30th June, 1861.
The first reading of the bill having been dis-
pensed with, the Clerk proceeded to read the bill
by sections, for amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
Insert, after line forty-six, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury ta fit up, ready
for the oecupancy of the postmaster and Ms force, the ne-
cessary rooms in the custom-house building at New Orleans;
that is, one half of the first floor of the old fevee front,
designed for the post office department, according" to the
original design, $20,000.
The amendment was1 agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I move to amend, by striking
out the word " five," in line forty-four, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the word "twenty-five;"
so that the clause will read:
For pieserving tlio unfinished work upon the Charleston
custom-house* $D5,OO0.
Mr. PEYTON. I rise to a point of order. That
clausc has been passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend by adding
the following clausc:
For an extension to tlia court-house portion of the City
Hall of Washington city, for the libe of the United States
circuit court, including furniture, and inclosing tile same,
$30,000.
I ara instructed by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia to offer this amendment. I have
before mo the estimates for 1858, in which this
appropriation was recommended by the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I submit that
there is no law authorizing any such appropria-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the building has been authorized by some
act of Congress; and if so, the amendment is in
order.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes; and the building has
not been finished" yet. The appropriation has
also been recommended by the present Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. If the Chair
makes that decision, I will appeal from it.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no law author-
izing the building, the amendment is not in: order.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not suppose the City
Hall was built without any law, and it never has
been finished.
Mr. PEYTON. I am not aware that there ever
was a dollar appropriated by Congress for build-
ing the City Hall; and if that be the case, the
amendment is evidently out of order.
Mr. BRANCH. There is a law to authorize
the holding of courts in the District of Columbia,
and this is an incidental expense to carry out that
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. The city built it, and the
Government has nothing to do with it.
Mr. HOWARD, of M'ehjgan. Unless it was)
built under the authority of some special act, the
amendment is not in order.
"The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds fhp
amendment to be m order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr- MAYNARD. { ask the gentleman froiq
JCentijcky whether this ftnjeqdrnet' the sane-
