1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
abolition of the franking privilege. The reason
we had for proposing it as an amendment to this
bill, was that the bill already passed by the Sen-
ate* at this session on that subject seemed to have
gotten into a condition in which it was impossible
that it could cxpect a vote of the House. The
idea of the committee was to enable the House
to take a vote, by proposing it as an amendment
to one of their bills which would be certain of
action there. Since the committee so determined,
however, the select committee appointed by the
House to consider the bill which went from the
Senate upon this subject has made a report, and
a day has been appointed tor the consideration
of the Senate bill. That being the case, the com-
mittee has thought it proper and courteous to the
House to withdraw the amendment which they
had designed to offer upon this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment being withdiawn, the printed amendments
reported by the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads are disposed of.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to make a correction
in the eighty-first line of the bill. I move to strike
out the letter "s." The name which is printed
" Ella&villc" should be "Ellavilie."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. YULEE. There aie frequent inventions
of different forms of envelopes suitable for mail
service, some of which are very much desired for
use by different classes of the community, but
which, from the present state of the law, the De-
partment is unable to put in use. A provision
has been prepared at the Department which will
enable them to put into use any improvement in
the stamped envelopes which may be found to be
convenient to the public. I have in my hands
one which the Department are desirous to use,
but have been unabi j to use for the wont of proper
legislation. Gentlemen will perceive that it will
afford a very great convenience, especially for
commercial uses. The stamp is put upon a note
or letter sheet, so arranged that the writing may
occupy all the inside, and which, at the same
time, will preserve the Post Office stamp; which,
for commercial uses, is deemed important. The
amendment which I now send to the Chair con-
tains a piovision which will enable the Depart-
ment to use this and any other improvement in
stamped envelopes that the public convenience
may render proper.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall be, and he is heieby, authorized to procure and fur-
aii-.li letter sheets with postage r-tampi impressed thereon,
continuing m one both a Mieet and envelope, and to adopt
such othei improvements as may be deemed advisable,
fiom time to time, m connection with postage stamps or
stamped envelopes on letter* or new.-paperti, subject to thu
provision that sueh ^t.tmp^ or envelope- shall be s-old at the
cost of procuring and furnishing the same,as near a  may
be, and to all othei pioviaions of the eighth section of an
act ol Congress entitled '• An act to establish ceilam po->t
road-, and for othei pui poies," appiovcd \ugus-t3t, 1S52;
and the sum of $5.00U is hereby apptopuated outof any
moneys anting fiom the revenue s of lite i\>yt Oftice De-
partment, to cany out the provisions of thus act.
Jliul be it further enacted, That the penalty or fifty dol-
lar, provided by section eight ot an act of Uongies-, enti-
tled u An act to establish certain po t road-', and foi other
pui poses,'' approved Match 3, 1853, shall apply as well to
the using of a stamp cut Irom a stamped letter or ncw?v
papei envelope as to thu reuse of the envelope entne.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I offer this amendment:
And be it further emu ted, That the fourth section of the
act of Congi'c—, approved August f>, 1831, entitled -'An act
making apptopnatitin-' 'or the service ol the Post Office
Department during the fiscal v ear ending the 30th of June,
J8oo," be, and the same i- hereby, continued Irom the 5th
day of August. to the ~>th ot August, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I offer now an amendment,
whiclrhas passed the Senate two or three times,
but failed in consequence of the failure of the ap-
propriation bili lust year. It is for the purpose
of giving the proper interpretation to a joint res-
olution, passed a few years ago, to correct a tech-
nical misconstruction; and I believe it has the
sanction of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance:
And be it further enacted, That the ioint resolution of Con-
gress of 18i.ii August, Ic55, which provides that" there shall
be one principal lne^enger in each of the bureaus ot the
sevvial Executive D paitmenU,atan annual salaty of $8-10
each." shall bp undei-tood to embrace within its true scope
and meaning the otiices of the three Assistant Postmasters
Geneial, entitling eacli to a messenger^atan annual salary
of $840.
The joint resolution refened to classified the
messengers,and appointed a certain compensation
for messengers of bureaus; but the accounting
officers considered that the offices of the Assistant
Postmasters General were not, technically, bu-
reaus. This is merely to correct that.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that these amend-
ments should not go on this bill. This is simply
a post-route bill, and this business of raising sal-
aries should not go upon it. It was refused on
the naval bill; and I think the Senate should ad-
here to the determination, and not, on this bill,
go into the salaries of clerks.
Mr. YULEE. This is not raising a salary, but
giving a construction intended by the Finance
Committee to the joint resolution heretofore
passed.
Mr. HALE. That is just what an amendment
which i offered to the naval bill did—it gave a
construction to a former act.
-Mr. YULEE, I hope the Senator will not ob-
ject.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
it. I object to it in genera).
Mr. YULEE. This is proper, and comes from
the committee. It has been considered once or
twice.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes nineteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. YULEE. I propose now an amendment,
consisting of three sections, the purpose of which
is to increase the number of dead letters which
will probably be returned; and to inciease, also,
the icvcuuc of the dead letter officc, by which it
will be enabled to make return of a much greater
number without additional cost. These provis-
ions aie to carry out the recommendations of the
Postmaster General,made m his very interesting
report on this subject, which is found m Senate
Executive Document No. 41 of the present ses-
sion. The amendment is:
And be it further enacted, That letters which have been
adverti>ed under exiting law? ction tvvcnt\-<-ix, act
Mateh 3, 18-25, and section live, act Match 3, 18.il) >hali
be icturned to the Post Oihee Department as dead letter",
it unclaimed two months alter the date of the advertise-
ment: Provided, Letters of «ea-poit.< intended ior persons
on board of certain designated ve-sels expected to arrive,
and letters specially maiked to be retained a longer pcuod,
shall by excepted timn the opeiation of thi-s act. Jlnd pro-
videdjurther, That said letter^ Miall be icturned undet iem-
ulations to he prescribed by the Pos.tma-.tei General.
And be it farther enacted, That the unclaimed money
from dead letters now appropriated to the u<g of the De-
railment, under section twenty-six of the act of March 3,
1825, may be exclusively applied m future to piomote the
efficiency of the dead lettei office, by providing for a more
careful examination ol letters and the jetuin of a laiger
number to the vvnters, whether with or without valuable
inclosure; and that ot sueh money heretofore accrued to
the United States, the sum of $10,000 be, and the same is
hetebv, appropriated out ot anv money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, tor the putpose of cairying out the
recommendation of tnc Postmaster Geneial on the subject
of dead letter-, under date of the 7th ot May, 1800 : Pro-
vided, Said officei shall make a detailed report of his pro-
ceedings to Congress during the next &e-sioti thereof.
Jlnd be it further citactcd, That upon all letters returned
from the dead-letter office there shall be charged the usual
rate ot postage, to be collected on delivery and accounted
for by postmasters in the bdiuc inamici as other postage?.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman would ex-
plain this amendment. It seems to me that one
portion of it is entirely inoperative—and that is,
to provide for the return of more letters that have
not articles of value in them. If you are going
to discriminate, I do not see where you will stop
unless you return them all. The rule now is im-
perative, and relates to a specific class, and there
is no room for any distinction; but if you enlarge
it, and do not fix definite rules by which a greater
number is to be ascertained, it seems to me it will
lead to confusion, and possibly to favoritism. I
should think that would be rather a dangeious
piece of legislation. I wish the chairman would
explain it.
Mr. YULEE. I will state that now they can
do nothing more than tear open the envelope, and
if they see an article which striked the eye imme-
diately as of value, preserve it; otherwise the let-
ter is thrown away. The purpose of this is to
enable the Department, with the funds which have
gone into the Treasury from dead letters, to in-
crease thu clerical force, by which they will be
enabled to give a more considerate inspection to
the letters. In many cases letters will be found
to be of such value, to carry with them such evi-
dence of the persons for whom they are intended,
and such proof of misdirection, &cM.that the De-
partment would be enabled to make return of a'
much greater number, which certainly is desirable.
By the postage which is proposed to be derived:
from letters returned, it is supposed,.at the De-
partment, that the fund will be sufficient to enable
them still further, without additional cost to the
Treasury, to increase their force, so that in the
end the probability is, that more than half the let-
ters may be returned; at all events, a much greater
proportion than now. The force is now so small
that they are obliged simply to tear open the let-
ters, and if they see anything having the appear-
ance of money or a thing of value, as a draft, to
lay it aside. By employing a larger force, they
will be able to give a more careful inspection to
the letters, «nd in many instances will be able to
return letters which will be very desirable to
the writers, or the persons to whom they are
addressed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that the
money proposed to be appropriated out of the
Treasury is a part-of the money that comes from
dead letters by the act of 1825, under which it
goes to the general service of the Department; but
it is now pioposed to be devoted to this particu-
lar scrvice. 1 wish to know whether the money
now proposed to be appropriated from the Treas-
ury, is of the fund derived from dead letters?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir; and it is much less
than is derived from that fund.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it mentioned in the
amendment as being derived from that fund?
Mr. YULEE. It is so intended; but the dis-
tinction cannot be drawn in the amendment, be-
cause it has gone into the geneial Treasury. It
is less than what has been received from that
fund.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Treasury keep an
account of what they receive coming in that direc-
tion.
Mr. YULEE. Yes, but it is not set aside
specially os having come from it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It appeals in the accounts,
because we have frequently to draw for that money
when claims come m upon it, which may not be
for years subsequently. That money belongs to
particular persons, and they draw for it, and the
fund is kept in theTreasury Department by itself
for that purpose.
Mr. YULEE. This fund is not kept specially.
It is applicable by law to the general uses of the
Department. I have no objection, however, to
the amendment being put inany form the Senator
prefers that will accomplish the purpose.
Mr. HALE. I think it would be better not to
pass this amendment. It will certainly create
difficulty. I do not remember what the number
of dead letters is.
Mr. YULEE. Has the Senator read the re-
port of the Postmaster General, which was laid
on his table last month?
Mr. HALE. I have not.
Mr. YULEE. He will find m that report that
this, without any cost to the Government, will
be very favorable legislation.
Mr. HALE. How many dead letters do we
have ?
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will find the whole
statistics in this paper. I will say, for the in-
formation of the Senate, that I have gone over
this amendment with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads of the
House, as I have most of the other amendments,
and it lias his concurrence. We are acting in
unison upon this subject.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to be obstinate
about it; but I should like to know how many
dead letters there are now. Can the chairman
state ?
Mr. YULEE. f will give it as nearly as pos-
sible. The statement of the number of dead let-
tors received during the year ending March 30,
1860, from offices making weekly, semi-weekly,
and semi-monthly returns, is onemillionone hun-
dred and twenty-four thousand seven hundred
and twenty-three. The number of these dead
letters containing money registered and sent out
for delivery to the writers or owners thereof,
from January 1, 1854, to April 1, i860, averaged
about twelve hundred a year. The number of
money letters sent out and delivered amounted
to an average of about nine thousand a year, of
which there were returned about twelve hundred
