1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Sustained by the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, the Secretary of the Interior holds himself
authorized to call for proof of the validity of the
warrants. That is the difficulty, as I understand
it, in this case. I understand that this bill is in-
tended to exempt the heirs of Charles Porterfield
from the necessity of procuring the proofs required
by the act of 1852.
yhese are briefly the reasons why I am op-
posed to the passage of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand the
previous question upon the passage of this bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not call the previous question, but allow the bill
to go over to another day.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that when this
House adjourns, It adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The yeas and nays were called for and refused.
Mr. DAWES called for tellers upon the motion
to adjourn over.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Florence were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-four, noes not counted.
So the House determined, that when it adjourns,
it will adjourn to meet on Monday next.
CHARLES PORTERFIELD—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I again move
the previous question upon the bill for the relief
of trie heirs of Charles Porterfield.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to withdraw liis demand for the
previous question, in order that I may make a few
remarks upon the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw it for a few moments.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, as
the Representative of the claimants under this bill,
I beg tlie indulgence of the House to hear me for
a moment. Sir, I was reared and live in'the midst
of the heirs and descendants of that gallant officer,
Chailcs Porterfield. I know them to be honest
and just men, of the highest sense of honor and
the strictest integrity; men whose bare assertion
of a right is, among those who know them, evi-
dence conclusive of the justness of their demand.
I shall not detain the House by going into the dry
details of this bill—for it is presumed that every
member understands it—but I wish simply to say
that it commends itself to all sections and all par-
ties, and that this is the same young officer who, in
the summer of 1775, left his native county of Jef-
ferson, in Virginia, and passed over that memo-
rable rock at Harper's Ferry, so eloquently and
touchingly described bymy honorable friend and
colleague, [Mr. Bo^eler.] To him I will not ap-
peal for his support. I will not thank him font;
for tiiat blood-stained rock speaks in tones more
eloquent and effective than anything I can say.
[Applause.] To the members of Massachusetts
and New England, to whose relief he fled in that
perilous moment, I appeal with every confidence
that I shall receive their united support, [applause;]
and to you, gentlemen, of the sunny South, to the
sonsofthe old Palmetto, on whose soil the gallant
young officer fell, I appeal. Yes, I appeal to that
chivalry which has ever distinguished her sons,
and I feel confident that it will not bo wanting
now in doing honor to the memory of a brave
young officer who fell in defense of her rights and
liberties, and in doing a simple act of justice to
his heirs and representatives. [Applause.]
Mr. Speaker, I have nothing further to say,
except 1 hope it will be the pleasure of every
member of the House to vote for this bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for a division of the
House upon the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Burnett and Tkain.
TheJHouse divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 67, noes 44; no quorum voting.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (No, 302)
in relation to the return of undelivered letters in
the post office, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House; that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bill No.
326, to establish certain post routes in the Terri-
tory of Kansas; and also that the Senate agreed
to the amendment of the House to Senate bill
No. 192, authorizing the corporation of Wash-
ington city to make a loan and issue stock for
$200,000 for building a market-house, with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 26, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
* EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 29th of February, a statement show-
ing the number and location of the marine hos-
pitals; the number of seamen or patients admitted
into each, from 1854 to 1859, inclusive, in each
year; the number and compensation of the per-
sons employed in each; and the total expenditure
at each hospital for each of the years aforesaid;
which was ordered to lie on the table; and amotion
by Mr. Grimes to print the report was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Rice,
Baird & Heebner, contractors for furnishing mar-
ble for the Capitol extension, praying Congress
to prevent a threatened violation of their contract
by the Secretary of War; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. KING presented a petition of Joseph M.
Price and others, citizens of New York, praying
Congress to pass a law to preventall further traffic
in and monopoly of the public lands of the United
States, and that they be laid out in farms and lots
of limited size, for the free and exclusive use of
actual settlers; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the memorial of the
Mayor and Council of the city of Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, praying the confirmation of a certain
land claim; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLAY presented a petition of inhabitants
of township eighteen, range four east, in the county
of Marengo, in the State of Alabama, praying a
grant of land scrip equal to the value of the six-
teenth section of that township, which was set
apart and disposed of for the encouragement and
cultivation of the vine and the olive; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of mer-
chants of Detroit, Michigan, praying an exten-
sion to lake commerce of the same limits to the
liabilities of ship owners and others as are in
force on the ocean; and that in cases of collisions,
the vessel trespassing, or at fault, shall only be
held liable for damages, and not the owner or
owners thereof; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
Edward Larned, of New York, submitting a
method for building a railroad to connect the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the United States
by the present railroad companies of the United
States-; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CRRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Stewart Mac-
Gowan, on the files of tlie Senate, he referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
KEPORTS OK COMMITTEES.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of C.
Champ and others, praying a grant of land to the
heirs of those who, if living, would be entitled to
bounty land, for services in the war of 1812. and
in the Indian wars, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the- Committee oil Public Lands; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mary J. Maltby,
praying to be allowed a pension as widow of the
late Lieutenant James West, of the Army, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 310)
for the relief of Mary J. Maltby. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of Col-
onel William Gates, of the United States Army,
praying to be indemnified for losses sustained by
the destruction of his property onboard the steam-
ship San Francisco, submitted! a report, accom-
panied by a bill (13. No. 311) for the relief of the
officers and soldiers who sustained loss by the dis-
aster to the steamship San Francisco. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
DOCUMENT REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the correspondence on file in that Department, in
relation to the obstruction of streets, avenues, and public
reservations in the city of Washington, be referred to the
Committee on the District ofCoIumbia.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BROWN. There is a vacancy on the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, occasioned by
the resignation of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason.] The committee meet to-morrow, and
it is important to have the vacancy filled. 1 move
that the Vice President be authorized to fill it.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Clingman
was appointed.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Maine,
whom I do not see in his seat, [Mr. Fessenden,]
has handed me an amendment to the naval pay-
bill, and I presume he desires it to be printed. It
is necessary it should be done. It is very long.
I move, therefore, that the substitute be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHESNUT. The special committee to
whom was referred the matter of the Houmas
grant made a report a few days ago, and submit-
ted a motion to print certain documents. In be-
half of the committee, I now also move to print
the argument and statement of Louis Janin,coun-
sel for certain claimants, with the papers, for the
information of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH subsequently, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, to whom was referred a motion
to print the report of the Attorney General on the
Houmas land claim, and also a motion to print
the statement of Louis Janin, counsel for certain
claimants under said claim, as an appendix to tho
report of the select committee on the Houmas land
claim, reported in favor of printing the same as
an appendix to the report; which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. ■
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. 11) for the relief of Commander H. J.
Hartstene, of the United States Navy.
The message further announced that the House
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 19) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to regulate the carriage of passengers
in steamships and other vessels, "approved March
3,1855, for the better protection of female passen-
gers, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 229) for the relief of William Brown;
A bill (C. C. No. 93) for the relief of Lydia
Frazee, widow and administratrix of John Frazee,
late of the city of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 92) for the relief of Mariano
G. Vallejo;
A bill (No. 230) for the relief of Shade Callo-
way;
A bill (No. 31) for the relief of Charles Knap;
