THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
unclaimed. The aggregate contents of the letters
sent out was about sixty thousand dollars a year.
The aggregate amount of money restored was
£*bout an average of fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. HALE. It would make about three thou-
sand letters a day to be read.
Mr. YULEE. It is very large. It is not ne-
cessary to read them; but by this provision the
clerks can give them a more deliberate inspection.
Mr. HALE. How they can give them delib-
erate inspection without reading them is some-
thing which I cannot understand. This will in-
crease the amount of service in the dead letter
office five or six times what it is. It will, be in-
terminable. It will either be inefficient, or else it
will impose a vast amount of labor. I think it
had better go over; but I will not occupy the at-
tention of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me the rule of
the Department is precisely right now. You in-
spect a letter, and if there is anything valuable in
it, you ascertain to whom that value belongs, and
then the valuable thing is transmitted to him, or
kept in the Department for him.
Mr. COLL AM EE. You ascertain whether
there.is an inclosure of value; but there may be
value in the letter itself.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am coming to that point. I
have stated what the rule is now; but it is sug-
gested that matter may be communicated in a let-
ter that is very valuable, and that ought to be
preserved. Other things may be communicated
in letters that are not lery valuable, and which it
may not be desirable should be made public, or
that any clerk should be intrusted with reading
them. Who is to judge, after this shall become
a law, what is valuable and what is Lo be made
public? A clerk, or if he reports to the head of
the Department, the head of the Department?
"Why, sir, it is an espionage upon private corre-
spondence. I think the rule which the Govern-
ment has adopted, of inspecting a letter, and see-
ing whether there is a valuable inclosure in it, is
just what the rule ought to be; and you ought not
to go one inch beyond it. How many things are
written that never ought to have been written,
and certainly should never see day-light, if they
have been written ? I think the rule is right; and
you ov%ht to keep it precisely as it is.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the chairman will permit
this proposition to lie over until we get through
amendments about which there is no di/liculty,
and let gentlemen examine the report to which
he has referred.
Mr. YULEE. I think the amendment is one
so desirable that I am unwilling, as we are now
upon the subject, to pass it over; for there can be
110 probability that we shall take it up again. The
Postmaster General states:
u Upwards of iJO,000 letters a year are llin> (li>'por->. tl of
t>y only four elei k while the tank of eoiupariii" all the (lead
letters ("2,0Ul)s0W)) with post bills, and separating and tor-
warding torelgn letters, (over U0,000,) devolves on two
clerks.
" The regular number of clerks allowed toi opening let-
ters is only tlnee, which bfin<4, howevei, entirely tiwlif-
fielent, as.Mstance has been obtained In M'qinriii<; a taboier
to open aeeounts, and transferring a elerk lo tiie more re
sponsible woik of opening loyei s. Kven lonr persons can-
not possibly take time to examine leuers farther than baiely
to look for money and other inelosares,*' %
Now, withoutfatiguing the Senate to read more
from tins very interesting report, I will state that
this amendment proposes simply to appropriate
the money remaining unclaimed in the handy of
the Department from dead letters, to the employ-
ment of a force sufficient to enable them to return
more of the dead letters to the persona from whom
they came, or the persons to whom they are di-
rected; and it appropriates in addition, to enable
them to proceed at once in that useful duty,
$jl2,000 of the funds heretofoie received by the
.Department from that source. Since examining
the amendment more particularly, I am enabled
to reply to the Senator from Vermont, that what
he desired it should contain it does contain, as it
refers specially to the source from which the
amount is derived. I hope it will not be objected
to, because it is not a tax on the Treasury, but
only a means devised by the Department by
w Inch this launch of the service may be improved
out of funds derived fiom its own sources.
The amendment was agreed to; there being—
ayes 20, noes 17.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 desire to make a couple of
verbal corrections in the body of the bill, in line
two hundred anft forty-five, instead of " Perry
Mills," it should be "Perry Wclls^'and in line
two hundred and forty-seven, the word "Ala-
bama" should be "Albany."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those verbal
corrections will be made, unless there be objection.
Mr. YULEE. I offer an amendment which is
intended to protect the revenues of the Govern-
ment on postages to San Francisco. Letters car-
ried by other vessels than the regular mail steam-
ers, under existing laws, return to the Government
only six cents in some cases, and four cents in
other cases. The amendment is:
And be ityfurther enacted, That every letter or packet
brought into the United States, or carried from one port
therein to another, in any private ship oi vessel, shall be
charged with five cents, it delivered at the post office wheie
the same shall arrive ; and if destined to be conveyed by
post to any place, with two cents added to the ordinary
rates of postage: Provided, That upon all letteis or pack-
ets conveyed in whole or in part by steamers omeamships
over any roiuo upon which, or between potts and places
between which, the mail is regularly conveyed in other
vessels under contract with the I'ost Office Department the
.same charge shall be levied, with the addition ot two cents
a letter or packet, ad would have been levied it sucvh letter
or packet had been transmitted regulaily through the mail.
Jlnd be itjurther enacted, That all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and the
same are hereby, repealed
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
that is a provisiou to increase the postage.
Mr. YULEE. It is most readily explained by
a letter from the Department, which is brief:
Posr Office Department, February 17, 1SG0.
fliu : Retemng to the accompanying copy of a letter from
tin1 pobtm.wter of San FiauU;>eo, 1 deem it my duty to in-
vile the special attention of yotn committee to the import-
ance of caily legislative action, m oider to preventsenous
lo.ss lo the Government hom the liansmissionof mail mat-
tei, out-ulo the mads between the Atlantic and Pacific
States, by way ot the bthmus
The fifteenth section of the aet of 1825 piovides u that
eveiy lettei or packet bmught into the United States, or
earned from one porttheicin to unothei, in any private ship
oi vessel, shall be ehaiged with six cent*, if delivered at
the post oU'ice wheie the samo shall arrive; and it des-
tined to be convoyed by post, lo any place, with two cents
added to the oidmaiy iate^ of' poi-tage."'
Under tins section, any letteis convened by other ships
than those of the mail line between New Yoik and rtan
Francisco aie subject to a postage of only six cents when
delivered at the port ot arrival, and of live cent* when ior-
waidcd to the mtetiot,oi which the ma>ter or commander,
or other per.son delivering the t-ume, i* entitled to receive
two cents a lettei, thus icducing the actual late aeciuing
to the Government, in the one ea.se, to four, and in the other
to tlnee cents, ;i lettei.
1 would recommend, therefore, that, upon all letters; con-
veyed by steamers or steamships ovei any unite upon which
the mail i.v conveyed in oilier vessel- under eontiaet with
this Department, the name chaigo be levied, with the addi-
tion o( iwo cents a lettei lor conveyance, to which sueh
letter would have been subject, had it been tiansnutted reg-
uiaily thiougli the mail. A1m> that the law be still further
amended by making the iate, m all oilier ca^es, live cents,
instead of six cents, upon all letters deli vet ed at the poitof
ai rival, thus avoiding the anomaly of charging more upon
•nub letters than upon tho-sc reijuutd to be foiwauled,
which appaient inconsistency arUes fiom the encumsiance
that when this law was p.i&sed, our lowest domestic iate
was my cents.
Rc.-peetfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT.
[Ion. I). L. VuLKt, ('haii man Committee on the PoU Office
uiul Po.\t Itoudby United States Senate.
Post Officii:, San Francisco, California,
Jamtaiy 1(J, 1HG0.
Pir: 1 ob-eivc that the cxpiess companies here are «,ow
advertising to canv letters hence to the Atlantic without
being eoveied by United States postage envelopes; and it
is said that some arrangement has been made to that end
with the Deprutmcnt. Kueh letteis are to be carried on
the steameis of the Pacific companv not now carrying the
United States mails, and, I am told, aie to b° treated as
ship-letteis, t. e., diopped into the po-.t otlice at New Vot k.
In such case, 1 suppose, the po-tagc to be charged by the
United Stales will be six cent- ; consequent!} the Govern-
ment would lose Join cents on eacli single lettei, and much
more propoitionately on heavier letters, by peimittingsueli
arrangement, instead of leqmring the Use of the United
Slates envelopes. 1 have to icquestoi yon olliciai inlbima-
tion on tins subject to govern my action heie. A disci Imina-
tion like the one stated would, in time, throw the great bulk
ofeorrespondence upon the independent steaineis, as they
aie now making much shorter tiijw than our mail steamers,
and, 1 doubt not, will continue to duung the present con-
tract.
Veiy respectfully? obedient seivant,
C. L. WCLLElt, Postmaster.
Hon. IIokatxo Kino, First ~2su$tant Postmaster Crcneial.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. tofferanamendmentnow which
is intended to repeal the act relating to separating
post offices, which has been found to be a very
expensive and troublesome thing to the Depart-
ment; and this will save a considerable sum an-
nually:
And be. it further enacted, That so much of the act enti-
tled "An act regulating the pay of deputy postmasters,
approved the 22d of June, JLS543 as authonzes the Postnms-
tei General to make quarterly allowances out of the post-
ages collected at sepaiating post offices for extra laboi em-
ployed in separating and dispatching the mails, bo, and the
same is hereby, repealed: Provided, He shall pay such al-
lowances as may have been authouzed under existing laws
to the date of this repeal.
The amendment was agreed to.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a privileged question.
I ask the consent of the Senate to postpone in-
formally the consideration of this bill, to enable
me to make a report from a committee of confer-
eilThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the report.
Mr. DAVIS, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 503) making further appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1860, made the following report:
The managers appointed on the pait of the Senate upon
the committee of conterence on the disagreeing votes, ot the
two Houses,on the amendments to the bill (II R. No. 503)
making lurther appropriations tot the setviee of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal yeai ending the 30th of
June, 1860, report:
That they met the managers appointed on the part of the
Houfee of Representatives, and, aftei full aud free conter-
ence, were unable to agree. The committee, therefore,
recommend the Senate to further insist on their disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House to the Senate's first
amendment to the bill, and lurther insist upon their third
amendment to the bill dtsagieed to by the House.
They also a<-k to be discharged from the committee on
couteience. JEFFERSON DAVIS,
THOMAS BRAGG,
JAMES HARLAN.
Mr. DAVIS. That I may present the ease en-
tirely to the Senate, I will merely state that the
point of difference between the two committees
was upon the question whether the service should
be restored to the condition it occupied on the
4th of March, 1859. The House committee was
persistent on that point, representing the opinion
of the House; the Senate committee resisted that
point, representing the opinion of the Senate;
and, therefore, we were compelled to make a
separate report.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the House
has made another proposition on that bill, which
will be here presently.
Mr. DA VIS. When the proposition of the
House comes, it may give us an opportunity for
another conference, and, I hope, a final agreement.
In the present condition of the case, 1 ask that the
committee be discharged.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
atoi ask for action on the report?
Scvuial Senators. Oh, no; let it lie on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS. If Senators desire it to lie on the
table, very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report will
bo laid aside informally.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the post route bill.
Mr. YULEE. L now offer an amendment ap-
propriating $3,000 for furnishing the post office at
St. Louis, in accordance with an estimate from
the Post Office Department:
J2nd he it further cnacted, That the «um of .$3,000 be paid,
out ot any money in the Treasuiy not otheivv.se appiopri-
atcd, for the purpose of fitting up aud furm>himj the post
offico poition of the custom house in the city of St. Louis.
It is a new building requiring furniture. There
is a short letter from the Department, which I send
to the Chair, and ask to have read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Post Off ic*: Dkpahtme.n r, June 4.1860.
Sir : I herewith -ubmit an estimate of the postmaster of
&t. Louis, Mivm)uu. loi lining up and furm. Innjj the post
office poition of the cu-tom-houve m that cit\, and iexpect-
full) recommend an appropriation ot $3.0U(Uor that pur-
pose.
I have the honoi lo be, very re>pectfullv, your obedient
seivant, J HOLT,
Postmaster General.
Hon. D. L. Yulef, Chairman Committee on the Post Office
\ uiul Po->t Road>, United States Senate.
Mr. POLK. I will state that, before the com-
pletion of the new building, the Government of
the United States had icntcd, in the city of St.
Louis, a building for a post office. The lessors
furnished the building; and, at the time of the
completion of the building, which theGrOvemmcnt
