1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,1850, for inspection and transportation purposes,
^30,00(1.
Now, sir, in a part of the time allowed me, I
will have read a letter which X have received from
the Light-House Board.
The letter was read, as follows:
Light-House Board, Jlpril 28, 1860.
Dear Sir: The sum total estimated for by tile Light-
Ilouse Board, fur current maintenance of the establishment
on the Pacific const, is §48,OHO in round numbers. Of this
sura S3().00a will be required for the support of the steam
tender employed on that coast. In looking over the light-
house bill, recently reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways arid Means of the House, I perceive that
this very important item has been stricken out; leaving us
but §18,000 lor all purposes on that extensive coast. I take
it for gianted that then; is no disposition on the part of
Congress unduly to cramp the operations of the Light-
llouse Board, a board so intimately connected with the
safely of commerce and navigation, and whose affairs, f un-
dertake to say, have been managed with the stnetest tegard
for economy. I take the liberty, therefore, of stating to you
the facts that render this appiopriation for the maintenance
of the steam tender so necc.ssaty to us, and to ask your aid
in that behalf. The whole of the west coast of the United
States, extending fiom San Diego to the Straits of Fuca,
forms but a single light-house district, and all the duties of
this district are performed by the steam tender in question.
She takes up and puts down ail the buoys, delivers the sup-
plies of oil and other materials to the light-houses, super-
intends the repairs, and transports the inspector fiom point
to point on his tour of inspection. In short, we rely upon
this vessel to facilitate all our operations in that district,
and without her, or some other vessel, (which latter we
should be obliged to charter at greater expense, if the ap-
propiiation for the tender Jails,) the proper duties cannot
be perlormed. If the tender he laid up—and we shall be
obliged to lay her up, if the appiopriation fails—the buoys
will go adrift, the supplies cannot be transported, we shall
be obliged to transport mechanics by chance conveyances
to lepair the light-Houses, and the inspector will have no
means of travel at ins command for inspection purposes.
It cannot be possible that Congress means to leduee us to
such a strait.
You is, very respectfully, It. SE3IMES.
Hon. T. D. F.liot,
Committee of Commerce, House of Representatives.
Mr. ELIOT. Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire
to refer the committee to the law under which that
vessel was first provided, which was passed in
August, 1856. It reads:
" For providing a suitable vessel and maintaining the same
one year in visiting lights," &c.
Wow, sir, this is the only vessel which is cm-
ployed for that purpose on the whole Pacific coast;
and I beg to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that the whole amount appropriated for
the light-house department for the Pacific coast
is $18,000. This same amount last year was
asked for by the Secretary of the Treasury, but
was not granted. The amount was stricken out
from the appropriation bill. I understand that,
in consequence of that reduction, it became neces-
sary for the Light-House Board to cutoff appro-
priations from one place and another, in order to
save the money necessary to maintain this vessel,
which was employed upon that coast for about
one half of the time; but it is said that, if this ap-
propi iation is not made now, it will be necessary
to abandon the use of the vessel, and lay her up,
leaving the whole light-house department on the
Pacific coast without a tender, and without the
same means of furnishing the facilities which are
furnished to every other section of the coast.
1 beg to say, in conclusion, that the Secretary
of the Treasury has recommended this amount of
$30,000, as absolutely required for this purpose,
which is the same amount provided in this amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state, in a few words,
the reason why the Committee of Ways and
Means agreed to strike out this estimate. We
found that there was no vessel employed for this
purpose upon the Atlantic or Gulf coast, and they
were not able to see why the light-houses on the
coast of Oregon and Washington should not be
supplied in the same manner that all the other
light-houses in the country are. They consid-
ered that $30,000 for the employment of a tender
on that coast was a rather expensive business,
when the whole expense of the light-houses on
t he Pacific coast, aside from that, were but§18,000.
They thought they saw a very considerable dis-
crepancy between the cost of the maintenance of
this vessel and the obje'et to be accomplished by
its maintenance, and therefore did not insert the
appropriation in the bill.
Mv. 15URCH. I wish to inquire if this appro-
priation was not estimated ior by the Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. The estimate was submit-
ted by the Light-House Board.
Mr. BURCH. I will state that this amount is
necessary for the maintenance of this vessel, and
that the vessel is necessary for the purpose of
visiting and carrying supplies to the light-houses
on the Pacific coast.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have not one of these
steamers on the Atlantic coast. When the Gov-,
eminent wants materials to be carried to the va-
rious light-houses on the Atlantic coast they hire
it to be done.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend the amendment
by increasing the appropriation one dollar.
Mr. COX. I raise the point of order that the
amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and holds the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen will
turn to the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the state of the finances, page 290, they will
find at present that the duty of attending upon the
buoys is mainly performed by twenty-one light-
house and buoy tenders manned by two hundred
seamen. I would like to know whether the chair-
man of the Committee of W aysand Means intends
to be understood as saying that those vessels do not
belong to the Government? They belong to the
Government, of course; and by and by there will be
a proposition made changing the system of using
sailing vessels, which are now employed. It has
been found almost impossible to make sailing ves-
sels available. There is but one steam vessel cm-
ployed by the United States, and thatis the steam
vessel Shubrick, which is used upon the Pacific
coast. The Atlantic coast is taken care of by sail-
ing vessels. The lakes are taken care of by the
sailing vessels; but the duty of examining the
light-houses, and all the other duties of inspection
of light-houses and buoys on the Pacific coast, are
performed by one steam vessel.
There is no appropriation here for the support
of that vessel. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means states that he thinks the sum
is large. Now, sir, I have no personal knowledge
that would enable me to say whether §30,000 is
more than ought to be asked for or not. I have
this to say, that from the furthest north to the
remotest south of the Pacific coast of the United
States this work is done by that one vessel. All
the examinations arc made by her. The Light-
House Board and the Secretary of the Treasury
have said that §30,000 is wanted. They better
know what is wanted than I do. If they are
right, the appropriation ought to be made; if they
arc wrong, it ought to be withheld. It was with-
held las; year. Under the then condition of the
Treasury, as I learn from the Light-House Board,
it was deemed by the Secretary of the Treasury
not important that it should be included in the
estimates of appropriations, and it was, therefore,
stiuck out. The Government having suffered
because it was struck out, and there being now
an absolute necessity for the work, the Secretary
of the Treasury has reported it, and it is in the
estimates of appropriations.
Mr. STOUT. I aslc the gentleman to with-
draw his amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I will withdraw it, if there be no
objection. (
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. STOUT. I offer an amendment to the
amendment, increasing the appropriation two dol-
lars. I will detain the committee only for a mo-
ment. I desire to address a few remarks, in reply
to one 01- two of the objections which seem to be
raised by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. It is true that §30,000 appears to be
a large amount to appropriate to sustain this ves-
sel on the Pacific coast, but the expenses on that
coast for all these things are much larger than
they are upon the Atlantic coast. If wc were not
to employ this steam vessel, but were to hiie ves-
sels to do tins work, the expense, in my judg-
ment, would bo far greater than §30,000.
I have only to mention one or two facts, sir, to
show how important it is to have this steam ves-
sel upon the Pacific coast. The buoys on that
coast have necessarily to be watched. At the
mouth of the Columbia river there are sand bars
where buoys are anchored, and those buoys are
constantly shifting. It is neccssary to have this
steam vessel there, that, Avhen these buoys have
drifted fiom their moorings, they may be replaced.
If we do not have it, the fear will be that man-
ners entering the mouth of the Columbia river,
Puget Sound, and Umpqua harbor, may.be de-
ceived and suffer because of the buoys becoming
displaced. It is necessary, also, to have this ves-
sel for the inspection of the light-houses on that
coast.
The fact that this appropriation was defeated-
last year did not reduce the expense to the Gov-
ernment. The Light-House Board have reported
that the same expense has been incurred as if the
appropriation had not been withheld. TJie vessel
had to be kept in service for the purpose of in-
specting the buoys and light-houses on the Pacific
coast. The question now is, whether we will
make this appropriation for what is absolutely
neccssary, or delay it until the next meeting of
Congress, to be then called upon to provide for it
in a deficiency bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will detain the committee
but a moment. This vessel was purchased in 1856,
under an amendment to an appropriation bill:
"For providing a suitable vessel, and to maintain the
same for one year in visiting the lights and other aids; for
inspections and delivery of supplies; for placing and re-
moving buoys; and for the transportation of materials, sup-
plies, and faboreis for constructing and repairing light-
houses on the Pacific coast, $60,000."
On the Atlantic coast, all these services are per-
formed by contract. In 1857 we appropriated
$30,000 for this steam vessel, and in 1858 §30,000
more; so that this vessel has already cost the Gov-
ernment §120,000. There are but fifteen light-
houses on the coast of California, Oregon, and
Washington, and the expense incurred by them
is $18,000 a year. It seems to me that $30,000 a
year is too much for the transportation of oil and
wicks, &c., to these light-houses. The commit-
tee thought so last year, and they struck it out.
The committee of this House followed the ex-
ample of the committee of the last session.
Mr. STOUT. There are between two thousand
and twenty-five hundred miles of coast upon which
those light-houses are distributed. Now, I think
that the question of the extent of coast lias a ma-
terial bearing upon this appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that if this
vessel is principally needed for visiting and in-
specting buoys upon the Pacific coast, we had
better employ in that service one of our useless
naval vessels. If it be needed for the transpor-
tation of supplies, I think that we had better hire
for that service some Yankee captain, or some
Baltimore clipper. Let us do it by contractus it
is done upon the Atlantic coast.
Mr. STOUT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I am glad
to see this exhibition of economy on the pari of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Mr. Chair-
man, it would seem, after the clear exposition of
this subject by the repoit of the Light-House
Board, that this committee has some reason toput
confidence in the statements of Ae members of the
Committee on Commerce, and of gentlemen who
represent the Pacific coast, as to the necessity of
keeping up this steam vessel. The Light-House
Board recommend that Congress shall make an
appropriation for this vessel. We have a coast
exceeding twenty-five hundred miles in length;
and when you come to include the length of riv-
ers and harbors, where buoys have to be attended
to, the length will be increased to three thousand
miles. Wo have, on that coast, no lines of rail-
roads, or of wagon roads, like those on the At-
lantic, coast. You can make visits of inspection;
and you can send your oil and laborers almost to
the very doors of your light-houses, upon your
railroads. We have not that immense amount of
carrying trade and of steamers which enables us
to make use of the ordinary means of commerce
for this purpose. We hav e tried that steamer for
four years; and the question is, does the Govern-
ment intend to have an efficient light-house ser-
vice upon that coast; is the commerce of that
coast entitled to the care of this Government? It
is not the question of fifteen light-houses; it is
not a question of $20,000, or so, required for the
oil, &c.; but it is a question whether you will
have light; whether you will have buoys; and
whether your ocean steamers and sailing vessels
shall be safe.
The experience of the Light-House Board—-a
board which should commend itself to, the cons,-
