S2S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22.
ams. And all drop letters shall be prepaid by postage
stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had receded from its amendment, disagreed
to by the Senate, to the first amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 503) making further
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1860; and had agreed to the said first
amendment, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Afr. YULEE. Lettheamendnientof the House
to the Post Office deficiency bill be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill under
discussion will be laid aside, if there be no objec-
tion, and the action of the House will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That tills Flouse recedc from its amendment,
disagreed to by the Senate, to the Senate's first amendment
to the bill (II. R. No. 503) making farther appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending tin; 30th of June, 1860, and agree to said first
amendment with the following amendment!
At the end of said Senate amendment add :
Provided) The said service shall be performed in the same
time as was prescribed in the schedule time in the contract
for the service of the steamer Isabel line; and the Post-
master General is hereby authorized and directed to pay
for the actual service performed by the said steamer Isabel
linv, ftoni Charleston to Havana, pievious to the parage
of this act, <it the same rate of compensation as was pro-
vided in the contract lor that service: Jlnd provided further,
That the Postmaster General is hereby directed to restore
$Ue inland semoe on ail the loutes under contiaet on the
4th of March, 1859, unless where unproved service over
said toutcs has been furnished byiaihoads oi otherwise;
and where the service has been actually pcrfoimcd by tlie
contractor upon cui tailed route*, notwithstanding Mich
curtailment, the Postmaster General shall pay the contract-
ors as if no change had been ordered; but the Postmaster
GeneiaUhall not bo required to icstoio the service on any
of said routes beyond one daily mail each way, nor to in-
tetfere with any changes of service that may have been
made without reduction of pi ice ; nor to restore service on
route No. KKH5, tiom Neosho, Missouri, to Albuqueupie,
New Mexico; nor to restoie service1 on loute No. 15050,
ftom Kans,City, Missouri, via Santa Fe, New Mexico,
to StoeKton, California; nor on any part of the route No.
8076, west o| Kl P:w): Provided further, That nothing
herein contained shall debar the Postmaster Geneial trom
discontinuing or cmUiliug any of the loutcs hereby  c-
stored ; not shall the contractor or eouti actors upon said
restored routes be paid any extia allowance whatever, in
consequence of any new curtailment or discontinuance :
Andpjovtdcd fat liter, Thatnosoivieo hereby restored shall
be put in opciation miles* by the assent of the contractor
or eontiactoiM thercioi * ^Jnd provided fui liter, That the
appropiMtion heiciii made shall be so consulted a* to em-
brace those made hy flic joint resolution for the lelief ol
the contractors of the Post Cilice Department, appioved
28th March. I860: And proculcd Jurther, That nothing
herein contained shall bo coustiuud so as to renew the mail
service on the Cumberland river, above Clarksville, in the
State of Tennessee.
Mr. DAVIS. One of the modifications in the
proposition which the House now presents, is an
amendment which was proposed in the Senate, to
strike out so much of tin; original amendment of
the House as made a distinction between the
States where the contracts had expired, and those
where they were still running. There is a minor
change, made by striking out " the steamer Isa-
bel,and inserting " the steamer Isabel line."
It may be that another committee of conference
will be able to reach something acceptable to the
two Houses of Congress; and' if it l>e the pleas-
ure of the Senate, I move that we ask the appoint-
ment of another committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. In order to try the ques-
tion without taking time, I move, so as to test the
sense of the Senate, that the Senate agree to the
amendment of the House.
Mr. YULEE. i gave way only for the pur-
pose of allowing the amendment to be read.' I
nope it will not be undertaken to get a vote on it
now. It must necessarily lead to discussion. I
cannot, on the mere reading of the amendment
now from the desk, sufficiently comprehend the
changes which the House proposes. I shall want
to examine them, and when we get through this
bill wt shall be able to examine it. I gave way
only for the purpose of hearing the amendment
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Post Office deficiency bill is before the Sen-
ate, and can be laid aside only by vote of the
Senate,
Mr. YULEE. The post route bill was laid
aside only for the purpose of allowing this amend-
ment to be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having
been taken up by unanimous consent, it is, in the
opinion of the Chair, legitimately before the body,
and must be disposed of by a vote.
Mr. YULEE. I gave way only for the read-
ing of the amendment, as my friend from Mis-
sissippi knows, by unanimous consent, and cer-
tainly advantage will not be taken of that to lay
aside the post route bill, which it is important
should reach the House at once, and go into a
discussion upon the other. I have been requested
from the House to send the post route bill there
as quickly as possible; and in consequence of that
request, I shall withhold several of the amend-
ments I designed to offer.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should think it would be
very extraordinary, when the Senator from Flor-
ida desires to go on with his bill, and unanimous
consent was given merely for the reading of the
amendment, that the Senate should insist on
availing themselves of that unanimous consent to
force it on him. I do not think it is fair dealing.
Mr. DAYIS. I asked for the reading, and I
did understand the Senator from Florida to give
way for the reading; but after it was read, 1 saw
what changes had been made, and thought it pos-
sible the Senate could dispose of it at once.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the gentleman
from Florida will hardly need any time about it.
There is nothing new in this amendment. It
presents the same question which was started by
the Senator from South Carolina; and that is, to
restore the service, notwithstanding the expiration
of the contract upon a route. That is all the
change there is in it.
Mr. YULEE. Do I understand that it is the
same amendment which the House sent here be-
fore, with only that difference?
Mr. COLLAMER. That is all.
Mr. HAMMOND. There is another differ-
ence. They now use the words " Isabel line,"
instead of " steamer Isabel," because the Catawba
performed two trips. That is what they intended
in the first place.
Mr. YULEE. But it is the same thing sub-
stantially.
Mr. HAMMOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. It is proper for the Senate to
consider what course ought to be taken. Cer-
tainly the matter cannot be disposed of instantly.
We want to examine, to consider it. The House
has sent us now the hill in another shape, and we
shall want to consider what we ought to do. It
is now here.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the only differ-
ence.
Mr. TOOMBS. It makes a very important dif-
ference, and one that I intend to discuss myself.
It puts back all the service, even where the con-
tracts have expired. It makes it about ten times
as bad.
Mr. YULEE. Do I understand the Chair to
have decided that this bill has superseded the post
route bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it has been taken up and is in the
hands of the Senate, and must be disposed of.
Mr. YULEE. I move, then, to set it asid
and that we proceed with the consideration of
post route bill.
The motion was agreed to~~ayes twenty^wo
noes not counted.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The Senate, aa m Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the bill
(H, It. No. 714) establishing certain post routes.
Mr. YULEE. I oiler now an amendment le-
lating to the California mail service, which may
be read, and then I ask that a letter from the Post
Office Department, which I send to the Chair,
may also be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Whereas it appeals trom the report ot the Postmaster
Geneial Hiat it will be doubtful whether the mails of the
United States can be transported between the ports ol the
Atlantic and tho<e of the Pacific on the terms pi escribed
by th< fourth section of an act entitled " An act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office Depaitnient
I during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1861," ap-
pioved the 5th day of Jane, 1860: Theiefore,
Be it fuithrr enacted, That the Postmaster General be,
and he is hereby, authorized to contract for the carrying of
said mails; by ocean and Isthmus transit, over the shortest
practicable route, between New York and San Francisco,
at a late of compensation not to exceed $400,000 per an-
num ; which conti act shall be for a term not exceeding two
years from its date, and may be made with "or without ad-
vertisement, as the Postmaster General may deem the pub-
lic interests require. Aud the compensation winch may
become due to the contractors for this service, as well as
for that winch may be performed on the inland routes num-
bered 8911, between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Salt Lake
City, Utah Territory; 12801, between Salt Lake City, Utah,
and Placerville, California; 13515, between St. Paul and
Puget Sound; and 12578, known as the great overland mail
route, shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, on the certificate of the Postmas-
ter General that the service has been duly peiformed.
Mr. YULEE. I ask now for the reading of
the letter from the Department.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Post Office Department, June 20, 1860.
Sir: Under the operation ot the fourth section of an act
entitled " An act making appropriations for the seivice of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1861," approved a few days since, this Depart-
ment is authorized to contract for carrying the United States
mails between the ports of the Atlantic and Pacific, but is
restricted in the compensation for the service to the post-
ages received on the mails transported. Since the passage
of this act, I have made application to the several compa-
nies owning steamships engaged at present m this trade,
and also to the only individual ship-owner known to the
public to have the ability and will Ingness to u ndertake the
scrvice, and they have all unhesitatingly declined receiv-
ing the mails on the terms of the act referred to. They
claim, and I think justly, a larger compensation than the
postages, which have suffered a great reduction because of
a diversion of the letter mails to the overland route. The
bulk of the California mails renders it impossible, at any
reasonable cost, to send them by any other than the ocean
route; and unless the law just enacted is modified, the
printed matter destined tor our Pacific possessions cannot
be loi warded. In the annual report, these mails, as dis-
patched semi-monthly, are set down as averaging ten tons
each, winch is rather under than over their actual weight.
The average. I am satisfied, from a close examination of
the leturns for a series ot trips, is considerably over twelve
tons. The last mail reported to the Department weighed
upwards of thirty-one thousand pounds, and that dis-
patched to-day, it is believed, will be much above this
figure. In view of the manifest impracticability of for-
warding such mails thiough a desert country of thiee thou-
sand miles in extent, and over mountains covered by deep
snows tor four or five months m theyear^j would respect-
fully recommend that the law just passed shall be so mod-
ified as to empower this Department to continue the ocean
service between New York and San Francisco by the near-
est and best practicable route. From the offers made, I am
satisfied that a contract on terms reasonable and ju<>t can
be at once closed for the transportation of the mads by
this loute.
1 have the honor to be, most respectfully, youi obedient
servant, J. IIOLT.
lion. D L. Yur.Er,
Chairman Post Ojfiec Committee, Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I will state, that the scope of the
amendment offered is simply to relieve the De-
partment from the restriction contained in the
Post Office appropriation bill for 1861, which con-
fines him to postages as the compensation for the
ocean service, and authorizes him to use that mode
of transportation at a cost not exceeding ^400,000.
There is another clause in the amendment which
provides that the cost of the California service
shall be taken out of the moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, relieving the Post
Office Department.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair an amend-
ment, which I offer as a substitute for that of the
Senator from Florida.
The Secretary read the amendmentof Mr. Wil-
son, as follows:
And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and be is hereby, authorized and directed to contract
with contiactors on route "^yQll, between St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, and Great Salt Lake City, and route *12801, between
Great Salt Lake City and Placeiville, California, or with
cither of them, for the conveyance of the entire United
States mail between St. Louis, via St. Joseph, Missouii,
and Placerville, to San FrancNco, California, in twenty
days5 time: Provided, The scrvice can be obtained tn
weekly the fir-t year, at a compensation not to exceed
$000,000, and daily thereafter at an additional compensa-
tion not to exceed $200,0011 per annum, the service to
expire July 1, 18G6, aud the contractors to supply Denver
City and Great Salt Lake City with a weekly mail with-
out additional compensation.
AmI be it faither enacted, That the Postmaster General
be,and he is hereby, authouzed and dnected to piovidefor
the conveyance of the enure United States mail on which
letter postage is paid, weekly, from St. Paul, MinnesOM, via
St. Cloud, and tiom Superior, Wiscons-m, viaCrow Wing,
to the Dalles, m Oiegon, with the same preemption light
as heretofore allowed upon other through routes: Provided,
The service can be obtained at an annual cost not ex-
ceeding $200,000, and the nip to be performed in twenty
days, from May 1 to November 1; in thirty days the re-
mainder of the year.
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is heieby, authorized and directed to contract
with the contractors on route *8076, now engaged in the
transportation of the mails between San Antonio, Texas,
and El Paso, Texas, for the conveyance of the entire Uni-
ted States mail, semi-weekly, in ten days' time, between
New Orleans, Louisiana, and El Paso, Texas, for a com-
pensation not to exceed ยง300,000 per annum; the contract
