324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
had none last year—to the reference of this matter
to the Committee on Private Land Claims. I had
not at that time seen the petition, did not know
wl^at its contents wore, except somebody told me
there Vas a petition in relation to this bill; and
when it was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, on examination there, I found that
the petitioners thoughtproper to impute improper
motives to the chairman of that committee, who
reported the bill. Under these circumstances—it
being the very eve of the close of the session—I
proposed to the committee, as it was impossible
for the matter to be-examined at that late period
of the session, that we should get the consent of
the Senate to pass a jointresolution postponing the
operation of the law complained of until the close
of the present Congress, in order to give time to
have the matter properly investigated during the
present Congress. 1 have since seen—I have been
shown by some of my friends in this Chamber—
a publication hy the parties who presented this
petition, Reusing me of having had that sent to
my committee for the purpose of having my own
conduct whitewashed, or something of that kind,
I believe; and representing this resolution, passed
in their interest to give them time, as a mode of
disposing of the matter finally.
1 am told now by the Senator from Georgia,
that these petitioners do not object to its going to
the Committee on Private Land Claims. They
may very well say so here, sir; but at the sai^
time they will go home and make the same charge
again that they did before. It is a matter to me
of entire indifference. The wtiole matter is too
absurd to give me one moment's concern, and
still I think under the circumstances the Senate
will see the justice of not referring the matter again
to the same committee. 1 would prefer that it
should go to some other committee. The ques-
tions involved are questions of law. X do not care
about its going particularly to any committee.
The Committee on the Judiciary seems to me the
appropriate one, but if it does not go to that let a
special committee be raised. I trust the Senate
will see that it is due to me that the matter should
not be referred to my committee under the cir-
cumstances.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Committee on Private
Land Claims took charge of it at the last session
and introduced a resolution, which was passed,
to suspend the law during this Congress, as there
was no time ft# action then. I do not see why
the same committee cannot act on it this session
as well as the last. I think it is getting to be a
matter of some consequence. Three hundred and
sixty-five citizens complain of wrong, and if it be
the pleasure of the. Senate, I am perfectly willing
to take it myself if the gentlemen do not want it,
and therefore I withdraw my former motion, and
move that a select committee of five be appointed.
I think they have n right to have thi^ question
inquired into, and 1 am peif'ectly willing to assume
whatever labor may be necessary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 agree to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on referring the subject of the petition to a
select committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the committee be
appointed by the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
regarded as the sense of the Senate unless object-
ed to.
Messrs. Toombs, Puhii, Ciiesnot, Critten-
den, and Fessenden were appointed the commit-
tee.
IIOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. MASON. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet to-morrow at one o'clock, and
thereafter to meet at one o 'clock until farther order
of the Senate. It is, I think, very manifest to
Senators that the morning hours can be better
employed elsewhere than in the Senate. J do not
know what there may be for the committees to
do, but two of the committees with which I am
connected have business which will icquiie their
attention during that time. At any rate we had
better meet at one o'clock. It was the custom in
the earlier days of the Senate always to meet at
one o'clock. It will be in the power of the Sen-
ate at any time to change it.
Mr, COLLAMER. I think it would be a very
great convenience to members of the Senate to
have this arrangement made, while the other
House is unorganized and in its present condition.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
submitted by Mr. Bright, on the 27thDecember,
1859, to print the annual message of the President
of the United States and the accompanying docu-
ments.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the members
of the two great political parties 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow mc one
moment for a little explanatory matter?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to enterinto this
debate at all. The Senator is kind enough to
allow me a moment for a little, matter of explana-
tion. Yesterday, some remarks fell from mc in
the course of the debate on this question, in which
I used a word which I understood afterwards had
been the subject of some criticism bv the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. t)oolittle
who was oil the floor. In speaking of those States
where there were no slaves, 1 spoke of them as
" servile States." Iwas not present in the Senate
when the honorable Senator who had the floor,
and who kindly yielded to me, criticised the use •
of the term, and I therefore do not know what
view he took of it. I used the term, Mr. Presi-
dent, knowingly and deliberately, with a view to
draw what 1 understand to*bc the true distinction
between the States of this Union where there are
slaves and those States where there are no slaves.
In common parlance, since this unhappy question
has amen in our country, this sectional division,
m the attempt to distinguish between the States
where there were slaves and the States where there
were no ♦laves, they have been called on the one
side slave States, and on the other side the free
States. Those among whom I live have never
taken any exception to the designation of that
section of the country as the slave States—know-
ing it meant those States where there were slaves.
I do not know that the honorable Senator took
any exception to the term; but I do not see that
any exception can be taken to the term " servile"
ns applied to those States where th ore are no slaves.
Certainly, in speaking of the slave States, they do
not mean States that are not as free as any of the
States of the Confederation—quite as free, if not
freer; but they are designated as slave States, and
no exception is taken to the term. The other
States, sir, are not the free States. They might
possibly be called servant States—States where
there i* a class of their population in bondage and
bondsmen, although certainly not in any offensive
sense—bondsmen, not slaves; men who are sub-
jected to the will of others—the servants. You
have all got servants, and your constituents have
servants. From the necessity of theireondition,
there is a serving class m the so-called free States
as there is a serving class m the skive States—
those who are subjected by contract to the will of
others. They are servants, and ore always called
so—known so in the legal acceptation of the term.
It is unnecessary to go into the derivation of ser-
vants from-thc Latin word scrvio, to S'tvc.
Rut,sir,the " sorvantSiates""\£ould notexactly
express the idea, because, again, necessarily from
their unhappy condition—not in the region of
country, I take it for granted,"which the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin represents, but in
other regions of the country where there are no
slaves—that very class of servants are by their
masters made servile. Sir, I have seen them—I
dare sav every Senator on this floor has seen them
—wearing the master's livery. I have seen it in
this city—a class of servants wearing- the badge
of servitude, the livery of then* masters, a degra-
dation to a white man. Yet they consider that
the necessity of their position requires that on the
part of the servant, to minister, 1 suppose, to the
pride of the master. That is the servile class. I
do not know, therefore, that we could properly
express the distinction that subsists between the
States where there are slaves and the States where
there arc no slaves, by calling the latter the ser-
vant States; and there could be no term of oppro-
brium greater than to call a man a slave; and yet
they speak of my State always as a slave State,
because there are slaves there, hi those States
where, unhappily for them, they can have no
slaves, they yet have a class of servants who are
not as free as those whom they serve—whose will
is, subjected to that of another by contract. Now,
sir, there is no degradation to that class whatever,
to speak of them as they are. To speak of a man
as a servant of another is no term of opprobrium.
Certainly, I do not use it in that sense, and I do
not entertain it in that" sense. I am the servant of
another in my profession when I engage to do his
business as his attorney. I am not seiwile, for I
do not wear the badge of servitude.
I only intended to say to the honorable Senator,
that I meant nothing offensive—I do not know the
light in which he received it; but I do mean to
say that in those States where there are no slaves,
there is a class of servants of necessity, and in
some of them they make those servants know
their position, I think, by a high degree of offens-
ive imposition upon them; by requiring them to
appear in public .with the badge of servitude—a
thing that is unknown in my State, and I dare
say unknown in the States of a great many hon-
orable Senators here, but it has been seen more
than once. It has been seen in this city. I have
seen it, and all the Senators have seen it—coach-
men and footmen wearing the badge of servitude
as the livery of their masters. That is the ser-
vilky to which they are reduced and which is
imposed upon them. 1 think if it was necessary
clearly to define what was the true distinction in
classes betweey the States where there arc slaves
and the States where there are no slaves, the term
"free" ccrtainly does not define it; because those
who form the political comlnuuity in the slave
States arc as free as any of you, if not freer; and
yet, for having got slaves amongst us, yo-u call us
" slave States," and we do not object to the term.
I do not object to it, and never'di'd hear of an ob-
jection to it. I do not sec, therefore, that proper
objection can be taken to the term applied by me
to designate the States where there are no slaves.
That is all I meant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the leave of my hon-
orable friend from Iowa, 1 will say a word. If
the honorable Senator from Virginia had been
present at the time that I concluded my remarks
yesterday, when I referred to the epithet used by
him, applied to the free States as they are com-
monly denominated, he would not have found any
occasion to refer to my remarks on the ground
that I had received it in any offensive sense, for I
stated, at the time, that I was not aware of the
sense in which the honorable gentleman used that
term. I confess I was at a loss to conceive lus
meaning. At one time, in the hurry of the mo-
ment, in the heat of debate, I did not know but
that possibly my honorable friend might have
referred to the Democratic party in the free States,
to which I confess, sometimes, I have thought
this term of " servile" micht be applied with a
good deal of force; but still I did not choose to
receive the term as applied in an offensive sense,
but expressly waived it, putting the remark which
I made upon the ground that, as Wisconsin, the
State which I represent on this floor, is the
youngest born child of Virginia, in whatever
sense the honorable Senator might have used the
term, I would never be pj-ovoked to use any op-
probrious epithet towards the State of Virginia.
That was the substance of my remark, as the hon-
orable gentleman will sec when he looks over the
report of my speech.
Mr. HARLAN resumed the floor, and spoke
in defense of the political aims and objects of the
: Republican party with reference to its policy in
i regard to the future occupation of our territorial
j domain. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. FOSTER.. Mr. President, the question
before the Senate 
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator give way
for a motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business? I think there are some com-
munications from the President which icquire
action.
Mr. FOSTER. What I have to say will not
require any length of time. 1 would rather not
occupy the floor over night. If there is anything
pressing, I will give way.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is nothing pressing,
except that an executive session is desirable, for a
very few moments, to make some references of
papers which have been sent in. 1 shall renew
the motion when the Senator has got through.
