THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 23, 1860.
New Series No. 203.
to continue for the same length of time as the service pro-
vided lor in tliu foregoing sections
he it further enacted, That the cost of service au-
thorized in this act shall b? paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury, upon the ccuificate of service lrom the Post
Office Department.
Jind be it further enacted, That the contractors on the
oveiiaml maii routes herein provided for shall have the
privilege of forwarding printed matter, semi-monthly, at a
schedule of thirty days.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a very brief
explanation of this amendment. Itis, 111 substance,
the bill proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale.] We have a contract with
Butteracld & Co., which stands 111 the way of
making a system of mail transportation across the
continent. 1 do not propose, however, to touch
that contract, for I see that Senators from the
southwestern States are opposed to changing But-
terfield's line. Therefore I propose that that line
shall stand just as it now is—expiring in 1864, I
think. Then I propose in this amendment to
carry the mails, such as may be tendered,across
the continent from St. Louis to San Francisco,
tri-wcekly.
Mr. YuLEE. For how much?
Mr. WILSON. For $600,000; $800,000a year
will give daily service. I require them to carry
the printed matter in a schedule of thirty days.
Then I propose from New Orleans, by way of
San Antonio, to have a semi-weekly'line to El
Paso, so as to connect therewith tfutterfield's
line. The expense of carrying all the mails to
California under thisamendment, if adopted, will
be $1,450,000 a year.
Mr. YULEE. How much for the New Or-
leans and El Paso route?
Mr. WILSON. Two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars semi-weekly. Six hundred thousand
dollais will be paid by the way of St. Louis, and
$600,000 is now paid to the Butterfield line, making
altogether$l,450,000. Then there is a clause for a
mail to Oregon, across the country, at an expense I
of #200,000. I do not want to see any more con-
tracts made with steamship lines to convey mails
between different parts of our own countiy. I
think the necessities of the country require that
there shall be an overland mail system. If the
Butterfield line was out of the way, there would
be no trouble in securing a proper system on rea-
sonable terms; but I do not believe you can change
the Butterfield line now, and therefore I propose
to let it stand, and provide for the other lines
named in my amendment, so that we shall have
the central route, the Dutterficld route, the New
Orleans and San Antonio route, and have nothing
to do with the steamers. Then the printed matter
from the South can be carried across the country,
from New Orleans by El Paso; and on the line
from St, Louis I propose to allow a schedule of
thirty days for uurymg the punted matter. 1
think that will throw out a great deal of printed
mutter which would otherwise go in the mails,
and cause them to send it by steamers—such as
periodicals that the people will want to get in less
than thirty days. By taking them out of the mails
you relieve the burden of carrying the printed
matter, which brings no income whatever, but is a
large expense.
Mr. LANE. I was not here when the first
amendment was read; but I would suggest to the
mover of the pending amendment that the route
which starts fi.jm St. Paul should properly, in
justice to the country on the Pacific,germinate at
Seattle, in Washington Tenitory, with a branch
to the Dalles, in Oregon; for it leaves the main
direction to the Pacific coast when it turns to go
to the Dalles, in Oregon. I suggest to the Senator j
from Massachusetts to make that alteration. Let :
him, in the third section of his amendment, strike j
out the words "to the Dalles, in Oregon/'and !
insert, 11 to Seattle, on PugetSound, with a branch
to the Dalles, in Oregon."
Mr. WILSON. I accept that amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. As th e amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is an amendment to
an amendment, it cannot be amended; but I sug-
gest to him to modify it by inserting an additional
section, providing that, in case the contractors
203
over the Salt Lake route fail to accept this ser-
vice, the Postmaster General may have the power
to provide some other service for the piinted
matter.
Mr. HALE. That can be put in.
Mr. WILSON. Let the Senator from Cali-
fornia suggest the modification he desires.
Mr. LATHAM. I will draw it up if the Sen-
ator will make it part of his amendment, because
it would be out of order for me to move it.
Mr. GWIN. It being understood that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts accepts the amendment
proposed by my colleague, I suggest that while
it is being prepared any gentleman who has an
objection to this proposition can .state it. I shall
certainly vote for this provision. If we can get
the entire mail carried overland, X am for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. proposed
modification will be read as soon as it is com-
pleted. The question is on the adoption of the
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is being prepared.
Mr. YULEE. What are we waiting for? Time
is important.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts proposesto modify his amend-
ment. The modification has not yet been pre-
pared.
Mr. YULEE. Itis understood what the nature
of the modification is, and there is no reason why
any explanations which gentlemen desire to make
in regard to the general proposition should not
proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Representa-
tives.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 330) making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (II R. No. 339) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th June, 1SG1, made the following rcpoit:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two nouses on the amendments to the bdJ (II. R. No.
339) making appiopriations lor the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government lor the year end-
msilhe JiOtlJ <>f June, 1851, having met. after full and free
eonteienee, hnve agieed to lecommend to their respective
Houses sis follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the Hous-e
amendment t" the seventh amendmentot the Senate ; and
that the Houmj recede liom it-> amendment to the said
seventh amendment, and agiec to the said seventh amend-
ment.
That the Senate recede from in amendments number
twenty-one, twenty-two, twentv three, and twontj-fotir.
J. A. PEARCE,
A O. P. NICHOLSON,
B. F. WADE.
Managers on the pait of the Senate.
J. S. MOIIWITjL,
JOfJ\ S PHELPS,
WILLIAM A. HOWARD,
Monagers on the part oj the House of Representatives.
Mr. PEARCE. There are now but really two
amendments as to which there are disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. The first is the seventh
amendment of the Senate, which ledueed the
amount appropriated foi the punting bureau, and
limited the number of clerks to three. The House
made an amendment to that in respect to the pub-
lic printing, the object being; to rectify what they
supposed an inequality of profits between the
House Printer and the Senate Printer. The Sen-
ate made an amendment to thatamendmentof the
House, by which they proposed a reduction of
twenty-five per cent, m the price of the public
printing;. The House committee and the Senate
committee have agreed to recommend that the
House recede from thatamendmentof theirs, and
that the Senate rccede from its amendment in re-
gard to the twenty-five per cent, deduction. The
effect will be to leave the printing precisely on
the terms in which it now stands by law. The
Senate committee were very desirous of having
this reduction of twenty-five per cent, made, but
they were very unwilling to disturb the rights of
the Printer of the Senate, and to take away from
him and give to the House Printer that which the
law now gives to the Senate Printer. The con-
sequence was that they could come to no agree-
ment, except to recommend that both Houses re-
cede from their respective amendments, so that
there will be no provision at all in this bill with
regard to the public printing. The House having
passed a loan bill, the Senate committee felt war-
ranted in recommending the Senate to recede from
amendments number twenty-one, twenty-two,
twenty-three, and twenty-four, which provided
for a loan.
The report was concurred in.
ENROLLED RILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 30) for the relief of Sheldon Mc-
Knight;
A bill (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of Robert
Johnson;
A bill (H. R. No. 424) for the relief of con-
gressional township number six south, of range
number eight west, in Randolph county, State of
Indiana; and
A bill (Ii. R. No. 847) authorizing a loan, and
providing for the redemption of Treasury notes.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the post route bill,
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Wilson to that offered by Mr. Yulee.
Mr. HALE. I desire simply to make a single
suggestion to the Senate upon the general merits
of this amendment, and that is, that let the Senate
determine upon what they will, I hope they will
not, by the course things have proceeded here,
be coerced into the adoption of the steamship pro-
ject. I think the Senate owe it to themselves to
reject that anyhow. When I say that, it is due
to the honorable Senator from California, who is
a member of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Iloads [Mr. Gwin] to say that he has been,
for the past three months, urging upon the com-
mittee and upon the Senate action upon this sub-
ject, for the reason that the very contingency
which now presents itself to the Senate would
piesent itself. He told us that these contracts
expired so soon that we should be left without
any service to the Pacific coast, and that he feared
the Department would be driven, as a matter of
necessity, to the employment of the steamships.
We here do not know ail the influences that are
operating upon us; but I am satisfied myself that
there has been, in some way or other—1 do not
know how, and do not undertake to say, but 1
think 1 have felt it, though I have not seen it—an
influence operating in that direction to retard le-
gislation in this body upon this subject, with the
very hope and expectation that we should find
ourselves where we now are—forced almost, as*
a matter of necessity, to take up this contract with
these steam vessels. Now, they propose to go
three times a month for $400,000 a year. You
can have an overland service from St. Louis to
San Francisco, taking your entire mail, not three
times a month, but three times a week—four times
the service—for fifty per cent, advance on what
the steamship line ask. You must pay them
§400,000 a year for carrying a mail three times a
month, and you can have your entire mail carried
overland, by responsible contractors, three times
a week—or in other words, four times as often—
for $600,000; or, if you choosc to double the sum,
