2290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment would
not be in order at the present moment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, that
amendment ought to be agreed to; and 1 shall
submit it when it will be in order.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Branch to
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia by increasing the sum $30,000, and I do
it for the purpose of saying that 1 think we are
acting perhaps a little unadvisedly in this matter.
We must consider that this city of Washington
is a city of very great distances; and that of ne-
cessity, from the fact that it is the scat of Gov-
ernment, there are a great many expenditures
which it would be unwise and unjust for us to im-
pose upon the people of this District. Now, how
much do we propose to do after this amendment?
It is not because we are lighting too many streets,
but because we are paying too much for the ma-
terial. 1 do not think we go beyond our duty in
respect to the number of streets we light. We oniy
provide for lighting Pennsylvania avenue, and two
or three of the principal streets through the public
grounds. Now, if we concur in this amendment,
and force upon the peopio all these burdens besides
that of lighting all the other streets in the city, we
impose burdens which it seems to me are unwise
and unjust. There is a necessity for lighting the
city, which would not occur if this were not the
capital of the nation; and inasmuch as we increase
the necessity of expenditure, we ought to con-
tribute our portion. If you leave the lighting of
the whole city to the people of the city, it will
impose upon them a very onerous tax, or else com-
pel them to select theirresidencesupon the streets
which are lighted.
Mr. BRANCH. I am very reluctant to inter-
fere with the gentleman from Maine, but I be-
lieve he is discussing an amendment which the
committee have already adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes the
gentleman from Maine is in order.
Mr. BRANCH. There is no appropriation in
the bill, as it now stands before the committee,
for lighting any streets in Washington.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have merely
indicated the reasons which will induce me to vote
against any amendment tending to reduce the
amount of hs;hl which the Government shall con-
tribute to this city.
Mr. MONTGOMERY- 1 am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, i am
in favor of light.- i do not think that ihe appro-
priation, as contained in the bill as originally im-
ported by the committee, is too large.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that he must confine himself to the
discussion of the amendment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am bringing round,
And must have a preface. Mr. Chairman, we own
property in this city to the amount, perhaps, of
from thirty to fifty million dollars; gentlemen
around me say to the amount of more than one
hundred million dollars. Now, I venture to say,
that if you will place a tax upon this property at
one fourth the rate that is placed upon every in-
dividual in this city, you will pay ten time* the
amount you are appropriating for the District of
Columbia. Now, js it lair, or is it honest, for
the Government of the United States, with ail its
wealth and all its treasure, to stand here higgling
about sixpences, and refusing to pay the ordinary
tax upon the property it owns in this city, com-
pelling the individuals who reside in it to pay an
amount of taxes for lighting up the streets that
becomes onerous upon them, and which is, as I
have said, four times larger than that paid by the
Government?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will it be in order
to move to amend the amendment adopted at the
instance of the gentleman from North Carolina?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, how can I
get at it, so as to leave in the bill Four-and-a-half,
Seventh, and Twelfth streets?
Mr. BURNETT. If we vote down the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, I suppose
the amendment of the gentleman from North Car-
olina will fall with it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairso understands.
Mr. MORSE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia by increas-
ing the amount one dollar. I do it, not because
I am in favor of or opposed to his amendment, but
to enable me to say simply this: it has been said
that the amount we are now paying is more than
we ought to pay for gas. Now, as I understand
it, the price of gas in any city is regulated by the
compactness of the city, and the amount of pipe
distributed. I suppose in this city they have
nearly as much pipe distributed as there is in
Philadelphia, although they have not one fourth
or one sixth the number of customers. It costs
them, therefore, a great deal more to lay the pipe;
and of course they cannot supply the gas as cheap.
I say this merely in justice to the gas company
here. 1 understand they furnish the Government
gas a quarter of a dollar cheaper than it is fur-
nished to individuals in the city.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the gentle-
man from Maine that the Government paid for
laying this pipe in a great measure.
Mr. MORSE. If that be the fact, then I am in
favor of reducing the price.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
argues here, sir, that the Government owns prop-
erty in this city to the amount of $100,000,000,
and therefore that it ought to pay for the bridges
at Georgetown, and for the gas at Georgetown,
and for it throughout this city. That argument
has been urged here before; but the same anal-
ogy will be carried into the capitals of the State
governments, which was suggested by my col-
league. Every State has certain eapitol grounds,
worth from two to five hundred thousand dollars,
containing some ten, or twenty, or thirty acres;
but no State ever undertakes, through its Legis-
lature, to pay the municipal expenses of the city
which is the seat of the government, the expenses
for gas, and for police, and all that sort of thing.
We are called upon in Washington city to vote
the municipal expenses. This Federal Govern-
ment is asked to build bridges at Georgetown,
and to pay for the gas used all over this city.
We are told that the Government owns prop-
erty here, and that it is not taxed. What is the
tax in this city ? Not more than eighty cents on
one hundred dollars. The tax in every city of
the same magnitude is twice as much asitis here.
Mr. SHERMAN. Last session we passed this
act:
"That the sum of $0,$00 be, and the same h hereby,
appropiiated out ot any inoiyjy m the Treasury not other-
wise uppiopi Kited, for laying down ga-- pipes and erecting
ca-> lamps on Four-and-a-half stieet, Seventh ^tieet, and
Twelfth stiert, aerovi the plat of earth de-eiibed in the
plan of the etty as lesetv.ition No. U3, commonl} known
the Mali, the sntn to be expended under the dnection
of the ('ominifsionei of I'nhlic Uuildmg*."
After we have paid that money for gas pipes
and lamps, we are now asked to pay a higher
price for the gas furnished.
Mr. COX. I will say, Mr. Chairn'ian, that
this is not the small economy which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania describes it to be. It is
not a sort of saving candies'ends and cheese par-
ings. Here is an item of $47,000 proposed to be
cut down to $30,000, which will pay fully tor all
the gas which we need in the public buildings.
There is no more sense m the Government of the
United States paying the gas expenses of this
city, than there is for our paying the expenses of
the people of Ohio, or the expenses of thu people
of California. We have no more right to be called
on to pay the police expenses of this city, than
the people of Petersburg have to be called upon
to pay the police cxpcnses'of Richmond city, or
than the people of the gentleman's district have
to be called upon to pay the expenses of the city
of Columbus, where I five. There is a common
rule that we ought to pursue, if we have not done
so heretofore, and that is, to make this munici-
pality pay its own expenses, it has the advantage
of having the Federal Government here, and it
should bear the burden necessary to keep up a
city equal to the magnitude of the nation of which
it is the capital.
Mr. MORSE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr, FLORENCE. I move to increase the
appropriation one dollar,
Mr. Chairman, I think that there is a misap-
prehension in reference to the laying of these gas
pipes. The pipes across the Mall, and along
Four-and-a-iuilf and Seventh streets, may have
been paid for by the Government, but the pipes
previously put down were put down at the ex-
pense of the gas company. If $30,000 will pay
for lighting the places now lighted with gas, I am
willing to reduce the appropriation of this bill to
that amount. Iam surprised that there is any
desire in this enlightened body to go back to tal-
low candles after they have used gas light. As
a matter of police, for the safety of citizens who
come here in the discharge of their proper duties,
this gas light is necessary. The Mall is the prop-
erty of the United States. There is no private
structure upon it. The gas lights there are upon
the Government ground. The avenues of this
city are under the control of the United States.
Pennsylvania avenue is graded, paved, and
cleansed by the United States, and it is lighted by
the Government of the United States, because
the corporation has no right to light it. If the
Government does not provide for lighting that
avenue, it must remain in total darkness.
The question was taken, and Mr. Florence's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORSE. I move, pro forma, to reduce the
appropriation. I want to make but a single re-
mark, in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] He refeis to an appropriation of
$G,000 for gas pipes. I understand that it is the
custom everywhere for the owners of property
to pay for pipe running out to connect with the
mam pipe. That is all that the Government did
in the'ease stated. It has not laid pipe through
any street. The gas company lays the main
pipe, and the pipe that connects with that main
pipe is laid by the owners of property.
I will state further, that I have not risen to ad-
vocate the lighting of Georgetown at the Govern-
ment expense. I am opposed to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The act of 1848 is as fol-
lows:
k' For removing: the ina^t and lantern above the dome of
the Capitol, $323; and for the purchase and erection of
lamps and lanip-po-ts ofhon.aml foi the laying ot gas pipes.,
and for oilier necessary tixtuies for lighting *4ie Capitol
grounds with ga^, to be expended under the direction of
the Commissioner of Public .Building*, a sum not exceed-
ing $10, UOU."
In 1856 I find that an appropriation was made
for the purpose of introducing gas into the marine
barracks.
Mr. MORSE. The law sustains precisely the
position I took. We laid the pipe from the Cap-
itol grounds and our public grounds to the pipes
in the streets. This company has acted as every
company in every other city hasacted. They have
laid the pipes through the streets, and the owners
of the propeity laid the supply pipes to the street
mains. Now, if this company did not lay the
pipes through the streets, we ought not to give
them two dollars a thousand feet. But if they
have laid the pipes through the streets oi this city
of magnificent distances, and we have only laid
our pipes to meet them, yet the present charge is
an exorbitant one.
Mi. SHERMAN. lean read the gentleman
a little more law m reference to these appropria-
tions, if the gentleman desires. In 1851, we ap-
propriated $G,500 for extending gas pipes and
piovidmg lamp-posts and lamps and burners in
front of the executive buildings, on Fifteenth and
Seventeenth streets, and the north front of the
President's grounds.
Mr. MORSE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I now desire to move that
the committee rise, for the purpose of going into
the House, that we may put an end to this debate;
so that we can come to a vote upon my amend-
ment. If, however, gentlemen will take a vote
upon it now, I will not make the motion.
[Cries of "Vote !" "Vote!"]
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
J Branch, and Leach of Michigan, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I move'now to strike out these
lines which we have been discussing, from one
hundred and forty to one hundred and forty-four,
inclusive. I move the amendment in order to
bring before the committee what I was unable to
state before, and that is in relation to the doings
of the committee in reference to this subject of
gas. As soon as the resolution was referred to
the Committee on Public Grounds, I opened a
