326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
and came North in the summer. During the past
summer, some of his children attended a public
school, and a very excellent school it was, as I
kndfcv, for it was in my own town, where a few
black children also attended, and on his return to
his home in Alabama, the fact somehow cametmt
that his children had attended a school for a time,
while absent, where black children attended, and
he was notified that he must leave that locality
forthwith—a man, as I have stated, many yeais
there in business, as I believe, and, as I'also be-
lieve, not even an anti-slavery man; but he had
committed the offense of allowing; his children to
attend a school where colored children also at-
tended. Under these circumstances, he was re-
quired to abandon his place and business, break
up his relations and go North, at the peril of his
life or gross personal indignity.
I will not add to these cases. They might be
multiplied to a great extent. I am aware that it
may be said that this treatment is good enough
for Abolitionists—good enough for men who are
not orthodox on the subject of slavery. I am of
quite another opinion, and think it better that any
man who has violalod the law should be punished
according to law. In some portions of the slave-
holding States it seems to be an established doc-
trine 'that persons of either sex, male or female,
who come from the North, but who are residing
within their limits, shall leave because they are
from the North, or at all events shall be deprived
of all means of subsistence while they remain,
which amounts, really, to the old Roman mode
of banishment, depriving persons of the use of
fire and water until they left the city. Such has
been the manner in which oven females have been
treated in some of the slaveholding States, against
whom no charge was made that they had said or
done anything exceptionable, even according to
the standard of right and wrong where they were
residing. In the State of Virginia, where two
young women were the applicants for a place as
instructresses of a school, they received this
answer:
'•'The board of trustees mot yesterday, and passed upon
tlic vaiious application*, yours among the re*t. I deeply
regret to say that, although your recommendations wcie
altogether the most favoiable, your proposal wan imme-
diately t.ojeetod a^ «oon a* the fact became known that you
were both fiom thy North. The feeling is so strong, and
the foolish cxcitcment has run so high on the subject of
northern people, that the community here seem almost
blind, and if they continue in their present policy they will
lay thenvseiv.'.3 open to seveie criticism, if not to cenbure."
These are specimens only, Mr. President, of
the manner in which citizens of the United States
are treated here within the limits of the old thir-
teen States. Does the present seem to be a proper
time for our Government to tulce upon itself the
business of reforming the evils and abuses which
may exist elsewhere?
It is not alone because of the lawless proceed-
ings within the slaveholding States, that I think
the recommendation of the President with respect
to Mexico is mistimed. Look, sir, at our Ter-
ritory of Utah. What is the condition of Amer-
ican citizens within that Territory, or indeed pass-
ing through the neighborhood of that Territory,
wiio are obnoxious to a majority of the residents
# within its borders ? Is the life or liberty or prop-
erty, ofon American citizen within that Territory,
whos*>views and feelings do not conform to the
views? and freling.s of that strange people who in-
habit it, any more safe than they arc in Mexico?
Have there not been within the past two years,
outrages us greof, as enormous, committed upon
American citizens within that Territory, and by
the inhabitants of that Territory, as have been
committed within the Republic of Mexico a°oin.st
citizens of the United States ? Do we not know
that murders, most foul and unprovoked and
wanton,have been committed within that legion '
Sometimes, I am aware, they have been charged
to the hostile Indians m the neighborhood; but
the better opinion is that barbarous savages, at all
events in these particular cases, have not been so
cruel as our own citizens 111 that Territory. The
•Secretary of the Interior in his report, which forms
a portion of the document sent to us by the Pres-
ident, says:
"I iegret to be obliged to add to this that reports und
other official documents submitted to the Department fur-
nish sufficient evidence to justify the belief that the most
atrocious cases of murder and rapine charged to the account
of the Indians have, in reality, been committed by white
men wearing the disguise of Indians. It cannot be doubted
that the horrible massacres which have occu)-red during the
past year on the routes leading through Utah Territory
have been planned and directed, if not actually executed,
by our own citizens. Sail, though the officers of the Army
have at all tfmes shown the most commendable vigilance
and piomptnes!?, the facilities for escape are so gieat that
condign punishment seldom overtakes the guilty perpetra-
tors."
Wc have as the Secretary suggests a large de-
tachment of our Army, and have had for some
time past, within the Territory of Utah. The
opinion of the Secretary seems to be that notwith-
standing the presence of the military force, crimes
of the heinous character pointed out in his report
still go unwhipped of justice in that Territory,
and that not merely the laws of our country, but
the Jaws of common humanity are set at defiance.
Nor, sir, is it to the Territory of Utah alone,
that I would call attention, to show what degree
of lawlessness prevails under our own Govern-
ment. To show how we keep the faith of treaties,
how wo protect those whom this Government is
bound to protect and whom it recognizes its obli-
gation to protect, I must be indulged in reading
another passage from the annual report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicated to us by
the President with his message. On the 9th and
10th pages of the pamphlet edition of that report
I find this:
" It gives mc great pain to refer to the treatment which
the Texas Reseive Indians, and their .superintPndent and
agents, have leceived. Several years sincc Texas tendered
to the Government certain tracts ot land for the occupancy
of the Indians ; the Government accepted the lands, and
pioeeeded to gathei upon them as many Indians as could
be induced to abandon their roving life, and settle down to
agricultural puts-uiN, The lepoir* of their progress were
most tavorablo, and the pioductious of the reservations
promised, at an early day, to be moie than sufficient for
their comfortable t-ubsistcnce. In the midst of this pros-
perity, so gratifying to the Department, and at the very hour
when it was behoved that the reservation system would
prove eminently successful, a most determined and unrea-
sonable hostility to these Indians and their agents exhibited
itself among a portion of the settlers who had come in and
loeated in that section of the State. The removal of the
Indians was demanded under a threat of extermination.
They were foiled for a time by the tact and good manage-
ment of the. late superintendent, aided by the'prescnce of a
detachment of United States troops. With a desire to pre-
vent bloodshed, and at the pressing Instance of the author-
ities of the State ot Texas, the Department consented to
issue an order tor the breaking up of the reservations, to he
carried into effect as soon as the then growing crop could
be hai vested. This conccssion, instead of satisfying these
Texans, only stimulated them to further outrages, and they
peremptorily demanded the immediate removal of the In-
dians. When it became apparent that the Reserve Indians
ftved in daily fear of being murdered, and that under such
circumstances no crop could be tailed, permission was
given, at the urgent request of the superintendent, for the
immediate removal of the Indians. Threats were then made
that the Indians should not poimittcd to icmovc, and it
became ncccssaiy to invoke the aid of the Army to protect
them in their exodus. Their removal was finally efleetcd 5
and they arc now, to the number of one thousand four hun-
dred and fifteen, colonized m the eountiy leased for the
purpose trorn the Choctaws and Chickasaws. On the return
of the supeiintendcnt to the i^tate of Texas, he was wan-
tonly attacked and murdered.
u These Jndians are now in a comparative!} destitute
condition, and to maintain them dminy the current year
will require an enlarged appropriation.
Such is the manner in winch our Government,
according to the report of our own officers, is car-
rying out and discharging its duties to the. poor,
dependent people within our own limits—the na-
tive Indians of this country. This, I have no
doubt, is a correct and faithful picture of the trans-
actions respecting those Indians within the State
of Texas during the past year. I honor the Sec-
retary for the manly manner in which he has
brought it to the attention of Congress and the
eountiy; but it wpeaks lamentably af to the fidel-
ity with which our Government performs its own
domestic duties.
Under these circumstances, when our own cit-
izens, within our own territory, are subjected to
the outrages which it is thus apparent they are
subjected to; when our own Government is thus
derelict in the performance of its high duties, it
seems to me that it is of all times the worst, the
most inopportune, for us to assent to the request
of the President, that we should place under his
authority and control an army to correct and to
reform die evils which are going on within the Re-
public of Mexico. I think it would be much more
becoming if the United States, in the first place,
should wet the example of good government at
home; should first put ourselves right before the
Republic of Mexico and the worldbefore we set
up to retorm Governments that, to say the worst
of them, perform their duties at least as well as
wc perform ours. Till then, it seems to me that
it is quite premature, exceedingly mistimed, to
attempt to correct evils abroad. Let us first cor-
rect the evils at home.
These are, by no means, all the evils which I
might enumerate that are patent to the eye of every
one here. I might, 'as 1 think, without impro-
priety, allude to the fact that, in the public papers
of the country, prices are set upon the heads of
men in most respectable positions; large rewards,
to the amount of thousands of dollars, are offered
for the heads of men, members of this body an<?
members of the other House, and for the head1*
of others, citizens of the United States, who are
notmembers of Congress. Amounts, which would
tempt the cupidity of any persons who enter into
the business of assassination, are offered for the
heads of these citizens. I know it may be said
that all this is a joke; that these are mere matters
of pleasantry; but, sir, posterity and the civilized
world abroad, who arc not well acquainted with
us, will be very apt to ask what can be the grav-
ities of this people, if such are*their gayeties?
Besides, sir, according to the notions of many
gentlemen, some even perhaps within this Cham-
ber, it is by no means certain that our Government
will last long enough to allow the President to
get his army within the territory of Mexico, even
if Congress should place an army at his disposal.
It if^said, and not in a solitary instance, but it is
iterated and reiterated, that an election of Presi-
dent of the United States by the Republican party
of a man reflecting their views and opinions, will
be good cause to dissolve the Union. Very many
say that upon the happening of that event, they
will immediately set about dissolving it, and will
dissolve it. "Well, Mr. President, that is a pretty
serious affair; and if such an election should be
made, and if this threat or menace should be car-
ried out, there will be an end of our Government
before a year.
Under such circumstances, is it wise, is it judi-
cious, to place an army under the control of the
President, to be used at his discretion, to reform
the evils which are now suffered by our citizens
in a foreign country ? Ought there not to be a
reasonable probability that our own Government
would last long enough to raise the army, and
have these evils reformed ? It seems to me that
this is the worst of all times for the President to
make such a recommendation, or for us to act
favoiably upon it, if wc are on the verge of disso-
lution. I do not, by any means, mean to say that
I believe our Government is going to be dissolved
and the Union disrupted within a year. I do not
believe it will; but it is stated by men of such high
position and character and influence, that I think
it might be wise to wait at least a year, and see
if the exigency really does happen. It is only a
year. JNext November will oe the time of the
election. I do not say that a Republican Presi-
dent will bo elected; I knovvnothing of the future;
I am quite unable to sec into the futuijp; but I look
011 it as among the possibilities; and if it should
happen, and if our Government should be broken
up into fragments, we should exhibit a very sorry
spectacle before the world in having an army in
Mexico reforming the evils of that republic, and
our own broken up at home. I repeat, sir, I
think we had better wait and see whether our
Government—the Union of these States—has a
year of life in it, before we undertake to leform
th«; evils which 110 doubt now exist in the Repub-
lic of Mexico.
These are a portion of the reasons why I think
we ought not to not on the recommendation of the
President, at this time, in the way in which he in-
timates; but over and above the inappropriate
time I have other and possibly stronger and bet-
ter reasons to my own mind than these, why we
ought not to assent to this request of the Presi-
dent. I am one of those who do not believe that
it is within the constitutional power of Congress
to do what the President asks. I do not believe
that it is competentto the Congress of the United
States to authorize an army to be raised and put
that army under the control of the President, to
be used at his discretion to attack a foreign Gov-
ernment. The Congress of the United States has
power by the Constitution to declare war. There
is no question about that; I am not doubting the
power of the Congress of the United States to make
war, because it is a power expressly given to us;
but I do question the authority of the Congress
of the United States to delegate that power to any-
body else. It is a power to be exercised by us
