1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
diplomatic and consular appropriation bill now before the
Jlou-e of Representatives.
I am, Mr. your obedient servant, LEW: CASS.
Hon. John* Sherman, Chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives-.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments agreed to as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MASON. There was one amendment of-
fered while I was out of the Senate, 1 understand,
by the chairman of the Committee mi Finance,
appropriating for the salary for a minister to Para-
guay.
Mr. HUNTER. That can be offered as a
separate amendment afterwards. That was re-
jected.
Mr. MASON. Very well.
The amendments made as in Committee ofthe
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. MASON. I was not present when the
amendment was offered, and I ask the chairman
"of the Committee on Finance if the appropriation
was recommended by the Executive.
Air. HUNTER. It was recommended by the
Secretary of State. I had an interview with him.
There is no written recommendation; but I had
an interview with him on this subject, in which
he pressed it very earnestly. It was estimated
for, but the House left it out, and I went to see
the Secretary of State in regard to it.
Mr. MASON. We know from the history of
the country that the Government of the United
States, I think with great wisdom and propriety,
has been prosecuting a series of explorations m
the waters ofthe Platte river for the last four or
five years, with a view to the extension of our
commerce. We know that within the last two
or three years some American citizens, I think
from Rhode Island chiefly, who had gone into ;
Paraguay, at the invitation of the President of j
Paiaguay, and made large investments there, were ;
maltreated and driven off, and other injuries done .
to American citizens who were there; and our flag
was insulted, with the loss of life of one man,
which resulted m the expedition by which a treaty
of amity and commerce was made with the Gov-
ernment of Paraguay, and full indemnity provided
for all injuries sustained by American citizens,
and e\ery avenue opened to us, &o far as that,
which is one of the important States bordering on
the river Platte and its tributaries, is concerned.
1 have not held any official intercourse or conver-
sation with the Executive upon the subject of this
mission; I have thought it was desirable to have j
such a mission, and I think it would be unadvis- 1
able now to discourage, disafTect, or throw cold '
water on the relations that are growing up be- j
twecn the United States and that Government, by
the refusal of this minister, and the more espe- !
daily as there is now in our country a minister •
from Paraguay, who has arrived within the last ,
few days, and who brought with him a commis-
sion for the purpose of adjusting American claims
under the convention made by Commissioner |
Bowim. I move the amendment which the chair-
man of the Finance Committee before presented i
for an appropriation to that mission. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- I
ment will be read.
The Secretary road the amendment, which is, in
line fifteen, after the words Argentine Confed-
eration,' 5 to insert'' Paraguay;'' and in lines fifteen
and sixteen to strike out " $296,500," and insert
" $304,000."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is to include amin-
isUr to Paraguay?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would inquire of the
chivirman of the committee whether we have any
consul m Paraguay r
Mr. MASON. We have a consul there.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall vote against this
amendment. I think one of the evils and one of the
hardens of the day is the. multiplicity of our min-
isters abroad and the multiplicity of treaties. They
are almost overwhelming m their numbers. I do
not wish to add to the rxpense or to the number
by sending a minister, at an expense of eight or
ten thousand dollars a year, to Paraguay. We
have a consu-l there through whom, it seems to
me, we can keep up all the civilities and courtesies
that are necessary between this Republic and the ,
Republic of Paraguay, and keep on very good
terms with her. It has not seemed to me that our
quiet and good understanding with foreign coun-
tries, particularly with the small Governments of
South America, has at all corresponded with the
number of our ministers. Each and every one of
them seems to have an ambition to negotiate. He
must do something. He must come home in a
short time, and he must bring along with him
some title to the nation's attention, and tG some
degree of renown; a treaty he must have, or his
time has been misspent; and, inmakingthat treaty,
he is as apt as not to-get into one or two little
quarrels.
I think, therefore, our peace will be best pre-
served with nations of this description by consuls,
who, having no diplomatic ambition, no ambition
to raise little strifes in order that petty treaties
may follow, will be willing to act as mediators in
rcspcct to all due civilities and courtesies. I am
totally opposed to the multiplication of this class
of officers. Often, and very often, with many
honorable exceptions, these appointments may
be considered, I think, very much in the charac-
ter that Mr. Bright, of England, denominated the
multitude of their diplomatic appointments—as a
sort of out-of-door relief given there to poor no-
bility, he said; here, we may say, to unfortunate
politicians. I want to see no multiplication of
that class. I think the expenditure is a useless
one, and I hope the amendment will not be made.
Mr. HAMLlN. From the conversation which
is elicited around me, and which is not heard in
the Senate, I take it the amendment submitted by
the Senator from Virginia is not very favorably
received here. Still, sir, I have my own opinion
upon it, and I am very decidedly of the opinion
that the amendment ought to prevail. Taking
the whole range of our diplomatic relations, I do
not know but that I would concur with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and say that consuls and
consuls general might about as well perform the
various offices that now devolve upon officers of
a higher grade. I do not know that I^svould not
concur with that Senator in a radical reformation
of the whole system; but I am not quite certain
that his remarks are not as applicable to the
whole diplomatic corps abroad as to the specific
point to which he alludes—the South American
Republics.
Now, sir, I am in favorof this amendment, be-
cause I believe it will be really beneficial to the
commercial interests of this country. We have
recently negotiated a treaty with Paraguay, and,
in my judgment, a proper deportment on the part
of our Government and a kind of reciprocity m
tieatment—they have sent a minister here—will
give to us, and ought to give us, the commerce of
all the South American Republics. We are much
nearer to them than aie the European States. We
ought to command theircommerce, if we are on j
equal terms with other Powers, from proximity, \
from the difference in freight, from the difference j
in tune which it will take to communicate between i
these Republics and us, and between them and the !
European Governments. %We ought to have it, !
and I think we have lost it to a very great extent, !
unfortunately, and have not extended it for a va- ;
riety of reasons. I
I think, having received here an officer of this .
grade from theGovernmentofParaguay, we ought |
to reciprocate by sending an officer of the same •
grade of our own there. I believe that if we only ;
cultivate the relations we ought to cultivate with '
all the Republics in that region, by sending proper \
and adequate and suitable officers there, we can |
open up a very large trade with them: and the j
very small amount which is stipulated here for j
that purpose, it seems to me, promises a very |
lar^e return* These are the reasons which will j
induce me to vote for this amendment, if I vote j
alone. j
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from Ken- ,
tucky I could not hear very distinctly, because ot j
his position; but I did understand from him that ,
he thought the office of consul at this Republic, f
and many others, would suffice for the public ser- j
vice m conducting with them our diplomatic in- ;
tercourse. That honorable Senator knows very [
well that a consul has no diplomatic power; that j
he has no relations whatever to the Government ;
ofthe. country where he resides; and that itisnot ;
in the power of the United States, to vest him with (
diplomatic relations. A diplomatic officer is an !
officer known to the public law; he is not the ela-
tion of statute in any form; and it depends upon
the public law, to which all nations are patties,
whether they will or will not hold intercourse
with any particular grade of officer who is sent to
them, 'the usage of nations is such that they do
not hold official intercourse, and cannot be made
to hold it, with any but one who comes there
in a diplomatic garb. That may bo considered as
very artificial, rather unmeaning and technical,
but it is not within our reach. The Congress of
the United States cannot vest any public officer
with diplomatic functions but an officer of the
grade, of the character known to the public law.
What is our condition here with Cuba ? We have
a consul there; and we have attempted in vain to
induce the Government of Spain to allow the co-
lonial government in Cuba to hold official inter-
course with our consul. All our public intercourse
of every kind, affecting our relations to the Island
of Cuba, has to be transacted with old Spain,
through a public minister.
Now, in reference to this particular case, I
would say, with all respect to the Senate, this: it
results, of necessity, from the structure of the
Government; and it is a part of the law of the
Government—it is the law of the Constitution—
that the Presidentof the United States, whoholds
the executive power, given to him eo nomine—not
measured out or limited, for the executive power
is vested in the President—constitutes one of the
departments of the Government; and he is re-
sponsible to the American people for his manage-
ment of that department, as the Legislature is
responsible for its management of the legislative.
Jt results, therefore, that the public intercourse be-
tween this country and all other countries must
be regulated and conducted by the Executive;and
we have no power to restrain the President (un-
less by impeachment if he goes wrong, and that
not in this branch, but in the other) further than
this—a very salutary check: the Executive can- *
not hold official public intercourse with a foreign
nation, that requires money, unless we appropri-
ate it.
Now, it is in the power of Congress, of course>
if they believe as the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, I understand, believes, that this office is
needless or superfluous, to withhold the appropri-
ation, and that paralyzes the Executive arm; but I
would submit respectfully, without any regard
whatever to the politics that divide the country,
and ought always to divide the country from time
to time, that the just, thedbcorous,the patriotic ad-
ministration of the Government requires of each
of the departments to give to the other, as far as
it can exercise any restraint, a full opportunity to
manage the department intrusted to him or them,
as the case may be, under his or their own respons-
ibility. I suspect there are few Senators on this
floor who have less respect for the mere pageantry
of diplomatic intercourse than I have; but I ac-
knowledge the obligations of public law as they
govern civilized society and civilized nations in
their intercourse with each other. I say, there-
fore, with great courtesy to the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky, that a consul is not recognized
in any foreign nation as a medium of communi-
cation with the countrv from which he comes; and
that a statute of the T)nited States cannot clothc
him with that power. Hence, we must have no
public intercourse by the Government of the Uni-
ted States with the Government of Paraguay, or
we must have it through a functionary known to
the public law—the law of nations.
Then, as to the necessity of it—again I may in-
dividualize myself as a very humble member of
this body—the part of the country from which I
come has as little interest in the subject as any
other State in the Union. But the wealth of a
nation depends on her commerce. All will agree
to that. Hur products are of no value unless they
can be exchanged. I belong to a producing State.
Other gentlemen belong to the commercial States,
who make exchanges. I am one of. those who
consider it my duty, and it is my interest, in serv-
ing my constituents, by all legitimate, salutary,
and constitutional means, to open and extend
every avenue of commerce, of every character,
for the purpose of exchanging the products of this
country, We are the producers; others make the
exchanges,
As 1 have said, the Government of the United
States, for the last thiee or four years, under two
