1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
according to our discretion. "When, in our judg-
ment, the exigencies of the case require it, Con-
gress has the power and ought to declare war
against one nation or all the nations of the earth.
But, sir, have we any power to give the Presi-
dent of the United States this authority, which is
given to us? I deny it. I am not going to argue
the question at any length. I am merely going
to state it and state my opinion on it, and that
opinion is very firm. It may be mistaken; but
it is very welLestablished in my own mind that
the discretion*nd power which is given to us by
the Constitution cannot by us be transferred to
another department of this Government, or to any
individual to be exercised by that department, or
by that individual—certainly not any such high
power as that of declaring war.
The President seems to anticipate some objec-
tion to his request, for he quotes in his message
the authority given him by the last Congress m
regard to the expedition to Paraguay as being an
illustration of the principle which he calls upon
us now again to exercise towards the Republic of
Mexico. Well, sir, in regard to the Paraguay
expedition, I confess that I have very serious
doubts about the correctness, the legality, the con-
stitutionality of the vote passed by Congress on
that subject two years ago. I believe I voted for
it, but I did so with great hesitation; and the more
I have examined the question the more I have
been satisfied that, at all events, it was the exer-
cise of a very doubtful power; and I should not
again, unless under very extraordinary circum-
stances, vote in the same way. No doubt it might
make our Government a much more efficient one
if the Executive had the war-making power en-
tirely in his own hands. He could act promptly;
Congress slowly—sometimes very slowly. The
men who made our Constitution were, however,
not unmindful of this, and they gave the power
of making war to Congress, not to the President.
Aside, however, from this principle of the want
of constitutional power in Congress to grant the
request of the President, it is, in my opinion, en-
tirely in violation of perfectly well-settled princi-
ples of international law. Wo have no right to
interfere with the domestic concerns of the Repub-
lic of Mexico, or of any other State or nation.
Such has been our avowed policy heretofore.
Such, I think, is the well-settled rule among na-
tions; and such, I think, ought to be our con-
tinued practice. s< Mind your own business," is
a rule vastly useful among individuals. It is no
less useful, no less salutary, as between nations.
The violations of that precept make most of the
difficulties in ordinary life. The violation of that
precept between nations makes most of the diffi-
culties which arise between them. This principle
I find very clearly stated in a recent discourse of
a very distinguished and learned divine in my own
State, the Rev. Dr. Bacon, of New Haven; and
when I state that it was laid down by him in order
to show that the late foray of John Brown into
the State of Viiginia, was m violation of this
principle, and, on that account, among others, to
be condemned, I trust that the principle will not
be considered any less worthy of respect on either
side of the Chamber.
" The first great principle of the moral code which regu-
lates the intercourse ofnations—the principle which guards
the peace of the world, and without which there is no
security for freedom anywhere—is that which forbids the
intervention of any one sovereignty with the internal legis-
lation or administration of another, save bythe moral power
of opinion and remonstrance. Whatever may be the right
of a people to ca.st down by insurrection a government
which they have found intolerable, and to establish another
in its stead—whatever may be their duty in regard to the
injustice incoiporatcd with their laws and with the struc-
ture of their government—it is none the less their right and
none the less their duty to defend themselves, their soil, their
laws, and their sovereignty as a Commonwealth, against an
armed and military invasion from whatever quarter."
These principles I deem among the everlasting
principles of justice between nations, and these
principles will be violated directly by placing an
army, or any portion of our Army, under the direc-
tion of the President, with authority to march
that army into the Republic of Mexico to obtain,
as he says, "indemnity for the past and security
for the future." It is to make war—that is what
it is; and the power to make war is in us, and we
cannot transfer that power to the President. But it
is utterly in violation of the principles which ought
to govern nations, even if there were no objection
to the mode, because, as I have suggested, it is
a clear interference by one nation with the inter-
nal concerns and domestic affairs of another. Let
each nation take care of itself, and not meddle
with its neighbors. It is suggested, I know, that
if we do not interfere in the affairs of Mexico
some other nations will. "Well, that was the ex-
cuse of the robber who took a man's purse because
if he did not take it somebody else would, and it
was asgooda justification to the robberas it would
be to us.
Besides, sir, how do we know that any,other
nation will interfere with Mexico ? It will be
time enough to meet that exigency when it arises.
X am by no means disposed, m claiming that we
should not interfere with Mexico, to assent to the
proposition that we should stand by and let an-
other nation in terfero. My doctrine forbids such
an act altogether. "What course it would be in-
cumbent on this nation to take under such cir-
cumstances, it will be time enough to settle, when
those circumstances arise. Enough, as it seems
to me, is it now, that we say that we will notmed-
dle with what clearly does not concern us. We
have no right to reform the Government of Mex-
ico, however much it may need reformation.
What we should do with Mexico if we had
possession of the whole country, or a portion of
the country, might be a very puzzling question.
The country contains some eight million, more
or less, of inhabitants—considered ethnologicallv,
I what proportion of the whole number have rights
which we should be bound to respect, according
to the Democratic standard of human rights? No
doubt there arc many persons of education, high
culture,♦well endowed intellectually and morally;
but as to the great mass of the population, it can
be no slander to say that they are wholly unfitted
for self-government. They have been demon-
strating that fact more and more clearly every
year for many years, and the demonstration now
seems perfect. If they cannot maintain free in-
stitutions, how arc they to be governed? It is
idle and worse than idle to extend over them our
free Constitution.
There are many other suggestions which I
should like to make on this subject, but after the
intimation of the Senator from Louisiana, as to
an executive session, I will not tax the Senate
longer at the present time. There are othCr(topics
in this message on which I should like to com-
ment; one, particularly, is the Amistad claim,
which the President again recommends for our
consideration, and thinks ought to be paid. I am
so unfortunate as to differ ffom him very widely
on that subject. I think the presentation of the
Amistad claim by the Spanish Government, if it
is presented by that Government to us to be paid,
is a disgrace to that Government, and that it is
an insult to ours. That is the way 1 view it; but
I am not going info that question now. It will
be time enough when it comes up for legislative
action to occupy time, and I waive it at the pres-
ent.
I think, then, Mr. President, as I suggested in
the outset, that this is not the time when wo should
undertake to reform the evils and abuses of a for-
eign Government. We are suffering under like
evils, and arc guilty of like abuses at home, and
until we have first reformed them, we shall cut but
a sorry figure in attempting reforms abroad. In
the next place, the mode pointed out is obnoxious
alike to constitutional objections and to well-set-
tled principles of international law. And besides,
sir, as I think, the possession of Mexico would
be to us like the apples of Sodom, fair indeed to
the eye, but really dust and ashes.
- EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 4, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The Clerk stated the business first in order to
be the admissibility of the resolution proposed by
I the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Wins-
| low] on the 22d ultimo.
Mr REAGAN obtained the floor.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Willthegen-
tleman give way for a moment? I propose, if there
is no objection, to move for a call of the House9
preparatory to a vote for Speaker. I now merely
wish to call the attention of the House to a letter
which I hold in my hand from a mail contractor
in my district, in regard to the mail service. I
propose to read it, in order to .show the House
the condition of things in that part of the country
which J|*have the honor to represent. The letter
is as follows:
Rockford, Illinois, December 30,1859.
Dear Sir : You cannot imagine the state of things here
owing to our mail contractors not receiving their pay for
the last six months. All the hack, buggy, and horseback^
routes will be thrown up very soon, unless something is
done in the way of appropriations. The contractors do not
threaten this out of revenge, but because they will be com-
pelled to do so. Everybody must see that, despite of any
effort to avoid it. This has thrown the whole community
into excitement, especially those who are dependent on
these routes. I have the contractfrom Rockford to Oregon,
and cannot get gram or hay for my horses without the cash.
**********
Respectfully yours, J. JOHN.
Hon E. B. Washburne.
Now, sir, this is the position in which things are
in my section of the country; and I wish to say to
this contractor, and to other contractors similarly
situated, that I do not consider myself responsible
for the condition in which they arc placed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire simply to say, in
reply to the remarks ofthegentleman from Illinois,
that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
the other day proposed a plan by which this
House might be temporarily organized, in order
that the Post Office appropriation might be passed;
but it received no favor from the gentleman and
his friends.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man is mistaken. But, sir,I was goingon to say
that I wash my hands of all responsibility. I
have sat here for'four or five weeks. I have made
no speeches; there have been no speeches made
on this side of the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
man from Illinois if he will agree now to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Alabama to organ-
ize the House temporarily for the purpose of
passing the Post Office appropriation bill ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When the
gentleman from Alabama made that proposition
to the House, his resolution was in blank. I
proposed that if he would fill that blank with the
name of John Sherman, then I would not object
to his resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. That shows the sincerity of
the gcntlem'an from Illinois. He proposed that,
because, sir, he knew that I would not accept it;
that I would treat it only with scorn and contempt,
as it deserved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not
accept the insertion of the name of John Sher-
man, "of Ohio?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman did not in-
tend it to be accepted; he intended to defeat my res-
olution; and, sir, now for him to profess sympathy
with the mail contractors, is simply adding msult
to injury.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will make the remarks I designed in taking
the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One moment.
The gentleman from Alabama proposed in his
resolution to electa temporary Speaker; lie left
the name in blank, and why, I ask, could he not
accept the name of Mr. Sherman?
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask in return, why the
gentleman could not accept the name of Mr. Bo-
cock, or of General Millson, or of Mr. May-
nard ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have the
larger number of Representatives upon this floor,
and are, of course, entitled to the organization.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why not accept either of
the gentlemen I have named? I stated to the gen-
tleman's friends, and probably to the gentleman
himself, if they would agree to let the resolution
in, in blank as it was, that I would fill the blank
with the name of some member whose name had
not been connected with the contest for the Speak-
ership. That, sir, is what I proposed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man could not have any fair objection to Mr.
Sherman.
