S28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
Mr. HOUSTON. I proposed some gentleman
whose name has not been spoken of for Speaker,
in order to effect a temporary organization. To
that there could be no objection. There would
be ho jealousies, and that action would not place
any obstacle in the way of those gentlemen who
desire to be Speaker. That was my disposition,
and that, sir, was what I proposed. I sincerely
wanted to organize this House for a time suffi-
ciently long to enable.us to pass a bill appropriat-
ing money to meet the liabilities the Gowrnment
is under to mail contractors. I wanted to do that
in good faith. I did not want to give advantage
to any side of the House. I did not want to take
advantage of any man who has been spoken of
for the Speakership. I would not have proposed
the name of any man who aspired to that office
at all; but, on the contrary,! would have pro-
posed some gentleman who had not been spoken
of in Connection with the Speakership, and who
would not further allow his name to be used. My
purpose was to leave the track clear to the gen-
tlemen who arc contesting for that position. My
purpose was to organize the House temporarily,
in order that we might reach the desirable end of
paying those who have carried our mails; that we
might do that, and then come back to our present
condition, without any advantage having been
given to the candidate of one side or the other.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Letmeask
one question.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman must excuse
me.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
hear the resolution. I wish simply to ask a question
for information. Did the resolution of the gentle-
man from Alabama also propose to elect a Clerk>
Mr. HOUSTON. It did not; and it was not
necessary that it should, for the Clerk of the last
House acts till his successor is elected My reso-
lution proposed to complicate jtself as little as
possible with the elections pending before the
House. It merely proposed the simplest organi-
zation that could be had for the purpose of making
an appropriation to pay the honest debts of the
country, those debts in reference to which the
gentleman from Illinois has read a letter from one
of the mail contractors.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And yet the
gentleman refuses to permit the blank to be filled.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman, in my judg-
ment, really does not want to pay these mnil con-
tractors; but, 011 the contrary, desires to keep the
matter as an outside pressure upon this House.
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. One single
word.
Mr. REAGAN. I must decline to yieldfurther.
I want to proceed with my remarks.
Mr. STEVENS,of Pennsylvania. I only want
to say a single woul, and that is, that the gentle-
man from Alabama must know that by the act of
Congress 110 bill can be presented, no resalution
can be offered, until a Clerk and a Speaker are
elected.
Mr. HOUSTON. One word in reply. The
gentleman cannot escape ill that sort of way. If
that had been the gentleman's objection, or the
objection of gentlemen upon the other side, it would
have been very easy to have added to the resolu-
tion that the present Clerk should remain as Clerk
until a Post Office appropriation bill eould have
been passed into a law. No, sir, it is a meie
subterfuge, and no manly escape from the conse-
quences of objection to my resolution. That reso-
lution was presented to this House in good faith,
and was intended to accomplish a great good to
the mail contractors and the mail carriers of the
country. In my opinion'it was objected toby
the other side for party purposes.
Mr. EDGERTON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me 
Mr. REAGAN. I cannot yield further.
Mr. EDGERTON. I only wish to make a
suggestion, in reference to the organization of this
House.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Clerk, I have no set
speech. I do not wish to occupy one moment of
the time of this House, which will operate to
delay its organization. What I have to say is
mainly addressed to the gentlemen with whom I
have been acting in one form or other for the four
weeks or more in which we have been engaged
in a fruitless effort to organize this House and
proceed with the regular business of legislation.
What spectacle, sir, is here presented to the
country, and what the responsibility which rests
upon those who by their action have failed to se-
cure an organization of this House?—a collection
of gentlemen selected for their patriotism and for
their capacity to conduct public business, and
charged with the duty of so acting as to secure
the promotion of the great interests of the coun-
try. A state of things was presented upon the
meeting of the House of Representatives readily
understood by all here and by the country. No
single party is able to organize the House. The
Republicans present a plurality, but not a major-
ity; but the doctrines of that party are such that
the members of other parties upon this floor can-
not, consistently with their views of public duty,
affiliate with them and aid them in electing a
Speaker.
Now, sir, are their doctrines sufficiently objec-
tionable to warrant all other political parties here
in resisting their efforts to organize the House ? It
is presumed, at least, that the members here think
they are. The conviction exists upon the minds
of many, and I participate in that conviction, that
the doctrines of the Republican party—and I speak
it with all respect to the individual members of
that party—arc revolutionary in their character,
destructive of the foundations of the Republic,
calculated to engender and to promote sectional
hostilities, and, even by the general result of their
actions, seemingly intended, not only to promote,
sectional hostilities, but to subvert the Constitu-
tion itself. I need not call attention to the evi-
dence of those things which have been so often
referred to in this House. The fact that apolitical
party should exist, in a country like ours, which
addresses itself purely to sectional interests and
sectional motives; which invokes, by the appeals
made in peculiar localities of the country where sla-
very does not prevail, the worst passions, founded
upon misrepresentation and aggression upon the
rights of the southern portion of this Union; a party
that is aided in its aggressions by denunciations
against the South from the pulpit; appeals by the
most reckless fanatics that have' ever disgraced
humanity; appeals repudiating and treating with
scorn the Constitution of the United States, desig-
nating it as a league with hell and a covenant with
death——
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if tliei e is a single political party in this coun-
try that speaks of the Constitution as a league
with licll and a covenant with death ? *
Mr. REAGAN. I have said that the party to
which the gentleman belongs is sustained, fostered,
upheld, and its claims to public confidence at-
tempted to be promoted by gentlemen who do
declare that the Constitution is a league with hell
and a covenant with death.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman cannot give
the name of any man in the United States who
speaks favorably of the Republican party, and
who ever uttered such a sentiment.
Mr. REAGAN. Perhaps I cannot say that
those extreme fanatics to whom I have referred
profess allegiance to the Republican party. I say
this: that I hey engage in a general crusade against
the institution of slavery which exists in this
country, which crusade it is the purpose of that
organization to carry into effective operation; and
though they may not be recognized as in full mem-
bership with the Republican party, they sustain
the doctrines of that party as far as it will go in
its crusade against the lnstitution'of slavery. The
general tenor and tendency of their doctrines is to
promote, that party, and to foster, as I have said,
a sectional jealousy, a sectional prejudice, and sec-
tional action, intended to operate against the con-
stitutional rights of a portion of the people of this
Union; and the gentleman will hardly be able to
escape from the association of those persons by
saying they are recognizcd rather as extreme Abo-
litionists and fanatics than as members of the Re-
publican party. I can give him a single evidence
which shows that he would not be borne out in
his effort so to escape, by directing him to the
Helper book—a hook to which too much conse-
quence, in reference to its own merits, has been
given. That- book is indorsed, and its doctrines
enunciated, by the men of whom I speak; fanatics,
who repudiate the Constitution, who repudiate
the sacred Scriptures wherever they think they
give sanction to the institution of slavery. The
evidence of the position of the gentleman's party
is, that sixty-odd members of the last Congress
upon that side of the House—and perhaps the gen-
tleman from Ohio may himself be one of them—
indorsed and recommend^ the circulation of a
book as incendiary, as vile, as calumnious, as
slanderous of the people of our portion of the
Union, as anything that overcame from Garrison,
or Wendell Phillips, or the vilest agitator in the
Union. They have recommended the circulation
of that book as a political campaign document,
intended—and in saying this I impute no motives,
but judge men by their actions—to keep up this
sectional agitation and excitement. If, then, that
party indorse such sentiments, they will not be
able to escape under the suggestion that a portion
of those who urge on this aggressive movement,
call themselves Republicans, while another por-
tion of them glory 111 the title of Abolitionists.
As I have mentioned that too much conse-
quence has been given to the book to which I have
referred, I will, though I had*not intended to do
so, mention the point of view in which I think
too much consequence has been given to it. The
book itself has bfcen treated as being calculated to
stir up insurrection, rebellion, servile and civil
war. Now such a book, or any other book,
which can be written by the ingenuity of mail—
and* certainly there are men capable of writing
books of more ability—cannot affect the social
or political condition of the people of the south-
ern States. The assumption that it can, is a sad
mistake upon the part of our friends, and shows
a misapprehension of the condition of public opin-
ion among the people of the southern States by
those who suppose so. But character and conse-
quence have been given to that book by the fact
that it stands indorsed and recommended by
sixty-odd gentlemen honored by scats upon this
floor—gentlemen who must have been selected for
their intelligence and their capacity to reflect,
through legislation in Congress, the opinions of
the community from which they respectively
come. This is what gives that book its signifi-
cance, inasmuch as it constitutes evidence of the
disposition of those who would circulate such a
document, to violate the equality of the States, to
violate the rights of citizens, and to disregard the
common obligations of patriotism and duty which
rest upon every citizen of this happy land of ours.
It is only so far as it tends to develop the settled
purpose of that party to disregard the obligations
of the Constitution, the rights of the States, the
equality of the people, and the rights of the people,
that it becomes a dangerous publication. It is
not dangerous because of its power to produce
insurrection and civil war in the South.
I have regretted to hear our friends talk of this
book, and of the Harper's Ferry foray, as en-
dangering the domestic peace of the people of the
South; as promoting civil and servile war; as en-
dangering life and property; as endangering the
mothers, wives, daughters, old men, and children
of the South. I trust our friends will not say that
again; and I hope our political enemies will not
suppose that there is anything in that. Rather let
us consider it as another evidence of their determ-
ination to affect the constitutional rights of the
States of the Union; to affect the durability and
perpetuity of the Union through this instrument-
ality, or any other which call be brought to bear
by this party, than as calculated to produce servile
war ill the South, and destruction to life, person,
and property. I have endeavored somewhat to
understand the social condition of the South, and
I have endeavored to understand the relation of
master and slave. The very foray, to which ref-
erence has been made, of Brown upon the village
of Harper's Ferry, carries with it evidence which
would find confirmation at the South everywhere,
that the relation of master and slave is such that
appeals like (hose in the Helper book 'are rain.
The negroes love their masters in the mam. They
come as near all loving their masters as do men in
other employments to loving their employers.
And to-day, I venture the assertion, if such a
| thing be possible as a war between the North and
1 the South, and an appeal were made to the ne-
groes to rise against their masters in the South,
that four fifths of them would take up arms for
their masters and 111 defense of their homes.
And gentlemen who suppose thev would not do
so, do not understand then- condition and the re-
lations between them and their masters. I know it
has been supposed—I have seen it in newspapers,
