3236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
will be sufficient to draw the attention of the Sen-
ate to the question.
Mr. WILSON. I wish the Senator to explain
how this increase is made. I do not understand it.
Mr. YULEE. I wilt do so. The Butterfield
service costs $600,000 a year, and is continued.
The Placervillc service is proposed by the Senator
to be made a daily mail, at a cost of $800,000. It
is to be $600,000 the first year for a tri-weekly
service, and $800,000 the next year for a daily
service. Then he gives §250,000 to the Giddings
line from San Antonio to El Paso, and $200,000
for the northern route. These items together
make $1,950,000, the cost of transferring the mail
from one side of the continent to the other.
Now,let us see what else the Senator's amend-
ment proposes. It proposes, by legislative enact-
ments, to designate the persons who shall have
these contracts; and,although they ate at present
contractors, then* routes for service expire within
the next year, and it proposes to extend the con-
tracts to them to 1864, thus granting legislative
contracts for four years upon these routes, speci-
fying the amount, and disabling the Department
from making any changes which circumstances
may require hereafter. But it does more. It
proposes, as a giatuity to one of the contractors,
to put double service upon his line. We have a
service now running to El Paso. It proposes that
you shall put on another route, and allow $250,000,
to extend to El Paso, running some three or four
hundred miles over the same route with the But-
terfield coaches; and you give for that service
$250,000, without reducing the service at all on
the existing EI Paso route, carrying, m fact,
nothing; but letters; because, beyond El Paso, the
Butterfield contractors are not obliged to take any-
thing else; and when 1 tell Senators upon the au-
thority of a proposition made to mo by responsi-
ble overland contractors, that the same service, and
one hundred and forty miles further—to wit: from
Columbus, the termination of railroad connection
with Galveston—the mail can be carried to El Paso
for $100,000, saving to us some twenty-four thou-
sand dollars now paid, and savin? $53,000 more
now paid to the present contractors whose service
it is nere proposed to increase to $250,000. Thus
more service may be obtained from responsible
men for a very little more than the present cost
of what is done now upon the same routes, when
you propose to raise it to $250,000.
What then? When you have done nil this,
when you have put the country to the expense of
£1,950,000 a year, you have done what leaves you
just where you are now, and how is that* You
are provided already with a twice-a-wcek service
for all letter matter for which you pay $600,000 a
year. That route is obliged to take all your letter
matter, every bit of your letter mail that you put
upon it, and there remains nothing to be provided
for but your printed matter; and now you pio-
pose to establish two or three more routes upon
the pretense of taking your printed matter, when
I am about to demonstrate that it is a physical
impossibility for that matter to go overland upon
any of these routes; and the only effect of your
legislation will be, either to put upon the Depart-
ment the necessity of paying some two million
more to get this matter overland—for you have
prohibited vhem from taking it by water—or to
leave your mails here on this side. In orderthat
there may be no mistake on this point, I have ob-
tained from the Department official data as to the
weight of the mails; and I think, probably, that
Senators who have not taken occasion to investi-
gate the matter have very little idea of the weight
of these mails. I am sure that none of those gen-
tlemen who are pursuing with such eagerness the
idea of an overland mail now in the present con-
dition of these routes, can have had any idea of
the weight of matter which they will be lequircd
to carry over. Here is a statement of the weight
of the mails carried by the isthmus steamers from
January last down to the month of April. I will
give you the specifications of the two or three last
trips, that you may know what it is we have to
deal with. On the trip leaving April 20, they
carried from New York three hundred and thirty-
one bags, and nine boxes, and from New Orleans
twelve bags, weighing twenty-eight thousand two
hundred and twenty-eight pounds. On the pre-
vious trip, tfiey carried three hundred arid sixty-
five mail bags and four boxes from New York,
and eleven bags from New Orleans, weighing
thirty thousand one hundred and sixty-nine
pounds. On the preceding trip, they carried three
hundred and thirty-four bags and two boxes from
New York, and eleven bags from New Orleans,
weighing twenty-eight thousand two hundred and
thirty-five pounds; and so on. This is extra of the
matter carried overland on the Placervillc i*oute
now, and on the twice-a-wcek Butterfield route,
making a weight of mail amounting to a ton a
day on the average nearly. How many teams
do you suppose it will require to do that cross-
ing the mountains and the wilderness, blocked up
by snow two or three months in the year? They
would require to start two teams of four or six
mules daily to enable them to carry it, and they
would require not less than four thousand horses,
besides numerous stations and couches. They
must, besides that, make carriages suited to the
tiansportation of this matter; for it is not simply
the weight, but the bulk. They would be re-
quired, with the tri-woekly service, even suppos-
ing there is no increase in the amount of mail
matter, to carry fifty large, well filled mail bags,
more than twenty-five of which could not possi-
bly be got into any wagon that could be con-
structed for the purpose. That is what they have
to do.
Mr. President, this is a postal question. It is
a great burden upon the Government, and yet it
is a great duty of the Government to establish
the best postal intercourse it can between the two
sections of the country, within reasonable limits
and within the means of the Government. The
principle upon which I have acted, and the prin-
ciple on which I should advise action on this sub-
ject is, in this, as in all other cases, to leave the
Department free to do the best with its means; to
give as frequent a service and as good service as
possible, and by the best routes, according to its
judgment, and in the most economical manner
that it can. Now, the whole scope of the amend-
ment I propose is to leave the Department free.
I say let them establish an overland service, as
much of it as is necessary; but they have been
restricted by the legislation of last week from the
use of the ocean service, operating twofold to the
damage of the Government; because, by disabling
them from the use of the ocean service, you re-
move competition, and enable the overland pro-
posers to claim fiom the Government whatever
they please; and you put the Government at their
meicy, while its true policy is to open as many
routes as possible, both water ;ind overland, for
the purpose of maintaining a wholesome compe-
tition, and thus securing to the Government the
cheapest possible service.
The amendment which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes seeks to escape the weight of
the mads; and, while itestablishes this enormous
and expensive service under the pretense of car-
rying these mails, seeks to escape that service by
throwing them out of the post office track into the
hands of the expresses. The last section of the
amendment proposed by the Senator, which would
escape attention unless the notice of the Senate
was drawn to it, proposes to lequire them only to
convey the printed matter twice monthly, with a
schedule of thirty days. That has two horns to
it, both of them against the Government. One
iSj by the long schedule of thirty days, to drive
the printed matter out of the mails into the ex-
press companies, exposing the people of Cali-
fornia to the enormous cost of express service
and depriving the Government of the revenues de-
rived from that postage; and, on the other hand,
making it an absolute impossibility, and without
remedy against the contractors, for them to carry
this matter. They are to be made to carry the
entire mails twice monthly for printed matter:
that is to say, they are to carry fifteen tons each
trip. They are only required to start semi-
monthly with the printed matter; and we see, by
the table which I have presented of the actual
weight of the mails, as weighed by the agent of
the Post Office Department at Panama, that the
accumulation during two weeks is thirty thousand
pounds; and they must provide for fifteen tons of
mail matter at a time. Suppose they are inter-
rupted in the mountains by snow: imagine the
mass of printed matter which is to accumulate
there—a mountain which, in the course of a couple
of months, may be sixty tons in weight, and a
bulk unimaginable almost. Will it ever melt
down? Will that mountain ever be removed?
Are there conveyances tQ be found in the country
ever to reduce that mountain of matter ? Do you
suppose it would ever reach its destination ? I can
tell you what would become of your printed mut-
ter—what 1 know has become already of a good
deal of public documents and other mail bags on
the frontier of the country. It will be used for
camp-fires; and that will be the end of such of
your printed mail matter as it is attempted to get
across overland on this continent.
Sir, gentlemen are mistaken if they suppose, as
I infer they do suppose, from their reference to
the possible abolition of the franking privilege,
that the franked matter amounts to any very large
proportion of the printed matter which goes across.
I have the means of showing, by the elements
which compose one of the mails that crossed re-
cently, what the proportion of the different kinds
of matter is. The cargo of mail matter, for they
arc cargoes, which left New York on the 20th
of March, contained thirty-two'bags of letters,
weighing twelve hundred and forty-five pounds;
two hundred and seventy-seven bags of papers,
weighing twenty-three thousand and eighty-three
pounds; sixteen bags of public documents, weigh-
ing seventeen hundred and forty-eight pounds;
two boxes of stamped envelopes, twenty-seven
pounds. Now, out of three hundred and twenty-
seven packages of mail matter, there were only
sixteen bags of public documents. The weight of
that mail amounted to about twenty-seven thou-
sand pounds, being about fourteen tons; there
being, out of three hundred and twenty-seven
packages, only sixteen of public documents. I
had a table which I thought would communicate
useful information for the purpose of showing
what is the nature of these bags of printed mat-
ter; but it seems to have been mislaid. It was
to show the interest* which the people, the hard
working, the laboring people in California, will feel
in the decision which you give to this question.
Recollect that the number of newspapers which
passes from the Atlantic to California only, is more
than three and a half million. Now, what are
these newspapers? To be sure there are a good
many of the Herald and Tribune and other daily
papers that go there; but those go mostly by ex-
press. These papers are the papers that gofiom
home; that carry home intelligence. They are tho
equivalents of letters to the miners and to the la-
beling men. They are the village newspapers that
go to men who do not write letters, but who
receive from their village newspapers the intelli-
gence of home matters, which is desirable to them
and which is dear to them. Now you propose,
by means which the last section of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts designs,
to throw all this out of your mail, and to estab-
lish, under the pretense of carrying this mail, a
route at a cost of $800,000 a year, which is really
only to pay so much to the contractor to do noth-
ing; because, by giving a schedule of thirty days,
you throw the greatest part of the printed matter
into the hands of the expresses; and these poor
laborers, instead of paying the lower postage
which you are enabled, by connectingit with your
service, to afford them, must pay the express rates,
whatever they may be, and high as they may be.
But, Mr. President, the whole point of the mat-
ter is this: the Department has full power to
establish whatever overland service is necessary;
the Department cannot use the ocean service be-
cause of a very curiously devised provision in
the appropriation bill recently passed, that dis-
ables it from using the ocean service except for
the cost of the postage, when we know that the
postage upon letters constitutes but a small part
of the compensation which they deserve for the
transportation of this immense matter, and that
the printed matter and free matter which go
carry no compensation to them equivalent to the
duty they have to perform. It must have been
evident, at the time it was passed, that it would
be impossible to employ that mode of service,
and the only effect of it would be to tie the hands
of the Department, and to place the Government
at the disposal and at the mercy of the overland
contractors. The purpose of the amendment pro-
posed by the Post Office Committee is to place
the whole matter open to the Department; to
limit them to a contract not exceeding two years
for the ocean service, and to limit them to a sum
not exceeding $400,000, and let them use such
overland service as may be useful; and they may
