1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sure that many of them must be most unnecessary;
and I have a deep and abiding conviction that in
many instances they do harm rather than good.
In the effort to negotiate, in the effort to do some-
thing, they get up a strife in order to make a treaty.
There is some little difficulty or other, and it is
fussed about until cause is got up for a treaty; and
wc have a treaty here, and the Senate is called on
to ratify it; and through all this grand process the
name of the negotiator is necessarily-canvassed,
nnd, as he imagines, leaves behind it a sort of some-
thing like fame. That is the ambition.
Now, my friend from Louisiana is not entirely
correct, though in the general he is. He has known
of no mission that has been discontinued. I Will
tell him one. While I was on one occasion tem-
porarily acting in the absence of the Secretary of
State, performing ad interim, his duties for a week
or two, there arrived here an old friend of mine,
one whom I valued a great deal, too, and he told
me had been abroad. He was sent out as minis-
ter to some little Repubhcin the mountains ofSouth
America, Bolivia, or Ecuador, or some other He
gave me an account of his travels and of the coun-
try. He had traversed the Andes and sealed the
Cordilleras, &c., and at last he reached the spot
where he was told he should find a Government,
and that very Government to which lie had been
sent. Ho got there. He said that, upon inquiry,
he was told that the Government had left there a
few days, or perhaps a few weeks before, and
gone somewhere else further into the mountains.
There was, however, a fragment of the late Gov-
ernment—a man hovering about there who had
been Secretary of War. He approaching nearer
the character of the Government than anything
else he saw or heard of, he addressed himself to
that Secretary of War. He had had a very dis-
agreeable travel through the mountains to get
there, and was in a bad humor to find himself with
no Government there. He fell foul of this Secre-
tary of War with his diplomatic correspondence.
He was not very well versed in diplomatics, and
I suppose his letter was not very courteous. He
received a reply in consonance with the letter,
which he immediately followed by a peremptory
challenge to fight a duel. [Laughter.] He thought
that belonged to the department to which he was
addressing himself, and ho challenged him imme-
diately to mortal combat. Not being able to ob-
tain a meeting with this Secretary of War, he
abandoned the country as utterly unworthy of all
further negotiation or any treaties of peace what-
ever, and came ri^ht home; and that was the end
of his mission. [Laughter.]
There was one mission discontinued. X admit it
is very seldom the case that such things happen;
but I do not believe, to speak seriously, Mr. Pres-
ident, that these missions do us any good. Con-
suls cannot occupy or fulfill the whole diplomatic
character, I know; but they are officers of the
Government, and can be made use of for commu-
nication between other Governments and this,
and can attend to the business of the country. I
do not see that we have any diplomacy to at-
tend to with Paraguay. I believe that we shall
be as well without this mission. I would make
use of every means to prevent Paraguay consid-
ering it a discourtesy. I would have the Gov-
ernment assure her that we think the business
with her can be done by consuls—we now being
both friends—and that we think a mission unne-
cessary. That is all our object; no disrespect
whatever. We wish peace and friendship and
courtesy with her. We will endeavor to accom-
plish that without the costly machinery of a dip-
lomatic mission; and I think we can well do it.
I hope this amendment will not prevail.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say but a single word
in reference-to what fell from the Senator from
Louisiana. I am sure 1 could not have under-
stood that Senator aright, if I understood his rea-
soning to be that, because the Constitution gave j
to the President power to appoint judges of the '
Supreme Court, and all other officers of a certain
grade, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, and in the same sentence gave to the Pres-
ident power to appoint embassadors and other
ministers, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, therefore embassadors and other foreign
ministers were to be considered as holding offices
to be created by law, for the reason that the of-
fices of the judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States and other offices of the Government
were created by law. If that is the Senator's
reading of the Constitution, it is not mine.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not exactly what I
said. I said that the power which was claimed
for the Executive to establish permanent missions
abroad, without the interferenceofCongrcss, was,
as I understood, claimed under that grant of
power; and I said, if the power given to the Pres-
ident was only claimed from that clause of the
Constitution, the argument would equally apply
to judges of the Supreme Court; and therefore it
was plain the power was not there given.
Mr. MASON. If I understand it, the power
of the President to originate a foreign mission
results from that clause of the Constitution which
vests the executive power in the President. The
executive power is the only power that can hold
intercourse with foreign nations; the only power
that does hold intercourse with them; the only
organ through which this Government can be
reached by a foreign nation; it is the only organ
by]which the Ameriean people can reach a foreign
nation; and as I read the Constitution, having
devolved on the President all the executive power,
there results, not a power to create the office of
foreign minister, for that is an office created by
the public law, but it results that, if we have a
foreign minister at all, the President is to indicate
to what country that minister is to be sent.
The Constitution says that when you come to
designate the functionary, he shall not be ap-
pointed by the President without the intervention
of the Senate, but the President is to indicate the
mission. It is not in the power of the two Houses
of Congress, jointly or separately, to institute a
mission, unless the President at least concurs in
it. You may do this: you may appropriate a
sum of money for a foreign minister to a Govern-
ment with which we have no diplomatic inter-
course; but when you have done that, what have
you done? You have made, I should think, a
very inofficial, unconstitutional suggestion to the
President of what he ought to do; but you inti-
mate to him that, if he will send a minister there,
the money is supplied. All that I meant to say
was that, because the Constitution devolved upon
the President the duty of regulating our inter-
course with foreign nations, and as all correspond-
ence with foreign nations or intercourse with them
is through the Executive alone, the Executive
alone is competent, on an extended view of the
whole subject, to decide where the public interest
requires that we shall have diplomatic intercourse.
I do not mean to say he holds that power inde-
pendent of Congress; and he does not hold it in-
dependent of Congress, only because he cannot
execute it unless we make an appropriation.
Now, what is the usual course ? The usual
course is for the President to recommend that an
appropriation be made to send a minister to a par-
ticular country, and he may give his reasons for
it if he thinks proper. And then it devolves on
Congress, judging, if they choose to judge, (they
have a right to do it, anil there are occasions, I
have no doubt, when it would be an expedient
exercise of discretion,) on such information as
they can obtain, of the expediency, and, if it is
deemed inexpedient, to withhold the appropria-
tion. That is the very case here. The Execu-
tive has recommended, through the Committee of
Ways and Means,that there should be an appropri-
ation for a minister to Paraguay. There is no man
appointed,and none will be appointed, I presume,
unless the appropriation is made; but when he is
appointed, he is appointed not by virtue of any
office that the appropriation creates, but he is ap-
pointed to fill an office created by the public low,
which the President says ought to be filled, in this
instance, in Paraguay. That is my reading of the
Constitution.
I do not exactly understand what the very able
and learned Senator from Louisiana means by a
permanent mission. What is the difference be-
tween a mission that is permanent, and one that
is not permanent? A mission is permanent or
not at the discretion of the Executive, or the dis-
cretion of Congress. There is no greater perma-
nency in one place than another, unless it results
from usage that there are some countries with
which we have such constant intercourse that it
would be very unad visable to discontinue the mis-
sion. That may make it permanent; but there is
no character of that kind assigned to it, either in
the tenure of the office of the minister, in the letter
that accredits him to the foreign court, or in the
appropriation. The appropriations are made from
year to year.
Now, sir, as to what has been said by that
honorable Senator and by others, as to the unne-
cessary increase of our foreign missions, I anwiot
prepared to answer. I am uninformed; but I see
at once a difference of opinion arises. The hon-
orable Senator, who said lie was at one time in
Ecuador, drew his conclusion that it was unne-
cessary to have a minister there. He was imme-
diately replied to by the Senator from Missouri,
who had been in that region of country; who
knew the relations subsisting between this coun-
try and the people of Ecuador, and he thought
otherwise. When such doctors differ, who is to
decide? I am altogether uninformed. The early
Eractice of the Government was this, as definea
y the first statute that was passed; The first Con-
gress that assembled under the Constitution, in
making appropriations for the support of the
Government, made an appropriation, I think, of
$40,000 for the expense of foreign missions, and
did no more, leaving itentirely to the President to
determine to what countries the ministers should
be sent with the appropriation. Further than
this, they limited the amount which should be
given to each minister; that the Presidestshould
not give to any minister more than a salary of
§9,00b, and an outfit of £9,000; and I think, ac-
cording to my recollection, in subsequent years,
nothing more was done than to enlarge that ap-
propriation from time to time as the public inter-
ests were enlarged by the increase of the country
and our foreign intercourse. I have no further
interest in this matter than to discharge what
strikes me as a public duty—to establish inter-
course with Paraguay.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will only say one word,
and that is in reference to the constitutional ques-
tion. I agree perfectly with the Senator from
Virginia as he has now explained his meaning.
I understood him at first to assert that the Presi-
dent had the right to regulate this matter of for-
eign intercourse at his own discretion, and that it
would not be a fair exercise of the discretion of
Congress to refuse an appropriation, because the
President had done no more than he had a con-
stitutional right to do; that we were therefore in
some degree bound to approve his act; but I see
now that he and I agree perfectly. We have as
much right to refuse an appropriation without a
violation of faith as he has to make the appoint-
ment; and, therefore, practically the power can
only be exercised by him concurrently with Con-
gress.
As regards permanent missions, all I meant to
say was this: it has been a very common practice,
and was much more usual in the early period of
our history, and I wish it were resumed, to send
out special" ministers to foreign nations for partic-
ular purposes, and when the purpose was accom-
plished the}' camehome. If, as 1 said before, the
proposition was to make an appropriation to send
out a special minister to Paraguay, with a view to
a particular service, I would not object to the ap-
propriation; but this name is at once thrust into
ihe long list of permanent appropriations. I call
them permanent, not because an annual renewal of
the appropriation is not necessary, but permanent
practically, that is, established missions abroad,
which require an actual refusal of appropriation
by Congress to enable us to discontinue them: and,
indeed, a refusal of appropriation would hardly
suffice, because these appropriations are made en
masse, and the President would find means, under
those circumstances, to pay a foreign minister. If
we once had the appropriation increased to the sum
necessary to include Paraguay, unless there was
some exclusion in the language of the act, it would
be permanent practically, established permanent-
ly, saddled as a burden on the Treasury. That
is what I mean; and it is that that I am desirous
of avoiding.
As regards my friend from Missouri, who thinks
it is very important to have a minister to Ecuador,
because some twenty-five orthirty ycarsago Ecua-
dor assumed to pay $300,000 to our citizens, I
think the Senator would find, if he made a calcu-
lation, that it would be much cheaper for our Gov-
ernment to pay the §300,000 than keep up the mis-
sion. I ask what the value of the mission has
been, if twenty-five or thirty years have not suf-
ficed to secure the payment of the money, and you
