1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I have heard it in conversation, and possibly it
has been enunciated in debate here—that the in-
stitution of slavery was one' which disturbed the
harmony between the slaveholders and the non-
slaveholding people in the slave States, and might
be an element of discord there.
Now this supposition is based upon atotal mis-
understanding of the social condition of our coun-
try and of the feelings, wishes, and interests of
the people of the southern States. In the single
district which J have the honor to represent I im-
agine that there are two non-slaveholders to one
slaveholder, and perhaps a much greater propor-
tion, and yet a proposition to the non-slaveholders
there to unite in a crusade against the masters of
slaves would be received with indignation and
scorn. Theysee there that the misrepresentations
which mislead people where slavery does not ex-
ist have no foundation in truth. They see there
that masters, especially where slaves are owned
in moderate numbers, occupy a sort of patriarchal
relation to their slaves, who constitute a portion
of the master's family, are cared for in infancy,
fed and clothed during the years when they are
able to labor, and are freed from the care of pro-
viding for themselves; when sick they receive
medical attendance, and when old they are cared
for comfortably and treated kmdly until they die.
They have less care and less responsibility than
any class of people on the face of the earth who
are clothed with the protection of laws. This
would be verified to every man who should see
the condition of the negroes there; and when gen-
tlemen come to see the f^cts for themselves, and
to understand them, and cease to rely upon preju-
dice and the misrepresentations of the condition
of things there, they will be able to act more in-
telligently and to speak more intelligently of the
condition of the slaves of the South, ana of the
relative positions of the slaves and their masters,
and the feelings between the slaveholders and the
non-slaveholders.
Why, I have heard it said that the South is gov-
erned by a slave oligarchy. This argues a total
misunderstanding of the condition of the South.
I say that you may go to any southern State, and
instead of finding a slave oligarchy there, where
all the offices are held by slaveholders, and where
the social condition of a citizen is marked by his
being a slaveholder or a non-slaveholder, you will
find precisely the reverse to be the case. 1 venture
to assert that in the State of Texas a majority of the
office-holders are non-slaveholders; and 1 will say
further, that if there are twoeandidatesforan office
—one a poor man and a non-slaveholder, and the
other aman of fortune and a slaveholder—and there
is no difference in their qualifications, if left to the
slaveholders, they will vote forthe man who needs
the office as a means of living. Sir, I could pro-
duce conclusive evidence of the falsi ty of the sup-
position that there exists a prejudice between the
rich and the poor, the slaveholders and the non-
slaveholders of the South. 1 venture the asser-
tion, that, if the South were invaded by any power
for the purpose of making war, as Helper and his
indorsers recommend, between the slaves and their
masters, or the slaveholders and the non-slave-
holders, thenon-slaveholders would just as readily
respond to the call to uphold and vindicate the
sovereignty of the southern States and the rights
of the people as the slaveholders themselves.
I might go further, but it is not necessary, I
conceive, as such arguments cannot reach people
whose minds are vitiated by distorted, unnatural,
unreasonable, and untruthful statements of the
cruelty of masters to their slaves. It is not to be
denied that sometimes masters are found who
are cruel to their slaves. There may be individ-
ual acts of cruelty; but let me say to gentlemen,
that in every southern State, so far as I know—•
and I suppose it is so in all of them—the lives and
persons of slaves are-as strictly protected by law
as the lives and persons of freemen. Under the
penal code of Texas, if an assault is made upon
the body of a slave, the man who makes the as-
sault, unless he be the master of the slave, and
for the purpose of reasonable chastisement, is
liable to indictment and punishment under the
law. A man who killed a slave would be hung
for murder, just as a man who killed awhile man
would. The master who should cruelly treat his
slave, or who should refuse to feed and clothe him
as he ought to be fed and clothed, would be in-
dicted under the penal code of the State, and pun-
ished for such conduct. That is in Texas. Ianf
told by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gar-
trell,] that the' same law prevails in his State. He
tells me that men have been indicted and convicted
there for the cruel treatment of their slaves. I have
known them to be thus indicted and convicted in
my own State.
I will tell gentlemen further, that where the ques-
tion of the liberty of a negro is brought in ques-
tion in the courts—and I have had opportunities
of witnessing questions of that sort Drought be-
fore the couris m Texas—I have never known a
case—and I have known half a dozen cases—in
which the liberty of a negro was brought in ques-
tion where, if he was a free man, he has not been
so declared by the courts, and the judgment of the
court has been enforced and the liberty of the
negro asserted by the law of the land. Such, I
apprehend, is the case everywhere in the southern
States. But to hear the appeals that are made by
miserable fanatics, who desecrate the holy altars
of God by pretending to minister there, one might
be led to believe that no justicc could be done to
the negro in the South; that there was nothing but
cruelty and injustice there, calculated to sear the
heart, to harden the conscience, to stifle justice, and
destroy every feeling of humanity in the South.
Now, sir, this only shows to us who know the
truth in reference to this question, that this whole
crusade rests upon these fanatical appeals, and
upon absolute and unconditional misrepresenta-
tion. Why will not our friends who stake the
existence of this Government, who stake the lib-
erty of the people, who stake the success of the
system of self-government over these three mil-
lion square miles of territory, embracing the freest,
the happiest, and the most prosperous people on
earth; why do they, at the risk of hazarding all
tliiw, assert and reassert declarations like these,
when they are assured to the contrary by men
who are at least supposed to desire, to speak the
truth, and nothing but the truth? Why will not
they tell their constituents; why will not they tell
their deluded followeis the truth? Why, instead
of spending money for the purpose of getting up
emigrant aid societies, for the purpose of procuring
Sharpens rifles and pikes, for the purpose of as-
sisting Brown forays; why, instead ol appropri-
ating money for these purposes, do not they raise
money enough to select a man of honor, (ruth,
and veracity, in whom they can rely, and send
him into the slave States of this Union, and obtain
such information as shall satisfy themselves of the
tiuth of the pretended facts upon which their fa-
natical appeals arc made? This would open up a
lighFuiat would put a stop to agitation: it would
take away their political capital. This would
show the facts as they exist; this would open then-
eyes to the truth, and check them ill their reckless
career, when they have the means of knowing that
the information on which their aggressions are at-
tempted is erroneous. But, sir, these remarks are
foreign to the purpose which I had when [ rose.
This is the proposition which I intended to pre-
sent, and to which I had intended to invoke the
attention of members of the House. It will be
seen from the remarks I have already made, that
I am not alarmed, nor do I think the people of
the South are alarmed, for fear of a servile war
or insurrection, or from fear of the want of se-
curity to the lives and persons of the people of
the South. My alarm is of a different character.
I do feel alarm," and I think there are reasons why
that alarm should affect every putiiotfrom Maine
to California; and that alarm is for the mainte-
nance of constitutional liberty. That alarm is for
the success of this experiment of ours of free self-
government; and that alarm results from the dan-
ger which I see threatening the American people
at this moment, by a wicked, unconstitutional, un-
reasonable crusade against the Constitution itself,
and against the rights of a portion of the people
of this country, bound together by a common
compact, united together for a common destiny,
if common1 justice shall be awarded to all. 1
know it is asserted by gentlemen on the opposite
side of the House, and I doubt not many of them
are sincere m the assertion, that they never intend
to interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States where it exists. If that be not their in-
tention, I want to ask them, respectfully, why
this continual warfare; why so many newspapers
sustained, keeping up a continual remorseless
warfare agaiti.it slavery; why so many preachers
sustained, desecrating the holy temple of. God,
denouncing the Bible and the Constitution "of the
United States, in their reckless crusade against
slavery; why so many politicians sent to Con-
gress upon this single question of negro slavery
in the States where it does not exist, where they
have nothing to do with it, and no excuse for their
foray upon the Constitution of the United StStes?
Why is this? They tell us they desire to-jwe-
vent the extension of slavery in the Territories.
Well, sir, we of the South aTe in the habit of
considering that the Territories are the common
of the people of all the States-of this
Wo are in the habit of considering the Federal
Government as the trustee, of these people forthe
administration of this vast trust estate of ours.
.We are in the habit of considering that, as that
trust estate belongs to the people of the country,
those people should not be interfered with directly
or indirectly in the common mutual enjoyment of
that vast trust fund; and hence it is that we claim
the privilege of going into these common territories,
and settling down there by the side, of the citizens
of the other States, claiming a commonprotection
with them in the common territories of the coun-
try. In my own State, property is recognized in
negro slaves: and we claim the privilege of taking
that property into that common territory, and of
enjoying it there while that territory remains sub-
ject to the trust and administration of the Federal
Government, and until the people of that territory"
come to form for themselves, by a sovereign act,
a constitution and State government.
It is admitted then—I know admitted upon the
principle which recognizes the revolutionary right
of destruction of property, and it must rest alone
. upon that right—that the people of a Territory,
! when they come to be admitted into the Union,
have tlio right to exclude slavery. It is a theory
which, in itself, ought not to be encouraged. I do
not saythatthe people, underthese circumstances,
have not that right; but I simply allude to the fact,
for the purpose of saying that the admission that
it can be done, rests not upon any prmciple.of
law, not upon any principle of common justice,
unless we take the principle that power makes
law when in a revolutionary state of affairs; it
must rest upon the principle of the right of the .
people in forming a government, or in any exer-
cise of sovereignty, to destroy property. And this
is an improper principle. I venture to say that
such aprmciple,asagainst any other property than
slaves, would be resisted to the last extremity by
the very gentlemen who urge not only that the
States may do it in their sovereign capacity, but
also that the Territories in their territorial condi-
tion have the right without a single attribute of
sovereignty in themselves.
Mr. GOOCH. Do I understand the geijtleman
to say that the people of a Territory, when they
adopt, a State constitution, have no right to ex-
clude slavery ?
Mr. REAGAN. I will answer the gentleman.
What I say is this: that the right has been ad-
mitted by all political parties in the country. I
say that they have the right; but that it is a revo-
lutionary right, and not a right resting upon law
or upon'natural justice; and when a government
comes to exercise its sovereignty, and undertakes
m its sovereign capacity to destroy that right,
it departs from a great principle which ought to
govern it always. It should protect the condi-
tion of society when the government was formed,
and should protect all the property of the people
which form that government, destroying none
of it.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman notfor the
opinion of parties, because i desire to understand
him. I understood him to say that, in his judg-
ment, it was the exercise of a power which ought
not to lie used; and I now wish him to state dis-
tinctly whether he considers it in accordance with
the Constitution of the United States for the peo-
ple of a State,'when they adopt their constitution,
to exclude slavery, or whether he regards it as a
violation of the Constitution >
Mr. REAGAN. I will answer the gentleman
that the Constitution of the United States does
not undertake to control the States in regard to
their domestic institutions: and in that sense I
would not assume, and do not assume, that the
Constitution of the United States has anything to
do in forbidding States, ill their sovereign capa-
