330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
city, to abolish slavery. I only mean to say
this: that while they may exercise that right under
the Constitution of the United States, without
derogation to any of its provisions, they have to
do it upon a revolutionary principle, a principle
whiph looks to the destruction of property; and
that this is against that spirit of common justice
and common right which ought to animate the
action of eVery people in the formation and con-
duct of thciv Government, that of preserving the
rights and property of all the people within their
limits.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman will permit me.
I understand him to say that the exorcise of that
right is in violation of the common principles of
justice. Am I right?
Mr. REAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GOOCH. If that be so, then, if I under-
stand the gentleman, it is also in violation of the
common principles of justicc to cxcludc slavery
from any State in the Union where it now
exists ?
_ Mr. REAGAN. I think that it is not only in
violation of the common principles of justice, but
if done by Federal authority a violation of the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. GOOCH. I am answered.
Mr. REAGAN. I was going to state, when
interrupted by the gentleman, that the Territories
were the common property of the people of the
country—the people of the whole country; and
that, while the people of the whole country ought
to have the privilege to go there and enjoy that
property which was secured to them under the
constitutions of the several States, and the Con-
stitution of the Union, there is no necessity for
making that question now. When I say that to
the Republicans, I address it at the same time to
gentleman upon my own side of the House.
There is no necessity of making an is^ue whether
slavery shall go into the Territories or not. Why,
sir, that question ia now settled in reference to
the Territories of this country. In "Washington,
in Nebraska, in Kansas, it has been determined
that there shall be no slavery. Wc of the Smith
have no objection to flint. Of cour.se, we object
to territorial legislation for the exclusion of slavery.
But it is excluded m the Territories I have named
. by the sentiment of the people, it not by the laws
of inteiest and of ehmate. Against that we shall
make no war.
In New Mexico, laws have been passed for the
protection of slavery, and Congress will not at-
tempt to repeal those laws. The people of that
Territory arc satisfied with what has been done.
We of the South ought to be content, since slavery
is protected there. Slavery to-day exists in Utah.
There is no complaint, sir, that it Is insecure there.
• That being so in reference to New Mexico and
Utah, ajid the question being settled in reference
to the other Territories, why is it, at a time when
agitation in the States and m Congress cannot
change the condition of things, thot, upon a mere
theoretical point, the country is to ho excited from
one end to the other? Why cannot we let that
pass by, and go to something practical and bene-
ficial—something, sir, which can serve the coun-
try? Why can we not, for a little while, at least,
give repose from this perpetual, this eternal agi-
tation on the subject of slavery? If some man,
in future ages, conies to read the history of the
days in which we live, if h<- looks at the proceed-
ings which take place in Congress, he would be
induced to think that there was a vast interest in
this country m negroes, and but small interest in
white people. It would seem that wc have for-
gotten the vast agricultural interests that are at
stake*, that wc have forgotten the vast commercial
interests of our people; that we have forgotten the
great questions of this Government—an adherence
to the Constitution, fidelity to its compromises,
and that fraternal good will which subsisted be-
tween our fathers. Why. then, shall not ques-
tions of agitation be dropped 5 I say that to the
Republicans, and to several gentlemen upon our
own side. Why shall this agitation be kept up
between Republicans and other parties? and why
shall this be a disturbing element upon our side
of the House, which prevents us from united ac-
tion in an effort to defeat that Republican party,
which we regard as endangering the Constitution
and the Union ?
Mr. Clerk, I June referred to the fact that they
have disclaimed any intention to interfere with
slavery in the States; and I have referred to the
evidence which wc have as to their purpose. I
have referred to their assertion that the Federal
Government ought to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories. I have tried to show that there was no
necessity for such action now. But I have not
given all the evidence of the tendency of that party.
If we look to the free States of this country, wc
see what wc regard, what the country regards,
outside of those engaged in the particular meas-
ures proposed, and what history will regard, as a
settled purpose to Violate the Constitution of the
United States. It is conceded that the Constitu-
tion has conferred upon Congress the authority
to cnact the fugitive slave law. Congress, in pur-
suance of that authority, has enacted such a law.
And, sir, I think that it was a wise foresight of
the framers of the Federal Constitution to require
members of the State Legislatures to take a sol-
emn oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and the constitutionsof the several States.
Every legislator of a State in this Union, v/hen he
enters upon the discharge of his duties, has not
only to take airoath to support the constitution of
his State, but also an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States. The Constitution of
the United States confers, as J have already said,
power upon Congress to enact afugitive slave law,
and Congress, in pursuance of that authority, has
passed such a law. A number of the States—I
am told some seven or eight of them—have passed
laws intended to impede, or utterly to defeat, the
enforcement of that fugitive slave law.
Now, sir, I say it m a political sense, witj} no
disposition to be personally offensive to any man,
that I cannot see how a man can take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States and
then turn round and vote to violate that Consti-
tution. It seems to me to be official perjury. I
do not know what other designation to give it.
I do not suppose it is from a mere love of crime
that this thing is done; but I am persuaded that
men can only bo urged to the commission of such
an act by the relentless force of an unreasoning
fanaticism. Certainly, take individuals to them-
selves, outside of political excitement, address
them as men, ask them if this is right, and they
will tell you m reply that they respect the Con-
stitution of the United States; that they will not
violate it. Pcihaps, sir, tlicy think that they will
not, but wc know that, m their political capacity,
in the State Legislatures, they do violate that
Constitution which they have sworn to support.
This is another of the evidences of the danger
of the Republican party.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from {ftmth
Carolina [Mr. Boyce] yestciday, in the course of
his able argument, stated, and the gentleman from
Texas has repeated the ^statement, that seven or
eight northern Slates had passed laws contraven-
ing the statute requiring the rendition of fugitive
slaves. We deny the promises, with due defer-
ence to the honorable gentlemen; we do not admit
that any of the northern States have passed laws
for the piu pose of defeating the constitutional pro-
vision in reference to fugitive slaves. There have
been laws passed in the northern States—not in
the State 1 have the honor in part to represent—
to prevent the violation of that law which requires
the rendition of fugitive slaves from the southern
States. That 1 understand to be the intent of the
laws passed m the free States. It is to secure to
all their citizens their right to personal liberty.
They cherish with sincerity the* great rights of
our Saxon ancestors—the writ of habeas corpus
and trial by jury. We hold these remedies as pre-
cious and dear to us, because they secure our rights
and the rights of all classes, even the poor and
downtrodden blacks. We would give them the
right of the writ of habeas corpus, because it is one
of the rights we aud our ancestors have claimed
for many generations.
The writ of habeas corpus, then, has been ex-
tended to that class for the purpose of preventing
a violation and abuse of that clause of the Consti- '
tution which requires us to deliver up the fugitive
slaves who may come among us. I therefore
deny the point taken by the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Boyck] on a former occasion, and
now repeated by the gentleman from Texas. We
are doing no violence to the Constitution itself by
passing laws in the free States to prevent an abuse
of laws designed to sustain constitutional guaran-
tees.
Mr. REAGAN. I am perfectly persuaded that
the gentleman himself will act upon the idea he
suggests, of good faith to the Constitution, and
will rely upon some technical or real objection to
the execution of the law. He could justify, upon
similar giounds, any effort of the Legislatures of
the free States to impede or interrupt the effect and
operation of the fugitive slave law. It is not, I
apprehend, common that the habeas corpus act
is brought to bear even for freemen who are fugi-
tives from justice, and if the gentleman's theory
be right, if the writ of habeas corpus must be em-
ployed in the free States to prevent the return of
fugitives from labor, it virtually, in the state of
public opinion which now exists and has existed
for some time past, amounts to a total denial of the
master's right, by involving him in such expense
and such personal danger as would deter any
master from enforcing his rights for the recapture
of his slaves.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will not
misunderstand me. I would not encourage the
use of the writ of habeas corpus for the prevention
of the rendition of fugitives. On the contrary, I
deny that the writ is used for that purpose, and I
suppose that where any free State has authorized
the use of that writ, it has been so used to prevent
a misuse of the fugitive slave law and a violation
of it. And I tell the gentleman that I believe now
that the law is as often violated by persons who
protend to hold blacks in servicc, and who §0 into
the free States for the purpose of misusing or
abusing the fugitive slave law, as it is by persons
in the northern States in attempting to effect the
escape of slaves.
Mr. REAGAN. That response rests upon the
assumption-that the law will not be enforced in
the slave States in favor of blacks. I have stated
already how that question has been disposed of
in the State which l have the honor to represent;
and I take it for granted that the assumption does
great and flagrant mjusticG to the slave States gen-
erally. I believe sincerely, that a negro in a slave
State, entitled to his liberty, would be as absolute-
ly successful in vindicating his right, as he would
m a free State. No man m a slave State would
dare attempt to take a free negro and hold him as
a slave. In many of them, possibly in all, it is
made an indictable offense to attempt to hold a
free negro as a slave. But whether that is so or
not m all the slave States, I believe the courts of
justice will as certainly vindicate the freedom of
a negro in a slave State as in any free State.
Mr. COBB. I would just here state a case which
came under my own observation. There were
some vile citizens in my district who stole two
free black children. They came to my town, and
were suspected of having come into the possession
of the childien wrongfully. They took the negro
children into Tennessee and sold them. Some cit-
izens of my own town and district pursued them,
and fortunately overtook them just as they had
sold the children and were executing a bill of sale.
They took the children and their pretended own-
ers back to Alabama. The laws were enforced
against those men, and they are now in the State
penitentiary of Alabama, suffering the penalty of
their offense.' That is the way we deal with every
man who attempts to take advantage of freedom,
as you term it, in my State; and I assure you,
that if any individual should go from my State
into another State, for the purpose of seizing free
negroes and bringing them into Alabama, we
would, if wc could put our hands upon him, send
him likewise to the penitentiary.
Mr. CURTIS. The instance to which the gen-
tleman from Alabama has alluded, proves the
necessity of the caution which is adopted at the
North. If such a tiling could occur in Alabama,
how much more likely to occur in the border
States.
The gentleman from Texas is mistaken if he
supposes the North do not appreciate all the ad-
vantages and disadvantages of slavery. I tell the
gentleman we do understand more about it than
he supposes; and I deny that war is made upon
slavery in the States where it now exists, espe-
cially by the Republican party. We have our
views upon the matter; but I throw back upon the
Democratic party the charge of a disposition to
agitate this question for their own political ends.
The gentleman from Texas asks how many gen-
tlemen upon this side owe their seats here to this
issue of slavery? I return the question to him,
