1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
do not know what more the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania wants.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am very willing to sub-
mit^ to that vote. I merely desired to protest
against this hasty and inconsiderate manner of
passing over matters of such grave moment. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to submit the follow-
ing amendment:
Insert, at the end of the first section, as follows:
For completion of the capitol building in Nebraska Ter-
ritory, $30,000; Provided, That no part of the money hereby
appropriated shall be expended till detailed plans and esti-
mates for the entire cbmpletion of the butldingfor the pub-
lic service for the sum hereby appropriated shall have been
prepared, submitted, and approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend by inserting the following:
For the completion of the public buildings in Washington
Territory, $60,000.
A Member. What buildings are they?
„ Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The capitol
and penitentiary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any estimate by
the Department for these buildings?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The amend-
ment is recommended by the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The following section being under considera-
tion:
"Sec. 2. ,1nd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$30,000, heretofore appiopriated by act of March 3, 1859,
tor the puipose of repairs and incidental expenses to the
Mght-hou^e at Oswego and buildings connected therewith,
and which remains unexpended, may be used and applied
for repairing and securing and protecting the pier connected
with the light-house at Oswego, New York, so as to pre-
vent the destruction of said light-house and pier,"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
amend by adding the following:
And that the unexpended balance of the amount hereto-
fore appropriated by the act of March 3, 1859, for tbe pur-
pose of repairing the works and piles in order to preserve
and secure the light-house at Chicago, Illinois, may be
used and applied for repairs and improving the harbor of
Chicago, Illinois.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair whether
that amendment is in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, it is not in order.
Mr. WASHJ3URNE, of Illinois. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and I desire to state
two or three facts to the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. If the amendment to add to
the section will preclude my motion to strike out,
I must make my motion now.
The CHAIRMAN. Tl« motion to add to the
section will, perhaps, take precedence of the mo-
tion to strike out.
Mr. Q,RARLES. I ask for a question on the
amendment. The gentleman from Illinois is too
long in hunting up his law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At the last
session of Congress an appropriation was made
for the purpose of preserving the light-house and
piers at Chicago. A portion of that appropriation
has been expended, and this amendment only
provides for the expending of the balance which
remains in the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. As the amendment changes
existing law, the Chair rules the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair; and on sus-
taining the decision of the Chair I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Quarles
and BuPFiNfoN were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes seventy-four.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Although 1
am satisfied that the decision of the Chair is wrong,
yet that the committee may not be embarrassed,
I withdraw my appeal.
t Mr. SHERMAN. As we are now through the
bill, I ask to submit the following table, showing
the difference between the sums estimated for by
the Departments and those recommended by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The table is as follows:
Btj not reporting appropriations for, and making deductions on, the following objects:
To supply deficiency in the fund for the relief of sick and disabled seamen 
Maintenance of vessel on the coast of California for inspection of light-houses
and transportation purposes 
Purchase of trees and tree boxes, whitewashing and repair ot pavements m
front of public grounds 
Annual lepairsofthe Capitol,&c 
Repairs ot Pennsylvania avenue 
Taking care of grounds south of the President's House 
Clearing out sewer traps on Pennsylvania avenue 
Repairing the fence around that portion of the Mall upon which the Smith-
sonian building is situated 
Inclosing with a suitable wooden fence the public reservation on Missoun
avenue, between Four-and-a-half and Third streets 
Do.
do.
Do.
do.
in New Mcxico  
Do.
do.
in Kansas and Nebraska,
Do.
do.
in Oregon 
Do.
do.
in Washington   
Expenses of receiving, arranging, and taking care of copy-right books and charts...
Estimated.
$300,000
3,000
5,000
1,000
68,000
30,000
20,000
35,000
35,000
25,000
3,GOO
Reported.
$175,000
2,500
2,500
500
50,000
20,000
10,000
20,000
15,000
15,000
1,400
Jlnd by reporting appropriations for the following objects not in the estimates for 1
For completion and protection ot way to light-house at Huron, Ohio 
For furniture for the new cu&tom-house, &c., at Wheeling, Virginia 
Botanic garden, grading, filling in, &c 
Do. pay to horticulturist, &c   
To pay for Statutes at Large 
Completion of capitol of New Mexico 
$6,000 00
1,411 00
3,300 00
5401 50
1,000 00
60,000 00
Net reduction.
Reduction.
$125,000 00
30,000 00
500 00
2,500 00
3,000 00
500 00
300 00
500 -00
1,314 00
18,000 00
10,000 00
10,000 00
15,000 00
20,000 00
10,000 00
2,200 00
248,814 00
76,832 50
$171,981 50
Mr. BRANCH. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing section:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$30,000, heretofore appropriated by act of March 3, 1859,
for the purpose of repairs and incidental expenses to the
light-house at Oswego and buildings eonnectcd therewith,
and which remains unexpended, may be used and applied
for repairing and securing and protecting the pier connected
with the light-house at Oswego, New York, so as to pre-
vent the destruction of said light-house and pier."
I would inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means whether that committee
are satisfied that this appropriation is necessary
for the protection of the light-house at Oswego ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The matter was before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and, so far as I
remember, this section was agreed to unanimously.
It appeared, from official documents and from
statements made to the committee, that if this pier
were destroyed, there would be no connection
between the light-house and the main land during
a storm. There was an unexpended balance of a
former appropriation made for the benefit of this
light-house, and we were asked to reappropriate
that amoun t. We understand that the unexpended
balance of a few thousand dollars will enable the
light-house to be reached at all times.
Mr. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I will answer the
gentleman from North Carolina, and explain to
the committee, by saying that the United States
piers at Oswego extend from either shore at the
mouth of the Oswego, river to the channel bf the
stream forming the harbor. Upon the end of the
west pier stands the light-house. This pier has-
been broken through by the violence of the lake
storms. The harbor is filling up, and-woles?re-
pairs be speedily made, that fraction of the pier
on which the. light-house stands wil] be swep£
away and the commerce of the port be destroyed.
I cannot better illustrate the true state of the
case than by sending to the Clerk's desk a letter
from the superintendent of the pier; and I as&
that it may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
United States Pier ornce,
Oswego, March 9,18fi(l
Sir : In reply to your letter making the inquiry as to the
state of the harbor work at this place, I would mostrespect-
fully state, that, for the want of the necessary appropria-
tions, it is now in a very precarious condition, and liable at
any moment to be swept away by the lake storms. The
stone masonry work which connects the wooden pier with
the shore has several large breaches in it, so that every
storm assists in filling up the harbor, and which, has al-
ready rendered a considerable portion of it unfit for use.
Should this state of things continue for another year, this
harbor will be rendered almost entirely useless.
During the past year $10,000 was expended upon, the
wood-work of it, which was insufficient even to tuake the
temporary repairs required.
On the outside of the pier are large blocks of stone
placcd there as a protection to the work from the sea.
These stones should be removed as soon as possible, as they
are constantly moved by the waves agamst the work, and
are doing avast amount of injury to it.
If the $30,000 appropriated by tbe last Congress could be
used for the pier generally, the work of desolation might
be prevented, and both the light-house and pier saved.
X am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM S. MALCOLM,
Superintendent,
Hon. M. L. Lee.
In addition to this statement, I will read an ex-
tract from the report of Colonel Graham, super-
intendent of topographical engineers, who says:
"The precarious condition of the works for the protec-
tinn of tins admirable commercial port was fully set forth
in my annual report for 1857, and an appropriation was
earnestly asked for, in order to enable us to commence, with
the opening of tlie spring of 1858, the repairs which were
most needed. Unfortunately no aid was granted, and, as
was fully anticipated and predicted in such an event, the
work of dilapidation has gone on since the date of that re-
port at a fearful rate.
" It has been painful to look on and see portions of that
structure, consisting of heavy stone masonry, crumble in
our veiy Sight, without the means to check the work of
desolation.
" A timely appropriation would have saved a very large
expenditure, which must now be. applied to putting the
works in an efficient and safe condition. The local author-
ities have liberaliy contributed a portion of the means ne-
cessary for the most urgent of the repairs that were needed,
but they were not adequate, for the remedy of the whole
evil."
It appears clear and conclusive, therefore, from
these statements of the officers in charge of the
pier and light-house, thatlsoon, if an immediate
appropriation be not made to secure their protec-
tion, they will both be swept away, and a com-
merce, that amounted in 1858 to $19,281,023 62
in imports, and $15,329,853 44 in exports, be de-
stroyed. This appropriation ($30,000) was made
by the last Congress; but owing to the doubtful
language in which it was expressed in the act,
the Light-House Board did not feel authorized to
expend the money. I cannot believe tbe commit-
tee will agree to the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, to strike out this section of
the bill, and thus defeat the appropriation of this
$30,000, involving, as it does, such important
interests.
Mr. BRANCH. The communication read,from
the engineer in charge of the work-, does not, so
far as 1 could hear it, state any necessity for this
pier in order to protect the light-house, but it is
simply put upon the ground of a protection for
the harbor. We have not heard that the Light-
House Board has recommended any such ap-
propriation. The Light-House Board does not
appear to have reported to Congress that it is
necessary, for the protection of the light-house at
Oswego, that this appropriation should be made.
The communication of the officer of the engineer
department, having charge of such harbor im-
provements at Oswego, states that this appropri-
ation is necessary for the protection of the harbor.
He is doubtless correct. "We have a bill already
rpported to this House for river and harbor im-
provements. If this work is necessary for the
protection of Oswego harbor, if it can be shown
that it is necessary, then why are not gentlemen
willing that it shall be embraced in the regular
river and harbor appropriation bill'
