THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Itfr.JELIOT. I say this to the gentleman from
North Carolina: &at the light-house will be in-
accessible unless this improvement is made. It
is not for the improvement of the harbor, but for
the purpose of affording access to the light-house.
Mr. BRANCH. Has the Light-Hotise Board,
whois charged withthe care of all the light-houses
in ,the United States, recommended that any ap-
pTopriatioft should be made for this "work ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is n6 appropriation
made in this bill;
Mr. BRANCH. That does not alter the point
at all. Has the Light-House Board reported to
Congress that any appropriation is necessary to
preserve the way to this light-house? The gen-
tleman says that no appropriation is made. I un-
derstand that an appropriation of $30,000is made.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am cognizantof
the facts upon which this section is based. I have
examined the locality; and I do say that the pier
is essential to the existence of the light-house.
Every storm, as it sweeps through the breach in
the pier, shocks and endangers the light-house.
To preserve the light-house, we must preserve
the pier.
Mr. LEE. The gentleman's statement is borne
out by the facts. I indorse the statement fully.
Mr, BRANCH. I insist that none of these
river-and harbor appropriations ought to he in-
cluded in this bill, and that, too, while no quorum
is present.
The question being on Mr. Branch's amend-
ment, the committee divided, and there were eight
votes in the affirmative.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand a count on the other
side.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and" Hatton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 19, noes 78; no quorum voting.
During the division,
Mr. BRANCH said: If gentlemen will allow
this to be stricken out, so that we can have a vote
upon it in the House, 1 will withdraw the demand
for tellers.-.
Objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum being pres-
ent, the Clerk will call the roll.
The roil was called; and Mr. Colfax having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Etii-
eridge reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration a bill (H. R. No. 501)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1861, and finding itself without a quorum,, had
causcd the roll to be called, and had directed him
to report the names of the absentees to the House.
The following arc the names of the absentees:
Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashmttre, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Bairctt, Blair, ttooock,
Bonhamj BOuligny, Royee, Brown, Burch, Burnett, Burn-
ham, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Conkling,
Corwin, Cox, Burton Cruige. Crawford, Curtis, Davidson,
II. Winter Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dimnuok,
Dunn. Edmuhdson, English, Farnssworth. Ferry, Fouke,
Garnett, Graham, Hale, Hall, Uamilton, Haideman, Ilas-
km, Hawkins, Uolmick, Hickman, Hill, Umdnuin, Hum-
phrey, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kent, William Kellogg,
Kcuyon, Kilgorc, KunkeJ, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Logan,
Longnecker, Love, Maclay, Marsion, Charles D. Martin,
MeClernand, McQueen, MeRae, iVIiies, Millwaid, Laban
T. Mo'nc, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Monis, Isaac N, Moins,
Morse, Noell, Ohn, Palmer, PottU, Peyton, Phelps, Porter,
Potter, Pryor, Reynolds, itice, TCigg^., Runt, Scott, Scranton,
SicfcJcs, Siruins, Singleton, William Smith, Somes, Spann-
ing. Stallwortb, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, William
Stewart, Taylor, Thayer, Theaker, Train. Tumble, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Vandcver, Cadvvalader C. Washburn,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson, Winslow,
Wood, and Woodson.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the House do
now- adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have but about seventy
members present. We ought to finish this busi-
ness to-day; and I therefore hope that the House
will not adjourn, but that we will compel the at-
tendance of absent members.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
A call of the House was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Ohio how many mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means an-
swered to their names upon the call of the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot answer for other
members of that committee. I' know that there
was one memberof that committee who answered
to his name, and that is all I am responsible for.
The roll was then called, when the following
members failed to Answer to their names:
Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett,
Beaie, Blair, Bocock, Bonham, Bouligny, Boyce, Briggs,
Brown, Burch, Bufnett, Burnham, Burroughs, Campbell,
Case, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens, Cobb,
Clark B. Cochrane, Conkling, Corwm. Covorle, Cox, James
Craig, Crawford, Curtis, Davidson, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nette, Dimmiek, Dunn, Edgerton, Edmundson, English,
Farnsworth, Ferry,Fouke, Garnett, Graham, Gurley, Hale,
Hall, Hamilton, Hardeman, Haskin, Hawkins, Helmick,
Hickman, Hill, Ilindman, Hughes, Humphrey, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, William Kellogg, Kenyon, ICilgore,
KunkeJ, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay,
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Eibcrt S. Martin, McCIernand,
McPherson, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Miihvard, Laban T.
Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Mor.-^e, Nixon, Noell, Palmer, Perry, Peyton, Phelps, Por-
ter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, James C.
Robinson, Rust, Scott, Scranton, Sickles, Simms, Single-
ton, William Smith, Some*, Spaulding, Stallworth, Stan-
ton, Stevens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Tappan, Tay-
lor, Thayer, Theaker, Train, Trimble, Underwood, Val-
landigham, Vandevcr, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Israel
Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson, Winslow, Wood,
and Woodson.
During the call,
Mr. HATTON stated that Mr. Hughes had
paired off with Mr. Humphrey. „
Mr. HOUSTON stated that Mr. Barksdale
was confined to his room by severe illness.
Mr. NIBLACIC stated that Mr. Case had left
the Hall during the course of the afternoon quite
ill.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state that but one hundred and one members have
answered to their names; and therefore, according
to the rule, the Chair directs the doors to be closed.
The doors were accordingly closed.
Mr. BRANCH. I now insist upon my motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore The Chair would
state that the next thing in order is to call over
the list of absentees, to see if sufficient excuses
are presented. The Chair will have rule 63, which
directs our mode of proceedure, read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
tc 63. Upon the cailof the House, the name? of the mem-
bers shall be called over by the Cleik, and the absentees
noted ; after which the names of the absentees shall again
be called over; the doors shall then be bhtu,anrt those lor
whom no excuse or insufficient excuses aie made, may, by
oidcr of tho^e present, if fifteen m number, be taken into
custody as they appear, or may be sent for and taken into
custody, vvheievcr to be found, by special messengers to be
appointed for that purpose."
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I ask the consent of
the House to say two or three words, in order to
see if I cannot obviate this difficulty into which
we "have fallen.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state that remarks are not in order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. They are, by unan-
imous consent. I only desire to see if we cannot
get out of our trouble, and permit this bill to pass.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I want the names of the
absentees called over, that we may know who
they arc, and wlmt excuses can be offered for
them.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the list of
absentees, as follows.
Green Adams. No excuse offered.
Garnett E. Adrain. No excuse offered.
Thomas L. Anderson. No excuse offered.
William C. Anderson. No excuse offered.
John D. Asiimore.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to state, in reference
to Mr. Ashmore, that he was taken suddenly sick
in the House this afternoon and was compelled to
retire from the Hall. Before leaving, however,
he paired off with Mr. Thayer, of Massachusetts.
A Voice. Pairs have nothing to do with this
case.
Mr. REAGAN. I do no not mention the fact
of a pair as an excuse. I know he was ill; he had
complained for some time, and when he left the
Hall he was quite sick.
Mr. GARTRELL. It is known that Mr. Ash-
more is very constant in liis attendance upon the
meetings of the House, and therefore, under'the
circumstances detailed by the gentleman from
Texas, I move that Mr. Ashmore be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
William Barksdale.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I desire to state that Mr.
Barksdale is confined to his room by sickness,
and is unable to be present. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas J. Barr.
Mr. JONN COCHRANE. I expect Mr. Barr
is sick. [Laughter.] If he is not, he ought to
be; and, if he is, he ought to be excused. [Laugh-
ter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
J. R. Barrett. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Blair. No excuse offered.
Thomas S. Bocock.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Bocock came to me an
hour ago, saying that he was under necessity to
leave the Hall. I thought he looked very pale at
the time.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that Mr. Bocock be
excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What is the ex-
cuse ?
Mr. BRANCH. He looked pale.
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon that ground the gen-
tleman from North Carolina and myself could
not get excused at ail. His color and mine are
so deep that we could not look pale. [Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
Milledge L. Boniiam. No excuse offered.
John E. Bouligny. No excuse offered.
William W. Boyce. No excuse offered.
George Briggs. No excuse offered.
John C. Burcii. No excuse offered.
Henry C. Burnett.
Mr. VANCE. Mr. Burnett said he was sick
with hunger. He called hunger a disease; and as^
hunger kills people sometimes, I suppose it is a
disease. Therefore, I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Alfred A. Burniiam. No excuse offered.
"Silas M. Burroughs. Excused on accountof
sickness.
James H. Campbell. No excuse offered.
Charles Case. No excuse offered.
Horace F. Clark. No excuse offered.
John B. Clark. No excuse offered.
Sherrard Clemens. No excuse offered.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ask to be'permitted to
withdraw, on my parol of honor to return in
thirty or forty minutes. [Cries of "Agreed!"
"Agreed!" "There is precedent for it!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the gentleman
from Tennessee be excused for thirty minutes.
Mr. VANCE. I move to amend, by asking
the gentleman to take mealongwith him. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether he would not
follow up his motion, by asking that he should
be excused himself?
Mr. FLORENCE. Very likely I would.
Williamson R.W.Cobb. No excuse offered.
Roscoe Conkling. INo excuse offered.
Thomas Corwin. No excuse offered.
John Covode.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that Mr. Coyode be
excused, as he had to leave on business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume he is hunting up
evidence for his committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think my colleague ought
to be excused. I saw him in company with some
very clever constituents of mine, official gentle-
men, from Philadelphia. I have no doubt he is
extending to them the courtesy of a Pennsylva-
nia Representative, and I think he ought to be
excused.
Mr. Covode was not excused.
Burton Craige. No excuse offered.
Martin J. Crawford. No excuse offered.
Samuel R. Curtis.
Mr. PEYTON. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] is absent on account of sickness,
and I hope he will be excused.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say that I left Mr.
Curtis sick last night, and he was siek when he
left here. He ought to be excused.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to ask what
has become of the gentleman's [Mr. Curtis] in-
fants—the Territories and States—that he was in
trouble about the other day? [Laughter.]
Mr.FLORENCE. They were weaned last week.
