3240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
of the bill under discussion at the time of the re-
cess. If there be no objection, that will be con-
sidered the sense of the Senate. The bill will be
read.
Mr. HARLAN. I will again ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up the bill of
the Housp of Representatives No. 807.
Mr. BIGLER. I have got this bill up by
unanimous consent, and I hope the Senator will
allow me to go through with it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire if it will take
any time?
Mr. BIGLER.. It will take but a moment to
dispose of it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. 814) pro-
viding for the erection of a post office in the city
of Philadelphia. It repeals the proviso of the third
section of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, A.
D. I860," passed March 3, 1859. Ifi case the
premises agreed to be purchased by the United
States from the American Philosophical Society
as a site for a court-house, mentioned in that third
section,should fail to sell on account of any defect
or qualification in the title thereto, then the sum
of $78,000, appropriated by the act of August 18,
1856. entitled "An act making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857," for the pur-
chase and payment of the same, together with the
unexpended balance of the sum of $50,000, appro-
priated by the act of March 3, 1859, for the pur-
pose of making alterations to the building thereby
authorized to be purchased of the Bank of Penn-
sylvania, and the .sum of $100,000, appropriated
by the act of March 3, 1857, for completing and
furnishing the building purchased of the Hank of
Pennsylvania, and to adapt it to the use of a post
office, at Philadelphia, are to be applied to carry-
ing out the provisions of the fourth section of the
act of March 3, 1859, in the following manner,
namely: first, for the purchase of the lots men-
tioned and described in the fourth section as the
Baily and Levy lots, at prices not exceeding the
sums mentioned in the fourth section, and then
for tho construction of a building on the lots suit-
able for a post office and court-house. But the
property purchased from the Bank of Pennsylva-
nia is to be sold at a price not less than one hun-
dred and ten thousand dollars.
Mr. BIGLER, 1 will explain the effect of this
bill in a few words. In 185G, the Government of
the United States purchased the property of the
Bank of Pennsylvania for the purposes of a post
office. The same year a purchase was made from
the American Philosophical Society of a lot for
tho purposes of a court-house. Fifty thousand
dollars was appropriated that year for the pur-
pose of fitting up the bank building to boused as
a court-bouse. In the session of 1857, $100,000
was appropriated in addition, for the purpose of
refuting the buildings for a court-house and a post
office. The Postmaster Geneial commenceu the
w<uk of changing the Bank of Pennsylvania for
the purposes of a post officc; but the popular feel-
ing was so strong against the location tliat he felt
required to suspend operations. In the session
of 1858, a law was passed referring this subject
to the Postmaster General, the Attorney General,
and the Secretary of the Treasury, authorizing
them to regulate the location of the public build-
ings of Philadelphia, and see what was best. They
decided that the post office ought to be on Clies-
nut street, near the present custom-house, the old
Bank of the United States, describing a property
that belonged to Mr. Levy and Mr. Baily, which
could be purchased for that purpose. At the last
session, a law was passed authorizing the sale of
the property purchased from the Bank of Penn-
sylvania and the propeity contracted for with the
American Philosophical Society, and applying the
proceeds of the sale of both these properties to-
ward the purchase of the Baily and Levy prop-
erty on Chesnut street, together with the previous
appropriations, to the construction of a building
which wouldanswerthe purposes of a court-house
and post office. That law was not executed, for
the reason that a proviso, which is repealed by
the first section of this bill, required that the prop-
erty should bring $205,000. It was found im-
possible to sell at that rate, and hence the law
was not executed. The purpose of the bill under
consideration is toenable the Postmaster General,
the Attorney General, and the Secretary of the
Treasury, to execute this law, to sell the property
as provided injthe law of last year, and construct
a building suitable for a post office and court-
house, on Chesnut street, near the present cus-
tom-house., That is the effect of the law. It is
a measure which the members of the House of
Representatives from Philadelphia have agreed
upon, and which, I believe, is entirely satisfac-
tory.
Mr. KING. I move as an amendment, to be
inserted as a third section, that the unexpended
balance of money heretofore appropriated for the
construction of a court-house and custom-house
and post officc, at Ogdensburg, be expended by
the Secretary of the Treasury upon the site here-
tofore purchased for the erection of that build-
ing. This is the continuance of a work.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. WilltheSen-
ator be good enough to prepare his amendment
and send it to the Chair?
Mr. BIGLER. I would prefer very much if
the honorable Senator from New York would
allow us to close this bill. I should prefer to have
itdefeated than amended. Thishasbeen a trouble-
some controversy in Philadelphia, in regard to
the location of the post office.
Mr. KING. _ I think there can be no objection
to this proposition. This is an expenditure of
money which has heretofore been appropriated.
Mr. BIGLER. If I understand the Senator,
he proposes to require the post officc to be located
on the original selection, which is the purchase
of the Bank of Pennsylvania.
Mr. KING. This is an additional section for
another court-house and post officc at another
place.
Mr. BIGLER. Oh, Mr. President, I cannot
get that through the House I I hope the Senator
will withdraw Oirdensburg.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sure the Senatorfrom
New York will not put on his amendment now,
if he understands this question as the rest of us
do. This is not kind of him. This money has
been appropriated for years for the purpose of
giving Philadelphia a post office and rooms for
tho United States courts. It is no new appropri-
ation.
Mr. KING. I am not asking for a new ap-
propriation. My amendment stands upon the
same footing.
Mr. CAMERON. But you are defeating this
bill by sending it back to the House.
Mr. KING. Both of them stand on the same
footing.
Mr. CAMERON. -Yours has not gone through
the other House, and it will destroy our bill. If
my friend from New York will listen to me I am
sure ho would not press his amendment.
Mr. KING. The Senate may not put it on.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust to your kindness. I
would be obliged to you, and should rather, a
great deal, that it should be taken oif by yourself
than by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I would like to have the Senator
from New York state whether his amendment is
according to the estimate of the Department, or
the recommendation of any committee, or comes
within tho rule.
Mr. KING. Tho appropriation has been made
by Congress heretofore.
Mr. CAMERON. May I be allowed to ask
whether it is in order to go before the desk while
the question is pending and occupy the whole
time of the Senate with preparing and writing an
amendment? Is not that out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. CAMERON. I make the point of order.
Several Senators. It is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York proposes, as an amendment, to
insert the following as an additional section:
JIud be it further enacted, That the unexpended balance
o( the moneys heretofore appropriated for the construction
of «i po-t officc, custom house, and court-home, on the site
heretofore purchased for that, purpose at Ogdensburg, New
York, be expended for the construction of the same by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeiod to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REISSUE OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up bill of the House of Representatives No. 807.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will excuse me for
objecting. It is very important that we should
get through with the post route bill, which is the
business regularly before the Senate, in order that
it may reach the Houseof Representatives. There
are a great many amendments that require en-
grossment.
w The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Florida object?
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will allow
this bill to be taken up.
Mr. YULEE. There are a great many more
to be offered.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. This will occupy but
a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill can
only be taken up by unanimous consent, there
being other business before the Senate. Unless
objected to, it will be considered the sense of the
Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 807) to
authorize the reissue of land warrants in certain
cases, and for other purposes. Whenever it shall
appear that any certificate or warrant, issued in
pursuance of any law of the United States grant-
ing bounty land, has been lost or destroyed,
whether it had been sold and assigned by the
warrantee or not, the Secretary of the Interior is
required to cause a new certificate or warrant of
like tcnor^o be issued in lieu thereof; which new
certificate or warrant may be assigned, located,
and patented in like manner as other certificates
or warrants for bounty land are now authorized
by law to be assigned, located,and patented;and
in all cases where-warrants have been, or may
hereafter be, reissued, the original warrant, in
whosesoever hands it may be, is to be deemed and
held to be null and void, and the assignment there-
of, if any there be, fraudulent; and no patent is
ever to issue for any land located therewith, un
less such presumption of fraud in the assignment
be removed by due proof that it was executed by
the warrantee in good faith and for a valuable
consideration. The Secretary of the Interior is
required to prescribe such rules and regulations
for carrying this act into effect as he may deem
necessary and proper in order to protect the Gov-
ernment against imposition and fraud by persons
claiming the benefit of this act; and all laws and
parts of laws for the punishment of false swear-
ing, and frauds against the United States, are made
applicable to false swearing and frauds under this
act. The act entitled "An act to provide for sat-
isfying claims for bounty lands for military ser-
vices in the late war with Great Britain, and for
other purposes," approved July 27, 1842, and
also the two acts approved January 27, 1835,
therein and thereby revived, are valid and con-
tinued in force from and after the 26th day of
June, 1858, when they expired by limitation.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out the third
section, in the following words:
Sec. 3 Ami be it further enacted, That tho act entitled
" An act to provide for satisfying claims for bounty lands
foi military services in the late war with Groat Britain, and
lot other pui poses," approved July 27, 1842, and also the
two acts, approved January 27, 1835, therein ami theieby
umved, shall be, and the same are hereby, revived, and
continued in force from and after the 26th day pt June, 1858,
when the same expired by limitation.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That warrants for bounty lands heretofore issued under
the authority of the act entitled "An act to provide for satis-
fying claims for bounty lands for military services in the late
war with Gieat Britain, and for other purposes," approved
the 27th day of July, in the year 1842, and of the several acts
reviving the same, approved the 26th day of June, m the
year 1848, and the 8th day of February, in the year 1854,
may be located, m conformity with the general laws in
force at any time within thw year* from the date of this
act; and that all entries and locations made with such
warrants since the 28th day of June, in the year 1858, shall
be as valid and effectual as if the several acta aforesaid had
not then expired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. Since the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands reported this bill, the matter proposed"
to be substituted for section three has passed the
House of Representatives. It had previously
passed the Senate in a separate bill—Senate bill
