332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
its character and. results than the foray which he
made into Virginia. But, sir, if you will trace
the history of this man John Brown, you will
find that all his forays and all his eventful carcer
began immediately after the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, when he went into Kansas for the
purpose of carrying out the ambiguous generalities
of the Kansas-Nebraska law. He was present
at the battles of Ossawatomi'e, of Black Jack, and
elsewhere. It was there that he learned the use
of arms and their effects in carrying out such ap-
peals to human strife. If you follow his steps
from that period until he maae his foray into Vir-
ginia, you winfwid that life was constantly engaged
in military operations, induced by the fanaticism,
fame, and love of strife which he acquired in the
civil weus of Kansas. It is, therefore, the Dem-
ocratic party that should be held responsible for
opening the door and initiating these forays ond
raids which have produced such unfortunate con-
sequences.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to ask one question.
Mr. REAGAN. I prefer to proceed with my
remarks.
Mr. NOELL. I merely desired to ask the gen-
tleman in relation to the habeas corpus acts.
Mr. REAGAN. I will allow the gentleman to
ask his question directly. I will state that, when
I rose, it was not my purpose or expectation to
get up these criminations and recriminations be-
tween gentlemen of the different sections. My
only purpose,in alluding to the action of the peo-
ple of the free States in stealing negroes, was for
the purpose of vindicating the correctness of my
assertion that the efforts of the free States, in their
personal liberty bills, their habeas corpus acts, and
otherdcscriptions of legislation, wen; intended and
operated as a violation of tlu; In deral Constitu-
tion, and showed their infidelity to our common
Constitution and common country. I did not
expert to enter into a statement of any circum-
stances calculated to aggravate the feelings of gen-
tlemen here by reference to individual wrong and
aggression.
~ Mr. WILSON. 1 will say that the gentleman
from Missouri was entirely mistaken in any sup-
position that the question propounded bylhegen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Crn.t-isj.ivuK at my in-
stance. The only suggestion winch I made to the
gentleman was simply tin1 question wheiher the
tir-a of these lawless invasions, of which we have
heard so much lately in this J louse, did not com-
mence within the district of the gentleman from
Missouri, or at least witlun the State of Mis-
souri ?
Mr. CRAIG, oT Missouri. If the gentleman
wiil allow me, I will answer with great pleasure.
Mr, WILSON. One woid moie. 1 know noth-
ing in regard to these 1 ndiamans of which the gen-
tleman speaks. 1 behove the people of Indiana
area Constitution-loving, law-abiding people, so
long as they remain within (he limits of the State.
Ib > w far they are corrupted by the <"\il commu-
nications of those with whom they associate in
the gentleman's district, 1 cannot t< 11. Sufficient
for that. I will say to the, gentleman that, so far
as I am aware, there has not been a single "viola-
tion of the fugitive-slave law, or resistance to the
fugitive jjlave law, within the limits of my State,
t<> my knowledge. I may bo mistaken, but that
ir, my recollection.
Mr. NiRLACK. One case did occur six or
seven yeais ai o, in the northern part of the State
of Indiana, m which a Mr. Ciockor and other men
were involved; but I have to say, for the eiedtt of
my State, that those men were prosecuted, and
that judgment was rendered against those who
\iolated the law. That, is the only instance.
Mr. WILSON. The violations, if there arc
nny, are so rare that they had entirely escaped my
recollection; and those that have occurred are
scarcely worth consideration.
Mi. ("'OLFAX. I reside in the town in which
th" case occmred^which has been referred to, and
I would like to give my testimony.
Mr. WILSON. One word' more. There is,
so far as Indiana and her people are concerned,
one tliiu;^ 1 desire to state m this connection. I
know iiol how much they have violated the law
of other States while residents of those StatCM. 1
know not whet their conduct has been elsewhere;
I only know of their conduct in my immediate
vicinity, within my district: and I am only an-
swerable, if answerable at all, for thnr conduct
within that district. And, sir, I am gratified to
say that under all circumstances, and at all times,
they have to the full extent obeyed the laws of
the country. But, Mr. Clerk, 1 do know this to
be a fact, that from my owil*county, within al-
most a stone's throw of my own house,1 did
know a citizen of that county to leave the State of
Indiana and go to Kansas, a quiet, inoffensive,
harmless, law-abiding man; and, as I have been
informed, that, for the simple desire and expres-
sion upon his part, without interfering in the
least, in any respect whatever, with the rights of
other people—for the simple declaration that he
desired Kansas to be a free State—he was willfully
and cruelly murdered. That man's name was
Allen StillwelL
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I know nothing
about the fact just staled by the gentleman from
Indiana, in reference to the murder of one of
his constituents; but 1 have no doubt that if he
will compare dates he will find that that murder
took place after John Brown had, in cold blood,
taken out of their houses and murdered four or
five peaceable inhabitants ol"the Territory of Kan-
sas, and after murdering them had mutilated their
bodies within a hundred rods of their residences.
Mr. WILSON. I can only state this, that at
no time or at no placc in the Territory of Kansas
was he connected, directly or indirectly, with
John Brown.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That may be so.
Mr. Clerk, I desire to say that I have the high-
est opinion of the people of Indiana, and that
it affords me pleasure to say here, 1 regard that
Slate as the soundest and most national northern
Statu in this Union.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me say a word.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Wait a moment.
I have alluded to the fact, sir, that I was obliged
to prosecute three Indianians for cruelty to their
servants. I did not mean to say by that, that the
Indiana people were a cruel people. I only wanted
to convince gentlemen who never have gone, and
never will go, to look at the. thiug as "it exists,
that Indianians made better border ruffians than
we did. [Laughter.]
Sir, while I say th.tt I was obliged, before one
of the most rigid judgts now in this Union, for
he gives the act in special charge to every giand
jury, to prosecute five persons for 'auehy to slaves,
I want to add to that remark just here, that cru-
elly to slaves is a very uncommon occurrence.
Here were only five cases in five years. I will
say further to the gentleman, with the high opin-
ion I have given of State—having lived a good
portion of my manhood north of Mason ancWDix-
on\s line, and some fifteen yeats since then south
uf that line, I know the masses better, 1 appre-
hend, than the gentleman—I will venture the as-
sertion that if the gentleman will get the statistics
cf Ins county m Indiana and of my county in
Missouri, lie wj11 find as many white men m his
count y who are cruel to their white servants as
he will find slaveholders in my county who have
been cruel to their slaves. Why, sir, the man is
i\u ther down in society in my 'district, as much
detested, as much driven out from among gen-
tlemen in good society, who will not protect his
skives, who is cruel to them, as any man in In-
diana or anywhere else who maybe guilty of the
most flagrant and degiading conduct.
Mr. WILSON. 1 certainly hope so.
Mr. COLFAX. J wish to make a remark in
reference to the case which has been stated by my
colleague. lie alluded to a case which occurred
at South Bend, and 1 will give my testimony. 1
was conversing at the tini" of his allusion with
an lumoiable m< mbet in the lobby, and did not
hear the discussion. 1 > esido at tlx* town of South
Bend, where this alleged rescue took place. I was
not present at the time: but, sir, I know tin.1 his-
tory of the case, and I will give it.
* Mr. REAGAN. I cannot yield any further.
I do not know what the'case is th-^t is referred
to; but I do know that it is foreign to the object
I have in \iew.
Mr. COLFAX. I will be brief. Mr. Cleik, a
party of persons from the South, with their friends,
wont to an adjoining comity in the State of Michi-
gan, and at midnight, without a certificate, or war-
lant, or any other legal authority, took and tied
a party of black persons who they claimed were
their slaves. They came out of the State ofMich-
igau into the Stat', of Indiana, and were passing
through it, but still without any legal warrant or
certificate. They passed through the town ot
South Bend, going south. The people of that town
supposed that they had not acted in conformity
with the law, and they rallied and brought them
back before a judge of unimpeachable integrity
and character. That judge, sitting in the court-
house of the town, decided that, the claimants
having no writ to hold them, these persons were
not legally in their custody or keeping. An attempt
was then made to arrest them legally, and in the
excitement which would naturally ensue in a com-
munity not so friendly to the institution of slavery
as to concede that persons could be carried off
without certificate or warrant or anything else,
from one State to another upon the mere volition
of any party choosing to take them—in the mehe
and excitcment which ensued the negroes escaped.
The parties charged with aiding in their escape
were brought before the United States court, and
by the severe ruling of that court damages were
obtained against them under the fugitive slave
law for the assessed value of the slaves; when
they were only attempting, honestly, to have these
persons act in accordance to what they believed to
be the commonest principles of justice and th,e
law of the land. They have been suffering from
executions upon their property ever since. I fee],
sir, that at the bar of God they would not b.e hela
guilty for what they have done. They brought
those persons back, notHay a forcible act to turn
them loose, but to take them before a judge sitting
there to decide the question whether they were or
not legally held; and it being decided that they
were not, a scene of confusion ensued, aggravated
by the extraordinary manner in which they had
been carried off from Michigan without writ or
warrant, and they escaped.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Were they not con-
victed under the law?
Mr. COLFAX. Judgment was rendered against
them for the value of the negroes, under the rul-
ings of the United States court.
Mr. NIBLACK,* My only object in referring
to the case was to correct the statement made by
my colleague; In the State of Indiana there is, and
always has been, a disposition promptly to punish
any who shall attempt to violate any of the laws
of the land
Mr. CURTIS. I was asked if anybody iij Iowa
had attempted to prosecute John Brown. I do
understand that he passed through the State of
Iowa with slaves which he took from the State of
Missouri; but he dfd so clandestinely. He did
not show the slaves, but kept them covered up in
wagons. He went to Tabor, the place of all others,
in my district, where the people would be most
likely to sympathize with the slaves, and where
they are most extreme in regard to this question
of slavery; but they uniformly disapproved and
denounced the conduct of John Brown, when he
made that foray into Virginia.
Mr. REAGAN. To return from this desultory
debate, 1 desire to inquire whether all the ele-
ments which have been acting against the Repub-
lican party were justified m continuing their
resistance to that party, and to the organization of
this Hou.se, with the ultimate purpose of inquir-
ing if there were no means by which this com-
mon purpose could be put into execution. We
have been drawn into a colloquy which relates to
individual transactions, and especially in lefer-
_ once to misdoings by citizens, of the two sections
j of the Union; but I shall not refer to them exten-
j sively. I have no idea of going into particulars,
I bat only of referring to those great, general, lead-
[ ing facts which impress the public mind as to the
! condition of political sentiments among the Re-
j publicans in the fiee States. It has been urged
j by the gentleman from Iowa, in excuse for im-
; peding the execution of the fugitive slave law,
j that the free States have done it only in vindica-
; don of the writ of habeas corpus. 1 propose to state
1 some facts to show that some other motives must
| have actuated them than a mere desire to vindi-
I eate the writ of habeas torpus. The gentleman
from Ohio has spoken fairly for himself, as I
stated before, but there is an incident which seems
to have escaped his attention. To that I wish to
call his attention. I Irani that lately the supreme
court of Iowa liberated a slave who was pursued
by his owner, from a man who*properly attempted
' to capture him. An appeal was taken to the
Federal Court, and the Federal Court reversed the
