1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
spocted, he shall be subject to a penalty. Surely
I think the Senator from Florida can discover no
wrong in that, unless he is disposed to let the ship-
pers spread broadcast among those who may want
to use this fertilizer, certificates that apply to other
guanos that have been analyzed.
Mr. YULEE. I would prefer to leave it to the
States to protect their own citizens from the effect
of such a fraud.
Mr. HAMLIN. Why not under all your rev-
enue laws leave it to the States ? _ The idea of
leaving it to a State to punish a violation of the
revenue laws of the United States, passed by Con-
gress and extending over all the States, seems to
me a novel one, indeed.
Mr. YULEE. You do not propose to derive
anv revenue from this?
Mr. HAMLIN. None whatever.
Mr. YULEE. I would protect the United
States against offenses which looked to the dimi-
nution of its revenues, to defrauding the Govern-
ment of those revenues; but when you come to
act upon the citizens of a State for what the State
may or may not choose to make criminal, when
it is not necessary to the protection of the reve-
nues of the Government at all, I would prefer to
consider it. I do not wish to enlarge the crim-
inal jurisdiction of the United States, to increase
the number of Federal offenses, any further than
is absolutely necessary for the execution of Fed-
eral jxiwers. That is the point. To the general
scope of the bill I have no objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. I take it not; and I think the
Senator's objection is entirely hypercritical. He
surely could not frame a law which would allow
a State to intervene, and undertake to tell what
are the penalties for violating a law of the United
States. The thing is preposterous.
Mr. YULEE. No; but the States can do this:
they can punish a man for selling guano within
their limits, under a false pretense of purity, when'
it is not pure. They can do that, if they choose.
Mr. HAMLIN. The third section of this bill
allows guano from all these islands discovered by
our citizens, to be carried to foreign, as well as
domestic ports. The parties interested, so far as
I have been able to learn—those using and those
shipping—are in favor of that section, because it
is found that guano upon some of the islands arid
keys that have been discovered, is possessed of
those fertilizing powers that adapt it much better
to the soils in foreign countries, while the guano
upon other islands and keys is much better adapted
to ours. There is more phosphate in the one;
there is more ammonia in the other; and as the
one or the other preponderates, so it is adapted
to this or that soil. Indeed, the restriction in the
original law seems without any well-founded rea-
son, and the committee were unanimously of
opinion that if these deposits are discovered, if
we receive from other islands, let our commerce
participate and carry this to foreign countries, if
they find it beneficial so to do.
But it was objected by myself that throwing the
revenue laws overplus matter as the second section
did, might involve the necessity of placing reve-
nue officers "at these islands and keys: and to ob-
viate that, the last and fourth section of the bill
was drawn under instructions received from the
Treasury Department: and that provides that the
shipper of the gfiano may bring it to any port he
pleases in the United States, and from that port
clear to a foreign port, or he may ship it directly
to a foreign port at which an American consul or
commercial agent may reside, and that commer-
cial agent shall indorse upon his manifest, two
copies of which the master is bound to transmit,
an indorsement in the nature of a clearance. One
of those manifests is to be returned to the Depart-
ment here, the other is to be retained by the master
of the vessel to operate in all its parts asaclearance
of the vessel would if she cleared from a port in
tin; United States.
These are the provisions of the bill, and all
parties are in favor of it; and there are, if it shall
become a law. as I have said, a very large num-
ber of vessels—I am told more than forty—now
laying in readiness to participate in the trade, if
it shall be open to our commerce, to go to foreign
parts. I hope there will be no objection to con-
sidering the bill; and 1 trust it will receive the
favorable consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill seems to me to be ob-
scure in regard to the provisionsfor inspecting the
guano. Is the guano to be carried only to those
ports where an inspector of drugs has been ap-
pointed ? Cannot they enter it anywhere else ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Anywhere else.
Mr. HUNTER. If they enter anywhere else,
it is to'be landed without inspection.
Mr. HAMLIN. -Yes, just as it is now.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill provides that be-
fore it shall be entered it shall be inspected. The
bill says:
Before the same shall be passed through the custom-
house where entered, it shall be examined and analyzed
at such ports as shall be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, so as to ascertain the proportions and purity of
its component parts.
That is to say, if I understand it, the Secretary
of the Treasury is to designate the ports at which
it is to be entered, and there it is to be analyzed.
There is nothing m the bill to make it compulsory
on the inspectors of drugs to analyze it, and if
they analyze it, what arc to be the fees r Are they
to do it for nothing?
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will look a lit-
tle further in that section, he will see, " under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall direct," and the Secretary of the
Treasury, as will be seen by the papers accom-
panying the bill, proposes to have it done by the
inspectors of drugs.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to be authorized, under his general power,
to add to the duties of the inspectors of drugs, and
that without additional compensation, or is he to
be allowed to say what shall be the fees, or is it
to be given to him to say that it shall be entered
at certain ports, and notatothers? Supposethcy
bring a cargo to Norfolk, in my State; a great deal
of it is used in my State; there is no inspector of
drugs there. If I understand this section, it can-
not be entered at all until it has been analyzed.
How is that form to be complied with ? Who is
to analyze it? Who is to pay for analyzing it?
What is he to get ? It seems to mo that that sec-
tion is not well drawn: it is not specific enough.
It does not define the duties of the shipper or of
the officers at the ports, with sufficient distinct-
ness, or else it leaves to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury such powers as have never been vested in
him before—legislative powers. To the other
provisions of the bill I do not object; but to this,
unless it is to be more accurately defined, I have
objection, because it will restrict the shipment of
guano to certain ports, or else ^est this indefinite
discretion in the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state m a word what is
my understanding, and what, I think, was the
express understanding of the committee which
reported it. The parties interested, for the pur-
pose of protecting purchasers from being imposed
upon by an impure article, an adulterated article,
asked that there should be an inspection. Every-
body would see the propriety* of it, where it
could be done, but if we were to add to our
revenue officers, inspection officers of guano in all
the ports of the country, it would very materially
add to the collecting force, and very much to the
expense of collecting the revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that all that
is so; and therefore the provision ought not to be
here. The States appoint inspectors of guano.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand it all. We con-
sulted the Secretary of the Treasury on this point
as to what could be done. The Secretary said
that at the ports where there were now inspectors
of drugs, this duty can be imposed upon them,
and there would he no additional expense. We
are entitled to all of their time.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator state to me
by what law we can impose that duty upon the
inspectors of drugs ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I think by the same law that
we could, if we were to change the revenue laws
and add another drug to the drugs now enumer-
ated to be inspected. I take it that in the collec-
tion of your revenue, every officer m the Depart-
ment is bound to discharge the duties that-are
placed upon him by the existing laws and laws
that we may pass.
Mr. HUNTER. But this law does not impose
it upon him. Could the Secretary of the Treas-
ury make him inspect tobacco if imported t
Mr. HAMLIN It does not impose a punish-
ment on the inspector, but only upon the person
who falsely uses the certificate.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not speaking of the pun-
ishment; but, I ask, could the Secretary of the
Treasury add it to the duties of inspectors of
drugs, to inspect tobacco?
Mr. HAMLIN. Clearly. I have not an earthly
doubt about it. '
Mr. HUNTER. I think not.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have an import and the
right to have it inspected. I have no doubt we
could impose it on the inspectors of drugs. The
embarrassment was this: if we required it to be
inspected at every small port, wc should find two
difficulties—first, the difficulty of finding a well-
qualified person at many of the sma¥. ports; sec-
ondly, if you could find them at all, it would add
materially to the expense of the collecting depart-
ment. Then we consulted the Secretary of the
Treasury. He said to us: let there be an inspec-
tion at ports where there are now by law in-
spectors of .drags, and let the duty be placed on
them. It is in answer to the suggestion of the
Secretary of the Treasury that we .have placed
this duty on the inspectors of drags. They un-
derstand at that Department, I presume, very well
whether they have a right to impose additional
duties on these officers. I have no doubt about
it; and if they do not want to hold their offices,
let them resign, and others will be found equally
competent to discharge them.
The bill is, that the Secretary of the Treasure
shall designate such ports as he pleases. He will
designate such ports as there are now inspectors
of drugs at; not others. Therefore, at all other
ports, the guano will be imported as it now is.
You will get some protection against an adulter-
ated article by providing for an inspection at some
six or eight of your ports. I am not able to state
where the inspectors of drugs all are; but I think
they are at Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Bal-
timore, Charleston, and New Orleans. I tbink
there is none at Mobile; but I think they are at
the ports I have named. You have inspectors
there; and, so far as you get a protection, you
will get it on the guano imported into those ports,
and you get it without additional expense. That
is my understanding of the section. If there is
any obscurity about it, I concur with the Senator
from Virginia, let us remove it. I do not think
there is the slightest difficulty about placing the
additional duty on tlio inspectors of drugs. I have
no sort of doubt about that.
Mr. MASON. I think the Senator fj'om Maine
would act judiciously in allowing this bill to go
over until we can examine it further. I do not
mean to interpose at all between that Senator and
the chairman of the Committee on Finance as to
its financial view; but, as I read it, it involves a
total departure from the policy on which the law
of 1856 was based; when, for the first time, a law
was passed authorizing the President of the Uni-
ted States to take possession, and, as it were, to
annex to the United States guano islands that
might be discovered derelict; and I am rather dis-
posed to think, although I may misinterpret the
bill, that whatever the design was, the effect of it
will be to give advantages to commerce by the pro-
visions of this new bill over the interests of agri-
culture. The law of 1856, as shown upon its face,
provided that wherever it should appear to the
President that any island having deposits of guano
might be discovered by citizens of the United
States, and the President should be satisfied, from
evidence to be exhibited to him, that (hey were
not in possession of, or claimed, according to my
recollection of the law, by any foreign Power—in
other words, w here they were islands which were
not owned or claimed to appertain to any foreign
Power—then the President might, under the stip-
ulation contained in the law, by proclamation,
declare such islands to appertain to the United
States; and it provided, in order to give effect to
the act, the President might, if necessary, use the
whole military and naval force of the country for
the purpose.
It was a law that was drawn with a great deal
of care at the time; and it was reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, after many con-
ferences with the executive branch, to endeavor,
as far as we could, whilst running some risk of
embroiling us with foreign Powers m taking pos-
session of desert islands, to avoid as far as prae-
