1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
tm
No. 199- Hence the proper motion would now
be to strike out section three, I hope, therefore,
that the amendment proposed by the committee
will not be adopted, and I win then move to
strike out section three. The matter proposed to
be substituted by the Committee on Public Lands
has already passed both Houses.
Mr. PUGH. Not passed both Houses.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; it has passed the
Senate and the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment reported by
the committee.
Mr. PUGH. It may be struck out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to strike out the
third section.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
LEMUEL "WOItSTER.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to consider,
and I think it will take but a single moment, a
motion to reconsider a bill which passed here some
two or three weeks .since. The motion was sub-
mitted by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Fitz-
patrick.] It is a case granting a little pension
of eight dollars a month to a man who is now
deaf, dumb, and blind. The bill has three times
passed the Senate, and twice the House. I ask
that we may take up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I made the motion to
reconsider at the instance of my colleague, who I
believe, it is generally known to the Senate, is
opposed to pensions generally. I know nothing
of the facts myself. I was regarded as voting in
the affirmative, and made the motion at the sug-
gestion of my colleague. I regret that the state of
his health is such a-, to prevent him from being
here. He fully understands this question. All
I can say, is I shall be content to have the bill re-
considered, and let the Senate dispose of it as they
think proper.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have waited a long time for
the Senator's colleague, who is sick, to come here-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to consulcr the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 395)
for the relief of Lemuel Worster wag passed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on reconsidering the vote by which the bill
was passed.
The motion was not agreed to.
E. GEORGE SQUIER.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 ask the Senate to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 511) for the relief of E. George
Squier.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
entertain the motion only by unanimous consent.
The Chair bonis no objection.
Mr. YULEE. As the Senator has the floor, I
will not object to this case; but I wish to^give
notice, in order that 1 may not he considered un-
friendly to whoever maybe the next mover—and
I do not know who he may be—that I must ob-
ject in all cases hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, the bill will be considered as before
the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 511)
for the relief of E. George Squier, of New York.,
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay uf
E.George Squier, of New York, the sum of $9,937,
in full, for outfits to the Republics of Central Amer-
ica, and balance of salary due him as minister 6f
the United States to those Republics.
Mr. POLK. I stated this morning that I should
feel myself in duty bound to move an amend-
ment to that bill, striking out 44 §9,937," and
inserting " $4,500." I will remark that this
claim was before the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate at the last session of the Sen-
ate, and the committee reported a bill in favor of
Mr. Squier for $4,500. The case has comc before
that committee again at the present session, and
the committee have repoited back to the same
effect. I Will notgo into the matter. I will merely
state that 1 can vote for §4,500, which was the
sum reported by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. They agreed to report that, much in favor
of Mr. Squier, and for that much I can go; but I
cannot consent to go for $9,937.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
amend the bill by striking out" $9^937," and in-
serting " $4,500."
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope thatamcndmenlwill
not prevail. If it does prevail, I think Mr. Squier
will not receive what other persons have received
under similar circumstances. "What he asks, I
believe, has not been refused in a single case.
The precedents up to his case are uniform; and
now there is a law that would grant him all that
this bill would grant him, and more, too, if he
came within the law; but the law is not retroact-
ive,, and he cannot take advantage of it. If it
were, he could go to the Department and have
the accounts readjusted without the necessity of
coming to Congress, and obtain a larger amount
than is to be paid to him now.
Mr. Squier was sent to Guatemala, and was ac-
credited to four other Republics of Central Amer-
ica. He was instructed to negotiate treaties, to
adjust the claims of American citizens, and to
investigate the practicability of an inter-oceanic
communication at Nicaragua. He did all these.
He did them greatly to the satisfaction of the
Government. He negotiated four treaties. He
caused the San Juan river to be surveyed—a pre-
liminary survey—and he paid the cost of it him-
self. The Government never appropriated any-
thing for it, but it was done in obedience to the
orders of the Government. He came home here
with the highest approbation of President Taylor;
and when his accounts were settled, he was paid
up to the time when he left Nicaragua on leave;
but the salary from that time to his rccnll was
never paid—amounting to the odd hundred dollars
mentioned m the bill. Ihopu—as everybody else up
to Mr. Squier stands on the precedent, ami every-
body elsyy&fter him stands on the law—the Sen-
ator fronrMissouri will not allow this poor fellow
to be crushed between the law and the precedent.
If he had been a hale before, he would have had
it by precedent; and if a little after, he would
have had it by the law, and would not have been
obliged to comc here. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. BRAGG. Perhaps it is a little late in the
day to talk about establishing precedents; but I
think we have made bad piecedi.nts enough in
relation to these extra allowances; and having
looked this morning into the report made by the
committee of this body, I am very cleat ly of the
opinion that the Senate ought not to pass this bill
as it comes from the House—allowing $9,900. I
shall be willing, for one, to vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Missouri, which
is intended, according to the report of the com-
mittee, to pay Mr. Squier about -what they sup-
posed to be a fair compensation, without rcgaid
to any outfit for his services in going to some of
these petty South American States. "We have
iiad precedents, I admit, where our foreign min-
isteis have been sent to a particular Court, and
they have been required subsequently to go to
another, and there to represent the Government,
to make them liberal allowances. I think we
have gone too far in that respect. In some in-
stances they have beenallowed full outfits amount-
ing to large sums; and these are now quoted as pre-
cedents, and wc are appealed to here to allow this
claim because we have allowed it to others. It
is time we were going back; but this case is not
a parallel case with some others for which these
allowances have been made.
What are the facts in relation to this claim ?
Mr. Squier, the petitioner, was sent as minister to
one of these petty South American States. He
was accredited to some four or five of them. That
was done before he left the country. He under-
stood, when he accepted this appointment and
accepted his commission, that his duties would
require him to go to these little petty States which
were adjoining. He went out, therefore, with
that understanding. He received his outfit, and
he received his salary.
Mr. ANTHONY. If he went with that un-
derstanding, he certainly went with the under-
standing that he should receive the same compen-
sation that all his predecessors had, under the
same circumstances.
Mr. BRAGG. By no means, Mr. President;
I deny that entirely. I deny that any man who
goes out, uftfer those circumstances, has a right
to ask this Government to pay him a full outfit,
as he claims here. Now, sir, thertf w,ere four of
these little States to which he received letters of
credit besides the one to which he was sent; and
he asks for |tn outfit in each one of those cases.
It is true the committee of the House have only
allowed him half that amount—-$4,500 for two of
them, instead of $4,500 for the four, which would
have amounted to $18,000, which he claimed in
his petition. He went out there with letters of
credit to these different States. He knew very
well what duties were imposed on him when he
went out; whereas, I suppose, Mr. Marsh, whos£
case was passed the other day, when he was sent
to Constantinople, did not know that he was to
be sent to another place. I suppose Mr. Pendle-
ton and Mr. Schenck did not know that they
would be required to go to other Courts. The Sen-
ator near me [Mr. Pearce] says they certainly
did not; but they were subsequently required to
leave their duties, and go to another country, to
attend to other business. Now I say, in this case,
Mr. Squier knew perfectly well he would have
these duties to perform when he went to Central
America. 1 admit he may have been put to some
inconvenience. I admit he may have been put to
some additional expense; and for that, the com-
mittee of this body thought proper to allow him
§4,500. I think he ought to be satisfied with that.
Now, as for the balance of the salary which is
claimcd here, and which is said to be due, I do
not know anything about it; but in looking over
the report, I can get no information in relation to
it. There is nothing from the Department in re-
lation to it. All that I find here is,that when he
came back, Mr. Webster, then Secretary of State,
refused to allow him anything else; and another
Secretary) it is stated, who succeedcd Mr. Web-
ster, did not think proper to overrule Mr. Web-
ster's decision in the premises. I think,sir,that
$4,500 is all that Mr. Squier is entitled to, and
with that he ought to be content.
Mr. AsNTIiONY. I will ask the Secretary to
read a letter from the Secretary of State.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of State, Washington,
April 12, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the rccoipt of
your note of the 7th instant, inclosing the memorial of Mr.
E. George Squier, setting forth the nature and extent of
Ins services in L'enual America, whd&t res>Ming there in a
diplomatic character, and applying fni a sum erjual ;to the
outfit of a charge d'affaires to each of the Republics to
which he was accredited, and w/th which lie opened rela-
tions.
In compliance with your request that the Committee oft
Foreign Allairs be furniahed with &.uch evidence ielating
to said services as  mj bo affoided by the files of thfct office,
1 have to communicate the following data :
Mr. Squier was com missioned as charge d'affaires of the
United States to Guatemala on the 2d ApiH, 1649, during
the lecesa of Congress, which appointment was duly con-
tinued by the Senate, in March, 1850
Beside the letter ot credence which was furnished to
him m hi* character of chaiged'afiauo to Guatemala, Mr.
Squier was formally acci edited to the Republics ot San Sal-
vador, Nicaragua, Costa Uicn, and Ilomhnas, b) separate
letters to the Ministers of Foreign AfiMrsof those Govern-
ments, which credentials were or'the same scope and effect
as that addressed to the Minister of Foreign Affairs at Guat-
emala.
The President also conferred upon JrTr. 'Squier, in due
form, full and separate powers to negotiate treaties With
the Governments of Guatemala, San Salvador, Nieaia'gua,
Honduras, and Uo*ta ltiea. With the first lour'of these itc-
pubhes Mr. Squier concluded important treaties, two of
which were submitted by the President to the Senate for
ratification; one of the others was withheld only beeaube
it had been anticipated by a difleient negotiation, and tha
fouith for political reasons. Mr. Squier's services in Ccn-
tial America were regaided by the President and by the
Department as of great importance and value, at a most in-
teiesting juncture of oui relation^ hi that quarter, and espe-
cially in connection with the negotiations which were going
on here at the same time with Great Biitain. He Was in- _
formed on the 2.">th October, 1849, that "the President lias
been gratilied with the intelligence and activity evinced"
by him; on the &)th November, tlmt the Department
" justlv appreciated hi*? energy, zeal, and ability," and be
was "especially thanked for the valuable information conr
tamed m his dis-patches.'* On the 7th May, 18o0, lie was
told that his conduct in the negotiation of the treaty with
Nicaragua, which was the gieat business of his minion,
has been highly approved by his Government." In reply
to an application for leave of absence, the Department
stated to him that <k the energy and zeal which he had ex-
hibited iu the public service, and the state of bis health en-
titled him to it." Mr. Squici accordingly came home under
that leave; whilst heie, a new Administration was organ-
ized, and he was superseded.
The piecedcnt-* rcfeired to in the memorialorMf. Squier
are pertinent to his application. The "lettersof credence"
and " full powers"' bestowed upon the functionaries named,
were documents of precisely the same character as those
hereinbefore mentioned as furnished to Mr. Squier.
