2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. GROW. The same question came up in
the last Congress, and the Speaker decided that
an adjournment dispensed with all further pro-
ceedings under the call.
Mr. MILLSON. I am very well aware of that;
and I am also aware that our worthy and very
competent clerk, in his work on the Rules of the
House, gives the opinion that all proceedings in
the call are terminated by an adjournment; but
that opinion, expressed by Mr. Speaker Orr, was,
I am sure, an ill-considered one; and I have the
assurance that the opinion expressed by our
clerk in his book was given merely because a sim-
ilar opinion had been thrown out by the Speaker,
without meeting the sanction or judgment of Mr.
Barclay himself There is really no reason in the
world why this House shall not direct absentees
to be brought to the bar at its next meeting. If
they have incurred a forfeiture, they owe the pen-
alty of that forfeiture, and we can exact it at any
time. At all events, I think it would be better
that this question should be properly settled. I
think it would be better that the motion I suggest
should be adopted, even if it should have the ef-
fect of a total abrogation of the call. I presume
the object sought to be accomplished by the call
has already been secured. •
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if it is his opinion that the adjournment
of the House would do away with the call ?
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. That seems to be the appre-
hension of members. Now, I will suggest that
even if, by the adjournment of the House, these
absent members would be discharged, yet we
could take a recess for one hour, without produc-
ing any such effect; and if this call is to be per-
sisted in, I would like to have a recess for that
time, while the Sergeant-at-Arms is employed in
runningdown these delinquents; and in the mean
time we could go home and get our dinners, and
come back in time for them to be presented at the
bar of the House.
Mr. GROW. I will say to the gentleman from
Alabama that the object of the call, as I under-
stand it, is to compel the attendance of a quorum;
and if we allow those that are here to go away,
how are we going to get it?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no difficulty about
it. If we take a recess, when we meet again those
genllemen will he here. The Journal will show
who are the absentees; and we can ta'lce them up
and try them one by one, just as I have seen the
gentleman from Pennsylvania tried.
Mr. GROW. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
He never saw me tried.
Mr. HOUSTON. Nor you me.
Mr. GROW. I have seen the gentleman have
a very narrow escape.
Mr. FLORENCE. The doors of the House
must be closed by the rules of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ah, well; if the rules of the
House close the doors, I withdraw my proposi-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. If we take a recess, and
throw open the doors of the House, nothing will
come out of this call; we might just as well ad-
journ at once.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion for a
recess is not in order. It has been expressly de-
cided that it is not in order for the House to take
a recess during a call of the House, and for that
reason the Chair overrules the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia. If it is out of order to take
a recess during the call of the House, it is also
out of order for the House to adjourn during a
call, with the understanding that the call is to be
continued. The question is on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.j
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms was accordingly dis-
patched in search of the absent members.
Mr. BRANCH. I now renew my motion that
all further proceedings in the call be dispensed
with; and on that motion I call for the yeas and
nays. We have got to remain here while the Ser-
geant-at-Arms is gone after the absentees; and we
might as well spend our time in this as in any
other way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to inquire whether the
Speaker of the House is reported as on the list of
absentees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that it is not usual to call the name of the
Speaker. The arduous duties devolved upon the
Speaker during a protracted session makes it ne-
cessary that he should sometimes be absent from
the House.
Mr. GROW. I presume he is with Governor
Winslow, attending to the national courtcsics.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Branch; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
34, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Avery, Babbitt, Beale, Boteler, Brab-
son, Branch, Buflinton, Clopton, John Cochrane, Curry,
Davidson, Etherldge, Florence, Gartrell, Gilmer, John T.
Harris, Hatton, Hoard, Ilolman, Houston, William How-
ard, Landrum, Maynard, Millson, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Pendleton, lteagan, iloyce, Wil-
laim N. II. Smith, Thomas, and Wright—34.
NAYS — Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrhh, Ashley,
Bingham, Bristow, Burlingam*, Butterfield, Carey, Carter,
Colfax, James Craig, Delano, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Grow, William A.
Howard, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg,
ICiilinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mars-
ton, McKean, Moorhead, Perry, Cluarles, Christopher Rob-
inson, Ruffin, Schwaitz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spinner,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Vance, Van
Wyck, Verree* Wade, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Weils, Windom, and Woodruff—57.
So the House refused to suspend further pro-
ceedings under the call.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. TOMPKINS stated that he was unwell
and unable to attend longer, and asked to be ex-
cused for the night.
No objection being made, Mr. Tompkins was
excused.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, asked to be excused
for forty minutes, for the purpose of going home
to get his dinner, and returning.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that the
motion was not in order, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SPINNER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to excuse his colleague, Mr. Pal-
mer, who was away in consequence of sickness
in his family.
No objection being made, Mr. Palmer was
excused.
Mr. FOSTER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to excuse his colleague, Mr. Somes,
who was absent from the city.
Objection was made.
Mr. DAVIDSON asked that his colleague on
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, Mr. Tiieaker,
be excuscd on account of indisposition.
No objection being made, Mr. Tiieaker was
excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses the gentleman from Louisiana would like
to have a reconsideration in his own case, of the
vote excusing him. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Case is sick, I be-
lieve. [Cries of " Oh, no; that will not do;" and
laughter.]
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I move again to bo
excused for forty minutes. I did not feel well
yesterday, and perhaps ought not to be here to-
day. I only desire to go home for the purpose
of getting something to eat, and then to return to
see the remainder of this farce out.
Mr. FLORENCE. If this is a farce, I suppose
we shall have a tragedy by and by. I am very
willing lo excuse everybody, except myself. I
would let all the rest go home, and then I would
follow them. [Laughter.J I have been here since
cloven o'clock this morning, in the performance
of my duty, and I think it is time the House
should adjourn. There is plenty of time to debate
the subject, if the gentleman so desires. He may,
if he wants to, go on with his remarks for sixty
minutes. If he does go on for an hour, I want to
inform him that I will take as long to answer him.
It is unusual to begin on occasions of this kind
with a farce, as has been done in this instance;
but, however that may be, I am sure that we will
have the heavy tragedy before long. I am will-
ing that gentlemen should enjoy the fun, in which
I know most of us have participated, but when
we have a little of that which draws tears from
our eyes, I hope that the gentleman from Ohio
will not leave us. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I am a new mem-
ber here, and I do not know how far this thing
will go. I have a valid reason, I think, for ask-
ing to be excused. I was sick yesterday, and I
am not well to-day. I have been here sincc eight
o'clock this morning, without having anything to
eat. All I desire now is, that I may be allowed
to go out and get something to eat, in order that
I may not get sick again. I promise to return to
the Hall, and to learn, as well as I can, all that
may transpire in the further prosecution of this
proceeding.
IVJr. FLORENCE. You must stay to learn
everything.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. My friend from
Pennsylvania says that he was never ill, and that
he never will be.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no, sir; not me. Iam
sick sometimes.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. If he is never sick
he can manage to stay during these long sessions.
I am not very well. I have been sick for a day
or two. I have been here for many hours, with-
out anything to eat. I want to learn all that goes
on here; and in order that I may continue well
enough to stay, I want something to eat.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio will be excused.
Mr. BRANCH. We are calling the House for
a quorum. It appears to be the determination of
the majority to stay here until we do get a quorum.
Every member that we excuse, or who absents
himself, makes it necessary to bring in more of
the absentees for whom we have sent the Sergeant-
at-Arms, and it will make the time longer before
we can release ourselves. While I cannot object
to any gentleman who is sick going away, I must
object to any gentleman being excused for the
purpose of getting something to eat. Nobody is
suffering for the want of something to eat more
than I am.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let me make a suggestion
to the House. This morning we know what a
struggle the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
bcrne] made to fling out the Lincoln flag. I sug-
gest that he be allowed to exercise himself on that
subject now. What better time could there be?
[Laughter.] I am sure that we will remain here
to hear him, for if lie starts out with his speech,
being locked in, we are bound to stay until he con-
cludes,atanyrate. [Renewedlaughter.] Wehave
to stay here, and why should we not put our time
to the best use that we can? We will save an
hour of the time of the House if my suggestion
be followed; because my friend from Illinois will
get off that speech; and if not now, he will do so
when the House is in a condition to do business.
I move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that
the gentleman from Illinois may say all he wants
to in an hour about Lincoln, whoever he is.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not now in order. The question is on the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr Howard,] that
he be cxcused for forty minutes.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope the case of the gen-
tleman from Ohio will be disposed of. I want it
disposed of, because I desire to make an appeal
to the House on my own behalf, not to get some-
thing to eat, because if I were home, I could not
eat, but on account of sickness. I have been here
since eleven o'clock.this morning, and have been
constantly in my seat attending to the business
of the House, and it is now eight o'clock in the
evening. I have Jjeen unwell for several days
with the chills, and I have been taking medicine,
and for me to stay here longer may seriously en-
danger my health. As no business will be done
to-night—indeed, as no buisness can be trans-
acted—I would be obliged to the House if it would
give me leave of absence for the remainder of this
sitting. I do not make the appeal for the purpose
of getting anything to eat, but because I think
that my longer stay will injure my health.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Georgia is one of those who have re-
mained with us for the transaction of the public
business, and I hope that he will be excused from
further attendance.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I have a great
constitutional question to make. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUFFIN. Expound.
Mr. STEWART. It is agreat question; and
I should like to hear my friends from "Virginia dis-
cuss it. I understand that a certain number here
