.1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
tieabie any collision: with foreign countries in so
doingj and the consideration to be rendered to the
country was, that guano arriving from those isl-
ands, by the provision of the law, was to be cheap-
ened to the agriculturist. The prices are pre-
scribed in the law at which the guano should be
taken from such islands; and there was sedu-
lously guarded, a provision in the law that that
guano thus taken from such islands should be
sold only to citizens of the United States; and, in
order to give effect to that provision, it was stip-
ulated in the law that before it could take cffect
the discoverers should give bond and security to
the Government that they would confine their
sales to citizens of the United Stairs.
Then there is a further provision in that law,
and a very material one, which it is proposed now
to change by the bill reported by the honorable
Senator from Maine; and that further provision
-was, that the discoverers should not have the title
or exclusive right to take and use this guano, but
that they might do so at the pleasure of the United
States It vested no title in them, but gave them
the usufruct for the time being, liable to be re-
voked at the pleasure of the Government of the
United States.
Now, the bill proposed by the Senator is a de-
parture from that whole policy. It provides, in
the first suction, that when the bond is given and
accepted by the President, that shall be taken as
evidence in all the couits; that the island or rock
or key shall be considered as appertaining to the
United States; and further, it " shall' be held for
the exclusive right and use of said citizen or cit-
izens of the United States, or his or their assigns,
for the purpose of obtaining said guano;" that is
to say, it shall be evidence that the guano on that
island is held for the exclusive right and use of the
discoverers. That takes away the provision of
the law which declared it should be used by them
at the pleasure of Congress.
Tile third section repeals so much of tlx hnv of
J85(>us confines l lie sale of gun no to eiti&ens of the
United States. In the law of JbC>(>, which was the
first law passed on the .subject, the provision m
relation to the dominion or title over the- land was
only that when the Government had acted and
taken possession, &e., the island or key should be
considered" as appertaining to the United States;"
and it was futliter provided, in tins second section,
that the chst ovorers, being (itixens of the United
Slates,should be allowed, at the pleasure of Con-
f.iess, the occlusive right to occupy s,ud islands,
rocks,and Ijeys,for the purpose of obtain i ii^unno;
and, by n proviso m the same section,discoverers
Were required to give bond thai they' would sell
tins guano only to citizens of the United Stales;
and the price was fixed m (he law at which it
should b< delivered from the island.
Now, 1 do not menu to say that experience
may not havr shown that thi'ieis some propriety
in departing from tin* rigors of the law of IHjG;
but i do know that lite jaw of l^.">(> was based on
the opinion and belief, in which I participated,
that we could extend the dominion of the United
Statesoverislands under tile restrictions contained
tn that law, and run the risk of collision with for-
eign countries in maintaining the use of the islands
or the keys, for the great advantages that would
result to the agricultural interests of the United
States, m cheapening tin- guano, both of which
ni"" to bi« uk<-n away if the bill proposed by the
Senator parses. 1 have never had my attention
called to it until this morning. I see, in looking
at it, that it was only repnj led four days ngo, on
the ±2d of M.u eh, and I submit to htm that it
would bt lii-uer to let i!*L;o ovei for some further
consideration.
Mt. MALLORY. I am m favor of the bill,
with om <>r two exceptions. 1 should like to see
it puss; 1 think it m eminently called foi , but I
do iiot understand why this ro-tiiction is put in
the second section, in the eighth and ninth hues:
"at such poies as shall be designated by tbeSee-
retary of tin- Treasury."
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Florida will
&i\e way, I think this bill can be better matured
if we put U oil" to another day.
Mr. MALLORY. Veiy \\ejl,
Mr. GWL\. It s<'( ids to mc chat it is a very
important bill, and one m which my constituents
ha\ e the deepest possible interest. They can have
return cargoes if tins bill pusses, when they have
now to come back in ballast. I move that it be
postponed 
.Mr. MALLORY. I desire, before that is done,
to suggest an objection. I suggest that those
words be stricken out, and that we put in the
words "at the expense of the importer;" so as to
have the analysis made at his expense. That is
the only amendment I will suggest.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will interpose no objection
to the postponement of the bill after we have got
at the points which have suggested themselves to
various Senators. The restriction, I have already
stated—if the Senator from Florida will allow me
to call his attention to it—was putin to obviate
( the necessity of compelling the Secretary of the
| Treasury to designate inspectors at ail the ports
in the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. I will answer that in one
word. This bill confers the power on the Secre-
tary of tin- Treasury of making any port that he
! pleases a guano port, and of excluding any port
that he pleases from receiving cargoes of guano.
That is the effect of it. I do not wish any Secre-
tary to have that power. If you will make the
cargo pay the expense of the analysis, it makes
no difference where the cargo is entered That
removes the objection.
Mr. G WIN. I hope it will go over until Thurs-
day, and be made the special order for Thursday
at one o'clock.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 agree to that.
Mr. CLAY. Do not make it a special order.
Mr. GWIN. I am opposed to making special
orders, but let us have an understanding that we
can lake it up and pass it on Thursday. I will
simply make a motion to postpone it until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE TSILTjS llKJFKUREl).
The following hills from the House of Repre-
sents th es were severally i ead t.v'icf by their titles,
and refeired as indicated U'*Iow:
A bill (No. <&9) for the relief of William Brown
—to the Committee on Claims
A bill (No. 230) for the relief of Shade Callo-
way—to the Committee on Commerce.
A lull (No. 31) for ihej-elief of Charles Xinap
—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. &'U) for the reliefof Isaac S. Smith,
of Syiacuse, New Yotk—to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (No. 233) for the relief of the legal lvp-
rosentaliw's of ii\e decvased cleiks in the Phila-
delphia custom-house — to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (No. ,'2o.r>) for the reliefof congressional
township two north, of range nine west, of the
fourth pi mcipal meridian, in Adams county, State
of Illinois—to the Committee oil Public Lands.
A lull (No. 230) for th'1 relief of John Dixon—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. i239) for the relief of George P.
Jhotf—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A lull (No. SMJi) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Robert II. Morris, late postmaster
of the city of New York—to the Committee4 on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill (No. SH.r>) for the relief of Maryett Van
Cuskirk, heir of Thomas Van Buskirk—to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (C. C. No. for the luhef of Lydia
Frazeo, widowand administratis of John Frozee,
late of the city of New York—to the Committee
on Claims.
A bill (C. C. No. <fc>) for the reliefof Mariano
G. Vullep)—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (C. C. No. for the lehof of Charner
T. Scaile, administrator of Gilbert Stalker—to
the Committee on Chums.
A lull (C. <\ N<>. 1:2) for the iclief of Moses
Noble—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 1G) for the relief of Lot Hail—to
the Committee on Claims.
A bill (C. C. No. 96) for the reliefof William
Geiger—to the Commute on Claims.
Mr. 1VERSON. Those House bills which
are from the Court of Claims need not be referred
to the Committee on Claims. Those very bills
have all been before the Committee on Claims of
the Senate; have been reported back, and are now
on the Calendar. I move to reconsider the vote
referring them to the committee, and let them lie
on the table; and then, when the Senate bills come
up on the Calendar, we can substitute the House
bills for them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be made, that course will be taken with the
Courtjof Claims bills. Instead of being referred
to the Committee on Claims they will lie on the
table. ["Agreed."]
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) for the re-
lief of'the contractors of the Post Office Depart-
ment, was read twice by Us title.
Mr. YULEE. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to move
that that joint resolution be allowed to pass to its
third reading now. I will send to the Chair a
letter from the Post Office Department, which will
explain the object of the resolution, which is sim-
ply to enable them to use the incoming revenues
of the Department for the quarter about expiring
at the close of this month. It is only for this
quarter.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an appropriation bill,
and belongs to the Committee on Finance; but I
do not object to its being considered now, if the
Postmaster General desires it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which appropriates the accruing
revenues of the Post Office Department in part
payment of the contractors for carrying the maiis,
and of route agents, during the quarter ending the
31st of March, 18(>0, under the provisions of the
act of July 2, 1830.
The Secietary read the following letter:
Post Office Di'partmi;.\t, March 16, 1860.
Sik: As the usual appiopiuition bill loi tin- JJcpaifment
mnv not bo before payments become due under
contracts tor eanyin? the maiK (or tlic quaiter endmc 31st
ot M.ucli, octant, it nm&t be apparent to your committee,
and to that mail coiit,j.ieloi\-> will again suffer
much inconvenience, winch may, to some extent, be obvi-
ated bv authorizing the iNe of the acciumg revenues fiom
post oificc^. Contractors may thus receive a jrreat portion
of their pay, and, at the >ame time, the accumulation of
monejs in the hands of postmasters will be prevented.
Route agents should alsoho embraced. IW authunty ofthe
Po-tma^toi Geneial, I submit a (haft of a joint resolution,
embracing the above idea**, and have the honor to be your
obedient sei\aut, A. N. ZEVELi",
* Third v'hxistant Postmaster General.
Hon. 3c iii'yi,i- r Com- a.\, Ch'iirmun Committee on the JPost
Office and Po\t Roa>h. House of Representatives.
I j The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without, amendment.
;! Mr.GRKEN. 1 propose an amendment,to add
II these words; ''and perpetually thereafter."
!{ Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will not pro-
pose this amendment now. It will necessitate the
return of the bill to the House of Representatives,
and nrobably lead to opposition there which
woulcl prevent present action. If passed at all, it
is desirable that it should be passed at once,.so
that the necessary orders may be issued for the
payment of moneys from the hands of postmas-
teis to the contractors, &c.
Mr. GREEN. If the chairman of the Post
Office Committee thinks it witl embarrass this
bill at all, T withdraw the amendment; but that
is my settled opinion, and I shall press it at some
futuic time.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, antWpasscd.
V A MS N TISE WE UK IJ VU1.
\ Mr. POWELL. 1 move to take up the Senate
t bill No. 228. This bill proposes to increase the
i pension of Valentine Wehrheim, a soldier'who
I was wounded in the battle of Buena Vista, and in
| conscquence of his wounds is both blind and deaf.
J it is a case which appeals very strongly to the
I sympathies of the Senate.
I The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
r 2'Jd) for the relief of Valentine Wehrheim was
! read a second tune, and considered as m Commit-
: t< e of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Sec-
, rotary of the Interior to place the name of Valen-
j tine Wehrheim on the roll of invalid pensioners
i at the rate of sixteen doliais per month, from and
] after the 26th day of January, 18G0.
| Mr. POWELL. I arfk fur the reading of the
j report. It ia very brief, and presents the case.
■ [''Oh, no!''*] I withdraw my request for the
. reading ofthe report.
| Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
l striking out "sixteen dollars," and inserting
