3242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The information communicated to the Department by
the memorialist was of the mo.-t varied and important char-
acter. His dispatches were accompanied by maps, mem-
blrs, and sketches, illustrative of the geographical and
'physical, a* well us of the political, condition of the coun-
tries which he visited; and by lus contributions in these
rc p«ct?,as well as by his more immediate diplomatic func-
tions, he has largely promoted the existing relations be-
tween our own country arid Central America, and the
benefits legitimately lesulting therefrom.
I teturn herewith Mr. Squier's memorial, and have the
honor to be your obedient servant, LEW • CASS
Mr. POLK. It is due, in answer to the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, that I should say the
Committee on Foreign Relations had determined
not to follow the precedents that were referred to
in that memorial of Mr. Squier any further. They
have had several applications of that kind. They
"have made a report on all in accordance with the
principles upon which they have reported in the
ease of Mr. Squier. There is an application from
Mr. Pecden, who had been sent to Buenos Ayres,
I think, and then had been accredited also to the
Argentine Confederation. He claimed that he was
entitled to double pay. The committee have de-
termined, unless the Senate shall overrule them
in it, to pay the outfit avid salary to the country
to which the minister is sent, and then to pay him
full compensation for all his expenditures and ser-
vices in conducting relations with any other coun-
tries to which he may bo accredited. Beyond
that they have not been willing to go. That is
the position tiiey have assumed, and which they
intend to pursue, until the Senate shall overrule
the committee. I feel it due to them to say this
to the Senate, so that if the Senate shall give to
Mr. Squier more than the amount that has been
allowed by the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate, it will be a resolve on the part of
the Senate to return back again to these precedents
in the cases of Mr. Carr, Mr Pendleton, Mr.
Schcnck, and others, and will be pro tanto, so
far, a condemning of the rule upon which the
Committee on Foreign Relations have thought it
safest and best to act.
I do notknow what law it was that the Senator
referred to that would give him as much as this;
it may be one passed at the present session; but
I will state that there is a law in force, which,
however, the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate have not thought properly applicable
to services rendered outside of the country, which
expressly provides that a person who discharges
the duties of one public office shall not lereivc
compensation for additional duties of other offices.
That was in force at the time Mr. Squier per-
fonned this service. The Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate have not thought it best
to apply that rule, and did notthmk the law con-
templated the application of it to persons serving
the country in foreign stations and offices, and
they therefore adopted the rule upon which that
report was framed.
1 make these remarks so that the Senate may
vote on the question understanding the position
that the Committee on Foreign Relations have
taken in regard to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri, to strike out "#9,937," and insuit
" $4,500."
The question being put, on a division, there
were—ayes seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not a majority
of a quorum voting in favor of it, the amendment
is lost.
Mr. POLK. Perhaps the fairest course would
be to take the vote m the negative. I understand
the President to declare that the amendment is
lost because a majority of a quorum docs not vote
in Us favor. Perhaps the vote in the negative
will show that there is not a quotum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will still be lost.
Mr. POLK. Oh, no; it will not be lost.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not be
carried.
Several Senators. Let it go.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time.
Mr. BRAGG. I think it is desirable that we
should have this matter settled one way or the
other; and I ask for the yeas and nays on the pas-
sage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—JVIessr?. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Chesnut,
Clailc, Durkee, Fitzpatncfc, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Ilarlan,'
Hemphill, Latham, Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs. I3igler, Bragg, Cameron,-Davis, Doolit-
tle, Green, Hale, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugb, Wigfall, and Wilkinson—16.
So the bill was passed.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
Mr. RICE. I ask the consent of the Senate to
take up House bill No. 231. A motion was made
the other day to rcconsider the vote by which this
bill was sent to the Court of Claims, and then a
motion was entered to bring the papers back from
the Court of Claims, and I now ask the Senate to
take up the bill for present consideration.
Mr. YULEE. • Is it a case that is disputed ?
Mr. RICE. I do not know that it is. I be-
lieve it will create no discussion. 1 have nothing
to say on it myself.
Mr. YULEE. I hope it will be agreed by my
friend that he will give way if it leads to discus-
sion.
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. Very well.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of IsaacS.
Smith, of Syracuse, Ne\v York. It appropriates
the sum of $37,743 77, to be paid to Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, in the State of New York,
for his work and labor bestowed, for materials
furnished, and for expenses incurred, in attempt-
ing to build for the United States a light-houh.c on
the Horse Shoe reef, in the Niagara river, near
Fort Erie, in the province of Canada.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, i/ad the
third time, and passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. HEMPHILL and others addressed the
Chair.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, it is my duty to
call for the order. It is very unpleasant for me
to refuse the lequest of any gentleman. The Sen-
ator from Texas so seldom makes an appeal, I
feel very leluctantto interpose against hnn; and
if it if? a matter that will not lead to any debate, I
will give w.iy to him, but I cannot do ho again.
Mr. BROWN. 1 object to anything of that
sort. I object to making arrangements between
Senators to have measures brought foiwatd.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I move to take up the bill
of the House of Representatives No. 557.
Mr. MASON. I am reluctant to inlcifere with
business that Senators desire to bung up; but I
hope the Senator fiom Florida will call up the
bill we had under con-sideiation before the recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
entertain no other motion, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. YULEE. I hope, then, that we shall pro-
ceed with the business before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The billfJI.
R. No. 711) establishing certain post routes is
before the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts to
the amendment leported by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. Is the Senate ready
for the. question on the amendment to the amend-
ment '
Mr. GWIN. I call for the reading of it.
The Seeretai y lead it.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask for a division of that
amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I have some amendmenis to
offer to it.
^Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire is entitled to the flooi.
Mr. HALE. I ask that we may have a vote
on the first section of the amendment, which pre-
sents one simple question.
Mr. GREEN. I have an amendment to offer
to the first section.
Mr. GWIN. And I, also.
Mr. HALE. I only ask for a division.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I desire to
present a few facts to the consideration of the
Senate before they take a final vote upon this
proposition. Previous to the recess, the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who has quite a
reputation for being a careful guardian of the
Treasury, and who is anxious, upon all occasions,
to curtail unnecessary expenditures, made what
I" may justly denominate a furious onslaught
upon this amendment. Now, I want Senators
distinctly to understand that, when they vote for
the proposition submitted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, they are not increasing
the expenditures of the Government to the enor-
mous extent which the Senator from Georgia
would have them believe. I say, giving the widest
scope to this proposition, without any curtail-
ment during the first year, and the excess over
what you are now paying is only §187,724; and
the second year it is but $>387,724, as I will show
to this body.
You are now paying for the transportation of
the mail across the Isthmusof Panama, $100,000.
You cannot hope for any reduction of that sum.
This is a monoply. They charge the British Gov-
ernment for carrying this mail, small as it is,
across this Isthmus, the same as they charge the
Government of the United States; and they will
never lessen their price, so far as our Government
is concerned; because, the very moment they do,
they will have to do the same to the British Gov-
ernment; and as there is no other means of com-
munication between the two oceans at the present
time, they will continue to charge the same rate.
So long as that is the only route that is open be-
tween the two oceans for the carrying of the mail,
you may rest assured they will continue to charge
you that price. Therefore, you may regard that
as a fixed fact—$100,000 for carrying the mail
across that small strip of land between the two
oceans. You have got to pay $600,000 for car-
rying the mail over the " Buttcrfield line," as it is
generally denominated. There is no proposition
here to change that; and therefore you may re-
gaid it as a just charge upon your Treasury. You
have also a contract for carrying the mail be-
tween hero and Salt Lake City, which does not
expiie for two years, at $125,000. You have then
to pay $.53,276 for carrying the mail over that por-
tion of the San Antonio route which is left—that
is, between San Antonio and Camanche Springs,
the rest of the route having been done away with,
and the Department having cut this line down to
the lowest possible point, as it is carried only
semi-monthly, I believe, and in any way the con-
tractors see fit. Now, between Salt Lake City
and Placcrville the present contractor, Mr. Rus-
sell, the same gentleman who carries the mail be-
tween Salt Lake City and St. Joseph, carries the
mail in any manner he may see fit, semi-monthly,
for $33,000—a horse mail if he chooses.
Mr. GWIN. In eighteen days' time.
Mr. LATHAM In eighteen days, my col-
league says. Then, by the contract which just
expired, you pay $351,000; so that the total sum
is $1,262,270.
Mr. YULEE. The $351,000 includes the cross-
ing of Panama.
Mr. LATHAM. I think the Senator is mis-
taken about that. Is that included?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I am mistaken by
$100,000, and the correct aggregate is $1,162,276.
In this estimate the SenateVili see 1 have left off
the extreme northern route connecting the lakes
with Oregon and Washington Territories, be-
cause that is a new scheme, a new project, and
cannot be regarded as belonging to this chaige of
extreme extravagance, so far as the supplying; of
Oregon and California with mail service, at least,
is concerned. That makes, then, the total charge
upon the Government $1,102,276 at the present
time.
Now what kind of service have you got5 You
have got semi-monthly by ocean, and they inoy
carryVUjHn as many days as they please. 'There
is noTimitation as to time. They may carry
it in thiity, or foiiy, or fifty days, us they see
fit. You have a letter mail by the Buttcrfield
route that goes semi-weekly. Then you have a
semi-monthly contract over the San Antonio route,
between San Antonio and Comanche Springs, and
a semi-monthly contract, with thirty-eight days*
time, between St. Joseph and Salt Lake; the total
of winch amounts to $1,162,276.
Now, by this amendment there is appropriated
for the Buttcrfield route $600,000, and $600,000
for the first year for this service by the Salt Lake
route, between St. Joseph and Placcrville, which
