1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
mm
" twenty -four dollars.55 The man to whom this
pension is to be granted was a soldier in Colonel
Bissell 5s regiment, if I remember rightly—one of
the volunteers from the State of Illinois—and was
wounded by a shot through his body, cutting his
liver, at the battle of Buena Vista. The result of
that wound, according to the testimony of sur-
geons of the Army, and of surgeons who do not
belong to the Army, has been an entire destruc-
tion of his sight and almost an entire destruction
of his hearing. He has spent his entire fortune,
as the Committee on Pensions understand, in
trying to recover the fsonses of sight and hearing,
without any success: and it is now understood
that the testimony of the physicians is, that it is.
impossible for him to recover either of those senses.
He has a family, consisting of a wife and four
children. It is an exceptional case. Even the
Senator who reported this bill [Mr. Clay] was
willing to make this pension double the ordinary
amount. I was willing, as a member of the com-
mittee, to treble it very few such cases wiil
eveivbc presented to the Senate, and none hardly
that appeals so strongly to the sympathy, and, as
I believe, to the justice of this Body as this case.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the amendment will not
be adopted; and I am rather surprised that the
Senator has made the motion. I had supposed 
Mr. GRIMES. I will state, in explanation of
the reason why I made the motion, that the Sen-
ator from Alabama was not present at the meet-
ing of the Committee on Pensions this morning.
The question was discusscd there whether I
should make this motion, and I believe it had the
entire concurrence of every member then present.
Am I not right?
Mr. CLAY. I do not know. I was not there.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the members of the
committee who were present.
Mr. CLAY- According to the general law,
eight dollars a month is the highest amount al-
lowed as a pension to a private soldier. If there
are any cases in which Congress has exceeded
that amount, even though thedisability were total,
I cannot now recall one. This case was one, as
the Senator has remarked, that appealed very
strongly to our sympathies, because the man
seemed totally deaf and blind. The evidence was
persuasive, I would not say conclusive, of the
fact that he lost his hearing and his sight from
exposure incident to his service in the war with
Mexico. Under these circumstances I consented,
as one of the committee, that we should pay him
double the amount paid any other pensioner of
the same rank now drawing a pension from the
Treasury. The Senator now proposes to increase
it threefold, to twenty-four dollars, which is within
six dollars of the highest amount allowed by gen-
eral laws to any pensioner of the United States.
In other words, it is within six dollars of the
amount of one half the pay of a lieutenant colonel
under the old laws of the United States, which
was the maximum of pension allowed any pen-
sioner. Even allowing him sixteen dollars, I have
no doubt, will cause a multitude of applications
to us for increase of pension in other cases where
the amounf is inadequate to the support of the
invalids.
I presume it was not the intention of Congress
by a pension to provide ample support for the
pensioner or th^ invalid soldier, because it is ut-
terly absurd to talk about eight dollars a month
providing a man, his wife, and several children
with the means of subsistence. It was only in-
tended to provide for him individually, not for his
family; and perhaps in most of the United States
ninety-six dollars a year would be inadequate for
the support of a single individual, providing him
with his food and raiment.
The Senator, however, proposes by the amend-
ment to provide for the man, his wife, and his chil-
dren. I say this is a total departure from the policy
of our laws, will prove a very vicious precedent,
and will return to plague us habitually. We have
already during this session reported'against two
or three similar applications. They come in con-
tinually. I never yet have known or heard of a
pensioner who was content with his or her pen-
sion. AH of them maintain that they are wholly
inadequate, and all desire an increase of them;
and they will never cease to cry " give," as long*
as you afford such pretexts as this bill will offer.
I had hoped that the Senator would have saved
me the necessity of making these remarks, be-
cause I desired the bill to pass without debate, so
as to excite as little observation as possible; for I
know it will be the predicate for similar applica-
tions for increased pension before the close of this
session. If you agree now to raise this man's
pension to twenty-four dollars a month, you give
him within six dollars of the pension that Gen*
eral Scott would be entitled to, if he was to retire
and seek an invalid pension.
Mr. GRIMES, i think the Senator from Al-
abama is mistaken in regard to this being within
six dollars of the amount of pay that General
Scott would be entitled to if he should be placed
on the pension roll under similar circumstances.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator is wholly mistaken
himself. I am a little older soldier in the pension
service than he is; and I speak by the book. I
assure him that, under the general laws, the high-
est pension allowed any pensioner is thirty dol-
lars a month. We have made exceptional cases
here; for we have broken in on the whole pension
system; and the Senator himself has assisted in
doing so, and it is now no system at all—all a
matter of personal favoritism; but according to
the general laws, thirty dollars is the highest pen-
sion allowed to any one.
Mr. (jRIMES. The laws we have passed here
are exceptional cases; for every pension we have
granted exceeds, I believe, the amount of this pio-
posed pension, even with the addition of six dol-
lars to it. The Senator observed that I now pro-
pose to take care of the wife and children of this
applicant In that the Senator is mistaken. I
merely stated that this man had a wife and four
children, who were dependent on him for their
support; but it is the man who is deprived of the
important senses of hearing and of sight for whom
I propose to provide; and when he shall cease to
exist his pension ceases, and will not inure to the
benefit of his wife or of his children. The Sena-
tor stated, I think, that the evidence was persua-
sive and not positive as to the facts in this case.
Mr. CLAY. That is my impression.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to read from the
report made by the Senator himself:
That the evidence shows said Wehrheim served as a pri-
vate in the Mexican war; was disabled by wound-* received
at the battle ol Buena V ista by a musket ball parsing Unough
In.- bod>, winch has re^ulU't* in total nhndne^s, and almost
total doafne-& > that he Ls emnely disabled and disqualified
for making the least pos-sible support tot himself and a help-
less family.''
The Senator will observe that, in drawing this
report, he uses this expression in regard to the
helpless family, as well as myself in the state-
ment I made:
" The petitioner appeared before the committee, and they
are satisfied. Irora his appearance and from an inspection,
that he is not capable of attending to the ordinary functions
of life without assistance.
" Surqpons Bond and llomann, of the State of Illinois,
certified to be of good standing in their profession, and ci ed-
ible witnesses, te-tify that petitioner is entirely blind and
almo.-t entuely deaf, and, a*; they believe, from the effects
of a wound received duringr the Mexican war, and is totally
disabled.
"•John G. T. llolston, M. D , Professor of Suigt-'ry in the
National Medical Collegp, Washington city, D. C., states
that he ha-, e\anuned said Wehrheim, that he i-blind, par-
tially deaf, and in very precanous general health: that his
present state of disability is traeeablo to a gun-s-hot wound
thiough the liver, in the war with Mexico.
" Surgeon General Lawson. and Assistant Surgeon Coo-
lidge. United States Army, state that upon examination
' we find petitioner blind m both e>es, and deaf in both ,
eai , and tiom official papers, caused by a gun-shot wound !
received in the battle of 13 u eh a Vista, the bali having en- (
tered theugbtside in the legion of the liver, and passed out i
in the back.5 !
u They further say: i We have seen no case which ap- ,
peals with more force to our sympathies, or which deserves
in a lusher degree the favoiable consideration of the Con- 1
gress of the United States.5 " !
I have nothing further to add in behalf of the '
. . ° * i
petitioner. [
The amendment was rejected. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without ]
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third j
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate ad- j
journ. !
Mr. SL1DELL. I hope we shall have an ex- j
ccutive session. i
Mr. HALLO RY. Certainly; 1 will yield to that, j
EXECUTIVE SESSION. |
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro- !
eeeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were j
reopened, and the Seriate adjourned. i
HOUSE OF" REPRESENTATIVES. -!
Monday, March 26, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved. _ - - . -
ENROLLED BILL. , ' '
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, an. act
(H. R. No. 326) to establish mail routes ijn the
Territory of Kansas; when the Speaker signed the
same.
QUALIFICATION OS A MEMBER.
Hon. Clark B. Cochrane, Representative from
the eighteenth congressional district of the State
of New York, appeared and qualified by taking
the usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a personal ex-
planation. I am reported as having objected, on
Friday last, to House bill No. 255, for the relief
of the legal representatives of Thomas Williams.
I did not object to that bill, or to any other bill.
SAFETY 01? PASSENGERS ON STEAMERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire, to
give notice to the House that Hoiirp billNo. 114,
the consideration of which was postponed till to-
morrow, will be called up then. I have directed
the bill and accompanying report to be laid on
the desk of each member; and 1 hope an examin-
ation will be given to the bill, so that we may
take it up and pass it to-morrow.
WILLIAM M'CORMICK.
Mr. FOUKE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads made an adverse report on
Friday last on a bill for the relief of William Mc-
Cormick, which was laid on the table. I ask for
a reconsideration of that order, and to have the
subject recommitted to the same committee, with
additional evidence.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. James Buchanan, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that the
President had approved and signed bills of the
following titles:
An act(H. R. No. 331) to repeal the third sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to iacrease and
regulate the' terms of the circuit and district courts
for xhe northern district of the State of New
York," approved July 7, 1838; and
An act (H. R. No. 19) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," approved March
3, 1855, for the better protection of female pas-
sengeis, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, a joint
resolution for the relief of Commander H. J.
Hartstenc, of the United States Navy; when the
Speaker signed the same.
INTRODUCTION OP BILLS ON LEAYE.
The SPEAKER. The new rules require the
Speaker to call all the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills on leave, for reference
only, as the first thing in ordfer. Under that rule
the Speaker will have the States called. The
Speaker will have the rule read so that all the
members may see why the Chairplaces that con-
struction on "it. According to the construction
placed on it by the Chair, the call will be confined
to bills on leave.
The rule was read, as follows:
26. All the State* ami Territories shall be called for bills
on leave and lesoltitions on each alternate Monday during
each se^ion of (Jongiess; and, if necessary to secure the
object on said days, all le&olutions which ^hall give rise to
debate shall lie over for discussion, under the mips; of the
Hoim1 already established 5 and the whole of ^aid days
>halt he appropriated to bills on leave and resolutions, until
all the States and Tenitories are called through. And the
Speaker >dialifirht call the States and Territories. for bills on
leave ; and all bills so inlrodueed dining the fir^t hour after
the Journal is 1 cad shall be referred, without debate, to their
appiopnate committees: Provided, houerer, ThatablH&o
introduced and marred shall not be brought back into the
Hou>e upon a motion to reconsider."
The Speaker proceeded, under the above rule,
