1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would like, be-
fore I am called on to vote on any resolution for
excusing the gentleman, to be informed of the re-
freshmenthe procuredathislodgings. [Laughter.]
Mr. R1CE„ None to speak of. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I- must insist on
an answer to my question before I can vote to
excuse the gentleman.
M r. HOUSTON. I understand the prisoner
is not bound to criminate himself. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that, under the law passed three or four
years ago, the witness is bound to testify, even
if it criminates him. [Much laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Rather than pre-
cipitate such a difficulty, 1 will withdraw my
question.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move thatall who have
been reported by the Sergeant-at-Arms, be ex-
cused on payment of fees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on excusing the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWARD. I would like to know what
right we have to impose a fine upon the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, when he states that he
was not arrested at all ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On the ground
that he was absent without the leave of the
House.
It was ordered that Mr. Rice be excused on
the payment of fees.
The Sergeant-at-Arms reported as present,
Messrs. Pettit, Pryor, and Fouke.
Mr Wilson having been presented by the
Sergeant-at-Arms,
The SPEAKERpro tempore said: Mr. Wilson,
you have been absent without the leave of the
House. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. WILSON. I will state that I have paired
off for the last few days with Mr. Martin, of
Virginia; and with the intention of visiting my
family, who are sick, I was preparing to start by
the live o'clock tram to-morrow morning.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. You and I, Mr.
Speaker, have had charge of this pair, and know
that the fact is as stated by the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. CURRY. I move that the gentleman from
Indiana be discharged unconditionally.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman from In-
diana wants to leave m the morning, 1 hope that
he will be excused from further service to-night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be no
objection, it will be ordered accordingly.
There was no objection, and Mr. Wilson was
granted leave of absence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Pryor, you
have absented yourself from the sittings of the
House without leave. What excuse have you to
render for your absence?
Mi. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, the fact is, that I
had implicit confidence in the wisdom and integ-
rity of those of my colleagues who I knew would
remain; and, having a very near relative whom I
have not seen for a long while, I determined, of
my own motion, to leave the Hall; and 1 was
pleasantly dining with him when I was un-
filnasantly interrupted by the Scrgeant-at-Arms.
Laughter.] 1 was present during the day, until
a late hour, attending to the business before the
House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I am glad that my
colleague has confirmed the excuse which I have
already rendered for him.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The gentle-
man from Virginia has made such a handsome
excuse, that 1 think we can let him off with the
payment of costs.
Mr, JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Maryland has so handsomely interposed in
behalf of the gentleman from Virginia, that I
move that the fine be imposed upon him. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the point of order
that the gentleman from Virginia must pay the
fine himself; and that the penalty for his absence
cannot be imposed upon anybody else.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
puts the matter in such an astonishing light, that
I withdraw my amendment to the motion of the
gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am in favor of light, as
I said this morning. If I have shown the gentle-
man the error of his ways, I am glad he appre-
ciates mv kindness. I hope that he will not ob-
ject to the appropriation for having the streets
along the Mall lighted. [Laughter.]
Mr. Pryor was excused on the payment of
costs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Focke, you
have absented yourself without the leave of the
House. What excuse have you to render?
Mi. FOUKE. I remained here until nearly
seven o'clock this evening, and then left, sup-
posing that the sitting of the House was about to
close. I had a number of my constituents to ar-
rive in Washington, and I was desirous of ex-
tending to them the hospitalities of the city. I
am willing to pay the fine.
Mr. HATTON. • I move that the gentleman
be excused, on the payment of costs.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Pettit,
you have absented yourself without leave of_ the
House. What excuse have you to make ?
Mr. PETTIT. I acknowledge the singular
pleasure it gives me to meet here at this late hour,
enforcing the rules, a good many whose faces
ordinarily, during the day, are not found in the
House.
I am called on now to furnish a reason for my
absence.
Mr. Speaker, it would hardly have been possi-
ble a half dozen times, in the period of five years
I*have been upon this floor, to ask me this ques-
tion, for the reason that I have been quite as in-
dustrious as any gentleman, if industry is sim-
ply manifested by attending the sittings of the
House.
I ought, perhaps, as a matter of justice to my
host, to say that he furnished me, at half past seven
o'clock this morning, (a startling statement of
early rising and good habits to the amiable gen-
tlemen who hear me,) with an excellent break-
fast, which I partook of with becoming gratitude,
and entered at once upon the discharge of such
usual duties as going to the Departments and at-
tending on aconunittee. From the ineetingof the
House, I have remained here until half past six
o'clock this evening, when some compunctions,
not of conscience but of the stomach, admonished
me, after so long an abstinence, of the propriety
of going home and recruiting the exhausted in-
ward individual. [Laughter.] I had, too, a sense
of publicdutyin connection with my absence, for
I have felt, for a long time, that these scenes of
which I have been a spectator on a number of
occasions are demoralizing to the body, and any-
thing but profitable to the public. My best apol-
ogy is, that my observation has convinced me
that when the House has reached that point when
it cannot give its attention and its judgment to
matters of public interest; when legislation, in-
instead of being considered, in the parliamentary
sense, is " put through," to adopt the language
often heard here to-day, it is better to adjourn.
More injury, I believe, is done on such occasions
by the presence than by the absence of members.
I believed, at an earlier hour in the day, when
this bill, involving some five million dollars, was
evidently not receiving the actual attention of a
quorum, that it would have been more profitable
for the public to have adjourned, and, under that
belief, I left, feeling thatl was serving my coun-
try better away than by remaining here.
Mr. NIBLACK. Let me interrupt my col-
league.
Mr. PETTIT. It is not often I get the floor,
and I trust thatl shall now be indulged. [Laugh-
ter.] But I will yield to my colleague.
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague does not show
his usual good temper. As my colleague, how-
ever, is nearly always present, although lie votes
half the time wrong, [laughter,] I move that he
be excused on the payment of costs.
Mr. PETTIT. On that I demand the previous
question. [Laughter.]
Mr. VANCE. The gentleman's offense is a
petit one, and I trust he will be excused. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ALDRICH. I am notdisp.osed to excuse
the gentleman from Indiana, who, instead of get-
ting up and making an excuse, as other gentle-
men have done, lectures this House, telling us
what we ought to do and what we ought not to
do. I do not want to be Cruel, and I hope the
gentleman will retract what he has said. [Laugh-
ter.] If he does retract, I will certainly vote to
excuse him, with payment of costs. [Renewed
Mr. FLORENCE. Can the gentleman from
Minnesota say, as a man of honor, that the words
uttered by the gentleman from Indiana are not
words of truth and soberness?
Mr. ALDRICH. "I do notagree with the gen-
tleman.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know a more un-
profitable expenditure of time than this in which
we are now engaged. I move that the Houe ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
inform the House that there is now a quorum
within the Hall, and that the first question is upon
excusing the gentleman from Indiana' upon the
payment of fees.
The question was taken; and Mr. Pettit was
excused
Mr. BURCH. I move that all further prn-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. The gentleman from
California has no right to make any motion, for
he is in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
[Laughter.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared at the bar
of the House,and reported that lie had in custody,
under the order of the House, Messrs. Bdrch,
Cox,Nixon,Ferry, Burnham,Reynolds, Own,
and Haskin.
Mr. BRANCH. There being a quorum pres-
ent, I move that all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope not, until we hear the
excuses of these gentlemen who have just been
brought in.
Mr. BARR. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. ADRIAN. Is a motion to adjourn in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. ADRIAN. Then I submit that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs upon the motion, to suspend all further
proceedings under the call.
Mr. NOELL. Have I the right to make an
inquiry of the Chair?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. NOELL. Well, I protest against the
adoption of this motion.
The question was put upon the motion of Mr.
Branch, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have a right to submit
a motion, which I believe is in order. I move
that all further proceedings under the call be dis-
pensed with, by the absentees brought in paying
the usual cost, without arraignment individually.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I object to that.
Perhaps these gentlemen may have good excuses,
and we are bound to give them an opportunity to
be heard before we impose a fine.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair decides
that the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
is in order.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 rise to a question of order.
Can a man make a motion without being recognized
by the Chair?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Tennessee was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. NOELL. Before the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is put, I desire to ask that
gentleman a question. Does his motion include
all the absentees? Many of the absentees have
returned here of their own accord, for the pur-
pose of attending to the business of the House,
after having had their dinners. Are they to be
fined, while those who go away, and remain away,
escape? That is gross injustice, and I protest
against it.
Mr. BRANCH. I must object to this debate,
as it is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The motion of my colleague, [Mr. Etheridge,]
if carried into practical effect, will operate to im-
pose costs upon gentlemen who have not had a
chance to bo heard. They may be greatly pre-
judiced by such a course, and I insist that it can-
notbedone. They have a right to be heard before
they are fined.
