1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
byaconlractsy&tcni for tlicperformance of such laboratthe
public stores, upon the interests of the Government, upon
those of the importers, and upon those of the laboring
classes; and, farther, whether the expense of performing
such labor can be reduced below the present prices paid;
together with any other and further Information touching
the subject of this inquiry that, in his opinion, may be either
: requisite or useful.
The resolutionVas agreed to.
CONSUL AT ASUNCION.
Mr. BARR introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foieign Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of fixing the salary
for the consul at Asuncion, in South America.
LABOR Or THE PUBLIC SXOItES AT NEW YORK.
Mr. BARK offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Public Expenditures
be, and they are hereby, dtechaiged from the fuitlier con-
sideration of the memorial of the citizens of New York
to examine into the eontiaet made by the Seetetary of the
Treasury with Mclniyro. lUxby & Co., for the laboi of the
public store, No. 12, Broadway, New York; and that tin-
said memorial be referred to a special committor: of fire, to
be appointed by the Speakei; said committee to have power
•to send l'or persons and papers, and to icpoitat an early day.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot see the necessity
for discharging the Committee on Public Ex-
penditure from the consideration of this matter,
it seems that that committee has charge of the
investigation, and I certainly think that the House
has quite enough of select committees.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman proposes
to debate it, the resolution must lie over.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not object to it; but I
think it is all wrong.
Mr. BARR. 1 would say, for the information
of the gentleman, that the chairman of the com-
mittee has told me that the committee has ho much
to attend to in relation to other matters, that they
could not attend to this.
Mr. SPINNER. The chairman of that com-
mittee is not now in tho Mouse.
Mr. IHNDMAN. As one of that committee,
and after having conferred with several members
of it, I am very willing thatthensolntionoffnedby
the gentleman from New York should be adopted.
We have more business already referred to us than
we can possibly get through with during the ses-
sion.
The question was taken; and the resolution vjas
adopted.
NAVIGATION OF THE UAKMSM U1VER,
Mr. SICKLES offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That lie' hesjdent of thel'nited State-he, and
he ih hereby, required to tiansinit to this House all infoim
atlon in possession of ihe oilieei.s ui chaige of the Coast
Surtey, showing the piaetirabihty oi making Harlem nvei
navigable forcommeieial pmpo.>cs, and the expense iheieof.
IJRONZE UOITO OF UNITED ,STATUS MEDALS.
Mr. OONKLING introduced a joint resolution
for bronze copies of United States medals; which
was read a first and second tune, and referred to
the Committee on the Library.
FEES OF THE PORT OF NEW YORK.
Mr.HUMPHREY offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Bee rotary of theTreasiuy Ik: icquired
to Immsh this Uou«e with copies ol all correspondence
held with the collofior of the port of New* York in tefer-
ence to the practice ot collecting iee*. at the custom-house
in that eitv lor pcrmiM to land the baggage ot passengeis ;
also with a copy of the decision ot the T.uti d Slates cii-
cuit eotnt ot the State ol New Yotk, in the ease t f David
Ogden and otheis owners oftiie luiiv Racer, r« Hush
Maxwell,« olleetur of the port, lor the reco\ ci vol lees thus
eolIc;< ted; and tii.n he he af>o lequested to slate the amount
of fee.s icfundedin consequence nj faid decision, and what
amount, il any, is i-till claimed as lenuimng unpaid.
BACK PAY TO KKTIUKI) OFFfCKIiS.
Mr. HUMPHREY also presented a joint reso-
lution from the Slate of New York, proposing to
give back pay to retired or dropped officers who
have been lestored to their positions in the Navy,
and at a higher grade; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Alfans, and ordered to be
printed.
LIABILITY OF rilllT-OWNKKS.
Mr. HUMPHREY also introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled An act to limit the liabil-
ity of ship-owners, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3,1851; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present a memo-
rial from Edward Lamed, on the subject of the
Pacific railroad; and ask that it be referred to the
select committee on that subject, and be ordered
to be printed.
It was so ordered.
METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the usual number of the report of meteor-
ological observations, and the accompanying report of the
Commissioner of Patents, be piinted ; and that the Com-
mittee on Printing he directed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of printing, for the use of the House, five thousand
extra copies.
TIIE UTAH EXPEDITION.
Mr. PALMER offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expendituies
be instructed to inquiic into the puichase, and the con-
tracts lor the purchase, of supplies of military stoics, and
tbo means of transportation made by the War Department,
in connection with the late military expedition into the
Territory of Utah; and generally to inquiic into the alleged
abuses of said Department in rcteienee to its expenditure
for transportation to and fro in  ;> id Territory, and its pur-
chase and sale of public property on aceounfof said expe-
dition ; with povvei to send lor persons and papers, and
with leave to sit during the session* ot the House, and to
report at any time.
Mr. BRANCH. I prefer that this resolution
should lie over for debate.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman proposes
to debate it, it must lie over.
DUTIES OX 1? A NIC NOTES.
Mr. WHITELEY offried the following irso-
lution; which was read,considered,andagieed to:
Ilaolvcd, That the Committee on Comineice be in-
stiuefed to jnquue into the propnetv of lepoittng a bill im-
posing duties on notes of banks, and on any notes, bill* of
exchange, bonds, or other obligations discounted by banks.
REORGANIZATION OF TIIE MILITIA.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to fur-
nish tills House with aeopyol the icport tohim from Lieu-
tenant Colonel ii. S Robert(f of the United States Annv, on
the subject of the general icorgamzution of the militia of
the United States undertheUiw-. of < •ongies* carrying into
effect tin: Constitution of the United States.
THE TODACOO TRADE.
Mr. HUGHES also offered the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Raohrdi T>> a select committee of membns bo
1 appointed by the Speakei tomquiie into the present eon-
: dition of the tobacco tiadeof the United States with foi -
1 eijin nations, and to lepoit what negotiation or legislation
may be necessaiy to impiovc its condition.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The blank ought
to be filled. 1 move that the committee consist
of five.
Air. HUGHES. I would move that it consist
of seven, to be taken from the tobacco-growing
States.
The motion of Mr. I-Jugiies was agreed to.
RECIPROCITY TREATY WITH CANADA.
Mr. SPAULDINGsubmitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Trea^uiy communi
cate to this Mouse any imoimatjon m his possession relat-
ing to the opciation of the icciprocity tieaty with Canada.
ADMISSION OP EX-MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to offer the
following resolution:
Raolvcd, That e\-mcmbeis of Congress, claim agents
e\i fpted, shall be allowed <ulmission to the tlooi ot this
House duiiii? its <«ossions; and that so much of an> lule
tiieieol as denies this privilege shall be, and is heiehy, re-
pealed.
Mr. WINSLOW. The resolution proposes to
change one of the rules of the House. I suppose
then* must be notice given of it. It lies over, of
course
The SPEAKER. It must Uc over one day
SALARY OF CONSUL AT SWATAU.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, offered the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
salary for the consul at Svvatau, in China.
Mr. SPINNER offered the following preamble
and resolution; which were read, considered, and"
agreed to:
Whereas it appears from the last annual report of the
Postmaster General that there was collected and expended
at the post office at the city of New York the sum of
$97,000 for the delivery of letters by carriers or penny-post
men: Therefore
Be Unresolved, That the Postmaster General be requested
to furnish-this House with a statement of the number of
persons employed uj connection with the business ot de-
livering letters"from said post office, their lespective duties,
the amount of compensation allowed to each, and also an
exhibit of all other expenditures made in connection with
said business.
DOCUMENTS FOR GLOBE REPORTERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to ask
that an order may bo entered that the reporters
for the Globe shall be entitled to one copy each of
every document printed by order of the House.
There seems to be some trouble about it now, and
it is absolutely necessary in order that they may
be able to make up their reports. I trust there
will be no objection.
There being no objection, the following resolu-
tion was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be directed to furnish to
cacli of the jeporters of the House for the Congressional
Globe one copy of such bills and reports as have been or
may be oidcied to be piinted.
Mr. SHERMAN. The morning hour has ex-
pired, I believe. I desire to make some privileged
reports from the Committee of Ways and Means;
but I am willing that the call shall go on until all
the States and Territories have been called, with
the understanding that no motions shall be made
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, that
will be the understanding.
There was no objection.
THE UTAH EXPEDITION.
Mr. BRANCH. A few moments ago, I ob-
jected to a resolution offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Palmer,] to inquire into
certain expenditures connected with thu; expedi-
tion to Utah. I objected under the impression
that the resolution called for a special committee.
I have since looked at it, and ascertained that I
was mistaken, and that it only directs the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures to make the in-
quiry;and I desire, with the consent of the House,
to withdiaw the objection 1 then made. 1 would
make this suggestion, howe\er, to the gentleman
from New York: I think lie had better strike out
that clause of the resolution which gives a right
to the committee to sit during the sessions of the
House. That is very irregular.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest also to the
gentleman from Now York not to clothe the com-
mittee now with power to send for persons and
papers. That power can be given to the commit-
tee whenever they ask it and"it shall be requisite.
Mr. PALMER. In compliance with the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from North Caiohna, I
have stricken out the clause in the resolution au-
thorizing the committee to sit during the sessions
of the House. In regard to the objection of the
gentleman from Missouri, I can assure the gentle-
man and the House that the committee do not feel
disposed to abuse the privilege given them by the
resolution, of sending for persons and papers; and
that, at this late day of the session, they will
bring the examination to a speedy close.
The resolution was then agreed to.
NATIONAL FOCNDERY IN N011TH CAROLINA.
Mr. GILM ER offered the following resolutions,
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Resulted, That the Committee on Mditaiv AtVan^ be m
j stiucted to mquuo into the expediency of establishing a
i nationalloumleiv in the valley ol Deep River,m North Car-
olina, and th.it the committee report by bill ot otheiwi^e.
Rciolccd fartkc/, That all the petitions and papeis on
this subject, submitted to saio committee at the la^t Con-
gress, be again leiened foi consideration.
| MACON A PORT OF ENTRY,
j ^ Mr. HARDEMAN intioduced a joint resolu-
j tion constituting Maeon, Georgia, a port of entiy
j for the time being;, for the purposes therein spee.i-
i fied and for other purposes: which was read a
fcfirst and second time.
The preamble to the joint resolution recites that
it is in the contemplation of the cotton-planters'
convention of the State of Georgia to hold a fair,
