388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
stitution to warrant us in electing a Speaker pro
tempore.
Mr. GARNETT. Where do you find in the
Constitution authority to delegate the -power of
electing a Speaker, or of passing laws, to a minor-
ity of this House ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the question
with great pleasure. The Constitution says that
the House of Represen tatives shall elect their own
Speaker, and gives them supreme control to elect
him in any manner they see fit.
Mr. GROW. I have but a word to say. I
propose that we go on now and take a vote with-
out any change or transfer of pairs, and allow
the gentleman from Louisiana to vote to-day; but
hereafter have none of these transfers of pairs,
which lead to so much confusion. Let every
gentleman take care of his own pair. If a gentle-
man chooses to be absent let him provide a pair for
himself, and relieve us from all this difficulty.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have only a word to say.
Unless there is some understanding with the other
side of the House that under existing circum-
stances I may vote, I shall not vote. When I
make an arrangement, I intend to carry it out.
As objection is made on the other side, I shall
not vote unless it is understood that I am at lib-
erty to vote, and the pair is made in some other
manner.
Mr. GROW. My proposition is that the gen-
tleman shall vote to-day, andl presume theie will
be no objection to that, with the understanding,
of course, that it is only to apply to to-day and
to this vote. I take it for granted that there will
be no objection to that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 desire to make
this suggestion to gentlemen upon this side of the
House: "that they shall live up, as 1 know they
will, to all pairs that they have made; but that
they shall make no more pairs, and shall not per-
mit themselves to be drawn into any speeches by ji
any provocation whatever, until after the election .
of a Speaker. [Cries of " Good!" " Good!" from ;
the Republican side.] 1
Mr. SPINNER. I will consent to withdraw j
my objection to the proposal of the gentleman j
opposite for to-day; but f will not submit to it ;
hereafter.
Mr.. WASHBCJRN, of Maine. I trust our
friends will not make personal explanations, or ask
or answer any questions whatever, until after tin:
House has organized by the election of a Speaker,
for if they do, they will be responsible to some
extent, however small, for the non-organization of
the House.
Mr. KEITT. I do not agree to any arrange-
ment that may be made in reference to pairs, and
for this reason, that every member upon this floor
has a right to do in that matter just as he pleases.
1 will pair just whenever it suits me to pair, and
I can get a gentleman to pair with me. And I
should hold it an act of impudence for my party,
or any party, to interfere in the matter or say a
single word about it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mor-
ris] has obliged me by pairing with a colleague
of mine, and I would oblige him at any time in
the same way, if the party with whom I act, forty
times over, opposed it. In my absence my col-
leagues arc authorized to change my pair for me
or speak for me, and nobody else on this side of
the House but my colleagues can do it, and when
I pair with a gentleman opposite, I shall be regu-
lated in regard to it, in his absence, by his col-
leagues and by nobody else upon that side of the
House.
Mr. CROW. Let us vote. I move to dispense
with all further proceedings under the call.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand that it is now
agreed upon the other side of the House that Mr.
Taylor shall be permitted to vote to-day.
Mr. GROW. That is the agreement for to-day,
and hereafter every member is to look after his
own pair.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I have no objection
to cl \ oto.
Mr. Grow's motion was agreed to,
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House pro-
ev'd to vole viva vcrce for Speaker.
Thfi motion was agreed to; and the tellers re-
sumed their places at the Clerk's desk, Mr. Riggs
acting in place of Mr. Adrain, and Mr. Bingham
in place of Mr. Corwin.
Mi*. SCOTT. Mr. Clerk, it would be useless
for me to attempt to disguise the fact that I am
aware that the further use of my name as candi-
date for Speaker* of this House will not conduce
to an organization. Whilst believing this, I would
be insensible to every impulse that moves within
me if I did not confess a deep feeling of gratitude
to those who have complimented me with so large
a vote for so exalted a station. If I could feel that
the vote which I received on Thursday last was
really personal, I would congratulate myself that
my associations with you, gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, has accomplished all that any
gentleman could wish that he had effected by his
personal intercourse with members on this floor.
But I regard that vote in no such inferior aspect.
Ilook upon it as a tribute to the position I occupy
as a national and conservative man; and may I
not say that it is a compliment to that gallant band
of constitutional and Union-loving men upon the
Pacific who have returned me here to Congress,
not because of any merits of my own, but because
they sympathize with me in those views of the
representative position which my career here has
enforced—views which have been the result of an
aident desiie to preserve inviolate the Constitution
and the Union, and which I believe to be essential
to the maintenance of both. To you, gentlemen,
who differ with me in political sentiments upon
most questions, but who, upon the great idea of
preventing a sectional organization of this body,
voted for me, I will say, that I woulc^be depre-
ciating your noble stand if I return you any thanks
for what, you have ddie. Your vote is upon the
record, and history will attest the patriotism which
J caused you to ioiget party and use your efforts to
1 promote a national organization of this body. I
now, Mr. Clerk, peremptorily withdrawmy name
from the consideration of this House for Speaker.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I nowput in nom-
ination Mr. John G. Dayis, of Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I nominate Mr.
Bocock, of Virginia.
Mr. ENGLISH. I nominate Mr. McCler-
nand, of Illinois.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. At the request
of my friends, I will withdraw the nomination of
Mr. Bocock.
TWENTY-FIFTH BALLOT FOR SPEAK-EK.
The House proceeded to the twenty-fifth ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 207; necessary to a choice,
104; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 101
Mi. McClemand  W
Mr. Gilmer  14
Mt. VuUandigham  12
Mr. Jolm G. Davis  B
Mi. Bocock  ~
Mr. Boteler  4
Mr. Florence  3
Mi. Mi'Uiuvn  3
Mr. Adram  «
Mi. Kent  2
Mr. Pugb  2
Mr Lalun T. Muoie  2
Mi llill  2
Mi. Phelps  2
Mi. Underwood  1
Mr. Horace F. Clark  1
Mr. Dimmiek  1
Mi. Baiksdale  1
Mi. Webster    1
Mr. Rust  1
Mr. Brisgf  1
Mr. Thoma*  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr Sherman—Messrs. Chailc^ F. Adams, Aldnch,
Alley, AMilev, Babbitt, Bingham, Blake, Bnuton, Buflin-
ton, l>uilmu?une, Buniham, Jium>u<rhs, Buuoifield,Camp-
bell, Caioj,Case, Coltax, Conklimi, Godwin, CurtH, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!,Dunn,E(i'n'crtou. Hdwaul',Eliot, lily,Fains-
wortli, Fenton, Fein, Foster, Fiank, French,Cooch,Gia-
hiUrr, Giow, Guilev, II lie, Hall. IKlnuc k, Hickman, Hoard,
Humphrey, Hutching Imikni. Fi.uich W Kollogir,William
ICellogg, kenyon, Kilcoie, Killniger, DeWitt V. Leach,
Lee, Longrieckei, Loomw, Loveioy, Matron, MeKnigiit,
McPherson, Mmnil, Morro, Olm. Palmer, Pennington,
Poiry, Pettit, I'ortei, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Chrfctopimi
Robmson, Royce, Schwartz, !3cranton, Sedgwick, Somes,
Spauldmg. Spinuer, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,'Theaker, Tompkins, Tram,
Trimble, Vandever. Verree, W ade, Waldion, Walton, Cad-
watader C. Wasliburn, Elhlrn B. Washburne, Ibiael Wash-
burn, Welly, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. McClemand—Messrs. Allen,Thomas L. Ander-
son, Avery, Barrett, Bocock, Burch, John B. Clark,'John
Cochrane, Cooper, Davidson, De Jarnette, Edmundson,
English, Fouke, JohnT. Harris, Holman, Houston, Logan,
Charles D. Martin, Millson, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Prvor, Reagan, Jaraes C. Koblnson, Rust,
Scott, Simras, James A. Stewart, Underwood, and Vallan-
Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adams, William C.
Anderson, Botele'r, Brabson, Bristow, H. Winter Davis,
J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, James M-Leaeh, Maynard,
Nelson, Quartes, William N. H. Smith, and Stokes.
For Mr. Vallandigfunr^-Messrs. Bonham, Branch, Bur-
nett, Cox, Burton Ciaige, Garnett, Hindman, Hughes,
K>itt, McRae, Miles, and Sydenham Moore.
For Mr. John G, Davis—Messrs. Adrain, James Craig,
Hawkins, Howard, Elbert S. Martin, Montgomery, Riggs,
Taylor, and Wmslow.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Reuben Davis, Landrum,
Noell, Ruffin, Singleton, Thomas, and Whireley.
For Mr. Botelcr—Messrs. Hardeman, Laban T. Moore,
Vance, and Webster.
For Mr. Florence—Messrs. Dimmick, Jackson, and
Maclay. „ ,
For Mr. Mc Quern—Messrs. Clopton, Crawford, and
• Pugh.
For Mr. Adrain—Messrs. Horace F. Clark, John (*.
Davis, and Lanabee.
For Mr. Keitt—Messrs. Barksdale and Lamar.
For Mr. Pugh—Messrs. Love and McQueen.
For Mr. Laban T. Moore—Messrs. Bouligny and Ham-
ilton.
For Mr. Hill—Messrs. Brig^s and Gilmer.
For Mr. Pftcfys—Messrs. Stout and Cobb.
For Mr. Underwood—Mr. McClemand.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Dimmick—Mr. Florence.
For Mr. Barksdale—Mr. Gartiell.
For Mr. JVcbster—Mr. Hill.
For Mr. Rust—Mr. Boyce.
For Mr. Brig°s—Mr. Mallory.
For Mr. Thomas—Mr. Phelps.
Mr. BOULIGNY, when his name was called,
said: I rise fora personal explanation. I was ac-
cused by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] of
having, previous to the foray of John Brown, at
Harper's Perry, been willing to go with the Re-
publican party. With the permission of the gen-
tleman, I will say to him that I came from Louis-
iana, from a little district where 1 never have had
the pleasure of seeing a Republican in my life;
that I never knew one until I came here; that 1
have never been approached upon the subject,
audi merely rise for the purpose of telling the
gentleman that this arrangement for the American
party, so far as it has any connection with mo, is
totally untrue,and at the same time I may speak
for the twenty-three of my party in this House.
I vote for Mr. Moore, of Kentucky.
Mr. COX, when his name was called, said: t
will take this opportunity to say to the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Bouligny,] and to some of
those who act with the American party, that they
have totally misapprehended the drift of my re-
marks.- I have a memorandum before me of the
remark I made, and it does not call for the lan-
guage used by several gentlemen since that re-
mark was made. I think when they understand
it, they will see that no such disclaimer, and no
such charge of falsehood, were necessary or were
callcd for. When the gentleman from Georgia
was 011 the floor he put an intervogatory to me.
I replied that 1 did not make the charge that there
was a union now between the Americans and the
Republicans; that, since this Congress had met,
I had seen that it was not true that there was such
a union. I said further, that there was an arrange-
ment between the Opposition forces contemplated
before the meeting of Congress, if we were to
believe what certain organs of the American party
had said.
Now, I am ready at any time to prove that not
only the Richmond Whig, the Louisville Journal,
the Baltimore Patriot, and Brownlow, in Tennes-
see, but a certain gentleman, a member of this
House, from Baltimore, in addressing a public
meeting, all advocated an organization by a united
opposition to the Democracy.
I say to my friend from Louisiana, in perfect
frankness and candor, that his explanation is en-
tirely satisfactory to myself; and not only to my-
self, but I hope to his constituents. For myselt,
I am perfectly satisfied, from his disclaimer, and
more especially from the votes which he has given
since the meeting of Congress, that he never had
any intention of joining with the Republicans in
the election of a Speaker; and that these organs
did not speak for him.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I do not read these papers.
A Member. But he spoke for the whole twenty-
three Americans here.
Mr. COX. Very well; if he is authorized to
speak for the whole twenty-three, then my remark
applies to them all.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I accept the gentleman's
disclaimer. It was all that we wanted. But I
think it would have been better if the gentleman
