1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the President of the Uni-
ted States to appoint a suitable person or persons,
who, in conjunction with such person or persons
as may be appointed on behalf of the State of
California for the same purpose, are to run and
mark the boundary lines between the Territories
of the United States and the State of California,
commencing at the point of intersection of the
forty-second degree of north latitude with the
one hundred and twentieth degree of longitude
west from Greenwich, and running south on the
line of the one hundred and twentieth degree of
west longitude until it intersects the thirty-ninth
degree of north latitude; thence running in a
straight line, in a southeasterly direction, to the
river Colorado, at a poifit where it intersects the
thirty-fifth degree of north latitude. Such land-
marks are to be established at the point of begin-
ning, and at the other corners, and on the several
lines of the boundary, as may be agreed on by the
President of the United States, or those acting
under his authority, and the State of California,
or those acting under its authority; but the per-
son or persons appointed and employed on the
part and behalf of the State of California are to
be paid by that State; and no persons except a su-
perintendent or commissioner are to be appointed
or employed in this service by the United States
but such as are required to make the necessary
observations and surveys to ascertain such line,
and erect suitable monuments thereon, and make
a return of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ,1 should like to inquire
about that bill, what the necessity for it is. I
suppose the lines are sufficiently defined by the
termini and direction. Has it been the habit of
the United States to appoint commissioners to
run and mark lines between States and United
States Territories? If it has been, I was not
aware of the fact.
Mr. GW1N. It is well known that this newly
discovered silver-mining country, the Washoe
Valley, is situated where the line between the
Territories and the State runs. It runs west of
Nevada to a certain degree of latitude, and then it
takes a direction where the thirty-fifth degree of
north latitude strikes the Colorado river. It
strikes through that country, and there is great
difficulty now in regard to what jurisdiction they
are in. Thousands of people are going m there,
and it is necessary to have the line run imme-
diately and without the least delay, in order to
ascertain what jurisdiction they are in.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I reported yesterday, from
the Judiciary Committee, a bill which is of the
most urgent character. There are some eleven
hundred captured Africans now in Key West.
The President is totally without power to provide
for them, and has asked Congress what is to be
done with them. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary has reported a bill to dispose of them at
once. It is most important that that bill should
be acted upon by the Senate, and I hope the Sen-
ate will consent now to take it up and dispose
of it.
Mr GWIN. I wish to say to the Senator
from Louisiana, that at half past eleven o'clock,
which will be in six or seven minutes, the special
order of the day—the bill for the overland mail
service—will come up.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill will be finished
by half past eleven, I imagine. It is only of a
few lines, and can be disposed of in that time.
Mr. GWIN. I think it will lead to discussion.
I am very sure Senators on the other side want
to discuss it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be read, and you
will see.
Mr. GWIN. Well, I will let it be read for in-
formation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana, to
take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to;and the bill (S. No.
4G4) to amend an act entitled "Anact in addition
to the acts prohibiting the slave trade," was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to make it lawful for the
President of the United States to enter into con-
tract with any person or persons, society or so-
cieties, or body corporate, for a term not exceed-
ing five years, to receive from the United States,
through their duly constituted agent or agents
upon the coast of Africa, all negroes, mulattoes,
or persons of color, delivered from on board ves-
sels seized in the prosecution of the slave trade
by commanders of the United States armed ves-
sels, and to provide these negroes, mulattoes, and
persons of color with comfortable clothing, shelter,
and provisions, for the period of six months from
thedate of their beinglanded on the coastof Africa,
at a price in no case to exceed $100 for each per-
son so clothed, sheltered, and provided with food;
and that any such contract may be renewed by
the President from time to time as found neces-
sary, for periods not to exceed five years on each
renewal. The President of the United States is
also to be authorized to issue instructions to the
commanders of the armed vessels of the United
States, directing them whenever it shall be practi-
cable, and under such rules and regulations as he
may prescribe, to proceed directly to the coastof
Africa, and there deliver to the agent or agents of
the United States all negroes, mulattoes, and per-
sons of color delivered from on board vessels seized
in the prosecution of the slave trade, afterwards
bringing the captured vessels and persons engaged
in prosecuting the slave trade to the United States
for trial and adjudication. The President of the
United States is likewise to be authorized to take
immediate measures in his discretion in accord-
ance with existing laws, and with the provisions
of the first section of this act, for removing to the
coast of Africa, and there providing with food,
shelter, and clothing for six months from the date
of landing in Africa, the captured Africans recently
landed in the southern district of Florida, and
the sum of $200,000 is to be appropriated for that
purpose.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I agreed with my
colleague in the committee in regard to this bill.
Indeed, we were unanimous about it, throwing
out every doubtful point and feeling anxious to
dispose of these twelve hundred Africans at Key
West. Tlrcy will not only be a great expense to
the Government, but probably generate a pesti-
lence among the people of Key West, if they re-
main there much longer. But we did not fully
agree on one little point with the President. He
recommended that he should have leave to pro-
vide for the clothing and shelter of these people
in Liberia or upon the cost of Africa for the pe-
riod of a year—the committee agreed on six
months. Since that time the secretary of the
American Colonization Socictyhas addressed me
a communication, and in order that the Senate
may understand it, I will move the amendment
formally, and then let his communication be read
and the Senate may dispose of it. In the thir-
teenth line of the first section, where it says " for
the period of six months from the date of their
being landed on the coast of Africa," 1 move to
strike out the words "for the period of six
months," and insert " for a period not exceeding
one year;" and then I ask the Secretary to read
the letter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Without any ehange in
the price?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. He wants a change of
price, but 1 told him I did not think it would pass..
The Secretary read the following letter.
Colonization Rooms, Washington,
May 23,1B60.
My dear Sir: When Liberia became independent, the
American Colonization Society entered into an agreement
with the Government thereof, one article of which lias an
important bearing upon the disposition which shall be made
ot the capturcd Africans now at Key West, it is m these
words: u Recaptured Africans shall be received as hereto-
fore, the United States Government making provision for
their support one year."
Liberia does not want these people for her own benefit.
She has under her government a native population of more
than two hundred thousand, which she has to govern, civil-
ize, and lift up from barbarism. These are as many as she
needs for all purposes of labor. She has in them, too, as
much heathenism as she has means to manage well. But
she is willing, fiom motive* of humanity, to receive those
who are sent there by the United States Government, pro-
vided they are sustained and provided for until they are
able to take care of themselves. Their experience andouis
has convinced them and us that this cannot be done in
less than one year, nor at a less expense than $1-30 each.
It would not be just to Liberia, nor humane to the recap-
tiyes themselves, to place them there and not take caie
of them—mere children, as they are—untii they can do it
for themselves, and prevent them from becoming vaga-
bonds, and an expense to the citizens of Liberia.
To receive and provide for so large a number, atone
tune, as are now waiting at Key West, will require greatly
enlarged accommodations and heavy expense.
You will, therefore, subserve the cause of humanity, if
you will submit these facts to the Judiciary Committee and
the Senate, in such form as to secure the immediate pas-
sage of a bill to authorize the President to contract for the
support for a time, not to exceed one year, of the present
company, and other similar ones hereafter.
Yours, with great respect, W. McLAIN,
Financial Secretary of American Colonization Society.
To Hon.-Mr. Pugh, United States Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
arrest proceedings on this bill, to call up the spe-
cial order at this hour.
Mr. PUGH. This bill can be disposed of in
one moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator from Ohio can procecd. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. PUGH. I shall move to postpone the other
order if it is necessary to continue this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. General consent is
given to proceed with this bill.
Mr. PUGH. That letter contains all the argu-
ment in favor of the amendment; and it occurs to
me the matter might be left to the discretion of the
President, by inserting "for a period not exceed-
ing one year;" and then, according to the circum-
stances or exigencies of each case, he may decide.
I move that amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say, in a word, that
I cannot accept that amendment. The Govern-
ment of the United States has undertaken, in con-
junction with other Powers, to put a stop to the
slave trade, if possible. It is our duty to carry
out these engagements. There iscertainly a duty
of humanity to be observed towards these unfor-
tunate people who have been captured, and are
now on the coast of Florida without any means
provided by Congress for their support. The
President has appealed to us for our directions as
to what is to be done with them. Under the cir-
cumstances, it is my judgment that the Congress '
will have performed all the duties of humanity
by restoring these people to their country, and
giving them food and clothing for six months,
until they can proceed to take care of them-
selves.
It is true that the gentleman from Ohio,by his
amendment, does not change the price, but he
leavGS it to the President of the United States to
determine whether he will provide for these cap-
tives for six or twelve months. Now, it is very
possible that he may be able to make arrange-
ments for providing for them for six months for
less than $100; but, if you make it twelve months,
the $100 will certainly be expended. The squad-
ron on the coast of Africa and around Cuba is
kept up at a large expense; and it is no small tax
upon the Government and people of the country
to pay for liberating these captives from those
who have taken them, and sending them home,
and providing them with food, shelter, and cloth-
ing for six months. I think we have done the
whole duty of the Government when we have
done that; and I hope the Senate will not risk the
passage of the bill by making any change in what
seems to have met the unanimous consent of the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio,
in line thirteen of the first section, to strike out
the words " for a period of six months/' and in-
sert " for a period not exceeding one year."
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask for the yeas an<} nays
on that amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I do not think it of sufficient im-
portance to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter,Grimes, Hale,Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, King, Latham,
Nicholson, Polk, Pugh, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilton—25.
NAYS — Messrs, Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Chesnut,
Clingman, Davis, Fitzp.itnck, Green, Hunter, Kennedy,
Lane, Mallorv, Powell, Rice, Shdell, Toombs, and Wig-
fall—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate ?.s amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in assuming an
obligation upon our Government to stop the slavo
