1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had made his disclaimer some time ago, when
several gentlemen rose and took exception to his
remark.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Louisiana
must recollect that one cannot always get the
floor, nor can he say all he wants to say when he
does get it. It is pretty hard to say what he wants
to say at any time in this Hal). But I say to my
friends here, on both sides of the Hall, that I am
ready at any time to prove what I asserted in ref-
erence to the American journals; but I will take
back anything I may have said—if indeed I said
it—affecting the purpose of gentlemen on this floor
if they do not read these journals, nor acknowl-
edge them as their exponents. m
Mr. HILL. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether it would be personally agreeable to
him to have the Opposition of the South coalesce
with the Opposition of the North?
Mr. COX. I have simply replied to.the gen-
tleman from Louisiana. I make no charge against
those gentlemen personally, and it is not fair to
place my remarks m any such relation.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman from Ohio did not
hear my question. I desire to know whether such
a coalition would be personally agreeable to the
gentleman?
Mr. COX. That is a pretty haffi question to
answer. My position is, that I will vole for a
Democrat—all the time. I cannot at any time
support a Republican organization, nor can I in
any way support a South American organization;
ana Of the two evils I will choose—" nary one."
[Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. The gentleman has but one other
alternative. Would he support an anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrat?
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that 1
would vote for an anti-Lecompton man with the
greatest pleasure.
Mr. HILL. Would the gentleman vote for one,
first an anti-Lecompton, then Lecompton, and
afterwards English-bill Democrat. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I do not care how he comes, so that
he comes in a Democratic form.
Mr. HILL. He would come, then, in a most
" questionable shape." [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, when his name
was called, said: When we met here, we had a
consultation which resulted in the nomination of
Mr. Bocock, of Virginia. After several days, it
became necessary for him, I suppose, to conform
to the wishes of quite a number of his friends and
withdraw his name. I think it is important that
we should have an election as early as possible;
but, in the present state of confusion, I do not
believe we can unite on any American or anti-Le-
compton Democrat. Under these circumstances,
believing that Mr. Bocock represents the senti-
ments of his party, I shall cast my vote for him;
and I shall continue to cast my vote for him for
the next eighteen months, unless there is a chance
of electing some other conservative man.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk, I believe that
it is nn order to accompany one's vote with an
explanation. For that ihere have been several
precedents during the day. If, therefore, 1 can
be indulged, I will say a word or two in regard
to the vote I design now to give for Speaker.
One thing, sir, is apparent to even a superficial
observer, and that is, that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has obtained about all of
the votes that he will get in the present condition
of affairs. I think that any gentleman who in-
tends to vote for lum, and has not done so up to
this time, ought to be ashamed of himself; and
therefore I have concluded that the gentleman has
received as high a vote as he can receive, unless
some absentees shall return, and as I believe they
have all been paired, their return would make no
change in the relative strength of parties. I am
also satisfied, sir, that my friend from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Gilmer,] for whom I have voted so
often, and, I will add, with so much pleasure, will
not and cannot be elected Speaker of this House.
That fact is ascertained by a reference to.the vote
he has received. On two occasions he received
thirty-six votes, and all that remained to elect him
was for one of the other parties to disband and
come over to him. The Democratic party could
have elected him, and have had eight votes to
spare! Precisely eight, that significant number,
for
'Etelit were saved in Noah's ark,
While ali the re&t were drowned."
There would have been a margin, after his elec-
tion, of eight votes; but every man who knows
anything about things here knows that the Dem-
ocratic party does not intend to vote for any gen-
tleman of the party with which I act who cam be
elected. It happens that some few of those J act
with have a little independent outside strength;
and that independent strength, sir, is a reason—I
do not say a pretext—with some upon the other
side why they will not vote for-any of them. Well,
I temporarily abandon the gentleman from North
Carolina. I tell him farewell—I do not say " fare-
well, vain world," I only say farewell, there is no
chance for you. [Great laughter.] The gentle-
men upon the Democratic side of the House have
presented their various candidates to the consid-
eration of the House,and they have aboutall been,
sooner or later, withdrawn. My friend from North
Carolina, I say, lias no chance; and I am sure no
one of the twenty-thi ce gentlemen with whom I act
can be elected. I have never believed that such
an event would transpire; and a complimentary
vote has become to be a little annoying and fa-
tiguing. I say also very frankly, that there are,
in my judgment, about eighty-eight gentlemen
over the way, not one of whom, as I sincerely
believe, has a better prospect of an election than
my friend Gilmer. [Laughter.] A good many
gentlemen, it is true, will retire to their homes
with the consolation that they have been honored
with a complimentary vote for Speaker. In this
fast age, the fact, however, will be remembered
only for a few days. It is Hot worth anything.
But to the point for which I rose. I do not
abandon my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Gilmer] because of any want of respect for him,
or because of any want-of confidence in his in-
tegrity as a man—certainly from no want of sym-
i pathy with his political opinions—no, sir; but he
is " a dead cock in the pit." [Great laughter.]
As I have before remarked, every gentleman
who designs voting for the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has already voted for him. I
shall not elaborate the reasons why I shall not
vote for him. I do not propose now to do it;
but I will say of him personally what has been
already said on all sides, that he is a gentleman
whose abilities and manners I admire and respect.
He would fill the chair gracefully, and, 1 have no
doubt, impartially; but I shall not vote for him,
and that is the end of it. And there are seventy-
five or eighty gentlemen over the way that I will
not vote for, unless perchance I can do no better.
Now, I have always reserved for myself ample
verge, should I be compelled, in the future, to
meet a certain contingency—an extreme resort—
for I never know, with certainty, where I am
drifting in political times like these. But there
are certain things I will do, if at all, "under pro-
test," after the manner of Mr. Polk, when he
signed the Oregon bill. In looking round I find
one gentleman, who lias announced that he was,
at this time, outside of all existing political organi-
zations; whereupon he was instantly told by the
distinguished gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] that he was an Ishmaelite; that his hand
was against every man, and every man's hand
against him. I suppose, by that remark, his
hand is against the policy ofi\lr>Buchanan. Fur-
ther, I am assured that he has a quick perception,
and the ability to scent a fraud as far through the
political records of the past as well as any man
in the House. He believes, I think, that there
is some foundation for the charges of fraud which
are so freely made. He is an anti-Lecompton
man, outside of all Democratic organization. He
was opposed to the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise. He is an independent gentleman, of
acknowledged talents and attainments. He is
also a gentleman, as I have said, of high charac-
ter and of great abilities, and if he is placed in
the chair he would preside with marked fairness.
Mr. COBB. You arc keeping us in suspense.
Who is the man ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Believing that I can do
no better, [laughter,] that I may drift a littl'e
longer and fare somewhat worse, I will relieve
the suspense of gentlemen. [Great laughter.] I
vote for the antilecom'pton, anti-Buchanan, Ish-
maelitish Democrat, Horace F. Clark, of New
York. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. KILGORE. Mr. Clerk, I have been,
during the four weeks of this session, each day
in my place voting for-JoHN Sherman for Speaker;
and as things now are, I expect to continue to do
so for three times that period. And let me remark'
to gentlemen upon the other side thatittnust he
obvious if an organization is to be brought about,
it can only be done by the adoption of the plural-'
ity rule.
Mr. BURNETT. That will never be done,
Mr. KILGORE. Then there will never beaii
organization. [Cries from the Democratic benches
" Then we are satisfied;" and from the Republi-
can benches of "Order!" "Call the roll!" &c.]
I was remarking that the only way to settle this
contest was by means of the plurality'rule. We
are told from theotherside that never wall be done.
Well, we will see. The South Americans and the
old-line Whigs, who so long fought , under the
banner of Henry Clay, can never be induced to
vote, with the consent and approval of their own
conscienccs,for any man of those who persecuted
him to his very death, and who now, since his
departure, shed crocodile tears over his grave.' I
am satisfied that they can never be induced to cast
that vote willingly. I am satisfied, from their'
declarations here, that they will in no event vote
for the Republican candidate. I am satisfied in
my own mind that an anti-Lecompton Democrat
cannot befnduced to vote for an Administration
man. Then, sir, what are we to do? Adoptthe
plurality rule, and for that we have the precedent
of the House which elected Mr. Banks.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. UNDER WOOD. Let the gentleman go on.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 am disposed to yield the
floor without saying another word. My only ob-
ject is to bring%bout a speedy organization of the
House,and I have referred to the means by which t
it is to be done. I vote for Mr. Sherman.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I wish to make
a short explanation of my vote. I do not wish
or desire the unwilling attention of this House,
but unde r the circumstances in which I am placed
here before my people and the country, it is neces-
sary that I should make an explanation in refer-
ence to the vote I am about to cast. I have heard
with unwillingness, and with that feeling of unwil-
lingness which should characterize every patriot
of the land, criminations and recriminations upon
the part of men born south of Mason and Dixon's
line, of men who live north of it and who live south
of it. I say that when this Union is on fire it is no
time to fiddle. Therefore, Mr. Clerk, 1 have to
say that in the vote I am about to cast, I lay aside
all party predilections. I was elected as an inde-
pendent Democrat, and I came into this Hall and
sustained, after 1 had gone into the Democratic
caucus, the nomination of Thomas S. Bocock. I
voted for him persistently. I was then willing to
extend the olive branch of peace to the American
and southern Opposition. I was willing to com-
ply with the resolution of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia, to the effect that we should unite all the
elements of opposition to the Black Republican
party. I am now willing to sacrifice all my pri-
vate notions upon the altar of our common coun-
try.
What do we see here? I will detain the House
but two or three minutes longer; but I do not beg
its attention as a favor. As I remarked the other
day, I have a ten hours' speech to make if neces-
sary, and I have the floor. But what is my vote
now? I have a pile of letters asking me why I
did not vote for Mr. Gilmer. It is because after
Democrats, dyed in the wool, extended the olive
branch of peace to that portion of the House, the
gentleman from North Carolina has never given
his vote for any Democrat, if I am correctly in-
formed upon the subject. Now, Mr. Clerk, is it
proper or fair or right that I should be charged
by men of the Opposition party with not voting
for him, although I was elected an independent
Democrat over the Democratic organization and
caucus nominee? ^1 ask is it not expecting too
much of me? But in order to sink all private feel-
ings, if any there may be existing upon the part
of gentlemen of the South American Opposition,
I am willing yet—I will not say as a dernier resort
—to vote for Mr. Gilmer. But now, fellow-citi-
zens, with your permission, in order to show
that I am willing to bury all feelings, I will vote
for an anti-Lecompton Democrat. I vote for
John G. Davis, of Indiana.
Mr. MILL WARD stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Clemens for to-day.
