1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the month of December, in the city of Macon;
that it is contemplated by a foreign association to
exhibit their goods at such fair; and that Macon,
being neither a port of entry nor of delivery, the
articles imported for exhibition cannot, under the
existing law, be exempted from duties, though
exported again when withdrawn from exhibition.
The joint resolution constitutes Macon a port
of entry so far and to such extent as to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to extend thereto
all the existing revenue laws prevailing at ports
of entry and applicable to bonded warehouses,
and to the bonding of imported goods, wares, and
merchandise, and the exportation of the 'same;
provided, that the effect and force thereof shall
only appertain to importations made for the pur-
pose of exhibition at the said fair.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I ask that the joint res-
olution be put upon its passage.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think it should
be put upon its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There can
be no objection to it.
The j oint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARRANGEMENT OF SEATS.
Mr. MILES. I desire to offer the following
resolution; and call the previous question upon
its adoption:
Resolved, That it shall he the duty of the Doorkeeper and
Superintendent of Public Buildings to preserve the present
arrangement of the bcnches in the Hall of the House ; and
that any existing order of the House to the contrary is
hereby rescinded. ~
Several Members objected to the resolution.
Mr. MILES. I call for the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution; and I call the
attention of the Chair to the following paragraph
from the Manual.
£! A demand for the previous question immediately upon
submitting a resolution pievcnts debate, and, if seconded,
the resolution need not lie over, as in the ease of debate
arising."
I suppose, therefore, an objection to the resolu-
tion will not prevent its adoption at this time, if
the previous question be seconded.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
adopted by unanimous consent. The State of
South Carolina had been passed in the call, and the
gentleman from South Carolina could only intro-
duce his resolution by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVrS, of Indiana. I object to the con-
sideration of that resolution at this time. When-
the States have been called through it will then be
in order to offer it, I presume.
MASSACHUSETTS SHOEMAKERS.
Mr. McQ,UEEN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read,considered,andagreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inqmie into the expediency of, and if deemed fit
to report a bill for, emancipating the laboring men and wo-
men encased in shoemakiu?, in the State of Massachusetts,
fiom the tyranny of the '• capital'5 men in that State, by re-
pealing ail duty on boots and phoes, leather, and all other
imported articles used m their business.
ARRANGEMENT OP SEATS AGAIN.
Mr. HILL. I now offer the resolution, which
ray friend from South Carolina [Mr. Miles] just
now sought to offer, in relation to the preserva-
tion of the present arrangement of the seats in this
Hall. The State of Georgia, I understand, is now
called; and I have the right, therefore, to offer the
resolution.
Mr. LANDRUM. I object to the introduction
of that resolution.
Mr. MILES. I think the resolution cannot be
objected to. It was received by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HILL. I think I had the right to offer it
under the call of the State of Georgia for resolu-
tions.
Mr. MILES. I again call attention to the par-
agraph which I read from the Manual, by which
it°will be seen that, under the rules, any gentle-
man may have any resolution, offered under the
call of the States for resolutions, acted on finally,
if the previous question is seconded upon it; and
that an objection cannot prevent a vote of the
House upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
agreement of the House, made at the suggestion of
tfie gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to be,
that the Slates should continue to be called for
resolutions only to which no objection should be
made.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I make the further
point of order that the State of Georgia had been
passed in the call, and that Alabama had been
called.
Mr, HILL. No, sir. The State of Georgia
had been just called, as I understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided in
every case that when a State has been passed in
the call, no gentleman can offer any resolution
from that Stefte, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HILL. The State of Georgia had not
been passed, to the best of my knowledge and
belief.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that the resolution of the gentleman is not
in order, objection having been made.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS OVER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, offered the follow-
ing resolution:
Ik
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlme.rir.ayin Congress assembled, That
the two Houses of Congress do adjourn oil the 20th of April
next, unti! the 20th of May next, 1860.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to know, if these res-
olutions go over now, when it will be in order to
discuss them.
The SPEAKER. At some future day, the
Chair supposes, when they come up in their order
for consideration.
Mr. HUGHES. Do the rules make any pro-
vision for calling; up these resolutions for discus-
sion ? If so, I wish to know when they will come
up.
The SPEAKER. Whenever the House sees
fit to order them up, the Chair supposes.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to ask how they may
be called up ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes they
may be called up by proceeding to the business on
the Speaker's table. It is enough for the present,
however, that they cannot be debated now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I call the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
resolution ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution cannot
be introduced.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I want it
to be understood that I will move to suspend the
rules to act on the resolution whenever it will be
proper to do so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. I thmk it is desirable
that the resolution should be voted on. If we are
to adjourn over for a month, I think we should
know it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order; the
resolution has not been received.
VICKSBURG CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. SINGLETON offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committep An the Post Office and
Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
pioviding for the erection of a custom-house and post office
building in the city of Vicksburg, Mississippi.
LOUISIANA POST ROUTES. *
Mr. LANDRUM presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, asking
provision by Congress for the transportation of the
United States mail between Camden, in Arkansas,
and , in Louisiana, and for the transportation
of the mail between Columbia and Homer, in the
parish of Claiborne and State of Louisiana; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
EIGHTS 01? HEBREWS IN SWITZERLAND.
Mr, VALLANDIGHAM offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to: . . ...
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate, if not incompatible with tlie public .interest, any. cor-
respondence between the United States and Switzerland
relating to that clause in the treaty between,the two coun-
tries which discriminates against the privileges, of the-cife- *
izens of the United'States holding the Hebrew faith, when
visiting or sojourning in Switzerland. '< , r,. , *
CRUELTY TO SEAMEN. ' J ' - '
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM also ,offeredthe' fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, cdp^dered,
and agreed to: '' * ' ;
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of immediate and ade-
quate legislation for the punishment and suppressioa Of
cruelties m the American merchant naval service, and
report measures accordingly.
. HOUR RULE.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I give noticeofmy
intention to move an amendment to the 34th,rule
of the House, by striking out the first clause
thereof, limiting debate to one hour.
The SPEAKER. It wili.be entered.
WAR OF 1812.
Mr. HOWARD offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed tq:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish to this House, as early as practicable, an account of
the number of officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, privates, and marines who were in the service of
the Government of the United States during the war with
Great Britain of 1812, for a period of six months and upwards.
SLAVERY.
Mr. BLAKE. I offer the following resolution:
Whereas the chattelizing of humanity and the holding
of persons as property is contrary to natural justice and the
fundamental principles of our political system, and is noto-
nously a reproach to our country throughout the civilized
world, and a seuous hinderance to the progress of repub-
lican liberty among the nations of the earth: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
the same are hereby, instructed to inquire mto the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill giving freedom to eveiy human be-
ing and interdicting slavery wherever Congress has the
constitutional power tc legislate on the subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, and others, objected.
[Cries from the Democratic benches of " Don't
object!"]
Several Members. Let the resolution be read
agai n.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BLAKE. I trust that, as the resolution
is one of reference only, there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the in-
troduction of the resolution? [Cries of " Don't
object!"] The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BRANCH. Iobjecttothepreamble. [Cries
of "It is too late!"]
Mr. HINDMAPs. I hope that there will be
no objection to the introduction of the resolution.
Let it come in, and let us have the yeas and nays
upon it. Let us make up the record.
Mr. SINGLETON. I hope that all objection
will be withdrawn. I want, upon the vote by yeas
and nays, to let the country see how many Rep-
resentatives upon'this floor will vote for such a
resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. At the request of friends all
rounckmc, I withdraw my objection to the pre-
amble.
Mr. SINGLETON. I demand the yeas artd
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to the resolution
[Cries of " It is too late !"] No, it is not too late
I object to-the resolution, and 1 ask that my ob
jectfon be noticed.
Mr. BRANCH. It is too late. The resolution
has jjcen received, and the yeas and nays de-
manded on it. [Cries of " Call the roll!" " Let
us vote !"]
The yeas and nays were ordered
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution; and itwas decided in the negative-
yeas 60, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biayton, Bufiinton, Burlmgame,
Burroughs, Butterfield, Carey, Carter, Colfax, Conkling,
Curtis, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Farn^worth, Foster, Frank, Goocii, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Helmick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Fiancis W. Kel-
logg, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lovejoy, McKean, Morrill,
Ohn, Palmer, Potter. Pottle, Rice, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Somes, Spauldmg, Spinner, William Stewart," Tappau,
Tompkins, Train, Vandever, Waldron, Walton, Cadwala-
