TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 22.
amendment,from the hill which you, sir, had the
honor of introducing. I understood that it was
important to sustain the line referred to by the
Senator from Florida; but I am very glad to learn
that all that is sought to be accomplished can be
accomplished at a cheaper rate.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Florida, What ia the number of miles
on which he stated there was now service on this
route?
Mr. YULEE. I have a memorandum of it,
and I think it is about five or six hundred miles.
I will slate to the Senator the links, and hs can tell
himself. In the first place, there is a service from
New Orleans to Galveston by steamer. There is
then service daily by railroad from Galveston to
Columbus, There is service twice weekly from
Columbus by stages to San Antonio, and there is
service weekly, I think, from San Antonio to
Camanche Spring; and then, there is the twice-a-
week service of the overland company from Ca-
manche Spring to El Paso. The only part of
that route, therefore, for which it is proposed to
pay $250,000, which requires to be raised, is the
part between San Antonio and Camanche Spring,
which only requires to be raised from weeltly to
twice weekly to accomplish the purpose here; and
yet it is proposed to give $250,000; and X state
the same service can be done in a manner that
will cost the Government only j}22,000.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The eastern terminus of
route No. 8076 is at San Antonio. Originally,
the line was from there to San Diego; but it is
frequently spoken of as a service from New Or-
leans to San Diego, for the reason that the service,
on the route from New Orleans to San Antonio
by the: established lines beingcomparativelyslow,
^that is, not express service,) it has become in-
cumbent on the contractors for route No. 8076 to
express from San Antonio to New Orleans, and
in this wayr by transporting the mail with great
celerity on route No." 8076 from El Paso to San
Antonio, and thence by special .express to New
Orleans, the whole service is frequently spoken of
as being from New Orleans to El Paso; and, so far
as speed and certainty are concerned, it becomes
of equivalent value to the great overland route
between St. Louis and El Paso. That is, a letter
will reach El Paso as speedily by New Orleans
as by St. Louis; and so letters from San Fran-
cisco will reach New Orleans as soon as St. Louis.
This express has been started and is kept up at
the sole expense of the contractors on route No.
8076. They have done everything in their power
to prove the facilities of the great southern line.
They have caused the mails to be transported be-
tween New Orleans and El Paso in eight or nine
days, when the schedule time is about nineteen.
They have shown that the mail could be carried
as speedily between El Paso and New Orleans,
as between El Paso and St. Louis; but this will
avail nothing to the southern line, or the interests
connected with it, as long as the service is but
weekly or semi-monthly, and the service on the
northern line to St. Louis is semi-weekly. The
tide ofintercourseundcommercemust,under such
circumstances, tend rapidly to the North instead
of to our own coast and to NewOi leans, its natural
point of attraction.
The Senator from Florida says there are two
hundred and seventy miles of this service now
performed from Camanche Spring to El Paso by
the Butterfield route. Up to the 1st of May, this
route No. 8076 continued from San Antonio to El
Paso, carrying the entire mail of the United States
•—both letters and papers. On the 1st of May,
the Butterfield route was drawn back from its
point of junction with this route some two hun-
dred and seventy miles, and made to form that
junction at Camanche Spring. That being the
case now—from Camanche Spring two hundred
and seventy miles—from the western settlements
of the State of Texas we have no mail convey-
ance for any printed matter whatever, as the But-
terfied route carries nothing but letters.
Mr. GWIN. Permit me to state to the Sena-
tor that the Butterfield contractors have made a
contract with the Post Office Department to carry
the whole mail, printed matter included, semi-
weekly , for $18,000 a year, from Camanche Spring
to El Paso.
Mr. HEMPHILL. When was that done?
Mr. GWIN. At the time the other service was
discontinued.
Mr. HEMPHILL. It was stated here theother
day that the Butterfield route carried the printed
mail matter from El Paso to Fort Yuma. The
route No. 8076, from El Paso to San Diego,as it
was at first, was cut of! by Postmaster General
Brown from El Paso to Fort Yuma, more than
six hundred miles, and the Butterfield route was
put over it; and it was stated the other day that,
the Butterfield line carried. the newspapers over
that portion of the route in addition to the letters,
wh ich their contract required them to carry. No W,
I have letters which state that it does not carry
newspapers, and that the people from El Paso to
Fort Yuma never get a newspaper unless they
pay letter postage. On that point I have a letter
from Lieutenant Mowry, which I will read:
Washington, D. C., June 8, I860.
Sir : In reply to your inquiiy in reference to the carriage
of newt-papeis through Arizona by the oveijand mail, I beg
to say, that I have, had numerous complaints from different
portions of Arizona, to the eftoct that the great overland
mail refused to take the newspapers arriving at El Paso by
the San Antonio and San Diego mail, and directed to towns
in Arizona. The only newspapers forwarded liom St.
Louis, except those paying letter postage, are expressly
forwarded by the agent of the line, and tbey aie, T believe,
sent only to the Arizoman newspaper. I have always un-
derstood that when the great overland mail took the place
of the San Antonio and Sa'n Diego line, between El Paso
and Fort Yuiria, it was with the express understanding that
the newspaper mail should be earned by them. I am un-
able to send newspapers further than El Paso, or rather
Camanche, the teinnnus of the San Antonio line, as my
correspondents inf'oiin me they are never taken by the great
overland mail. This should be remedied in some way, and
I trust will be.
I iuive the honor to be, your obedient servant,
SYLVESTER MOWEY.
Hon. John Hemphill, Unitei Slates Senate.
P. S.—Tins matter has been brought to the notice of the
Postmaster Geueial by Mr. Otero and myself, as well as by
the Postmaster at El Paso, as I am informed.
Mr. YULEE. You are speaking of the route
west of El Paso. This relates to the route east
of it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I speak of the fact that
the overland mail company, unless they have a
special contract, (which I am happy to hear has
been made, although I have not lieaul of it before,
and as it concerns the State of Texas, I should
think some communication might have been made
to the delegation on the subject,) do not carry-
newspapers at all. If they carry the letter mail,
as I suppose they now do, that takes off two hun-
dred and seventy miles of this route. There is a
small portion of the route, from San Antonio to-
wards Camanche Springs, over which there is
another mail which is not mentioned by the hon-
orable Senator from Florida; but that does not
carry any of the through mails. That mail is
from San Antonio to Fort Clark; and I have seen
an advertisement for a contract, weekly, from
Fort Clark to Camanche Springs. Is that the
route the Senator speaks of? 1 should like to
inquire of the Senator, wiio are these gentlemen
that propose to carry this mail for $22,000?
Mr. YULEE. I did not say that any gentle-
men proposed to carry it for $22,000. I said it
was proposed to be carried for $100,000 in a man-
ner that would enable the Department to make
reductions which would reduce the actual cost to
the Government to $22,000.
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 cannot understand that.
If they have a $100,000 contract, 1 cannot see how
the Government only pays $22,000.
Mr. YULEE. The service discontinued would
reduce it to $22,000.
Mr. HEMPHILL. How much service would
be discontinued:
Mr. YULEE. The service discontinued would
be $53,000 for one line to San Antonio, about six
or eight thousand dollars between San Antonio
and Columbus, and $18,000 between Camanche
Spiings and El Paso; all of which, being calcu-
lated together, would leave the cost to the Gov-
ernment about twenty-two thousand dollars for
what it is proposed now to allow $250,000, and
get the same service.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I prefer to see some dis-
tinct proposition from some responsible persun
or persons who are not behind the throne or be-
hind the bush. I want to see who they are, and
know whether they can be relied upon. 1 think
the Butterfield company have enough to do to
keep up their own route from St. Louis and Mem-
phis.
Mr. YULEE. 1 do not think it necessary to
say from whom the offer comes. It is sufficient
to say that responsible and satisfactory parties
make the offer.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I think their contract has
been understood heretofore to require them to
start from Memphis and St. Louis, and I do not
see how they can come voluntarily down to take
possession of this route and take it away from
contractors against whom there is no complaint
and who perforin the service well.
Mr. YULEE. I have not said who made the
offer.
' Mr. HAMMOND. It seems to me, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the whole matter before the Senate is
proper for discussion in committees and in the
Department; we might discuss it here for a year
without ever coming to any understanding. At
all events, I think it would be well to sleep on
it; and I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senator to withdraw
the motion for a moment.
Mr. HAMMOND. Iwillwithd raw it for a mo-
ment if I do not lose the floor.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill for the piesent, to enable
me to ask the Senate to take up the deficiency bill
for the Post Office. The House has returned it to
the Senate with an amendment to our first amend-
ment. I desire to act upon that, and to ask for a
committee of conference.
The motion to postpone was agreed to—ayes
twenty-six, noes not counted.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. Now I move to talce up the
deficiency Post Office bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the amendment of the
House to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 503) making further appropriations
for the support of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860.
Mr. PEARCE. I now ask that the Senate dis-
agree to the House amendment to the Senate's
first amendment, which was read in the Senate
this morning, and farther insist upon the Senate's
third amendment, and ask for a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. HAMMOND. I desire to say a word on
this question. The amendment, as now pre-
sented from the House, has but two changes in it
from the original House bill. One change is to
restore all the routes, they formerly having left
out the routes in ten States. The other change
is to name "the Isabel li n e *J instead of " the
steamer Isabel," in consequencc of the fact that
two trips have been made by other steamers m
thatline. With the exception of thesetwoamend-
ments, the proposition now offered from the House
is the precise amendment we voted on the other
day.
Mr. PUGH. When the bill was callcd up this
morning, the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] moved that the Senate agree to the House
amendment, and that motion is pending. Let us
vote on that. If we do not agiee, then the mo-
tion of the Senator from Maryland follows, of
course.
Mr. HAMMOND. I hope the Chair will state
the question precisely, so that we may know
whether to vote yea or nay. The motion made
by the Senator from Maryland was to disagree to
the House amendment, and the motion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont was to agree. Now, which
is the motion to be voted upon ?
Mr. PUG-H. The motion to agree, I think,
has precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale.)
The motion to agree has precedence, because that
disposes of the question without any conference.
The chair was not occupied by the individual
who now has it, this morning, and he must de-
pend for his information on what is said by the
Senator from Ohio. If that be so, the motion of
the Senator from Vermont is first in order, that
the Senate agree to the amendment of the House.
Mr. HAMMOND. Then those who are dis-
posed to agree in the House bill as it now stands,
will vote " yea."
Mr. BRAGG called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DURKEE, (when his name was called.)
( I am paired off with the Senator from Louisiana,
i [Mr. Benjamin.]
