1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mv
four hours, after the expiration of which time his power
shall absolutely cease as Speaker, and the House shall then
proceed to vote for Speaker as if no such election had taken
place. And for and during the said period of twenty-four
hours, the rules of the late House of Representatives shall
be adopted for oui government, except that no membei
shall be permitted to speak tor more than five minutes on
any question which may come before this House; and ex-
cept further, that the said Thomas Corwin shall not have
power to appoint the regular business committees of this
House.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I offered that resolu-
tion, sir, in good faith. I offered it in the hope
that it would be acceded to unanimously; that it
would meet with the approbation of gentlemen
upon all sides of the House. And I hoped that
after it was adopted, during the twen|jr-four hours
that this House would be organize, ■vre would
secure the passage of a deficiency bill to pay the
expenses of the Post Office Department of the
United States. We are ill debt to the mail con-
tractors of the United States $4,000,000. It is
an honest debt, honestly contracted for services
honestly performed. We all owe it. It is not a
Democratic debt; it is not a Republican debt; it
is not an American debt; but it is a national debt.
It is the debt not of one man, but of every man.
It is my debt and your debt; it is the debt of all
of us. It is a debt that the people of this nation
owe to honest and innocent contractors. The
credit, the faith, the honor, the integrity of this
nation is pledged for its prompt and faithful pay-
ment. I was then, and am now, unwilling that
the national honor and the national credit should
be impaired by the failure of the Congress of the
United States to pay a debt which we all owe.
Thisdebtwill havotobepaid atsome time. Why
not pay it now? It is a debt owed by the nation
—honestly owed. As honest men we owe it to
ourselves to secure its prompt payment. It is
due now. We are in default. The faith and
credit of the nation are in peril. Under these cir- ■
cumstances, should our Republican friends have
objected to that resolution when it was offered ? I
hope, however, they will not do so again. They
have had time to consider on the matter. Surely
they can give 110 reason why an honest debt
should not be paid; and surely they would not
force a Republican organization at the expense of
a breach of national faith, and at a sacrifice of
thousands of innocent public creditors. It is their
debtaswell as mine. Let us, then, as honest and
just men, so far forget our political strife, as to do
justice to these suffering and ill-treated cieditors.
We can pass a resolution for the appointment of
a temporary Chairman, and, during the existence
of bis power, we can pass an appropriation bill
which will enable us to fulfill all our engagements
and redeem the credit of the nation, and thus save
thousands from bankruptcy and ruin.
Mr. W.ILSON. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania seems anxious for the payment of these
debts, as just and legal debts of the Government.
I would ask him whether he will accept the plu-
rality ruler
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If, Mr. Clerk, I oven
were willing to accept the plurality rule, there are
many others in this House who are unwilling to
do so. If we had three fourths of this House who
were willing to resort to the plurality rule to se-
cure an organization, the remaining one fourth
could preventits adoption by means ot those rights
conferred on them by the parliamentary law. If
there were ten men in this House who protested
against it, the gentleman from Indiana knows full
well we could not, under the parliamentary law,
force an organization; and lie knows, too, as well
as I can tell him, that there are more than ten or
twenty or fifty men here who object to it, and
will not submit to the adoption of that rule. But
here is a proposition—a fair and honest and just
one—which will enable us to fulfill the engage-
ments of the nation; and which, if adopted, would
save more than a thousand men in this country,
to whom we are indebted, from being wholly and
entirely ruined. What a humiliating spectacle it
will present to have the auctioneer exposing the
property of the creditors of the Government to
sale on the block, because the national Congress
would not, for twenty-four hours, suspend their
political animosities to pass a bill to pay the hon-
est debts of the nation! What must the world
think of us when they contemplate the American
Congress standing by whilst all this ruin is being
wrought; and yet, to advance some party or per-
sonal purpose, stubbornly refusing to pass an ap-
propriation bill to save those who placed their
credit on the faith of the nation, from hopeless
and inevitable bankruptcy ? Why do Republicans
object to this temporary organization, if their ob-
ject be not to force upon us an organization that
is objectionable? Why object to it? It will not
injure the Republican party; it cannot injure our
party; it can injure no party; and it will confer a
blessing upon suffering and honest men.
Let Republicans reflect; this is a debt, as I have
said, of the whole people—it involves the credit
and faith of the nation. You have no right to
expect all the sacrifices to save the country from
dishonor and her creditors from ruin, to come from
the Democratic side of the House. You should
not only be willing, but anxious, to show your
zeal in such a cause, by cooperating in a measure
so wise, so salutary, and so imperatively neces-
sary, as the proposition which I made, and which
I intend to renew. Your love for your country
should stand high above your devotion to party.
You should blush at even the suspicion that you
desire to extort the election of a Republican
Speaker from the reluctance of Democrats to see
the national faith dishonored. Like true men,con-
sider these debts you owe, and make every sacri-
fice consistent with honor to have them paid. We
can make tins temporary organization, pass a de-
ficiency bill, pay our debts, redeem our obliga-
tions, save the country from dishonor, and then
go steadily to work again to get up a permanent
organization of this House.
I proposed Mr. Corwix as Speaker, because ho
is well known as a conservative, national, Union-
loving'man, and because, being a Republican, it
would be a guarantee to that party that no advant-
age was intended or could be taken of him.
But Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Colfax,] on yesterday, attacked the propo-
sition for a temporary organization as a violation
of the Constitution of the United States, and my
principal objcct in speaking to-day is to repel
that charge. I could not then obtain the floor,
and I reply now, at the earliest moment, so that
the charge may bo accompanied by the refutation.
• The Constitution of the United States confers
upon the members of the House of Representa-
tives the power to elect a Speaker and other offi-
cers, but does the Constitution compel us to elect
a Speaker for any given time ? Does it require us
to elect a Speaker for a mouth, or two months,
01-for two yuai s ? Why, certainly not. Wehave
power to elect a Speaker on every morning that wo
assemble. Ho is the creature ofthis House. He is
elected by our votes—and the tact that he is elect-
ed generally for two years does not necessarily
continue him in office forlliat tnne. Every morn-
ing when this House assembles, it may proceed to
elect a presiding officer for the day. There is no
constitutional provision which requires that the
Speaker of this House should continue m office
for two yeais, nor for any other period.
Cut the gentleman from Indiana told us that
the proposition was unconstitutional, and ex-
pressed his surprise thnt it should come from
gentlemen who contended for a strict construction
of the Constitution. 1 affirm, and I am ready to
prove it by the history of the legislation of any
free country, that the right to eiect a temporary
Speaker by the body over which he is to preside
is an indisputable right. I will show that it has
been practiced in England for centuries; that it
has been practiced tune and again in our own
country, and under our own Constitution, from
the time of the fathers of the Republic down to a
very late period in our history.
I send to the Clerk's desk the Manual, and ask
him to read the paragraph I have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows;
Where the Speaker has been ill, other Speakers pro
tempore have been appointed. Instances of this are 1 //.,
4. Sir John (ihevno>.and for Sir William Stnrton-, and in
15 JT., G. Sir John Tyrrel, m 1656, January 27; 1658,
Maich 9; 1659, January 13.
Hir Job Charlton ill, Sejmour chosen. }
1673, February 18. I Not merely pi o
SeymourbeinErill, Sir Robert Sawyer^tempore. 1 Ghtmi.
chosen, A pill 15. 169, -70, 277.
Sawyer being ill, Seymour chosen. J
Thorpe in execution, a new Speaker chosen, 31 H. VI,
3 Grey, 11; and Maicli 14, 1694, Sir John Trevor chosen.
There have been no later instance^. D Hats., 161; 1 Imt.;
8 Z. Pari263. &
A Speaker may be temoved at the will of the House, and
a Speakei pro tempore appointed. 2 Grey, 186; 0 G-i ey,
134.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. That, sir, has been
the principle of parliamentary law for ®nturie 
in England. It is the parliamentary law in Eng-
land now. It is the parliamentary lfl.w here,' It
has perhaps never been called in questioa until it,
was controverted on yesterday by the geatlemaij'
from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.] "There has hereto-
fore been no question about the power tfpSer'pijr
Constitution. ' , '
But, sir, I have shown how the parliamentary
law stands in England . I will now come down to
later times, and to the precedents in our own
country. I quote from the Journal of tlije. HotMJe
of Representatives, page 266, April 20, 1798:.
"Friday, April §0, 1798. ' •
" The Speaker being indisposed and unable to attend,
"It was, on motion,
" Resolved, That this Iluuse do now proceed by ballot, to
the choice of a Speaker pro tempore; and the ballots being
taken, a majority ol the votes of the whole House was
lound m favor ottieoige Dent, one of the Representatives
of the State of Maryland. Whereupon,
"The said George Dent was conducted to the chair, frojn
whence lie addiessed the House as foiloweth."
After the election of the Speaker pro tempore,
the business of the House .proceeded as if thexegji-
lar Speaker had been in the chair. That was the
parliamentary law m 1798, when the fathers of
this RepuMic and the framers of the Constitution
wereupon thisfloor,legislating for thisUnion,and
giving an interpretation to the instrument they
had made. I read from the HouSe Journal, page
9^3, for the year 1847:
" Tuesday, June M0, 1S48.
" The Cleik called the House to order, and stated that the
Speaker was still so much indisposed as to prevent liim
from resuming the duties of the Chair.
'" And, theieUpon,
" On motion of Mr. Dakipl P. Kivs, it was unanimously
" Resolved, That Mr. Armisteud Buit, of South Carolina,
be appointed Speaker pro tempore, to discharge the duties
-of the Chair du.ini; the piescnr week, if the Speaker shall
so Ion? leinaln unable to give lus attendance.-''
Here, Mr. Clerk, it will be seen, are two in-
stane.es where two Speakers were regularly elected
pro tempore, to hold office until the regular Speaker
should be able to take the chair.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will my
colleague be kind enough to show me any instance
where, before the House "was organized, as ga
original question, a Speaker has been electedpro
lemv'jrc ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to have my colleague refer me to the instance.
Mr. MONTGOMERY.. Yes, sir, I will show
the gentleman my authority; and when I have
satisfied my colleague in reference to the power
and the practice, Ttrust he will turn in anil sup-
port the resolution which I have offered, and
contribute his vote and influence and lelieve the
creditors of the Government from their present
suffering condition. And now to the law and the
evidence. I read from the Congressional Globe
of 1839-40, page 19. The House was not yet
organized. Mr. Adams had made his very ex-
traordinary speech, in which he addressed the
members of the House, not through their Clerk,
as their presiding oflicer,but as4' fellow-citizens.''
lie related to them a celebrated instance in the
history of Virginia, in which, when Governor
Dunmorc had prorogued the Legislature, they
assembled .in a tavern,-elected a Speaker, and
resolved themselves into a convention. Mr. A'd-
ams said it might be a little irregular for tflis
House to adjourn to a tavern, a£ the Virginia
Legislature had done, butthat, in timesJike these,
irregularity should not be considered. The House
had been m session at that time four days, with-
out electing a Speaker.
■ '■ Mj-, Jvhett then otfeied a resolution that Lewis YV ii,-
r.iA MK, the oldest membei of the House, be appointed chair-
man ol" this meeting until the House should be oisanized.
'k Mr. Williams objected to the introduction of the res-
olution. He thought they could have questions put if the
Clerk would only do lus duty a? all other Cleiks! of the
House had done. Besides, it it was? competent to put the
question on this resolution, it wav al<o competent to put
the question on the resolution of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, which preceded it.
u Mr. Underwood as-ked of the Cierk if he would be
willing to put a question if a majority of membew present
desired it?
" Mr. Ga.ri.and stated that he was willing to put ques-
tions if it was the will of the House that he should do so.
"Mr. Underwood then asked the Clerk to put the ques-
tion on the resolution submitted by him.
"Several voices were heard crying,'No. No. and
much confusion prevailed at the time.
<( Mr. THoarrsow, of South Carolina, submitted to the
House that, sooner .or later, they must adbpt the resolution
