3250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
rQut&s. IQ; ^e*Fa.cifte " slope; thus absorbing the
Post Office revenue, while you profess to be too
poor to serid the mail to my constituents. I wilt
submit to no such thing. I stood by this order
of the Postmaster General as long' as 1 saw any
prospect of carrying ft out in good faith; but when
1 see the'moncy yote<f away"upon ocean steamers
and upon overland routes to the amount of mil-
lions, I choose to interpose and do all I can do,
and that is, to vote to restore this serviee, and put
my, owji constituents back where they started.
Mr; HAMMOND. The question how to re-
form the postal service seems to be brought up on
this motion to rcconsider, by the observations of
the Senator from Mississippi. I have said here-
tofore that the basis'of a restoration is doubling
the postages, and I think there is no other feasi-
ble plan. Now, sir, if you look at the statement
that was given to us in the early part of the ses-
sion by the Postmaster General, you will find that
only one or two States support their postal ser-
vice; but they have large cities, which have a
great deal of intercourse with the rest of the coun-
try. For instance, if I write many letters to an
agent in any of the large cities—New York, or
Boston, or elsewhere—he charges me postage for
•what he writes back; and thus it appears on the
Post Office books thathis State pays its postages,
though I actually pay the postage for him.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from South
Carolina allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HAMMOND. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to know if he writes
a letter to his correspondent, and that correspond-
ent charges him with the postage, how the letter
gets to him, when the law provides that the post-
age shall be prepaid, and the agent must actually
pay it before he sends it? I want him to tell me
that. "
Mr. HAMMOND. It goes in my account.
Mr. HAfylLIN. Is it put in the Senator's ac-
count', he having already paid it?
Mr. HAMMOND. No. I pay my postage,
and he charges me with his on the letters he sends
in return.
Mr. RICE. If the Senator from South Caro-
lina will allow me, 1 should like him to state to
the Senate the amount of reduction made in his
State by the Postmaster General.
Mr. HAMMOND. Oh, I do not know.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator permit me to
state?
Mr. HAMMOND. Certainly, if you know.
Mr. RICE. I think I do know. In looking
over the list of reductions in the various States, I
find that South Carolina, instead of having been
reduced one dollar, has had her service increased
(2,701. She was not cut down a dollar when all
the rest of the States, especially the one which I
have the honor in part to represent, were cut
down. While my State was cut down $70,000,
the service in South Carolina was increased over
two thousand dollars. Now, if the honorable
Senator will permit me a moment more  
Mr. HAMMOND. Certainly.
Mr. RICE. I would like to say to the Senator
that this discussion is rather amusing to me.
Mr. HAMMOND. And to me.
Mr. RICE. It ought to be amusing to the Sen-
ator. Here are facts which ought to be stated.
The southern States control nearly every depart-
ment of this Government; all the bureaus are in
their hands; and when a question of economy
comes up here, I find that the men of the South
yield. The honorable Senator from Mississippi
would lead the Senate and the country to believe
that the men upon the by-roads of his State had
no mails. What js the fact? In reducing the
service, the Postmaster General cut it down in
Mississippi only #29,000; while in my State he cut
it down over seventy thousand dollars. I did not
complain. I sustained liim then and approved of
his course,and 1 approve of it now, and shall con-
tinue to do so. lie then goes on and speaks as
though his State 
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 did not yield the floor to
the Senator from Minnesota to make a speech.
Mr. RICE. But one word more. I just wish
to correct a statement made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, in regard to the expenses
of the Post Office service over the receipts in his
State. He says he knows who pays for all this.
I think some of us in the North ou^ht to know
or begin to understand it by this time. In his
Statesthe cost of the mail service is $268,454 76
above the receipts. Now, I thank the Senator
from South Carolina for his indulgence, and sit
down.
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not think, Mr. Pres-
ident, with due respect to my friend from Min-
nesota, that that really has anything to do with
the merits of the question.
Mr. RICE. I do not think facts have.
Mr. HAMMOND. There is no telling what
the Postmaster General might have thought it
necessary for hkn to increase or decrease; but I
know that he has reduced routes that ought not
to have been reduced. Though he may have added
§2,000 on some routes in my State, the five or ten
thousand dollars he has taken off has been a se-
rious inconvenience. As far as I am personally
concerned, and as far as I know, the increase has
been nothing to any of us. No doubt it has been
beneficial; but the decrease has been a serious dis-
advantage to me, and to all that live upon the line
of country mails that I am interested in. The
service has been curtailed to such a degree as to
render it no service at all. I would rather—and'
I think that is the general opinion in my pai'ticu-
lar section of the country—that they would just
abandon it at once, and let us putup a postal route
of our own.
But, sir, the principle involved in this matter is
this: your citics make a great show of paying post-
ages, and those States that have large commercial
citics have been enabled to show a balance in
their favor^n the Post Office books. How do
they make this balance? They make it by their
country correspondence. It is in this particular,
as in all other respects, that the country is made
tributary to the towns. The towns soak us up like
a sponge. They live upon us. They produce
nothing. They make great fortunes by managing
our exchanges—the exchanges of the country
productions—and, not contcnt with this, not con-
tent with all the advantages they have, they want
now to get their postage free. It is a part of the
old war of the towns upon the country; the old
war by which those who do not produce want to
make fortunes out of those who do. That is the
point in this question of cheap postage, as it is in
the tariff. They both rest upon the same prin-
ciple. The principle is a monopoly by which
the country people can be made to pay to the
town people and to the manufacturers.
But to come back to the pioposition before us,
I repeat, for the third time, that I do not think it
reflects upon the Department. I think, if we re-
store any route, we ought to restore all the routes,
and leave the Postmaster General, just as he is
entitled now by law, to discontinue any route he
chooses; and that is the whole amount of the bill
from the House. It does not interfere with the
Postmaster General at all, except to recommend;
for it is nothing but a recommendation, and the
recommendation is not coupled with a restriction
of his power to discontinue.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, we have heard a
groat deal in regard to this subject of increasing
the expenditures of the Post Office Department,
and diminishing the postal facilities; and there has
been a great deal said about special contracts melt-
ing down and destroying the revenues of the De-
partment, and especially the contracts for service
to the Pacific. Sir, we have to make provision
for transporting our letters to the Pacific coast, as
we do our munitions of war. If you want to send
a cannon there, to man your fortifications, you
have to pay for its transportation. So it is in re-
gard to letters; and when we get them there, we
want them distributed, as they are distributed in
other sections of the country.
But when we ask for these special contracts,
we are willing to have our people taxed for them;
for, in the very proposition which has been con-
sidered this evening, we have proposed to make
the rate of postage on the overland letters ten
cents. While we ask additional facilities of com-
munication, we are willing that our people shall
be taxed for them. Not only that, but we do not
wish to burden the Post Office service with the
j expense of transporting mails across the conti-
; nent and by the ocean route to California; and in
! the very measure under consideration wc have
[ agreed that the expenses of the postal servicc
| across the continent shall be paid out of the na-
tional Treasury, as the expenses of transporting
I munitions of war and building our fortifications
and navy-yards are paid out of the national
Treasury.
Now, Mr. President, while the Senator from
South Carolina and other Senators from the South
have been denouncing these special contracts, and
stating that we are thus bankrupting the Post
Office Department, where have they ever agreed
that their constituents shall be taxed by an addi-
tional expense on their letters ? We have put it
in our bill; but what Senator from the South has
proposed to raise the postages on their own let-
ters? It is all lip-service when they say they are
willing to pay high. Why do they not propose
it ? Where is their proposition ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frijday, June 22, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H.
Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. 500) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
enuing the 30th of June, 1861; and an act (H.R.
No. 501) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1861; when the Speaker signed
the same.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I submit the following re-
port from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses of Congress on Senate bill No. 104, enti-
tled "An act for the final adjustment of private land claims
in the States of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mis-
souu, and for other purposes," have considered the same,
and report that the committee recommends that the Senate
lecede fiom its disagreements to the amendments of the
House, and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment : Strike out the woid "Arkansas" wherever it occurs
in the bill or title of the bill.
THOMAS GREENE DAVIDSON,
SAMUEL H. WOODSON,
CHARLES B. HOARD,
Managers on the part of the House,
WILLIAM K. SEBASTIAN,
TRUSTEN POLK,
JAMES R. DOOL1TTLE,
Managers vn the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committees of the House who have
reports in readiness upon matters referied to them be per-
mitted to deliver said reports to the Clerk of the House, and
that they be printed; and that all bills and resolutions so
reported be referred to the Committee of the Whole ; and
alt bills, resolution*, and other papers, upon which no re-
ports have been made, shall be returned informally to the
Cleik. and shall, by vntue of this resolution, stand recom-
mitted at the commencement of the next session of Con-
gtes> to said committees, to whose possession the Clerk is
heteby directed to deliver them.
NEW YORK POST OFFICE DEFALCATION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Whereas, on the lGth day of May, I860, the House adopted
a resolution calling on the Postmaster General for certain
information in regard to the defalcation of Isaac V. Fowler,
late postmaster ot the city of New York ; and whereas the
said Postmaster General, in his letter accompanying his re-
port made in compliance with said resolution, among other
things says :
" In reply to which I have the honor to jeport that the
defalcation of Isaac V. Fowler, late postmaster at New
York, was communicated to me, for the first time, on the
10th of May, I860, and 1 have no reason to believe that it
was known to this Departmental an earlier day. On reach-
ing Washington from the South, in the la^t week of April,
upon inquiry, I learned through tile Aud iter's ollice that the
accounts of the postmaster at New Yoi k had been audited
and balanced to the 3ist of December, 1H.)9; but that those
for the quarter ending 31stMaich, i860, had not been ad-
justed for want of the account current, which had not been
received." ***** * * *
"The true explanation, however, of the jgnoiance of the
Department of the existence and pi ogress of this fi aud must
be sought for in tne failure of the Sixth Auditor to report
the constantly recurring delinquencies of Mr. Fowler to the
Postmaster General." * * *" * * *
"While pronouncing, as I feel constrained to do, this ap-
plication of a part of the deposits of the last quarter of 1858
