342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
just offered by "his colleague, [Mr. Rhett,] as it would be
impossible to organize without some proceeding of the
kind. The objection of tbe gentleman from North Caro-
lina, that there was a resolution that had precedcnce, could
only apply in regularly-organized bodies, where parliament-
ary rules could be observed, and did not apply to this meet-
ing, which was yet in a state of disorganization.
"Mr. Rhett then varied his motion, so as to call Mr.
Adams to the chair, instead of Mr. Williams ; and putting
the question himself to the meeting it was carried, and Mr.
Adams took the chair.
" Much confusion and noise being heard in the galleries,
and some hisses,
" Mr. Thompson, of South Carolina, said that lie an-
nounced to the galleries that if there was the slightest in-
terruption to the business of the meeting, he would call on
the President for a military force to preserve order."
And he presided for eleven days over the pro-
ceedings of the House as temporary chairman,
at which time an organization took place. These
are the precedents.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman inform me whether he considers Mr.
Adams as the Speaker of the House under that
resolution?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I consider him pre-
cisely what Mr. Corwin would be if he were
elected to-day. I consider the Speaker pro tem-
pore precisely the same as any other Speaker.
His power was the same as was possessed by the
other Speakers elected pro tempore, in the instances
I have already quoted, where the regular Speaker
was sick and unable to attend the sessions of the
House. If, under the Constitution, we have power
to elect a Speaker pro tempore at. one time, we pos-
sess it at another. If the Constitution gives the
power, as the Constitution does not change, we
always possess it. If Congress had the power,
in the instances I have quoted, to elect a Speaker
pro tempore, they have it to-day, and every other
day on which they assemble as a legislative
body. If the Constitution gives us power to elect
a Speaker pro tempore, he possesses, for the time
being, all the power possessed by any other Speak-
er, and whatever legislation would bo proper under
a permanent Speaker would be proper whilst he
was in the chair. It is folly to say he would be
less than Speaker. The only difference between
him and any other Speaker is the time for which
his office continues. The limitation is on the time
he shall hold his oflice, and not on the manner in
which he shall discharge its duties. If the Con-
stitution gives us power to elcct a Speaker pro
tempore, it is all I now ask. If ever circumstances
can exist that demand that we should have such
an organization of Congress, they surely exist
now.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask my col-
league to tell me, before he sits down, whether
there was any legislation during the administra-
tion of Mr. Adams as Chairman of this House?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I have not examined;
but 1 will send the Globe to my colleague, in
order that he may examine for himself.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. There was
no legislation during Mr. Adams's administra-
tion; and there is, therefore, a radical difference
between what my colleague proposes and what
took place at that time.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. That there was no
legislation docs not prove that there could have
been none. In the other cases that I have referred
to there was legislation; tlie House proceeded with
its regular business as if the regular Speaker had
been present. What do wo see taking place in
the Senate every day? Do they not cleet a Pres-
ident pro tempore ? Certainly they do; and they
do so under the very Constitution upon which I
ask the election of Mr. Coiiwin, We have pre-
cisely the same power to elect a Speaker pro tem-
pore that the Senate have to clect a President pro
tempore. And docs not the legislation of the coun-
try proceed under the Presidentpro tempore of the
Senate in the same manner as though the Vice
President was in the chair2
Again: How does your Clerk sit there to-day,
presiding over your deliberations5 There is no
low, there is no rule for it; but he does so by force
of precedent alone. He sits there, and, for the
time being, he is Speaker pro tempore of this House,
to a certain and limited extent. What is that
limited extent? To preside over the deliberations
of this body until the election of a Speaker. The
moment you induct a Speaker into that chair,that
moment he ceases to preside over us and legis-
lation can commence. If twenty-four hours istoo
short a time, then make it as much longer as is
necessary for the passage of the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
Now, sir, what is the situation of this House r
We are here, as yet, unorganized. We are not a
legislative body. We can pass no laws. Nor is
there the slightest apparent prospect of an early
organization. Upon the opposite side of the House
our Republican friends have presented an un-
broken front. They have not at any time offered
any compromise. They have voted uniformly,
steadily, persistently—1 will not say stubbornly
—for but one man. The Democratic party, on
the contrary, after having made a regular nomin-
ation, adhered to their candidate for a time suffi-
cient to demonstrate that there was no possibil-
ity of his election. We were then relieved from
further responsibility by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock,] who, with commendabi'e
manhood, as creditable to himself as it was cred-
itable to the party that nominated him, arose in his
place and withdrew his name as a candidate. The
Democratic party has since been free to select any
candidate that might be more acceptable. When
Mr. Bocock declined, he said, by his manly, patri-
otic act, to his Democratic colleagues, " I relieve
you from your responsibility; make such compro-
mise of feeling as you think proper and consistent
to secure the election of any conservative, national
man as Speaker. I sacrifice my private ambition
for the good of the country." From that moment
we have been unceasing in our efforts to secure
the election of some good and true man as our
presiding officer. We have held out the olive
branch to .all parties in this House from day to
day. We have presented candidate after candi-
date. Still from the Republicans there came one
unceasing answer: we will have no compromise;
we will have no man but John Sherman. They
seem to have but one man. Time and time again
they have been told by members on this side of
the House that their man was seriously objec-
tionable to them. I do not desire to say anything
against Mr. Sherman. I have been in this House
with him now going on three years; and he has
been kind, courteous, and gentlemanly to me.
Yet, sir, the fact is undisputable that he is objec--
tionable to a large number of the gentleman upon
this side. The Republicans have listened to these
objections to their candidate from day to day; yet
they have never attempted to conciliate this op-
position by presenting another man who will be
less objectionable. This House should not be
presided over by a man who is so objectionable
to the whole southern portion of our Confederacy.
Our scheme of government is one of compromises
and concessions. Why not extend the spirit to
the election of Speaker? We should have the
same respect for the feelings of others wo would
desire others to have for ours.
If the Republicans are not worshipers of men
why not do as we have done? Withdraw your
caucus candidate and bring forward some other.
I would remind Republicans that, whilst they
have made no compromise, whilst they here per-
sistently and consistently refuse to make any,
they yet appeal to this side to concede to them
the plurality rule. Is this fair, is it honorable, to
refuse on your part to yield anything, and to ask
us to yield everything? Gentlemen, if you ex-
pect members on this side of the House to make
concessions to you, show the proper spirit, by
treating their earnest and solemn protests with
some respect. Show them that you are not un-
yieldingly cemented to the fortunes of a single
candidate—that you have other good men, and
that you dare to present them. But, sir, no such
spirit of compromise as I indicate has been mani-
fested." We are apparently no nearer an organi-
zation now than we were the first day we met.
Until an organization is had no legislation can be
carried through. Under these circumstances, and
at this time, with the appeals of tfle suffering
creditors of the nation ringing in our ears, I come
forward and propose this temporary organization
as a peace measure; and I appeal to every mem-
ber who "loves his country, and who is proud of
her unsullied faith and untarnished honor, to give
it his support. This resolution, if adopted, will
organize this House for a period long enough to
enable us to pass an appropriation bill which will
redeem the crcdit and honor of the Government,
enable us to fulfill our engagements, and save
thousands of men from bankruptcy and ruin.
When that is done, we can all come back to con-
test this question of organization with new zest
and interest. And we will then have the conso-
lation, that although we consunfc much time, yet
the honor of our country is at least secure.
Sir, before I take my scat, I renew that resolu-
tion. I hope that it may be taken up, considered,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope that my remarks will
not be further interrupted. The gentleman can
rise and state his point of order when I have con-
cluded.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will st%fre his point of order.
Mr. REAGAN. I am upon the floor, and I
presume that the gentleman cannot take it from
me.
The CLERK. The gentleman is entitled to the
floor, but he will recollect that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has the right to interrupt him on a
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If my col-
league's motion is entertained, I propose to make
a point of order on it.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman raises a point
of order, not upon me, but upon his colleague. I
have the floor, and I hope I shall be permitted to
proceed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will be
brief. My colleague has submitted a motion to
be entertained by the House. I want to set that
matter right.
Mr. REAGAN. I would yield with pleasure
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but if I yield
to him, I will have to yield to others, and I will
find myself to-day in the same position that I was
in yesterday.
Mr. STEVENS,_ of Pennsylvania. If my col-
league withdraws his motion then I have no point
of order to raise.
Mr. REAGAN. I only gave way to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Montgomery] to
make a statement, and certainly not for any mo-
tion that would interfere with the conclusion, at
this time, of my remarks, which have already
been so much interrupted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I only rise
to a question of order, if my colleague insists upon
his resolution; otherwise I do not.
Mr. REAGAN. If the resolution is before the
House, the gentleman can make his point of order
when I have concluded.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I promise
not to be more than five minutes.
Mr. REAGAN. Yesterday I allowed inter-
ruptions against my sense of propriety, and I
do not to-day want to be j>laccd m the jsame posi-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I admire
the gentleman\s good nature in yielding to every-
body. 'I do not wish to interrupt him further
than to state briefly a point of order.
The CLERK. It was impossible for the Clerk
to know for what purpose the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Montgomery] took the floor
by the consent of the gentleman from Texas.
Whilst occupying the floor, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania offered a resolution. That resolu-
tion having been proposed, the Clerk thinks that
the gentleman's colleague can now take the floor
to raise a question of order upon it.
Mr. REAGAN. If it is the object of the gen-
tleman to raise his point now, m order to save his
legal rights, I do not object; but if it is the object,
m this indirect way, to take the floor from me, I
do protest. The gentleman, I think, can raise his
point now, and discuss it after I have concluded.
The CLERK. The Clerk knows of no rule
which will now prevent the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania raising his question of order, and stating
it, whoever may be upofi the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman does not make
the point on me.
Mr. ST?EVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will not
occupy five minutes.
Mr. REAGAN. I yield to the gentleman; but
hereafter 1 give notice that I shall unconditionally
decline to be further interrupted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I then make
the point of order that the resolution now offered
is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The resolution
has not been received, as I understand it.
