1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The reso-
lution has been offered, and I am objecting to it.
The CLERK. It has been proposed, and read
to the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Butreadonly
for information. . ?
The CLERK. Only for information; but the
fentleman from Pennsylvania proposed it to the
louse before he took his seat. The House has
not yet entertained the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. And there-
fore I raise a point of order. I ask the Clerk to
i"<*ad a pari of the second section of an act of
Congress, passed June 1,1789. - -
The clause was read, as follows:^
" Jind be it further enacted, That at the first session of
Congress alter every general election ot Representatives,
the oath or affirmation aforesaid, shall be administered by
any one member of the House of Eepresentatives to the
Speaker; and by him to all the members present, and to the
Clerlt, previous to entering on any othei business."
Now, sir, here I make the point of order that,
previous to entering upon any business, an act of
Congress requires that the oath shall be adminis-
tered to the Speaker, and by him to all the mem-
bers and to the Clerk. That is an act of Congress,
and no resolution of this body can repeal it. The
proposition now offered is a mere absurdity. A
proposition to legislate before the House is organ-
ized,is to do business before the Speaker is sworn,
before the members are sworn, before the Clerk is
sworn; and your act of Congress says it shall not
be done, ana all the precedents of my colleague
have no more application to it than they have to
the French war. They were under the old colo-
nial™ vernments ; and where a temporary Speaker
has been elected, it was to preside over a body
which had been organized, and after the body had
the power to adopt any resolution they might
choose. But until a legislative body has been or-
ganized, there never lias been, in this Government,
aSpeaker pro (enipore,noran organization pro tem-
pore. "Why, sir, the likmg the case of Mr. Adams
with this is a simple absurdity. He was chosen
chairman for the purpose of organizing the House,
and not for the purpose of legislation. Idenythat
there is such a thing known to our Government
as the temporary choice of Speaker, or a tempo-
rary choice of Clerk, which shall expire except
with the Congress. I know provision is made
that where a Speaker is sick a temporary appoint-
ment may be made, or where a Speaker is guilty
of misconduct, he may be removed and another
person put in his place. Think of this House
organizing to-day, and all the officers sworn in, and
to-morrow disorganized and going back to chaos
and starting again for the purpose of organizing.
Let me say, without disrespect, that my col-
league's whole argument is what is known in
mathematics aS reductio ad absurdum—a simple
absurdity.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from
Texas allow me to ask a question of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope I
have not exceeded the time yielded me by the
gentleman from Texas, and I trust I shall be
drawn into no further debate.
Mr. BRANCH. I simply desire to ask aques-
tion. It will occupy but two or three minutes.
Mr. REAGAN. I shall have to decline.
Mr. BRANCH. After the gentleman's cour-
tesy yesterday, I do not feel authorized to press
the request.
Mr. WILSON. During the remarks of thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,]
my colleague [Mr. Colfax] was not present. He
is not present now. I have no doubt, if any re-
ply is necessary, he will make a reply whenever
an opportunity is afforded him.
Mr. REAGAN. When I was yesterday thrown
off the remarks I intended to submit, I was pre-
senting some considerations which I deerfed suf-
ficient to authorize the elements which oppose
the Republican party to unite in an attempt to
organize the House by the election of one of their
members. I had presented the fact—and I refer
to it again this morning—that the Legislatures of
a number of the free States had, by their action in
a legislative capacity, attempted to impede the
execution of the act of Congress authorizing the
recapture of fugitive slaves; which act was passed
in accordance with the provisions of the B ederal
Constitution. I had presented this as one of the
evidences of the revolutionary character of the
Republican party; as one of the evidences that it
disregarded the compacts of the Federal Consti-
tution. The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Cbrtis,]
and also the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] interposed a statement that the personal
liberty bills of these States, and the habeas corpus
acts, and such legislation as I had supposed was
intended to defeat the fugitive slave law, were only
intended to vindicate their views of the writ of ha-
beas corpus. I am not disposed now to enter into
a discussion of a question like that. They, them-
selves, certainly do not suppose that such a state-
ment can be taken for anything more than a mere
specious attempt to amuse those who hear them.
There can be no question—looking to the attempts
of the Legislatures which passed those laws; look-
ing to the tone of the public press, indicating what
would be done and what Ijad been done upon this
subject; locking to the expressions of the politi-
cians, lecturers, and preachers of the whole band
engaged in this crusade—there can be no ques-
tion, I say, that they themselves cannot entertain
a doubt, and, I imagine, would not seriously as-
sert and ask to be believed, that those Legislatures
had only in view a vindication of the writ of habeas
corpus—that those acts were not designed to im-
pede the operation of the fugitive slave law, and
to take out of the hands of the owners of slaves
the remedy which was designed for their good.
Why, sir, they would not dare to make any such
assertion seriously. If they should assert that it
was not the purpose of their party, and of the
men who were engaged in the enactment of those
laws, to secure the release of fugitive slaves, they
would not be regarded as in good fellowship with
their own political organization.
But, Mr. Clerk, a better answer to that is, that
the act of Congress with which they propose, by
their legislation, to interfere—an act which was
designed for the benefit of a portion of the States,
and which could do injury to the other—has been
adjudicated by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and declared to be a constitutional act.
Then the best they can make of their opposition,
were an attempt to make it even plausible, is that
they have undertaken, as they have in reference
to the Dred Scott decision, to set up their judg-
ment in opposition to the court of last resort au-
thorized to adjudicate upon the subject. They place
themselves in opposition to the Supreme Court of
the United States, which, by the Constitution, is
clothed with the final power to determine the con-
stitutionality of the act in question. This ought,
then, to be the answer of all patriotic citizens, un-
less the action of that court was of a character to
outrage the common rights and break down the
constitutional rights of the States. The very an-
swer which they have made, developing this fact
that they have, in this instance, placed themselves
in opposition to the adjudication of the Supreme
Covirt of the United States, furnishes an additional
evidence of the reckless disregard of the Consti-
tution and laws of the land, and is an additional
reason why we should fear the installment of
that party in power in this branch of the national
Legislature.
Now, sir, without attempting to enumerate all
the cases in which the doctrines and practices of
their party lead to the conviction that they disre-
gard the obligations of the Constitution, that they
disregard their duty to the people of other States
than those m which they live, and that they would
invade not only the constitutional rights of the
people, but the reserved rights of the States; with-
out further reference to particular facts, I shall
leave the subject, after calling attention to recent
and prominent events.
The recent events, to which prominent attention
has been called, and which have alarmed the con-
servative men of all parties for the safety of the
Union, arcjirst, the fact that sixty-odd members
of the last"ongress are found who have indorsed
this Helper pamphlet; which has recommended
treason m its most vicious, extravagant and apall-
inglorm; and that the gentleman presented as the
candidate for Speaker upon the other side is one
of those persons who signed the recommendation
of this document, and who aided in giving it cur-
rency to be circulated as a campaign document for
the information of the people, and for the purpose
of indoctrinating them into the ideas upon which
this crusade against slavery rests.
It has been intimated, perhaps, by some mem-
bers of that party, during this debate, and I be-
lieve by one or two gentlemen who do, not belong
to it, that the gentleman who is the candidate of
the Republican party has repudiated the indorse-
ment of that book. It is worthy of remark;tbi.t
this statement is not true. Ho has not repudiated
that indorsement. He has been called upon to
know whether he did repudiate the recommenda-
tion of that pamphlet. He has' said in general
terms that he has done nothing which evinces a
disposition to interfere with the rights of thS
States, or of the peojjfe of the States, or with'tile'
institution of slavery in the States; but he has not
yet come to the point of saying that the doctrines
of this book are treasonable; intended to be rev-
olutionary; intended to strike down the constitu-
tional guarantees which afford protection to the
Eeople of a portion of the States of this Union;
e has not yet said that ho disapproves of its
doctrincs; and ho will not, and dare not say it';
for, if he does, the party with which he acts will
repudiate him, and take up some man who will
indorse the doctrines upon which their political
structure rests.' This pamphlet, although in itself
of little significance, has received significance from
the indorsement of these sixty-odd members of
Congress. It receives additional significance from
the fact that the candidate of the Republican party
for the Speakership has recommended it for cir-
culation, and now refuses or fails to repudiate it,
and is nevertheless adhered to and voted for by
his party friends; he, himself, and his partisans,
with two or three exceptions, stubbornly refusing
even to qualify their indorsement of this revolu-
tionary and incendiary document.
Well, sir, the other incident which is calculated
to excite the apprehensions of the people of this
country as to whether our experiment of self-gov-
ermneiit is to be successful, is the foray which
was made upon the village of Harper's Ferry, ill
Virginia. It is true that murders were committed
there by a band of lawless ruffians; but the mere
fact that a number of persons were killed there by
a lawless and reckless band of men does not give
to that act the political significance.which it de-
rives from other considerations. It derives its sig-
nificance from the fact that it was an attempt to
carry out a plan matured by citizens of the free
States. Their plan of operations was first settled, •
and it was strictly and steadfastly carried out.
Arms were procured; and, to show tile malice of
the originators of the plan, and that they had well
considered what character of weapon could be
•most successfully used, twelve hundred pikes,
with long handles—specimens of which have been_
exhibitedin this city—were prepared, whichit was'
supposed would be the most efficacious weapons
in the hands of negroes untrained to the use of
fire-arms. Twelve hundred such instruments as
these were procured, preparatory to this precon-
certed plan to invade the sovereignty of Virginia,
for the purpose of carrying out this design of em-
barrassing, and ultimately destroying, the insti-
tution of slavery. But, sir, even the previous
preparations, the purchase of Sharpe's rifles, the
manufacture and delivery at the point of action of
these lances, the procurement of ammunition—all
this, if nothing else accompanied it to indicate the
state of public sentiment by which such acts are
upheld, would be of slight significance compared
to other things that have occurred. These men
were arrested, tried, condemned, and justly exe-
cuted as traitors. Are they so regarded by the
people of the free States? Many of them, to their
honor be it said, do so regard them.
But while that is so, however, we hear of the
tolling of bells m the cities there; of draping their
churches in mourning; of firing minute guns and
holding meetings, convocations, over men con-
demned as traitors. We hear of men of high
intellectual endowments addressing pretty large
audicnces, and claiming that Brown,the leaderof
these traitors, occupies a position higher than that
of the Saviour of mankind. One of them went
so far as to say that the mission of Christ was a
failure, but that the mission or death of John
Brown was a success. And, sir, these thingsare
being done in many different localities, evidencing
that there is a feeling there, extensively existing
in the free States, that will sanction the utmost
violence, the utmost disregard of constitutional
obligations and guarantees, the utmost disregard
of all laws and rights. These men are willing
to engage, if they had "the courage, in murder,
arson, and every species of crime that could em-
