1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23Gf
still continues, and I doubt not, in the spirit of the
people of Virginia, it will continue, for they arc
opposed to the trade in slaves from Africa. It is
the law, so far as I know, of all the southern
States. The difficulty arises from the fact that the
legislation of Congress has attempted to take the
subject from the jurisdiction ofthe States, because
if there is no market for the slaves, of course there
will be no supp.ly, no inducement to bring; them
from Africa. We have undertaken by our laws,
not only to punish the commanders and owners
of vessels of the United States engaged in this
traffic, but we have undertaken to provide for the
cargoes that the captured vessels may have on
board, and thus arises the difficulty.
Putting the treaties out of view, the existing law
of the United States—the law of 1819—requires
that when a vessel of the United States is captured
with slaves on board, they shall be brought to
this cotyitry, and they shall be delivered to the
marshal of the district where the vessel arrives,
and then the President shall take measures to re-
turn them to the coast of Africa. That is the
existing law; and that must be complied with, I
am very free to admit. What I want to avoid is
the institution of any kind of policy amending the
provisions of the law of 1819 until we have had
more time to revise it and to arrange it. I do not
want, further than we can possibly avoid, to com-
mit the Government of the United States to any
general policy of philanthropy or humanity on
this subject, but to discharge its duty so far as
treaty stipulation goes as long as those treaties
exist; and in discharging that duty to take care
that no injury shall result, no inhumanity or
want of proper care to these Africans when they
are seized under the laws of the United States on
the high seas; but I am not prepared—I do not
know that the Senate is prepared—to devise what
that policy shall be. I shall vote therefore, with
the honorable Senator from Mississippi to restrict
the present bill, one which, I am free to admit,
ought to be passed speedily if we can do it with
safety, to carry into execution by proper appro-
priation the existing law. Nothing more is re-
quired to carry the existing law into execution
than to appropriate the money necessary, and I
am prepared to do it; but I am against authoriz-
ing the President to make a treaty for five years,
more especially when that contract is to author-
ize the maintenance and care of those negroes
upon the coast of Africa for a period of twelve
months. I am told the bill has been amended so
as to extend the term from six to twelve months.
That is not within our power. We have noth-
ing to do with the negroes after we get them to
Africa further than what may be justly due to the
humanity of the subject. Having taken them out
of the possession of their owners, or captors, if
gentlemen choose to call them so, and determined
to return them to the coast of Africa, we should
take care after they get there, that they shall be
put in some position where they will not starve.
1 do not see that we arc called upon to go any
further than that; and we must get further inform-
ation of the condition of things on the coast of
Africa; what means exist there, or what means
can be created there for making the best tempo-
lary provision for them after they arc.returned,
i cannot vote for the bill, therefore, as a policy now
to be devised in aid of the existing law.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this bill has not
assumed any form in which I can vote for it. I
am willing to carry out our treaty stipulations on
this subject. I will not go, so far as my vote is
concerned, on£ inch beyond it. When these peo-
ple are brought to our coast, and fall into our pos-
session, we cannot permit them to remain, and
therefore the obligation is upon us to send them
back to Africa. I am willing to do that at the
public expense: but I am not willing to support
them out of the national Treasury one hour
after they get there. Take them back to their
homes; they will be no worse off when you land
chem again on the shores of African than when
they were taken from it.
All this talk about its being an act of inhuman-
ity to take them back to the precise place from
which we are told they were ruthlessly torn, is
humbug. If it was an act of barbarity to bring
them away, it must be an act of kindness to send
them back. If it is inhuman and barbarous to
return them to their country, then human inge^
nuity cannot demonstrate that it was inhuman to
bring them away." ^ If they were slaves confined
in barracoons, subject to barter and sale, then it
was an act of kindness to bring them away, and
it would be an act of kindness to keep them away.
But if they were the free people that the Senator
from Maine represents, who have been torn from
the arms of their friends and kindred by pirates,
andcarried off to a foreign land,then those kindred
'and friends will stand with open arms to receive
them back, and it will be an act of humanity to
return them. We are not called upon to keep them,
clothe them, or shelter «hem when we shall have
returned them again to the bosom of their friends,
and to their warm embraces. I do not believe a
word of this story of the great inhumanity of
bringing these people away from the coast of Af-
rica; but, inasmuch as we are compelled to return
them, cannot allow them to remain on our shores,
I am willing to send them back. They will be in
no worse condition when they get back there than
they were when they were taken away; and we
shall have discharged all our duty to the treaty,
and discharged all our obligations. We are not
called upon to do anything more; and, so far as I
am concerned, I will not do anything more.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not rise to prolong
for many moments this debate, I iiope, sir. Here
is a case of practical duty, a practical necessity,
I may say, of providing for a particular case.
This bill does no more than to provide for that
case, and such others like it as may occur here-
after. The bill does no more than meet the ex-
igency of the case, in the opinion of those who
are in favor of the measure. We are led into a
debate of an indefinite extent as to what the power
of Congress was to prohibit slavery; what are the
implied obligations upon us in regard to these cap-
tured slaves; whether the power ought ever to
havQ been exercised of prohibiting the slave trade
by Congress. These are questions now that
are suggested in this debate, and if pursued, might
consume an indefinite period of our time. Sir,
isit not betterto act and perform that duty which
is right before us; which we can see clearly; which,
if we will,we can do completely? Then, we may
have a hope of making an end of this sort of le-
gislation. Otherwise, if we are to wait until we
hq.ve meditated upon this subject, and made up
our minds on all the great issues, past, present,
and future, which have been suggested, and then
legislate up6n the subject, the present necessity
will have passed away; the presentduty will have
been totally neglected. It is a duty of urgency;
it is a duty to be performed now. Wait one
month, and you have violated thatduty; a portion
of the very objects for which you are now called
to legislate have perished; or, what might be still
more touching to our sympathies, have created a
pestilence among our own countrymen in their
vicinity.
The Senator from Virginia is willing to make
Erovision for this case. This bill does no more.
ret us pass this bill. If that meditation to which
the gentleman has invited us shall enable us to
make a betterand wiser provision on this subject
hereafter, let us do it; and in doing it, we can dis-
pense with and annul any provision of law we
make now. The passage of this bill will not pre-
clude us from that meditation and better legisla-
tion, which he tells us it may be hoped further
experience and reflection may enable us to adopt.
Then, sir, I see nothing here but the simple iso-
lated question between those gentlemen who think
that the performance of this duty requires of us, not
only to land them upon the shores of Africa, but
to land them there with a provision that may en-
able them to reach their homes, and make their
return a substantial performance of our duty, and
those who think we ought merely to land them
upon the shore. That is the only real difference,
the only practical difference. I cannot agree with
either of my friends from Mississippi on this sub-
ject. To land them there would be performing
our contract to the letter; but it is the letter, as we
read in a good book, that kills, and it is the spirit
that saves. That construction would fulfill liter-
ally this lesson. To land them upon the naked
shores of Africa would be literally to kill them.
If you are under any obligation to return them,
which gentlemen seem to admit, that same obli-
gation binds you to land them in such a form and
manner, and under such protection, and with
such means of subsistence, as will enable them, as
is contemplated by law, to reach their homes
and bo restored to their former condition and
rights, whatever they were. That is our duty.
I am for performing it to the spirit of it;' and I
would rather go a step too far tnan stop one inch
short of that measure of justice to beings situated
as they are. 1 do not wish to prolong, by a single
sentence, the debate on this subject. I am anx-
ious to close it; I am anxious for the passage xjf
this bill; and I want to show, on the part of the
American people, a readiness and a promptness to
fulfill our treaty obligations upon this subject,
and to perform that duty which our laws require
of us. '
As to the suggestion, (and I will say a word
upon that now, though it is not the immediate
subject of debate,) that the President of theUnited
States shall be reauired to have these negroes ap-
prenticed or hirea out for a term of years, and
out of the profits they are to be sent back to Af-
rica, I ask any gentleman if he had not rather
send them back at the public expense than under-
take to execute any such theory as that? The
President of the United States to be engaged, by
himself or his agent, m hiring out or renting out
this year and that year, to a good master or bad
master, one of these poor speechless savages, and
out of the miserable gains and profits to be made
out of his labor to raise a fund to send him back
to the country from which your people have taken
him ! That is letting him work his passage' back
with a vengeance. That is not sending him back;
it is making him pay for his passage, and work
his way back. Sir, I do not want the land to be
troubled with him. He is useless to us. We do
not want him. We want to send him back, and
get rid of him, and get rid of the sight of the
crime which our countrymen have committed
against our laws. I am for sending him back. It
matters not to us what it costs. 1 want to be as
economical as possible in every matter, even of
humanity. Economy is a virtue that applies to
everything and the performance of every duty.
Let it be done as economically as it can be. I do
not know that it can be done more economically
than this bill provides for. It is pretty stringent,
I think. The bill is framed with a view to execute
substantially and fully our obligations on this
subject, as I understand them. I am for it as it
is. I will try no such experiment as is proposed
by the gentleman from Florida, nor will 1 con-
sent to give up a single provision that the bill
contains. It provides simply and clearly for the
existing evil, and for such others just like it as
may occur hereafter, to save us the trouble of
prepetual legislation on the subject.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, as in the pres-
ent stage of the bill I do not intend to vote for it,
I shall very briefly give my reasons, in order to
prevent any misconccption. I never liked the
Ashburton treaty. I doubted its authority, in the
first place; and in the next place, I thought it was
entangling ourselves with an alliance, and look-
ing after other people's business instead of our
own. We have the undoubted right to prevent
the slave trade from Africa to the united States,
and we have done it; and I believe all the States
of the Union actually did it before the power at-
tached to the Federal Government. My own
State forbade it by her constitution in 1798, when
she had a right to carry on the trade,if she thought
proper, for ten years longer. South Carolina did
it in 1803. At the time the power attached to the
Federal Government the slave trade was unlaw-
ful in every State of the Union, and there was no
special necessity for that clause; but that was a
very different question. Wc all know that the
clause in the Constitution allowing it for twenty
years was because it \va& supposed Congress
might prohibit it under the power " to regulate
commerce with foreign nations,among the differ-
ent States, and with the Indian tribes." But I
do not deem it the duty of this Government; 1
do not think it incumbent on us, under the laws
of nations* to regulate trade even in African
slaves between Africa and Brazil, or Africa and
Cuba. That is a question for their Governments.
We cannot regulate trade between other nations;
and I think all this thing of putting our lingers
in to prevent the slave trade between Africa and
Cuba, or Africa and Brazil, is a policy to be dis--
couraged. It is none of our business. It does
not originate from any duty arising under the
Constitution, in my judgment. We nave a right
to prevent the African slave trade with ourselves;
