THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
of Tampico, shall be equal'to the share of his
deputy, 6lr. Fmnklin Chase, and others, his sub-
ordinates, who, by special acts of Congress, have
been allowed and paid their shares of the vessel
aridcargo; and that the amount of the elaim be
paid but of any moneys in the Treasury arising
from military contribution colleeted ih Mexico, in
pursuance of the regulations of the President of
the United States before'referred tor.
No objection being-made, the Committee of the
Whole House wag discharged from the further
cpnsideration of the bill, and it was brought be-
fore tin: Hunst: for consideration.
■ The report states that during the late war with
Mexico, m 1847 and 1848, Colonel William Gates
\y.as appointed and acted as commanding officer
and collector of Tampico, in Mexico, during
which service he collected and paid over to the
United States Treasury nearly a million dollars
Among other sources of his collections was the
proceeds of a confiscation and sale of the schooner
Oregon and cargo, which was seized and sold for
violation of some revenue or national law, the
schooner having on board arms anil ammunition
contraband of war designed for the Mexican army.
The sale of the schooner and cargo amounted "to
$22,270. Itse'ems to have boejj.cQnccdcd that four
rffen Were entitled" to scares of the proceeds, and
Colonel Gates divided accordingly as follows:
Colonel William Gates, the collector, one fourtlt of one
lialf 75
Franklin Ciiase, deputy collector, one fourth of
, one half    2,783 75
Major Forsyth, United States Army, receiver, one
. fourth of one half ".... 2,783 75
lieutenant Browning, naval officer, one fouitli of
one half  2,783 75
$11,135 00
• Being on equal share to each of half the pro-
ceeds. This division seems to have been made
on a supposed application of a revenue law of the
United States of 1799, the ninety-first section of
wliich gavd to the collector and informer an equal
moiety of such confiscations.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the, third time.
.Mr. McRAE moved the previous question on
tire passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PERRY demanded the yeas and nays, and
and called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
(Tellers: were ordered; and Messrs. McRae and
Marston were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-one, noes not counted.
So the bill was rejected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills ami resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A resolution (S. No. 36) for the restoration of
Lieutenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the active list,
from the leave-of-absence list, of the Navy;
A resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of Ar-
thur Edwards aud his associates;
An act (S. No. 9) to amend " An act for ex-
tending the laws and judicial system of the United
States to the State of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses;"
An act (S. No. 104) for the final ad justment of
private land claims in theStatcs of Florida, Louis-
iana, and Missouri, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 190) in relation to mission
claims at Sault Ste. Mane, Michigan;
An act (S. No. 291) for the relief of Mary
Preston, widow of George Preston;
An act (S, No. 347) to declare the meaning of
the act entitled "An act making further provis-
ions for the satisfaction of Virginia land war-
rants," approved August 31, 1852;
An act (S. No. 411) to authorize the Settlement
of the accounts of Edwaid Ely, deceased, late
consul of the United States at Bombay, on prin-
ciples of justice and equity;
An act (S. No. 444) to change the time of hold-
ing courts in the northern district of Florida;
An act (S. No. 448) to carry into effect the pro-
visions of the treaties between the United States,
China, Japan, Siam, Persia,and other countries,
giving certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls, or other functionaries of the United
States, in those countries, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (S. No. 452) for the relief of Sylvester
Gray;
An act (S. No- 488) in relation to malicious in-
juries to, and trespasses upon, public and private
property within the District of Columbia;
An act (Si No. 494) amendatory of an act ap-
proved June 14, 1858, for the relief of Sherlock
& Shirley;
An act (S. No. 495) for the relief of David
Waldo;
An act (S. No. 497) to amend an act entitled
"An act for giving effect t.o certain treaty stipu-
lations between this and foreign Governments
for the apprehension and delivery up of certain
offenders;"
An act (S. No. 500) for the relief of Lieutenant
William A. Winder, of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 507) for the relief of the Cali-
fornia Stage Company;
An act (S. No. 508) for the relief of William
Nelson; and
An act (S. No. 509) to grant to the city of Port
Huron, Michigan, a part of the military reserva-
tion of Fort Gratiot, for the enlargement of the
city cemetery at that place.
BUSINESS or TII15 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to make a brief state-
ment. I wish to say to the House, and to the
people of this District, that the Committee for the
District of Columbia, of which 1 have the honor
to oe chairman, has reported bills of much im-
portance, some of which they think should be
considered. [Loud calls to order.}
Mr. BARR. I want to make a speech myself;
and if my colleague is allowed to make one, I will
claim the same right.
Mr. CARTER persisted in addressing the
House, amid loud calls to order.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 call upon the Speaker to
enforce the rules.
Mr. CARTER. The floor has been assigned
to me, and I shall hold it till-I get through.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I now call up the loan
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is under a misapprehension. The floor was
assigned to him, hut subject to the regular order
and to the will of the House. The gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] who has charge
of the loan bill, calls up that subject.
Mr. CARTER. The floor was assigned tome,
and nobody lias a right to take it from me. 1 had
the floor by the recognition of the Speaker, and if
the House had been quiet, 1 should not have de-
tained it so long as I have done. 1 have not oc-
cupied the floor ten minutes since the organization
of the House. [Loud and continuous calls to
order.]
Mr. BARR. I should like to know what right
the gentleman from New York has to lecture the
House.
Mr. CARTER. If I have no rights upon this
floor, all I desire is to know it.
Mi. BRANCH. I insist on the enforcement
of the rule.
Mr. ASHMORE. It is the business of the
Speaker to send the Sergeant-at-Arms to compel
the member to take his scat and conduct himself
as he ought to do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the regular order of business was the considera-
tion, at twelve o'clock, of the vote on the loan bill,
and gave the floor to the gentleman from New
York, subject to that order.
Mr. CARTER persisted in addressing the Chair
amid loud calls to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will please be seated.
Mr. ASHMORE. I shall call for the arrest of
the member, if he will not obey the decision of
the Chair and take his seat.
Mr. CARTER. I have heard no decision of
the'Speaker.
LOAN BILL.
The SPEAKER, The Chair has decided that
the gentleman from New York: is out of order.
The regular order of business is the reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the main question was
ordered on House bill No. 847, authorizing a
loan, and providing for the redemption of Treas-
ury notes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We all on
this side understood that the vote was to be taken
at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I so understood.
Mr HOARD. I understood the hour was fixed
at twelve.
The SPEAKER, The Chair thought it was
understood and agreed that the vote should be
taken at twelve o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly understood it to
be fixed for one o'clock; and I now suggest that
the report of the committee of conference on the
Post Office deficiency bill be received and disposed
of. That will occupy the time till one o'clock.
Mr. CARTER. Let us fix it at one o'clock,
and we can attend to other things in the mean
time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and to the gentleman
from Ohio that when this question was called up
this moaning, the suggestion first made was to
postpone it till twelve o'clock. Then the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] proposed to fix
one o'clock as the hour for taking up the ques-
tion. There seemed to be some objection on that
side of the House and some on this. It was then
stated by me that the question would be called
up precisely at twelve o'clock; but it seems that
gentlemen did not hear me.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the committee of
conference on the Post Office deficiency bill are
ready to report, and that matter will occupy the
time up to one o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
statement to be precisely as made by the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggested that the commit-
tee of conference on the legislative bill could not
agree, and that our action in this matter would
facilitate their action. I therefore hoped that
twelve o'clock would be fixed, and there seemed
to be a general assent to that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I know of no reason why
the question should not be taken now as well as
at any other time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Some gen-
tlemen on this side—one or two, I know—have
gone away under a different impression. I there-
j foro suggest it bp postponed till one o'clock.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am satisfied that if we
were to wait till one o'clock more members would
be absent than there arc now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 rise to a
question of privilege.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let us say
one o'clock for this vote, and then have no dila-
tory motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If wc fix it at one o'clock
there will be at least twenty-five gentlemen who
will not understand it, and will think the hour
was fixed at two. But if every member under-
stands now that the question will be taken atone
o'clock, I am perfectly satisfied that it shall be
postponed till that hour.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Very well;
let it be so understood.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make a report from the committee of conference
on the Post Office deficiency bill.
Mr. CARTER. I desire to make a simple
statement to the Chair.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the gentleman from New
York rise to a question of order? If not, 1 insist
that he shall not interrupt the proceedings.
The SPEAKER. This is a privileged ques-
tion, and therefore takes precedence.
The Clerk then read the report of the commit-
tee of conference, as follows:
The managers appointed b> the [louse of Representatives
upon the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (No. 503)
making turther appiopriations Tor the service of the i'o*t
Office Department dining the fiscal year ending June 30,
1B60, lepnrt that they met the malingers appointed on the
part of the Senate, and, attei full ami ftee conference, weie
unable to agree.
The committee, therefore, recommend the House oj Rep-
resentatives to further msbt upon their amendment to the
