230.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
to prevent the bringing of slaves into the United
States. "We have executed that power; that is,
we have passed laws for it, but it seems that they
are evaded like other laws. That same principle
seems to have prevailed in the legislation of all
the States of the Union. I know it did with the
original thirteen, and probably with the rest.
Possibly some of the rest may have omitted it, on
account of their coming into the Union after the
performance of it by Congress in 1808; but when
the power attached to Congress to touch the sub-
ject, all the States had forbidden the slave trade.
My own State, I repeat, had done so by its or-
ganic law, which stands to-day.
But I do not intend to encourage the Ashburton
treaty. If it was only intended to prevent the
slave trade between Africa and this country, it
was .right; but with the construction put on it
by my honorable friend from Louisiana, it was
wrong.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The treaty of Ghent.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, no treaty can do it.
A treaty cannot give any powers to Congress.
The President and Senate of the United States
cannot give power to this Government. All our
claims to power must be under the Constitution,
and under the Constitution alone. We can regu-
late the trade for ourselves. That is our busi-
ness, that is our right, that is our duty; and any
proper measures for preventing the slave trade
with the United States are within the legitimate
powers and duties of the Government, which 1 am
ready to maintain. But I deny the principle laid
down by the gentleman from Maine. The trade
is not against the laws of nations. Our own Con-
stitution admits that it was according to the laws
of nations when it was formed. Who has altered
them since? Who has a right to alter them?
You have taken these people by your ships, and
I am willing, in a liberal spirit of humanity, to
carry them back, and restore them to whatever
rights they had. I say this in order that I may
not be misunderstood. I vote against the bill,
because it ingrafts upon the country a policy that
I do not approve. You have these people under
your flag now. You have taken them away from
persons not hailing from this country, and who
did not intend to bring them here; but as you
have them, I am willing to make the best dispo-
sition of them you can according to humanity
and justice, and I do not care much what that is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas J7, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Crown. Chesnut, Clay, Davis, Fitzpat-
rick, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas Malloiy, Mason, Nich-
olson, Rice, Sebastian,Slidell,Thomson, Tootnb>, Wigfall,
and Yulee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Biglor, Hingham,
Bragg, Bright, Chandler, Clark, Ohngman, Oollamcr, Crit-
tenden, Dixon, Boolittlo, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Green,
Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, llemphi.ll, Hunter,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Latham, Penrce,
Polk, Powell, Pugh, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Train-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the bill in the
second section, by striking out, in lines four and
five, the words, "whenever it shall be practica-
ble." It now reads:
£< That the President of the United States be, and he ia
hereby, authorized to is^nc instructions to the commanders
of the armed vessels of the United State?, directing them,
whenever it shall be practicable, and imdei such uiles and
regulation* as he may prescribe, to proceed dnectly to the
eoast of Africa," &c.
I can very well understand why the phrase
"whenever it shall be 'practicable" was intro-
duced, m the conccption, doubtless, of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, ihat there might be cap-
tures under circumstances where it would not be
practicable to proceed directly with them to the
coast of Africa. Such cases might arise. There
might be cases where all on board were ill with
some fatal disease; there might be cases where the
capturing ship and the stave ship both would not
have sufficient supplies for that journey. But
cases of that sort could be provided for under the
power given to the President here to make rules
and regulations under Which they should be taken
back. My desire is to make it mandatory on the
ndval officers, through the President, to exercise
discretion but that which the President shall
exercise under his rules and rlgulations, to de-
termine when it is practicable and when it is not,
from the desire to avoid the increased expense
and the legislation which is necessary in reference
to these negroes if they are brought to our coun-
try. I do not see any necessity for bringing them
here to deport them when they can be taken back,
wherever they may be captured on the high seas,
directly to Africa. Take the case of a capture off
the coast of Cuba. It may be possible that it is
necessary to have additional supplies before they
can sail for Africa. These regulations could pro-
vide that they should be not landed, but should
make for the nearest port where supplies could be
had, and be detained until supplies could be ob-
tained by the captors in order to take them back.
The regulations could provide for every case. I
want to take away the discretion from the com-
manding officer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The language of that sec-
tion is adopted from the President's message, and
it appears to me that it would be very improper
to strike out these words. The bill, as it stands,
is imperative; the officers are ordered to take the
captives to the coast of Africa, and there liberate
them whenever it is practicable," under the
rules and regulations which the President may
prescribe. The reason for the limitation to cases
where it shall be practicable, the Senator himself
has suggested. The slavers that arc captured on
the coast of Cuba have gone through all their
voyage, and there is not one case in a hundred
where there would be provisions and supplies
on board sufficient to take the negroes back to
Africa. When captured nearer to the coast of
Africa, of course there could be no possible ex-
cuse for bringing them here. When they are cap-
tured in the Gulf of Mexico, around amongst the
Spanish islands, if it is practicable, the bill orders
them to be taken back directly to Africa, without
bringing them here. The Senator proposes to
strike out the words " whenever it shall be practi-
cable." What will be the result? The result will
be that they are to be taken directly to Africa,
whether it is practicable or not.
Mr. MASON. No. I said that under the
power of the President to prescribe rules and reg-
ulations by which they could be taken back to
Africa, he could remove all difficulties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Both of these are in this
section. Whenever it is practicable, under u the
rules and regulations which the President shall
issue, they shall take them directly to the coast
of Africa." Now, the Senator proposes to strike
out the words " win-never it shall be practicable."
I cannot see what is to be effected by that, except
a suggestion that they are to bo taken there when
it is impracticable. In order to prevent an abuse
of discretion, the President is to make rules and
regulations; and probably the regulations from
the Navy Department would provide what quan-
tity of provisions should be considered sufficient
for each person on board, and what quantity of
water ana other necessary supplies. Rules of that
character would be given m proportion to the num-
ber of captives on board for guiding the officers as
to the practicability of taking them back to Africa,
or the necessity of bringing them into port. All
that is left to the discretion of the Department,
and the only limitation upon the duty of taking
them to the coast of Africa, is that it shall be im-
S:acticable under the rules and regulations of the
epartment. They are bound to do it, unless it
be impracticable, under the bill as it stands.
Mr. MASON. What I meant was simply
this: that the law should not leave it to the Presi-
dent to judge when it was practicable to take
them back, and when it was not; that is to say,
that the law should not consider that a case would
arise where it would not be practicable to take
them back without landing, because, if the law con-
templated it, then the President might leave it to the
discretion of the captor. With my amendment,
the section will read, " that the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue instructions to the commanders of the armed
vessels of the United States, directing them, un-
der such rules and regulations as he may pre-
scribe, to proceed directly to the coast of Africa."
If it should be found that there was a want of
supplier, the President would have nothing to do
but to direct ihat they should secure supplies at
the nearest practicable port of this country, or
any other, and then proceed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, suppose that is im-
practicable under the regulations; suppose they
cannot do it.
Mr. MASON. I cannot conceive that they
would not find a port somewhere without neces-
sarily coming to the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. It must be evident, I think,
both to the Senator from Louisiana and the Sen-
ator from Virginia, that this restriction will
amount to nothing. All who have any familiar-
ity with the manner in which the slave trade is
conducted, know well that a ve'ssel detected on
the coast of Cuba could not carry the same cargo
back to the coast of Africa without an interval of
a very considerable time. The vessel herself is
justly gauged, and every slave that can find ac-
commodation on board of her is there stowed in
a small, narrow place. They lose only a certain
time, and the slavholder knows it to a minute.
Disease ensues; and when they are about being
landed for Cuba, they are rather fit for a Tiospitai
than for a return voyage. The thing is simply
impracticable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to suggest to him that all slaves are not cap-
tured on the coast of Cuba, but some are cap-
tured on the coast of Africa?
Mr. MALLORY. I am aware of that, and I
am restricting myself to those captured on the
coast of Cuba. I will state that of the Wildfire's
cargo recently landed at Key West, twenty were
buried in a few days. That cargo arrived in a
condition of superior health, such as very few
slaves are ever delivered in, and yet twenty were
buried in the course of a few very days. The
second cargo, that of the William, now there,
consisting of five hundred and fifty, were landed
in a much worse condition. The probability is,
that of the eleven hundred slaves, at least one
hundied will be left there, even if we get them off
now and pass the bill to-day. The Senator from
Louisiana is certainly as familiar as any other Sen-
ator with this subject; and he knows surely that
no slaver captured on the coast of Cuba, or any-
where in the Gulf of Mexico, could return; and
the ships of the United States would never take
a single slave on board of them; and no officer
wants to go on board of a slaver. Perhaps it is
the most disagreeable duty that could be imposed
upon any man.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be offered 
Mr. MALLOllY. My amendment, I believe,
is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment which was laid on the table by the Senator
from Florida, will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and insert:
That the President of the United States be authorized to
cause to be apprenticed, for a term of years not exceeding
five, the Afiiean negroes recently captured by the United
States ship-j IVIohawk and Wyandotte, under such regula-
tions as lie may pi escribe to secure the transportation of
the said negroes to Africa upon tlie expiration of their term
of service.
' Mr. MALLOllY. Without saying a word as
to the constitutionality of the law which proclaims
the slave trade to be piracy, or the interdiction of
the slave trade at all, I am disposed to carry out
the law as it exists, if we can do so—the law
of 1819. Upon the policy and expediency of that
law, I shall not even pass an opinion here; but I
am not disposed to go beyond the law if we can
possibly obviate the necessity of doing so. The
amendment which I have proposed will give an
opening to those who are unwilling to provide
for these slaves on the coast of Africa, to escape
from it.
The object of providing for them in Africa for
twelve months is, doubtless, to enable them to
support themselves thereafter; to place them with
the colonization negroes there, to learn somewhat
of the arts of civilization. If that be the object,
it could not be half so well attained as it could in
the State of Massachusetts, orthe State of Maine,
or the State of New Hampshire, or in the middle
States, where these men might be apprenticed,
and learn some of the arts of civilized life. There
is no restriction in the amendment as to the lati-
tude in which they shall be apprenticed. The
discretion is lodged in the President of the Uni-
ted States. It may be objected, perhaps, that
