344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5f
barrass andharass a people. The existence,
Mr. Clerk, of sucli feelings as these, have awak-
ened the most profound sense of apprehension
as to whether our experiment of self-govern-
ment is to go on successfully. The great idea of
the American Revolution was, that th e people were
capable of self-government, because of the pre-
dominance of the intellectual and reasoning fac-
ulties; that they could understand compacts, con-
stitutions, and laws; appreciate the value of society,
and maintain compacts, constitutions, and laws,
and the best interests of society, by observing the
rules of right with reference to all. This was the
great essential idea of the American Revolution,
and it is the one upon which our experiment of
self-government still rests; it is one worthy of
being pondered over by all men who seek to ex-
periment upon the destruction of any of the con-
stitutional guarantees secured to the people of this
tJmon.
If, sir, agitation like this shall induce men—in
sufficient bodies to control the legislation of their
own States, and to control the action of the Fed-
eral Government—to depart from the essential
character of the Federal Constitution; to cease to
regard the Federal Government as one of limited
and specially defined powers; to assume that this
question of slavery, or any other question, is a
question to be controlled by the popular will of
a majority of the people of the whole Union, as
against the spirit of the Constitution, which had
for one of its leading objects the protection of
minorities—whenever the time shall come that the
people of this country cease to respect these guar-
antees, override the Constitution, and deny that
protection to which the people are entitled under
theConstitution, then they will Imvcdemonstratod
that our experiment of self-government is a fail-
ure. Then they will have demonstrated that some
form of government is necessary by which power
can bo brought to bear upon men who will not
respect compacts and contracts. That, sir, has
been one of tno startling features of this agitation,
and it is one*that should command the attention
of those who are charged with the duty of legis-
lating for the American people. It is one which
has aroused the solicitude of the people of the
southern States, as well as of all the conservative
men m the northern States. It is one of the points
of reflection that has excited the deepest appre-
hension of the growing strength and increasing
power of the Republican party. It constitutes
one of the reasons why the conservative men in
'this Hall, whether they be Democrats, Americans,
or anti-Lecompton Democrats, should all come
together for the common purpose of showing to
the nation that they iiave the patriotism to rise
above their ordinary prejudices in reference to
ordinary political questions, and meet the com-
mon enemy, which, by il-s success, will tend still
further to endanger the perpetuity of oui Gov-
ernment.
To the candidate presented by the Republican
farty, personally, I nave no more objection than
would have to any man occupying the political
position which he occupies; but, viewing the coo-
sequences which must result from his election,
1 ooject to it; for it must be apparent that if that
party has the power to placc him in the Speaker's
chair, it will act as an encouragement to the mem-
bers of that party throughout the country. It
will give volume and force to the movements of
that organization, and will nid them in their strug-
gle for the Presidency. The country sees and
understands this, and we had as well comprehend
it in our positions and responsibility as members
of this House, in determining whether we will act
in union in preventing the election of one whose
election will have these results. While its effect
is to give prestige to that paity, while it is to in-
crease its power, while it is to consolidate its
organization, its cfFcct will be also still further to
dishearten and disorganize the elements of this
Government which are opposed to that party, and
cause the people to look, not here to Washington,
not to the Federal Government, for protection,
but to look, as a last resort, to their separate sov-
ereignties at home for the vindication of their
rights, the preservation of their equality, and the
security of that liberty which may be denied them
under the Federal Constitution through the action
of the Federal Government.
Having now stated these objections, Mr- Clerk,
to the success of that party, I shall address a few
remarks to those with whom it has been my pleas-
ure to act in this body—to all political parties here
which stand aloof from the Republican organiza-
tion.
Mr. Clerk, when we met here at the convening
of this Congress, the Democratic members, or at
least most of them, assembled for the purpose of
consulting as to the course which they would
pursue in reference to the organization. They
selected a candidate for Speaker, a gentlemen of
long experience in this body, a gentleman of ac-
knowledged ability, a gentleman who would no
doubt have discharged the duties of that office with
equal and exact justice to all the interests of the
country, and to all parties in the House. His
name was presented under the supposition that in
the condition of tilings that existed in the coun-
try, it might command^the support of those who
are opposed to a Republican organization. Bal-
lotings for a week or two demonstrated that it
would not have that effect', demonstrated that the
Americans were disinclined, as they said, to vote
for him, not because of any objection to him per-
sonally, but because he was the nominee of the
Democratic party. They desired to be consulted
and to have their political position recognized by
being made a party to the election of a Speaker.
The gentleman from Virginia, with a magna-
nimity justly portrayed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,] this morn-
ing, when the condition of things existed which
I liovc stated, came forward and withdrew his
name from the contest, in order to enable the ele-
ments in opposition to the Republican party to
harmonize for the selection of a Speaker upon a
national and conservative basis, and to select one
whose election would not have the effect to startle
the country. An effort was then made to secure
the election of Mr. Boteler, of Virginia, a mem-
ber of the southern Opposition. When, in his
judgment, his election was impracticable, he rose
and, with a magnanimity characteristic of just
and honorable men, withdrew his name, and pro-
posed that of one of his colleagues, General Mill-
son,whose long experience in this body, universal
courtesy, clear intellect and true heart, commended
him to all who knew him. We rallied to his sup-
port, but we failed to secure his election. Subse-
quently, successive efforts were in vain made to
elect Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee, Mr. Scott, of
California, and Mr. Davis, of Indiana?andothers.
We have not yet agreed. Why, sir, is it that
we are unable to agree? I put the question to all
thegentlemen concerned; to the Democratic party,
to the Americans, and to the anti-Lecompton men.
Our purpose has been manifested to consolidate
the conservative elements of this House. Itwas
shown in the withdrawal of the formal candidates
of the several parties opposed to the Republicans.
It iy true, Mr. Clerk, that those parties have each
their distinct political principles; hut it is also true
that those principles are of a nature to allow of
their settlement after an organization—to allow of
their beinc; held in abeyance until the greater ques-
tion has been decided whether the ptinciples of
the Constitution, the rights of the States, and the
rights of the people of the States shall be vindi-
cated. It is not pretended that the object of cither
of those parties is to trample upon the Constitu-
tion; on the contrary, it is conceded that their ob-
jects are patriotic, that they are national—at least,
sir, that they are not sectional. It is not neces-
sary that the Democracy should recede from their
position in favor of the preservation of the re-
served rights of the States, and the maintenance
of a strict construction of the Constitution, and
the other cardinal doctrineN of that party. It re
not proposed that they shall make any conces-
sion of any of their political principles; nor is it
necessary. Americans can still stand upon this
floor the advocates of their peculia^ppinions on
the subject of naturalization and other adminis-
trative subjects. It is not asked that they shall
concede their opinions upon any one of theqg. It
is not asked—nor is it necessary for an organiza-
tion of this House—that either of those parties
shall be humiliated.
Anti-Lecompton men differ from Democrats
upon a single question, or, at the utmost, upon
two questions: they differ from others of the same
political faith with reference to the propriety of
the action of the Administration during the last
Congress on the question of the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a State. Let me submit
to them with all deference that that is a dead ques-
tion, one that cannot be revived: it is one by its
nature not enduring. Cannot we bury that differ-
ence, which is now dead, and come together? It
may be said, too, that they have a particular view
in reference to the power of the people of the Terri-
tories over the question of slavery. Suppose they
have, will the fact that they have aparticularview
as to what may be done by the people of a yet un-
peopled Territory,-now interpose, in advance of
the time when that question will properly come up,
and be a bar to a union of brethren of a common
political faith ? With all deference to them, it does*'
seem to me that Democrats upon this floor should
not be separafcfd by a dead issue, on the one hand,
or by an issue far in the future on the other-—one
to which we have not yet reached; one, as I stated
yesterday, that will be disposed <$f in the march
of events by circumstances independent of any
opinions we may now entertain, or any action
which Congress may hereafter adopt
As I stated yesterday, nobody now expects
that slavery will go into Washington or Nebraska
or Kansas. Slavery already exists in Utah and
New Mexico, and is protected there. Who de-
sires to disturb the question iri either of those
Territories? When they come to ask for admis-
sion as States, they will dispose of the question
for themselves. With that the whole Union will
be content. In the present contingency that mat-
ter cannot, therefore, beany ground for objection.
Why is it, then, that, in reference to things futile
and flimsy as these, Democrats upon this floor
shall be divided upon a vital question—the ques-
tion of the maintenance of the ascendency of the
national party, which has for its object the preser-
vation of the Union and the Constitution, against
the success of a party, the whole current of whose
policy has been to disregard that Constitution and
that Union, and the rights of one half of these
States? It does seem to me that we ought to
think of these things when wo recollect that we
have been here for five weeks balloting for Speaker,
whilst important interests demand our action, as
has been eloquently shown this morning.
We have heard it stated that thousands of mail
contractors throughout this country are now go-
ing into bankruptcy and ruin because they were
at the last session deprived of their just appro-
priation, and which at this session is still with-
held from them. That responsibility rests upon
us; and the responsibility upon the men who lost
that appropriation ought to be remembered by the
country. Shall we by our action still further with-
hold payment from those who have performed the
public scrvice ? Shall we violate our plighted faith 
and drive them to ruin ? Shall we do that because
of the party differences of the Democrats, Ameri-
cans, and anti-Lecompton men ? Go to the honest
farmers of t he con ntry, in any section of it, and ask
them if these differences are of such a character as
to prevent a union of the conservative elements of
this House. Appeal to them whether we ought to
unite and defeat the Sectional Republican party,
and their response would bcin the affirmative unan-
imously. Go, sir, to the myriads of mechanics in
this country, who have nothing to do with politics,
and who love their country—men who live by
honest toil, and not by the miserable trade of politi-
cians; ask them, and they will reply that, like con-
servative, true men, we ought to unite and organ-
ize this House upon a national basis. Go to the
great commercial interests of this nation; ask
their judgment, and see what their response will
be Go to the professional ami social interests of
this nation, and ask of them. All of them, away
from the mire and filth of politics, will say it is
our duty, a^ men of sense and as patriots, to or-
ganize this House upon a national basis. Where,
then, is the objection?
I must state, with due respect to the positions
of all^nen, that the objection, if objection there
be, will be found among the trading politicians
who aim to live by party associations, and by an
apparent devotion to a particular abstract propo-
sition. Why, sir, go to the villages and find some
little gentleman who would be constable, or jus-
tice of the peace, or perhaps a colonel of militia,
or even a member of the Legislature, and he has
some particular dogma to which he must subor-
dinate the interests of this great nation to preserve
the harmony of his political record, and in order
to be a leader he must be extravagant even, and
foolish, and lose sight of that statesmanship which
