I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2309
he might apprentice them in the southern States
where they might not be heard of again. That
is not the object I have in view. The object is
to return them to the coast of Africa in a condi-
tion to do something for themselves. One of the
most experienced travelers upon that continent
has told us that, on the whole continent of Africa,
no negro works voluntarily; every one who works
does it under the compulsion of a master, or the
impulse of self-preservation. Voluntary labor,
on the coast of Africa, has hitherto been unknown;
and if we return these men thereafter beinga year
hanging about the Colonization Society, they will
be in a worse condition than they are now.
I think, sir, we may also say that the fact, known
to many of us, that years ago, when some slaves
were captured and carried to New Orleans, and
during the pendency of the trial for four years, I
think, they were hired out by the marshal to dif-
ferent owners conditioned to he returned, and that
every one of them, if I am correct, was returned
to the coast of Africa, would rebut any presump-
tion of this kind; but still the amendment does
not contemplate that they shall be apprenticed in
the southern States; but it is aimed to get rid of
this dilemma, that if you have the right to appro-
priate money to support these thousand negroes
on the coast of Africa for a year, you have the
same right to appropriate money for our own cit-
izens. Undoubtedly you have*. Where you get
your authority from to support a thousand Afri-
cans upon the coast of Africa, I am yet to see; but
when you show it to me, I presume that under
the same authority you might support a thousand
of your own citizens. But still I am willing to
strain a point if we cannotgetthis, and vote some
money to sustain these negroes, for I conceive
that it would be worse than inhuman to land these
helpless beings on the coast of Africa to starve,
or go into the hands of the next slave-trader who
chose to grasp them up. But the amendment will
get rid of that difficulty. I am, however, admon-
ished by my friends around me, that it is unac-
ceptable to them, and by their votes I should
expect to pass it, if at all. If there is a general
desire on their part that I shall withdraw it, I will
do so, for I would not embarrass the bill by any-
thing of the kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment being withdrawn, the question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read the third
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment which
was made, striking out "six months" and in-
serting " one year," I think only applied to one
section of the bill. There are two sections where
the words "six months" occur, and I suggest
that, to make it conform to the amendment al-
ready adopted," one year" should be inserted in
both sections.
•Mr. PUGH. That verbal amendment is neces-
sary in the third section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois move the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 41, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Lmgham,
Biagg, Bright, Chandler, Chesnut, ('lark, Clingman, Col-
lamer. Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot,Fos
ter, Green, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan. Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Johnson of, Tennessee, Kennedy, Kins;, La-
tham, Mallory, Pearce, Polk, rowel J, Pugh, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clay, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Iver-
son,Johnson of Arkansas, Mason, Nicholson, Rice, Sebas-
tian, Slide!!, Toombs, Wigfall, and Yuiee—14.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 22) to prevent the
sale of the public lands, except to actual settlers,
for ten years after the same shall have been sur-
veyed; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill (H. R. No. 339) making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
insists upon its amendment to the first amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 5)
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending 30th of June,
1861, disagreed to by the Senate, and also insists
upon its disagreement to the residue of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill; agrees to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints
Mr. Benjamin Stanton, of Ohio, Mr. John H.
Reagan, of Texas, and Mr. Henry Winter
Davis, of Maryland, managers at the same on
the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 695) for the relief of Asenath
M. Elliott, widow of Captain Edward G. Elliott:
and
A bill (H. R. No. 702) making appropriations
for the construction of certain military roads in
the Territory of Washington.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The hill (H. R. No. 92) to prevent the sale of
the public lands, except to actual settlers, for ten
years after the same shall have been surveyed,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
44) confirming certain land entries under the third
section of the act of March 3,1855, entitled " An
act making appropriations for the service of the
PostOfficeDepartmcntduring the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1856;" and,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
was
Ordered. That the bill and the amendment of the House
to the amendment of tiie Senate be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Liands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Young
Williams, praying compensation for his own ser-
vice and the use of his vessel, the sloop Dolphin,
pressed into the service by General Jackson dur-
ing the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. POWELL presented the memorial of
James & A. II. Porter, praying indemnity for
losses incurred in consequence of the stopping of
their trains, engaged in transporting goods to Salt
Lake City, by the commander of the United States
Army in Utah; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of J. B.
Chapman and others, citizens of Kansas Terri-
tory, praying the establishment of a post route
from Woodson Center, in Woodson county, Kan-
sas Territory, thence east via Mantan, in Allen
county, Augusta, Little Town, Lebeete, duapaw
Agency, in the Q.uapaw Nation, to Neosho, in
Newton county, Missouri; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petition of William Ellis,
a soldier in the Kentucky militia during the war
of 1812, playing a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Daniel S Dickinson and
others, praying that a term ot the district court ot'the LTni
ted States may be held at Binghamton,New Yoik, be witli-
diawn from the files of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No,
466) for the relief of Anthony Gale; which was
read twice by its title, and referred 4o the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 467)
giving the consent of Congress to the improve-
ment of the communication between the Atcha-
falaya bay and the Atchafalaya river, and the
levying of a tonnage duty on shipping to maintain
the same; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
402) to extend the limits of the port of entry and
delivery for the district of Philadelphia, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
424) for the relief of congressional township num-
ber six south, of range number eight west, in Ran-
dolph county, State of Illinois, reported it with
an amendment.
INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Captain F. Martin, praying for a change in the
law creating a lunatic asylum in the District of
Columbia, have directed me to report a bill in ac-
cordance with the prayer of the petitioner; and
I ask the unanimous consfcntof the Senate to put
it on its passage now. It is for a particular ease.
There is an insane lieutenant on a revenue cutter
on the lakes; but there is no power under this
Government to get him into the insane asylum
here. The bill will not occupy one minute. It
is short.
The bill (S. No. 468) to amend'an act entitled
"An act to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy and of the District of
Columbia ill said District," was read twice, by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to amend the
fourth scction of the act of March 3, 1855, so as
to make it read:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the order of the
Societaly of War, and that of the Secretary of the Navy,
and that of the Secretary ©f the Treasury, shall authorize
the superintendent to receivc insane persons, belonging to
the Army and Navy and revenue cutter service respect-
ively, and keep thorn in custody until they are cured, or
removal by the same authority which ordered their recep-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I desire to
make a report from a committee of conference.
The committee of conference to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 4) commonly called the
consular and diplomatic bill, have directed me to
report to the Senate that they have discovered a
clerical error in the eleventh amendment of the
Senate to that bill. The committees of conference
of the two Houses have met and considered the
propriety of correcting that error, and have rec-
ommended that we report to our respective Houses
the error in question, and ask that it may be
amended. The error occurs in the eleventh amend-
ment, which provides $9,000 for compensation to
the consuls at the five consular ports in China.
They are entitled bylawto $l,000ayearfor judi-
cial services. The amendment appropriates the
sum of §9,000, but it fails to name the Commis-
sioner to China. It only designates the consuls
at those five ports. The Senate will perceive that
by adding the sixth party entitled, would make
the amount §9,000, which is appropriated by the
amendment. We propose, therefore, with the
consent of the House of Representative.;, that the
eleventh amendment of the Senate to the bill of
the House of Representatives, No. 4, be amended
by inserting in line one hundred and twenty-five,
between the words "the" and "consuls," the
words " Commissioner to China and the."
The amendment was agreed to.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Buchanan his Secretary, an-
nounced that the Presidenthad this day approved
