1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1365
APPROPRIATION BILLS REPORTED.
*
The call of the States and Territories for reso-
lutions having now been completed,
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of
"Ways and Means, reported the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1860;
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th June, 1861; and
A bill making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1861-
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means were discharged from
the further consideration of sundry communica-
tions from the Secretaries of War and the Navy,
and the same were referred to the Committees on
Military Affairs and Naval Affairs.
DISCONTINUANCE OF NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be re-
quested to inquire whether any of the navy-yards may be
discontinued without injury to the public service, with
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That at the expiration of one hour after the
House shall have resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, House bill No. 305, mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th June, 1861, shall be the special oidei in said
committee, and so continue until disposed of.
LAW EXPENSES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I was not in the House when
the State of Illinois was called for resolutions. I
-ask the gentleman from Ohio to yield to me now
to enable me to offer a resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY then submitted the following
resolution; which was read,considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas, in addition to the ordinary salaries and ex-
penses of the office of Attorney Geneial, and of the law
officers in California, appropriations were made during the
first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, and the first and
second sessions of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, for legal as-
sistance.and other necessary expenditures in the disposal
of private land claims in California, and for the service of
special counsel, and other extraordinary expenses of such
land claims, amounting in all to $114,000:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be
communicated to this House what portion of said appropri-
ations has been expended, with a statement in detail ©f the
amounts paid, to whom, and for what purposes.
PONCA APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
of the House (No. 216) making appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Ponca
Indians, and with certain bands of Indians in the
Territory of Washington, and State of Oregon,
for the year ending June 30, 1860, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman can give me
any consideration of great public emergency why
this bill should not be considered in committee, I
will not object te his proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the gentle-
man from North Carolina what information I
have. This bill is for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the Ponca Indians. It is considered of im-
portance by the Department that it should be
passed immediately, because they wish that the
agents shall be dispatched very soon to make the
payments to the Indians in that region. The bill
has passed the Senate with amendments to con-
form to the requirements of the treaties as they
exist, a new treaty having been made since the
estimates on which the House acted were made up.
The Senate amendments are strictly m accord-
ance with the requirements of treaty stipulations.
Mr. BRANCH. I have nothing to say about
the correctness of the amendments; I know noth-
ing about these Ponca Indians. It is the matter
of principle upon which I found my objection.
This House, by the construction which has been
given to the Constitution, has alone the power of
originating appropriation bills. The Senate, how-
ever, in the exercise of its undoubted constitu-
tional rights, have placed upon the bill amend-
ments making appropriations of money, which
have not been considered in the House at all, and
it is certainly in accordance with the principles
upon which this House acts in reference to the
original appropriation bills, that^ill such amend-
ments shall be first considered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I would not object to discharging the Commit-
tee of the Whole from the consideration of an ap-
propriation bill, and giving ifits first consideration
in the House, whenever any great public exigency
requires it; but I will object to discharging the
committee from the consideration of amendments
which the rule requires shall be first considered
in the Committee of the Whole, unless some good
reason shall be given for departing from that rule.
'Mr. SHERMAN. My only object was to save
time; but 1 will avoid all difficulty in the matter
by moving that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the purpose
of considering the amendments of the Senate to
the bill there to-day.
Mr. BRANCH. That is a proper motion, and
I hope the House will agree to it.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washbuhne, of
Illinois, in the chair.)
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
take up the Senate amendments to the appropria-
tion bill in relation to the Poiaca Indians—House
bill No. 216.
The motion was agreed to; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were taken up for consider-
ation.
First amendment:
After line twenty-four, inseit:
Foi maintaining and subsisting tlie Ponca? during tile
first year after theiriemovai to then new homo, purchasing
stock and agricultural implements, breaking up and tenemg
land, building houses, and m making such other lmpiove-
ments as may be liccessary for their comfort and weltaie,
per second aiticle of the treaty of the 12th of Maich, 1858,
§20,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in
Second amendment:
Add at the end of the bill, as follows:
To piovide the Poneas with a mill suitable for grinding
grain and sawing umber, one or more mechanic shop.*, with
necessary tools for the same, and dwelling-houses ler in-
terpreter, roiiier, engineer for the null, if one be neoessaiy,
farmei and mechanics that may be empioyedTor tiieii ben-
efit, per second aitiele of the treaty ol the l~r.li of March,
1853, $10,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add at the end of the bill, as follows:
To provide and act apait this bum to enable the r^nc.Vi
to adjust and settle their existing obligation* and encase-
ments, including depiedation* committed by them on ptop-
erty of citizens of the United States piior to the date of'the
ratification of thi<* agreement, so fai as the &ame may he
found and decided by their agent to be valid and sub-
ject to the approval of the Seeietaiv of the InL^iioi. jx-t
second aiticie of the treaty of the 12th of Match, IS08,
$20,01)0.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in
Fourth amendment:
Pa e 18,,line wentv-two. after the word "and," where
it oeeuis the t-ecoiel (line, stake out the woid " luimMOJ,"
and insert "furnishing
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
ARMY AITSOPKIATION IilLli.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move'to lay aside this bill
now, and take up the Army appropriation bili.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MONTGOMERY obtained the floor. _
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sedgwick] is entitled to the floor, as
I understand, upon this bill; and when he shall
have concluded, the resolution of the House
making this bill a special order will apply.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Is it the understand-
ing, then, that I shall be entitled to the floor when
any bill is up for general diseussion ? %
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will, if he
can obtain the floor. " ,
Mr. SEDGWICK addressed the House for the
hour to which he was entitled under the_ rules,
upon the slavery question in connection witfi the
Republican and Democratic parties, [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
During the delivery of Mr. SedgwickJs speech,
the following interruptions took place:
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to £t
point of order. A habit has prevailed in'this
House for some time of reading speeches. I make
the point that that practice is in violation of the
rules of this House. I call the attention of the
Chairman to this extract from Jefferson's Manual:
" A member lias not a right even to read his own specchj
committed to witting, without leave. This also is to pre-
vent an abuse of time, and, therefore, is next refused but
where that is intended."
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatis Jefferson's Manual.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Jefferson's
Manual is adopted as a part of the rules of the
House by express provision in the rules them-
selves.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise with no purpose of spe-
cially interrupting the gentleman from New York,
but to raise a question of order which ought to be
settled at this time. This is the first occasion that
we have been m the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union since the adoption of va-
rious amendments to the rules. In discussing an
amendment I offered'when the rules were under
consideration, I was told that it was already pro-
vided that debate in the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union should be confined striet-
ly to the pending question. I was told that gen-
eral debate could only be gone into in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
when the President's message was under consid-
eration. I was referred, sir, to this amendment
of the rales:
"And all deviate on special orders shall be confined strict-
ly to the measure under consideration.''
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Texas that the bill is open to
general debate for one hour under a resolution
adopted in the House. When that hour has ex-
pired, the debate must then be confined strictly
to the bill itself. The bill then becomes a special
order.
Mr. REAGAN. The Chair does not recognize
the point I wish to make. I make the point that
there cannot be general debate in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on a bill
referred to that committee, but that the debate on
that bill must be confined strictly to the provisions
of the bill. We have heretofore acted on a differ-
ent rule, but we have, I think, acted erroneously;
and, sir, the additional rule which has been
adopted recently, in my opinion,carries out only
the real intent of the former rules. I hold that it
is not competent for gentlemen to go into general
debate upon the bill now pending.
Mr. GROW. If general debate is in order, I
insist that the gentleman from New York shall be
i allowed to proceed.
! Mr. REAGAN. I state my proposition to the
i Cbiur, and I ask for a decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opm-
; ion that general debate upon this bill is in order
! until the hour fixed by the resolution of the House
has expired. After that, debate must be confined
to the merits of the pending proposition.
Mr. SEDGWICK resumed and completed his
remarks.
Mr. MONTGOMERY (who obtained the floor)
said: I do not desire to speak upon the subject of
the bill now under consideration; but I desire ta
speak upon general politics.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state that
the time for general debate upon this bill has ex-
pired; and that all debate hereafter must be con-
fined to the merits of the bill.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Then I suppose, by '
the courtesy of the House, I shall be entitled to
the floor when general debate is resumed.
Mr. CONK-LING 1 desire to- knsw whethsr
