1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the gentleman who has the floor now for tho pur-
pose of debate upon this bill is to have it hereaf-
ter for another purpose when the House goes into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union dn another bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Fcnnsylania asks the indulgence of tho commit-
tee, as he does not desire to speak upon the merits
of this bill, that he shall be permitted to have the
floor when the House again resolves itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon another bill.
Mr. CONKLING. At that time I suppose the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will take his chancc
for the floor with other members.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have some remarks upon
the homestead bill, and I ask leave to print them,
not wishing to consumc the time of the committee.
Leave was granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. FLORENCE I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committer rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of (in* Whole on the
.state of the Union had had under consideration the
Senate amendments to House bill (No 216) making
appropriations for fulfil ling treaty stipulations with
tho Ponca Indians, and with certain bands of In-
dians in the Territory of Washington and the
State of Oregon, for the year ending 30th June,
i860, and recommended concurrence therein by
the House. Also, that they had had under consid-
eration the Army bill, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. WASHHURNE, of Illinois. I call the
revious question upon tho amendments to House
ill No, 216.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
COAST SUttVlSY JuaroiiT.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offered ;i resolution this
morning in reference to (he printing of an extra
number of the meteorological portion of the ('oast
Survey report. I ask that so much of that report
as relates to the printing of the usual number be
taken up and considered at this time.
No objection being made, the usual number of
copies thereof were ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
twenty minutes past five o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned,
IN SENATE.
TCI^day, J/arc/i ;27, 1H(J0.
Pruyei by ihe Chaplain, Rev. Di. (Iniu'.y.
'1'he Journal of vest ei day wa^ read and appio\ eci. j
PETITION'S AND .MEMORIALS. 1
Mr. COLLAMER presented the memorial of '
Oliver Evan.-; Woods, of Philadelphia, in relation |
to n pianfor increasing the efficiency and levenue j
of the ,sri \ ice of tin' Post Cilice Depai Intent of the |
United Stat'-s; which was referred to tho Coin- j
nlittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mi. SEWARD presented the petition of Menry
L. Pierson, jr., ami others, citizens of New York,
praying (Congress to pass a law to prevent ail fur-
ther truJfie m and monopoly of the public lands of
the United States, and that they be hud out in
farms and lots of limited si7e, for the free and ex-
e.iuMVe u.se ofaUual setilets; wlmh was ordered
to he on the table.
J If aNo pr<s'nied a petition of Dr. Thomas
GoodseN, praying foi a pension for services as a
surg' on in the war of which was ivf nvd to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of Emanuel
Cronknght, a soldier of the war of lrtl:2, praying
to b" allowed a pension; wluch was reterred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mi. MASON piesented the petition of Thomas
W. Tansiil, pravmg that the amount of money
advanced by him as quartermaster and eommis-
.s.iry for the Commission to nm and mails the
boundary line between the United .States and
M< xjco, may be leinibursed; which was referred
to (he Commnt'-e on Churns.
Mr. Ui.NGUAM pieaented the petition of Wil-
lum G. Eaton and others, citizens of Michigan,
praying the enactment of a uniform banki upt law;
which was n i'-rn d to tin- Committee on the Judi-
ciary
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Mississippi, praying the cession of cer-
tain public lands to aid in the construction of the
Gulf and Ship Island railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Pie also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Mississippi, in relation to the
graduation of public lands lying within six miles
of the Mobile and Ohio railroad and the South-
ern railroad, within the limits of that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Mississippi, in relation to the
establishment of a navy-yard at the bay of Biloxi,
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of Edward
D. Tippett, in relation to his discharge from the
Army of the United States, and in relation to the
report of the Court of Claims made upon the sub-
ject; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
lie also presented the petition of John Sand-
ford, administrator of Jonas Mitchell, praying
remuneration for the loss of a horse, while em-
ployed by said Mitchell in the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of James
Harriott, praying permission to enter, as a pre-
emption, one hundred and sixty acres of the land
settled on and improved by his son, who was mas-
sacred by the Indians at Spirit Lake, in the State
of Iowa; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Margaret Ann
Marble, praying thatshemay be permitted to enter
a certain tract of laud improved by her husband,
who was murdered by the Indians at Spirit Lake,
in the Slate of Iowa; which was refened to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Ford Barnes,
praying compensation for the services of his father,
Job Barnes, a soldier in the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, praying the passage
of a uniform bankrupt law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of William "Blake,
praying the repeal of the second section of the act
approved March 3, 185!), making appropriations
for the payment of iu\ulid and otliei pensions ot
the United States for the year I860; which was
refened to tho Committee on Pensions.
PAPKRS WITHDRAWN AND INFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
That leave he seamed to withdraw the papeis
of Steele (join lite fito> of tho Comt of Claims,
.uul that the} lie icteircd to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Onh'ieJ, That leave be granted to witlnliawfrom the files
<>1 the Senate the petition of Ann lack-son ; the petition of
FJi/.aheth Rowan; the petition of Ruth Murphy; the peti-
tion of Ann Pnttei-on ; ami the petition of W illiam White.
lJILLR INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No. 312)
givim;'the consent of Congress to the improve-
ment of the Pass a 1'Outre of the Mississippi
river, and the Ie\ yin<; of a tonnage duty to main-
tain the same; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask, as a favor of the chair-
man (if the Committee on Commerce, to act on
tln.s bill at as eail\ a day as possible,in orderthat
it may be taken up with the bill of a similar char-
acfrr m iclation to the bay of Alobile, which is
ah< adv before the Senate.
Mr.'UPvAGG asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 314) to
authorize a special session of the circuit court of
the United States in the district of North Caro-
lina; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
mil of John Reeves, praying the intervention ot
the Government m behalf of hisclaims against the
Sultan of Turkey, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, which was agreed to
Mr. BROWN, from^.he Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a petition
of property holders in the city of Washington,
praying the enactment of a law to remunerate the
owners of property for damages sustained, or
which may be sustained, in the execution of the
act of Congress for the revision of the grades of
avenues and streets in that city, submitted a re-
port,accompanied by a bill (S. No. 313) to author-
ize the Court of Claims to award damages against
the United States in certain cases therein men-
tioned. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 261) to authorize
the levy court to issue tavern and other licenses
in the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported from the
Court of Claims for the relief of Sturges, Bennett
& Co., merchants of New York, with the report of
the court in favor of the claim, reported the bill
(S. No. 315) for the relief of Sturges, Bennett &
Co., merchants of the city of New York. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 29th
of February, a statement showing the number
and location of the marine hospitals, the number
of seamen or patients admitted into each from
1854 to 1859, inclusive, in each year, the number
and compensation of the persons e mployed in each,
and the total expenditure at each hospital for each
of those years, reported in favor of printing the
usual number; and the report was agreed to.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Saturday of the present week be set
apait tor the coifsidcration of business relating to the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
MESSAGE PRO51 TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
tiouse had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
26) constituting Macon, Georgia, a port of entry
for tho time being, for the purposes therein speci-
fied, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 216) making appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Ponca In-
dians, and with certain bands of Indians in the
State of Oregon and Territory of Washington, for
the year ending June 30, 1860.
RELATIONS OF STATES.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that tho resolu-
tions submitted by the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Du'is] be taken up, with a view to ask of the
Senate that they be made the special order for a
future day.
The motion to take up the resolutions was
agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. " I now move that they be
postponed to Monday next, at one o'clock, and be
made the special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MALLORY. If there be no further morn-
ing business, I move to take up the bill (S. No.
299) to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy
of the United States, on which the Senate ad-
journed yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the Sen-
ator from Florida to allow me to make an expla-
nation.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise, Mr.
President, to do ^hat I am not in the habit of
doing in the Senate—make a personal explanation.
As 1 sec the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] in his seat, I desire to make an inquiry
of him in regard to a speech purporting to ha\e
been made by him, as reported m the New York
