3254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
did not demand the previous question, and I am
ofder. I will not detain the House, however.
I, hope th6 House wiJl adopt this amendment,
wkicb, I understand, will be acceptable to the
SeiftUe. Itshould lit acceptable to the friends of
the Postmaster General, and also to the friends
of the restoration of the mail service, although it
do.es not give them all they wanted, if my mo-
tion be agreed to* we will get rid of this trouble-
some question. I call for the previous question.
ESTBOLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
roiled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly,enrolled an act (H. R. 424) for the
relief of congressional township number six south,
range number eight west, in Randolph county,
State of Illinois; and an act'(H. R. No. 238) for
the relief of Robert Johnson*, when the Speaker
signed the same.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BRANCH. As I understand the question,
the gentleman moves that the House recede from
its .amendment, and the adoption of the proposi-
tion that has just been read.
Mr. WAStlBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir; I
-move that the House recede from its amendment,
and then I move the adoption of another amend-
ment in lieu of it. It only changes the amend-
ment of the Senate in this: it strikes out the re-
striction to contracts which have expired by then-
own limitation. 1 understand that there are some
contracts in the gentleman's own State, in South
Carolina, Florida, and two or three other States,
which have expired by their own limitation,and
that there is a great desire for the restoration of
service upon the routes thus affected in those
States. We authorize the Postmaster General to
do that.' And then there is a verbal alteration in
the provision in reference to the steamer Isabel.
Mr. MILES. I hope I will be allowed to say
one word,as I did not concur with the other man-
agers in the conference on the part of the House.
Mr. CARTER. Has the previous question
been called ?
The SPEAKER. It has'.
Mr. CARTER. Then I object to debate.
Mr. MILES. I hope my colleague in the con-
ference will withdraw his demand for the previous
question, so that I may say a word or two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do with-
draw it; and I yield to the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. CARTER. I object.
Mr. MILES. The gentleman from New York
is so ignorant of the rules of the House that he
never can be in order.
* Mr. CARTER. When a gentleman of this
House says that another gentleman is entirely
ignorant of the rules of the House, 1 think that
gentleman ought to be allowed to reply. [Cries
of u Order!" " Order!"]
ThcSPEAKER. Thegentleman is outof order,
and the gentleman from South Carolina has the
floor.
Mr. CARTER. Has he been assigned the
•floor to traduce any member upon this floor?
Mr. BARR. I hope that the Speaker will order
the Sergeant-at-Arms to keep the gentleman m
•order. He has kept this House in an uproar all
the morning, and I will stand it no longer.
Mr. MILES. Mr. Speaker, as one of the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the House not
concurring in the report of the majority of th«
committee, I desire to make a simple statement to
the House. This is the pith and substance of the
matter; this is the whole difficulty: the House in-
sists upon restoring all the inland mail routes
which were under contract on the 4th of March,
1859.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
Mr. Miles was here interrupted by a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Patton, one of us
Clerks, notifying the House that that body had
agreed to the amendment of the House to Senate
bill No. 30, for tho relief of Sheldon McKnight.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 30) for the
relief of Sheldon McKnight} when the Speaker
signed the same.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MILES. I will resume. The Senate are
unwilling to agree to the restoration of these
routes, while the House insists on that restoration.
There have been three committees of conference
on the disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
I do not myself see how it is possible for us to
come to any agreement. 1 think it is almost mor-
ally certain that the Senate -will never agree to
this wholesale restoration. They consider that it
is a censure upon the Postmaster General. They
consider it is inexpedient that Congress should
assume the absolute control of the Post Office De-
partment, and leave no discretion in the head of
the Department. I am clearly under the impres-
sion that we never can compel the Senate to agree
to the amendment of the House. In order to se-
cure the possibility of agreement, it is necessary,
in my judgment, for the House to change its pres-
ent position.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
every reason, I learn, that the Senate will concur
in the proposition we propose, and that there will
then be no doubt of the passage of the bill. I
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Stevenson and Hoard were appointed. The
question was taken on Mr, Washburne's motion,
i and it was agreed to; the tellers having reported
—ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which his proposition was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DOCUMENTS ORDERED TO BE PRINTED.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back to the House the fol-
lowing papers; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed:
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, in reference to certain appropriations for the
Post Office Department; and s
A communication from the War Department,
in reference to an appropriation for the continu-
ance and completion of connecting sections of the
wagon road from Fort Smith and Albuquerque
to the Colorado ri\er.
JOIIN W. NYE.
Mr. CARTER. 1 move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill iSfo. 630, for the relief
of John W. Nye.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I objcct.
Mr. CARTER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. HOARD. I call for the reading of the bill
and report.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
J. W. Nye the sum of $5,043 94, for furnishing
horses and carryalls, and hauling boxes and other
articles, for the use of the House of Representa-
tives for the Twenty-Eighth Congress, under a
written contract with the Postmaster of the House
of Representatives, dated January 5, 1844, and
approved by the House of Representatives; and
for damages sustained by the willful abuse and
destruction of his property by persons in the ser-
vice and under the control of tlie House of Rep-
resentatives. It also requires the Secretary of
the Treasury, on the payment of the sum above
named, to take a receipt of J. W. Nye in full sat-
isfaction of all claims for' services or damages
arising from said contract.
Mr. HOARD. 1 call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to the reading of the
report until the rules have been suspended. After
that, of course, I shall have no objection.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended.
BOOK-FOLDERS.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Rppresenta-
tives bu, and he is heieby, required to pay, out of the con-
tingent iund, to the several book-folders—not exceeding
twelve in number—appointed the present session by the
Doorkeeper of the House, the sum of two dollars per day
each, for every day such book-foldors &hall have been em-
ployed in folding books, or shall have been m attendance
ready to fold Whatever books might come in, out of which
shall be deducted all such sums as may aheady have been
paid to said hook-folders, respectively, on said account. The
number of days of attendance and the amount due in each
case to be adjusted and certified by the Committee of Ac-
counts.
Mr. ALLEN. I object; and I would like to
make a statement in reference to those book-fold-
ers. ["Order!" " Order!")
Mr. STUART, of Pennsylvania. I move to
suspend the rules.
Mr, BABBITT. There never was a more just
claim than this. I have investigated it, and know
it to be so, ["Order!" "Order!"]
The rules were not suspended.
ELIPHALET BROWN, JR.
Mr. BARR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 439) for the relief of Elipha-
let Brown, in order that the same may be put on
its passage.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. BARR. I move to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
The motion was not agreed to.
MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
furnish this House with his reasons for transferring the
transportation of the mails from the Jetforsonville and In-
dianapolis railroad to the New Albany and Salem railroad,
together with all the facts connected with said change that
he may d«ein important, and how said change has affected
the public interests.
Mr. BABBITT. I objcct.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to suspend the rules;
and I wish to say that the Postmaster General
desires the passage of this resolution.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The resolution was agreed to.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is now one o'clock,
and I ask that the special order be taken up.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered on the bill (H. R. No. 847)
authorizing a loan, and providing for the redemp-
tion of Treasury notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Bonijam were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes 80.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes I1'. Adams, Allen. Asiimore,
Avery. Barksdale, Blake, Bonhani, Boteler, Bouhguy,
Boyce, Biabson,Branch, Bristow, Buffmton, Burch, Bur-
lingame, Burnham, Oaiey, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Col-
lax, James Craig, Bmton Craige, Crawford,Cuiry, David-
son, H.Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Delano, Dimmick,
Edmundson, Eliot, English, Gartrell, Gooch, GurJey, J.
Morri-on n<iru«, John T, Harris, Hattori, Hill, Houston,
William Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Jenkins,
Jones, Keitt, William Kellogjj, Land*urn, Larrahec, De-
Witt C. Leach, Leake, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S,
Martin. Maynaid, McQueen, McRae, Mile&, Mdlt-oti, S) d-
enham Mooie, Morse, Niblack, Pendleton, Peny, IVyton,
Phelps, Pi voi, Pugh,Reagan, Kiggs, Ruffin, Jtiwf, Sedgwick,
Singleton." William Smith, William N. II. Smith. Sutl-
vvoithj Stevenson, James A* Stewart. Taylor, Thoma>, Tn-
derwood, VaUandighiUn, Vance, Woodson, and Wright—
88.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Alduch, Ashley, Bab-
I bitt, Ueale, Bingham, SaumH S. Blair, Bray ton, Butterfield,
Campbell, Carter. Case, Cobb, Corvviif, Curtis Dnell,
Dunn, Edwards, Ely, Eiliendge, Ferry, Floieuce, Foster,
Frank, Gilmer, Giovv, Hale, Hall, Ilelmiek, f-loaid, Hum-
phrey, Ilutchms Junkim Flatten W. Kellogg, Kenyou,
Kilgore, James M. Leach, Longrjecker, Loonjts, Jtfarnton,
McKeau, McKnight, McPherson, Laban T. Moore, Moor-
head, Moriill, Edward Joy Moirie>, N. Morris, Ohn,
I Palmer, Pettil, Poiter, Pottci, 4uarle^, Christopher Hobm-
] son,lloycc,Scranton, Sherman. Somes, Spinnei, Stanton,
j Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton, Tapparj,
1 Theaker, Trimble, V'andevor, Van VVyck, Vcrrce, Wade.
