2310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
and signed a joint resolution (S. No. 6)^uthor-
izing the enlargement of, and construction of a
branch of, $e Louisville and Portland canal.
MESSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 239) for the relief
of George F. Brott.
EN&OLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 299) to increase
and regulate the pay of the Navy of the United
States; and it was signed by the vice President.
MISSION TO SARDINIA.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 699) to amend "An act regulating the diplo-
matic and consular system of the United States,"
have instructed me to report it, with an amend-
ment. This bill is that from the House of Rep-
resentatives, which proposes to raise the grade of
the minister to Sardinia from that of a minister
resident to a minister plenipotentiary. The com-
mitteehave instructed me to report the bill, with an
amendment, which will leave it to the President
to raise that mission, if he thinks proper, and
appropriating tho salary. The effect of it is re-
ally the same. Many Senators desire that this
bill should be put on i^s passage, and 1 ask it con-
sonant to their request.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Objection being
interposed, the bill cannot be considered at this
time.
IIOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is upon
the table of the President the homestead bill of
the Senate, (No. 4X6,) which has been returned
from the House of Representatives, with the sub-
stitution of the original biii winch came from the
House to this body. As the Senate has already
considered the amendment that has now been
adopted by the House in lieu of the Senate bill,
I cannot believe it is necessary, or that it is deemed
desirable by Senators, to discuss the iwo meas-
ures. Tho Senate passed the original bill, for
which the House of Representatives lias substi-
tuted, as an amendment, or rather, to speak more
correctly, a substitute, the original House bill. I
ask that it may be taken up, and I move that the
Senate disagree to the amendment, in order that
it may be returned to the House.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. Let us have the
special order.
Mr. GWIN. [ hopo the special order will be
taken up.
RELATIONS OF STATES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) There are two special orders for the
present time—the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] and the overland mail
route bill. The resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, being the unfinished business, take
precedence of that bill. Which subject shall be
postponed, and which considered, is for the Sen-
ate to decide.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to address the Sen-
ate on the resolutions of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Those resolu-
tions are before the Senate, and in order. The
Senator from Michigan may proceed.
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolutions under dis-
cussion were presented by the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] one of the most
distinguished and worthy leaders of the Demo-
cratic party. It is understood that they have been
adopted by a large majority of Democratic Sen-
ators in caucus; and although they have not
been formally voted upon by the Senate, yet I
think it fair to presume that they express the opin-
ions and embody the creed, not only of the.ma-
jority of this honorable body, but of the domi-
nant party in the country. The honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr, Chesnut,] in his dis-
cussion of them, says that they
"Are just,and therefore wise. In regard to the subjects
of which they treat, they announce the true doctrine of the
Constitution. Among otii^r things, they denounce two cap-
ital political heresies: that which claims sovereign power
for the Government—unlimited power—over this subject,
and that which claims sovereign power for the inhabitants
of a Territory."
The fourth and fifth resolutions are in the fol-
lowing words:
"4. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature, whether by direct legislation or legislation of
an indirect and unfriendly nature, possess the power to an-
nul or impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the
United States to take his slave property into the common
Territories; but it is the duty of the Federal Government
there to afford for that, as for other species of property, the
needful protection; and if expeiience should at any time
prove that the judiciary does not possess power to insure
adequate protection, it will then bccome the duty of Con-
gress to supply such deficiency.
"5. Resolved, That the inhabitants of an organized Ter-
ritory of the United States, when they rightfully foi m a con-
stitution to be admitted as a State into the Union, may
then, for the first time, like the people of a State, when
forming a new constitution, decide for themselves whether
slavery, as a domestic institution, shall- be maintained or
prohibited within their jurisdiction ; and if Congress shall
admit them as a State, 4 they shall be received into the
Union with or without slavery, as their constitution may
prescribe at the time of their admission.5"
The party now known as the Democratic party
has been a distinct organization more than sixty
years, and is almost coeval with the foundation
of the Government. Looking for its paternity
to the author of the Declaration of Independence,
the immortal Jefferson, the Democratic party has
ever claimed to be the advocate of the largest lib-
erty; of the greatest good to the greatest number;
of equal rights and equal privileges; of a strict
construction of the Constitution; and in favor of
State rights, in opposition to the powers claimed
for the Federal Government by the Federal party.
The Democratic party has professed opposition
to all monopolies—all exclusive privileges; and
two of its great leaders, Jefferson and Jackson,
took open and strong ground against the political
decisions of the Supreme Court, which were de-
signed to control the legislation of Congress or
to affect the judgment or conscience of its indi-
vidual members; but never, previous to the year
1846, did the Democratic party, or any of its lead-
ers, deny the power of Congress to legislate ex-
clusively for the Territories, and especially to
prohibit the introduction of slavery therein.
Immediately after the close of the revolutionary
war, Mr. Jefferson announced tho great principles
of civil polity which were to lie at the foundation
of the new States, to be formed out of what was
then the only Territory they possessed; and m
1787, they were formally adopted by Congress,
in the promulgation of the ordinance which pro-
hibited the introduction of slavery therein. Every
new settler, as he crossed the border of that great
Territory to establish for himself and his children
a home, had the solemn assurance of the Govern-
ment that free labor was never to be degraded by
its contact with slavery upon that soil, and that
free men could only live there.
I shall undertake to show, Mr. President, that
this benign policy, the salutary effects of which
will be acknowledged as long as we respect the
virtues of our ancest#rs, was the policy of the
Government under the new Constitution, and es-
pecially of the party first known as the Repub-
lican and afterwards as the Democratic party; and
that the Republican party of to-day only desires
to carry out the principles which were adopted
by the Republican party of 1800, and from the en-
forcement of which the present flourishing States
of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota, have sprung. One of the
first acts under the new Constitution., voted for
by many of the men who had come fresh from
the convention which framed that instrument,
was approved, on the 7th of August, 1789, by
General Washington; and the preamble is in these
words:
"Whereas, in order that the oidinance of the United
States, m Congress assembled, for the goveuimentof the
Territory northwest of the river Ohio, may continue to
have full effect, it is requisite that certain piovlsums* should
be made, so as to adapt the tame to the present Constitu-
tion of the United States."
Here is a complete recognition of the power of
Congress to legislate for the Territories, and to
exclude slavery therefrom; for this act redacted
and reestablished the provisions of that ordinance.
In pursuance of the policy marked out by the
ordinance to which I have referred, Congress,
from time to time, in the organization of territorial
governments, applied the same restriction of sla-
very by direct legislative enactment; and so un-
questioned was the complete power of Congress
over the subject, that in 1802 President Jeffer-
son approved the enabling act authorising the
people of Ohio to form a State government, which
contained a proviso that the constitution should
not be repugnant to the ordinance of 1787. Mr.
Madison approved a similar act, in relation to
Indiana, in 1816, and Mr. Monroe one relating to
Illinois, m 1818. Acts were passed during the ad-
ministration of every Democratic President,down
to and including James K. Polk, when the Terri-
tory of Oregon was organized, with the same pro-
hibition, that there should be " neitherslavery nor
involuntary servitude in said Territory otherwise
than in the punishment of crime, whereof the party
shali have been duly convicted." During all this
period Congress not only exercised the power
unquestioned of prohibiting the existence of sla-
very in the Territories, and of requiring the State
constitutions to conform to the provisions of the
ordinance, but it exercised the power of regulat-
ing slavery in the southwestern Territories.
Cinder the provisions of the Constitution, Con-
gress could not restrain the foreign slave trade
until the year 1808, and that infamous traffic was
regarded as legitimate commerce. And yet, in
1794, Congress discriminated against this species
of property, and prohibited the carrying of slaves
to any foreign country, and utterly condemned
slaves and slavery as an article of commerce. In
1798, ten years before Congress had authority to
j prohibit the importation of African slaves into
I the States, in the act for the government of the
i Mississippi Territory, the seventh section makes
it unlawful to bring slaves into the Mississippi
Territory from any place without the United
States; imposes a fine of $300 for every slave thus
brought into the Territory in violation of the pro-
visions of the act, and gives to every slave thus
brought in, his or her freedom. The doctrine of
" non-intervention" had not been invented at that
time, and the Congress of that day was not hin-
dered by constitutional scruples from exercising
the sovereign power of prohibiting the African
slave trade in the Territories ten years before
they were authorized to make the same prohibi-
tion in the States.
In 1804, when tho Louisiana Territory was or-
ganized, similar provisions were enacted prohib-
iting the introduction of slaves into the Territory
from any place without the United States, with
an additional provision against the introduction
of any slaves from the States, that had been im-
ported since 1798, exercising unquestioned, ex-
press authority to prohibit and regulate slavery,
and all other matters, in the Territories. These
acts were approved by Jefferson—authority which
the Democratic party has never had the hardihood
to dispute. Congress afterwards, in the year 1836,
repealed and nullified the territorial acts of Flor-
ida, incorporating certain banks and insurance
companies, and this act received the sanction of
General Jackson. Congress also, in several in-
stances, legislatedin relation to slavery in Florida.
In the year 1800 a petition from Mississippi
Territory was sent into Congress praying for per-
mission to take slaves into the Territory. This
petition was introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives. The House passed a bill entitled
44 An act to permit, in certain cases, the bringing
of slaves into the Mississippi Territory."
This Territory was at the southern extremity
of the United States, and altogether surrounded
by an old slaveholding population. The bill
passed the House without a division. It was sent
to the Senate, where Thomas Jefferson presided,
he being Vice President, where it was rejected
by a vote of 14 to 5.
From this statement it will be seen, Mr. Pres-
ident, that for a long period in the history of the
Government, and of the Democratic party under
its most distinguished loaders, the power of the
Government over its Territories, in all respects,
was unquestioned; and that the wise and states-
manlike policy of restricting and regulating sla-
very was invariably pursued.
But " then arose a new king which knew not
Joseph." The precepts and example of Jefferson
were discarded. An influence appeared in the
southern States which sought to change the set-
tled policy of the Government, and to establish
and perpetuate the institution of slavery. This
influence I shall denominate the slave power. Per-
haps its first attempt to control the Democratic
