1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3255
Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
and Woodiuff—77.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. COX stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Killinger upon the loan bill; that Mr. Kil-
linger would have voted " no," while he would
have voted "ay."
Mr. STOUT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Farnsw.orth, who would have voted ^ no"
upon this bill, while he would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative, but that he had paired off
with Mr. Nixon.
Mr. NELSON stated that,atthe request ofMr.
Millson, he had paired off with Mr. De Jar-
nette; that otherwise he would have voted in the
negative.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Wood.
Mr. SHERMAN stated that Mr. Covode had
paired off with Mr Garnett.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, stated that
Mr. Millward was detained from the House by
illness; that had he been here he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. SCOTT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Lovejoy; otherwise, he would have voted in
the affirmative.
Mr. STEVENSON stated that Mr. Burnett
had paired off with Mr. Millward.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to reconsider the
vote byw^iich the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. BUABSON. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions to report a
bill to the House, and I now ask unanimous con-
sent to do so. If objection is made, I shall move
to suspend the rules. It is a bill (H. R. No. 801)
granting pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. BRABSON. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee if he proposes to consider
that bill now?
Mr. BRABSON. I propose to suspend therules
for the purpose of reporting the bill, and then I
shall make such motion as- 
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am opposed to that bill;
and I object.
Mr. BRABSON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules. I desire a
test vote on the bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It will only cost the Gov-
ernment $30,000,000 the first year.
Mr. BRABSON. No, sir, only $2,000,000; and
I am willing to meet any gentleman upon that
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for tellers upon the
yeas an8 nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Brabson
and Curtis were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-two, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOARD. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill is not before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the bill not being before the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton., one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 46) supplementary to the joint res-
olution in relation to the public printing, approved
June,1860.
Mr. GURLEY. 1 move that that joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Several Members. Let the resolution be read.
The resolution was read. It enacts that, instead
of the Superintendent of Public Pruning, it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to con-
tract for the erection or purchase of the necessary
buildings to carry into effect the provisions of the
first section of the joint resolution in relation to
the public printing, approved June, 1860; and it
repeals so much of the first section of said joint
resolution as is inconsistent with this joint res-
olution.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no use in referring
this joint resolution. As soon as the vote is had
on this other matter, we can take it up and pass it.
Mr. GURLEY. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to say whether, if it be referred, he intends
to report it back at once ?
Mr. GURLEY. We will take it into consid-
eration immediately.
Mr. HOUSTON. I prefer to take up this bill
and pass it at once. It does not require a refer-
ence to any committee.
Mr. GURLEY. That is the proper committee,
and it is usual to refer everything of this kind to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill proposes to make
a judicious and necessary reform, and I am fear-
ful that, if it goes to the Committee on Printing, it
will not be reported back. If the gentleman will
promise to report it back, I will make no objec-
tion; otherwise, I object to it.
The matter passed over informally.
PENSION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the roll is called on
suspendingthe rules on House bill No. 801, grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers of 1812,1 ask that the
bill be read, so that we may understand it.
The bill was read.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; anditwas decided in the negative
—yeas 91, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams Allen, Alley, Ashley,
Avery, Babbitt, Bingham,Francis P. Blair, Iilako, Boteler,
Bouhgny,Bi'dbsou, ISraUon, Brn-tow, BulHnton,Campbell,
Cartel, Case, Cobb, Colfax, Cox.* Cmti :> Davidson, Dim-
nuck, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Klv, Ethend«e, Floiencc,
Foster, Frank, French, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hale, J. Motnson
Hani?, Ilatton, Helimck, William Howard, Ilutchin*,
France W. Kellogg, William Kellosjg, Kenyon, Kilgore,
Landium, Lai rabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Longnceker,
Malloiy, Maiston, Cliatlet- I). Martin, Majmud, RIcKcan,
IVIcKniglH, McPher-<on, Laban T. Moore, Moorbead. Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morn-, Nelson, Palmer, Perry,
PcttU, Peyton, Porter, Cluarlcs, Ilice, Christopher Robin-
son, Royce, Scranton, William N. II. Smith, Spinner, Stc
venson, James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Stoke?,
Stratton, Theaker, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance,Van-
dever, Van W>ck, Verree, Walton, Wells, Woodruff,
Woodson, and Wright—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Ashmore,
Barksdaie, Bair, Bonham, Bovco, Branch, Burch, Burn-
ham, Carey, lloiace F. Clark, Clopton. Corwin, Barton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Delano, Ferry, Grow, John T. Ilariis, Houston, Jenkins,
Jones, Keitt, DeWitt C. Leach, Love, Maclay, McQueen,
Miles, MiMson, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Phelps, Potter,
Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Riggs, Ruffin, Rust, Sedgwick, Sin-
glaton, William Smith, Somes, Stanton, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Wudo, and Ellihu B. Wiu-hburne—53.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. GARTRELL, on his name being called,
said: Being assured by the gentleman who now
offers this bill, thatif the rules besuspended, time
will be allowed to consider and pcrfect it, I vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman who intro-
duced this bill declined to give any indication of
the course that he intended to pursue on the sus-
pension of the rules. If he had desired to bring
it in and leave it to a full and proper investigation
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union,or adoptanyothcrfaircourse,I would
have been willing to let it in. I vote " no," how-
ever, on the ground that he declined to give us
any answer on the subject.
Mr. BRABSON. I'liavc no disposition to de-
cline any investigation in the House. I want that
to be undeistood.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I objectto debate.
Air. COBB, when his name was called, said; I
promised my constituents that if I was not in-
1 strurted to vote against the bill, I would vote for
it. I therefore vote to suspend the rules.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BRABSON. I now move that the bill
and report be ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope that that conces-
sion, at least, will be granted to the old soldiers.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to that,
provided the speech delivered against the bill at
the last Congress by the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Curry] be printed as u minority report.
Mr. BRABSON. I have, no objection to that;
but I should desire, however, to answer that
speech.
Objection was made. . -
DISPOSITION OS* SEATS.
Mr. BRABSON. I ask leave to offer th& fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That when the present seats of members are
removed from the Hall of the House of Representatives, in
compliance with a resolution of pie House, they be turned
over to the custody of the superintendent of the Govern-
ment Hospital for the Insane, who is authorized to deposit
them in the chapel and lecture-room of that institution,
there to remain, subject only to the future order ofthis body.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HOUSTON I think that a very excel-
lent proposition, for the insane have possession
of them now. [Laughter.]
Mr. VANCE. The gentleman has no right to
provide for his own at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. [Laughter.]
LEGISLATIVE AND EXECUTIVE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 339) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the yearending 30th June,
1861, have met, and after full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses as follows: That the Senate recede from
their amendment to the amendment of the House
to the seventh amendment of the Senate; that the
House recede from its amendment to the said sev-
enth amendment, and agree to the-said seventh
amendment; and that the Senate recede from its
twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-third, and
twenty-fourth amendments.
The seventh amendment relates to the matter
of the printing of the two Houses. By the terms
on which each Printer was elected, they are.to be
subject to any law which might be passed in rela-
tion to the price to be paid for the printing. The
Senate seemed to be very tenacious in regard to
their amendment, and so far as the committee of
conference could discover, the Senate are even
willing to lose the bill on that point. But by the
terms of their election, a law may be - passed at
the next session reducing the price which is ^aid
for the printing, as well as at tne present session,
and the House have already sent a bill to the
Senate reducing the price to be paid for the print-
ing forty percent., which the Senate, if it chooses,
can act upon at any moment. The committee of
conference, therefore, finally agreed that the Sen-
ate should recede from its amendment, and that
the House should recede from its amendment.
In relation to the other matter, as will be appa-
rent to every gentleman present, the passage of
the loan bill has obviated any difficulty between
the two Houses. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Patton, one of its clerks, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
an act (H. R. No. 847) authorizing a loan and
providing for the redemption of Treasury notes.
ARRANGEMENT OF TIIE HALL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication:
Office United States Capitol Extension,
Washington, June 22, 181)0.
Sir: Unless a change is made in the Older of the House
of Representatives relating to tire rearrangement of the seats
of the IiaU, it will be my duty, with your permission, to
take out the seats at present there, and put back the old
de-;ks and chairs.
I therefore respectfully request that you will give mo
such permission or authority m the matter as may, in your
opinion, be necessary, and the work will, in that case, be
done as soon as possible after the adjournment.
I am, very respectfully, vour obedient snvant.
W. B. FRANKLIN,
Captain of Topographical Engineers
in charge Capitol Extension-
Hon. William Pennington,
Speaker House Representatives,
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not sup-
