1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2311
party was in the nomination of President, in 1844.
Having acquired a large additional strength, by
the admission of the States of Louisiana, Mis-
souri, Arkansas and Florida, from territory ac-
quired by treaty and purchase, this same power
undertook, very adroitly, to precipitate the ques-
tion of the armexationof Texas into the presiden-
tial canvass of that year, and to commit the Demo-
cratic party to that measure. Mr. Van Buren was
u prominent candidate for nomination at the Bal-
timore convention of that year; and it was known
that, during his Presidency, he had rejected pro-
posals for the annexation of Texas while Mex-
ico refused to acknowledge her independence and
hostilities existed between those two Republics.
As a pretext for defeating his nominations letter
was thereupon addressed to Mr. Van Buren, in-
quiring- whether he favored the present annexation
i f Texas. He replied, in manly and statesman-
like terms, that although he did desire the annex-
ation of Texas, he could never consent to the
measure, at the expense of involving us in a war
with our sister Republic of Mexico, between whom
and this Government there existed a treaty of
peace and friendship. The publication of the let-
ter produced the desired effect; and amidst great
excitement, the nomination of Mr. Van Buren was
•defeated, and James K. Polk became the candi-
date of the party. This was an open and signal
triumph of the slave power; and resolutions were
passed in favor of the immediate annexation of.
Texas.
The discipline of the Democratic party was at
that time rigid and exact; but now and then a
brave and honest man, like my friend from New
Hampshire, who sits near me, [Mr. Hale,] re-
fused submission to its dictation, and openly op-
posed the annexation of Texas. There was danger
of a general outbreak in the party, and something
must be done to allay their fears. At that con-
juncture, Mr. James Buchanan, then a Senator of
the United States, and then, and ever since, the
willing and supple instrument of the slave power,
in a speech upon the treaty of annexation, which
was then pending in the Senate, deliberately and
plausibly undertook to convince the Democracy
of the free States that the annexation of Texas,
so far from being the means of perpetuating sla-
very, or of strengthening its influence, would,
under Providence, be the means of relieving the
northern slave States of that terrible incubus
upon their prosperity. I propose to read some
extracts from that notable speech, which was de-
livered on the 4th of June, 1844. Mr. Buchanan
said:
In arriving at the conclusion to support this treaty. T
had to encounter hut one serious obstacle, and this wasthe
question of slaveiy. Whilst I over have maintained, and
ever shall maintain, the constitutional rights of the southern
States ovn their slave property, I yet feel a strong repug-
nance, by any aci of nunc, to extend the preheat limit> of
the Union over a nowslaveholdingTeiutoiy. Alter mature
reflection, however, I overcame these scruples, and now
believe the acquisition of Texas will be the means of lim-
iting, not cnlaigiHg, the dominion of slavery. There is
nothing rash in the counsels of the Almighty. May not, then,
the acquisition ofTexas be the means ot gradually diawing
the slaves far to the South, to a climate more congenial to
their nature ; and may they not finally pass oft' into Mexico,
and there mingle with a race where no prejudice exists
agam.^t their color? That the acquisition ofTexa* would,
ens long, convert Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri,
and probably others of the more northern slave States into
free States,"l enteitain not a doubt. From the very best
information, it is no longer profitable to raise wheat, rye,
and corn by slave labor. Where these articles are the only
staple', of agriculture, m the pointed and expressive lan-
guage of Mu Randolph,£ it the slave does not run away fioin
his niH.stei, tin; master must run away from the slave.' "
This was Mr. Buchanan's declaration. Mr.
Robert J. Walker, then a Senator from Missis-
sippi, in a public letter, extensively circulated at
the North, said:
"■ The question is asked, is slavery never to disappear
fiom the Union ? This is a startlingand momentous ques-
tion, but the answer is easy, and the proof is clear. It will
certainly disappear, if Texas is rcannexed to the Union."
Mr. President, it may seem harsh for mc to
charge that these statements were fraudulently
made, with the intent to impose upon anddeceive
the northern Democracy. That thousands upon
thousands of them, myself among the number,
were misled and betrayed by assurances from
such high authority, into the support of the meas-
ure for the annexation of Texas, there can be
no doubt; and I should like to have some one
explain tome how they could have been truth-
faliyand honestly made, when the very treaty for
the annexation of Texas, with all the correspond-
ence, was at that time before the Senate, and the
occasion of the speech of Mr. Buchanan from
which I have quoted. The negotiation of the treaty
was placed solely upon the ground that Great
Britain was about to exert her influence to procure
the abolition of slavery in Texas. All the schemes
of the slave power, in carrying slaves into Texas
against the Mexican law and encouraging the
revolt against Mexico, were about to be thwarted.
Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Walker and the Senate,
knew very well that it was only because slavery
was endangered in Texas that the treaty was
concluded in such hot haste.
I shall take the liberty of reading such extracts
from the correspondence as will prove the truth
of my assertions.
Mr. Murphy was the charge from this Govern-
ment to Texas; and, m a letter addressed to him
by Mr. Upshur, Secretary of State, dated Wash-
ington, August 8, 1843, he said:
" Sir: A private letter fiom a citizen of Maryland, then
in London, contains the following passage :
ieain, fiom a souice entitled to the fullest confi-
dence, that there is now here a Mr. Anchews, deputed by
the Abolitionists of Texas to negotiate with the British
Government; that he has seen Loid Abeideen, and sub-
mitted Ins projet for the abolition of slavery in Texas;
which is, that there shall be organized a company in Eng-
land, who shall advance a sum sufficient to pay for the
slaves now in Texas, and receive in payment Texas lands;
that thehum thus advanced shall be paid over as an indem-
nity for the abolition of slavery; and f am authoiized by
the Texan minister to say to you, that Loul Aberdeen has
agreed that the British Government will guaranty the pay-
ment of the interest on this loan, upon condition that the
Texan Government will abolish slavery.*
"The writer professes to feel entire confidence m the
accuracy of this information. He is a man of great intel-
ligence, and well versed in public affairs. Ilenee I have
every reason to confide in the coiiectness of his conclu-
sions.
" A movement of this sortcannotbe contemplated by us
m silcnce. Such an attempt upon any neighboring coun-
try would necessanly he viewed by this Government with
very deep concern ; but when it is made upon a nation
whose territories join the plaveholdingStatesnf ourUnion,
it awakens a still moie solemn interest. Jt cannot be per-
mitted to succeed without the most strenuous efforts on
our part to aircst a calamity so seuous to cvciy part of our
country.
" But there it another view of this subject more im-
portant to us, and tcarcely le?" linpoitantto Texa<-heiself.
The establishment, in the vetj- midst of oui *hiveboldmg
Slafi, ot an independent Q tvemns'mt, fos bidding the ex-
istence of slavery, and by a people born, for the mo: t part,
among us,reared up in our habits,and speaking our language,
could not fail to produce the most unhappy effects upon
both paities. If Texas were in that condition, her teriitory
would nfl'ord a leady refuge for the fugitive slaves of Louis-
iana and Arkansas, and would hold out to them an en-
couragement to run away, which no munleipal.regulatlons
of those States could possibly counteract."
In another dispatch, dated January 16, 1844,
he says:
"But this is not all. If Texas should lefusetoeome
into our Union, measures will instantly be taken to fill her
territory with emigrants from Europe. Extensive ariange-
inents tor this are alieadv made, and they will be earned
into effect as soon as the decision oi"JYxa-> shall be known.
These emigrants will bring wiih them European feelings
and European opinion4-. Emigration lioin the United States
will cea^e; at all event", the people ot the southern States
will not inn the hazard of subjecting then t-lavo pioperty
to the control of a population who arc anxious to abolish
slavery. Texas will soon ccase to be an American State.
Her population, her politics, and her manners, will stamp
her as European. This fact alone will destroy the sym-
pathy which now exists between that country and this.
u But the first measuie of the new emigrants, as soon as
they shall have sufficient strength, will be to destroy that
great domestic institution upon which &o much of the pros-
perity of our southern country depends. To this England
will stimulate them, and she will also furnish the means
of accomplishing it. I have commented upon this topic m
the dispatch to Mi. Everett. I will only add, that it Texas
should not be attached to the United States, she cannot
maintain that institution ten years, and probably not half
that time."
The treaty was concluded; and I have but one
extract more to read, which is the reason assigned
to the Mexican Government, by Mr. Calhoun,
who had succeeded as Secretary of State, for the
action of this Government. It is dated* April 19,
1844:
" In making the fact known to the Mexican Government,
the President enjoins it on you to give it, in the first place,
the strongest assurance that, in adopting this measuie, our
Government is actuated by jio feelings of disrespect or in-
difference to the honoi or dignity of Mexico, and that It
would be a subject of great regret if it should be otherwise
regarded by its Government. And, in the next place, that
the step was forced on the Government ot the United States,
in self-defense, in consequence of the policy adopted by
Great Britain in reference to the abolition of slavery in
Texas, ft was impossible for the United States to witness
with indifference the efforts of Great Biitam to abolish sla-
very there. They could not but *ee that she had the means
in her power, in the actual condition ot Texas, to accom-
plish the objects of her policy, unless prevented by the most
efficient mcasuies; and that, if accompli&hcd,it would lead
to a state of things dangerous in the extreme to the adjacent
States, and the Union itself. Seeing this, this Government
has been compelled, by the necessity of the case, and a re-
gard to its constitutional obligations, to take the step it has,
as the only certain and effectual means of preventing it.
It has taken it in full view of all possible consequences,
but not without a desire and hope that a full and fair dis-
closure of the causes which induced it to do so would pre-
vent the disturbance of the harmony subsisting between
the two countries, which the United States is anxious to '
preserve."
Mr. President, the war which Mexico had
taken the precaution to assure our Government
would be the consequence of the annexation, fol-
lowed immediately; and an appeal was made to
the patriotism of the northern Democracy to
stand by the flag of the country. This call was
promptly ^responded to; but the outraged Democ-
racy of the North, now fully conscious of the
ulterior designs of the slave power to extend that
blighting institution across the continent, to the
shores of the Pacific, with almost entire unanim-
ity determined to plant themselves on the plat-
form of Jefferson, and in the first appropriation
which was made by the popular branch of the
Government, they appended to it the Wilmot pro-
viso; which required that in all the territory to
be acquired, as the result of that war, slavery
should be forever prohibited, except for the pun-
ishment of crime.
Mr. President, of the noble stand taken by the
people and the Democracy of the North in that
crisis, I desire to make a record. They were true
to the instincts of freedom, and they spoke out
heartily everywhere in favor of the precepts and
the example of Jefferson, and against the spread
of human bondage. At that time the Democratic
party was in the ascendant in nearly all of the
free States, and the very name produced a talis-
manic effect, because it was believed to be in sym-
pathy with the laboring masses. I begin with
the State of Michigan, at that time one of the
strongest and most reliable Democratic States in
the Union. In 1847, her Legislature resolved:
„ "That, in the acquisition of any new territory, whether
by purchase, conquest, or otherwise, we deem it the duty
oi the General Government to extend over the same the
ordinance of 1787, with all its rights and privileges, con-
ditions, and immunities."
In 1840 the following resolutions, offered by
Hon. E. H. Thomson, were adopted:
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the State of Michigan, That we consider the result of the
late war with Mexico in the acquisition of the Territories
of New Mexico and California us an enduring monument
to the honor of our gallant Army, regulars and volunteers,
officers and sold lers; and that we rejoice in the prospect of
extending over that country the beneficent laws and insti-
tutions of a free people.
"Resolved, That we are in favor of the fundamental prin-
ciples of the ordinance of 1787; and although we respect
the opinions of many eminent statesmen and jurists, that
slavery i<? a mere local institution, which cannot exist with-
out positive laws authorizing its existence, yet wc believe
that Congress has the power, and that it is their duty, to
prohibit by legislative enactment the introduction or exist-
ence of slavery within any of thcTerritones of the United
States, now or hereafter to be acquired.
''Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to use all honorable
means to accomplish the objects expressed in the foregoing
resolution; and that the Governorof this State be requested
to forward copies of these resolutions to our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
In the same year the Democratic State conven-
tion, which nominated a Governor and State offi-
cers, passed unanimously the following:
"Resolved, That wc ate opposed to the extension of
slavery into theTemtories of New Mexico and California,
believing them to be now free in virtue of the laws of Mex-
ico, and that its establishment in either of those Territories
ought to be prevented."
In the year 1847, the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire, then largely Democratic, resolved:
'* That m all territory which shall hereafter be added to,
or acquired by, the United .States, where -slavery does not
exist at the time of such addition or acquirement, neither
slavery noi mvoluutaiyservitude, except for the punishment
of crime, whereof the party has been duly convicted, ought
ever to exist, but the same should ever remain free; and
we are opposed to the extension of slavery over any such
territory; and that wc also approve the vote of our Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress in favor of the Wil-
mot proviso."
In 3848, the Legislature of that State, which
had an overwhelming Democratic majority, re-
solved as follows:
" That we are in favor of the passage of a law, by Con-
gress, forever prohibiting slavery in New Mexico and Cali-
fornia, and m all other Ten itories now acquired, or here-
aftei to be acquired, by the United States,m which slavery
doe« not exist at the time of such acquisition."
And ill 1849, the New Hampshire Legislature,
