I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I should like to
make a suggestion in reference to the remark of
the gentleman from South Carolina, that we are
disyrganizers. 1 agree with him that we shall be
whenever he can show us that a union between
the American organization in this House and the
Democratic organization proper is practicable,
and has been brought about. Until then, we stand
upon the same basis as any other gentlemen in
the House.
Several Members. That's true.
Mr. NOELL. I say exactly the same thing.
Mr. MILES. I do not care to go into any
discussion, or any refinements, or subtle argu-
mentations, on this subject. There is the plain
condition of things, and the common sense of the
country has to decide upon it. The Democrats
come here numbering enough in their ranks, in
conjunction with theanti-Lecompton men and the
southern Opposition, to defeat the election of a
Republican. I suppose that no one will deny that.
The southern Opposition say to us, and again and
again say to us, "Whenever you can show the
possibility of electing a Democrat with the aid of
our votes, we will give you those votes." The
anti-Lecompton men say to us, that "Whenever
you can show us that our votes, added to yours,
can elect a Speaker, we will give them to you."
A Member. The anti-Lecompton Democrats
have never said that.
Mr. MILES. It is understood there are sev-
eral gentlemen among them who have announced
that. I am faking that as the argument.
Mr. EDGERTON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to state that these anti-Lecompton men
have so informed the Democrats?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If the votes of
the anti-Lecompton Democrats could elect a Dem-
ocrat, and they withheld them, then they would
be disorganizes.
Mr. MILES. I am stating everything with the
utmost frankness and fairness, and I desire that
any gentleman shall interrupt me if I make any
statement that is not true.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand the gentleman to make the point that the
anti-Lecompton men are disorganizes, because
they do not go with the Democrats, if a Demo-
crat can be elected. Now, I wish to ask, why
they are not disorganizes when they do not come
to us, when they can elect by so doing? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MILES. I give you the' benefit of that
argument.
Several Democrats. We are national men.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to allow me to answer the question. It
is all true, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has stated, that, as far as the five anti-Lecomp-
tonites are concerned, in not voting for Mr. Sher-
man they do keep the House from being organ-
ized; but I presume that the five anti-Lecompton
Democrats who occupy seats upon this floor have
the same right to their own action, and to vote for
any man who represents their principles, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has the right to vote
for Mr. Sherman.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That is not
the question.
Mr. ADRAIN. And I do not think they ought
to be censured here, or charged with being disor-
ganizes, either by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania or the gentleman from South Carolina. Rut
I will say here, that as far as I am concerned—■
and I speak the sentiments of the gentlemen who
act with me—we are desirous to organize the
House as speedily as possible; but we have not
seen any opportunity where our votes can accom-
plish that object. As was stated by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Clark,] when the Demo-
crats and South Americans on this floor unite in
a body and show a formidable force in opposi-
tion to Mr. Sherman and the Republican party,
then the five anti-Lecompton Democrats will be
called upon to act definitely; and, whenever that
tirte arrives, we will then act as best accords with
our own judgment and our own sense of duty.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New Jersey a single question.
Mr. ADRAIN. Certainly.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman speaks of
five anti-Lecompton Democrats upon this floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this farming out
the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have the permission of
the gentleman to ask a question.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object.
Mr. MILES. I have not the slightest objec.-
tion, Mr. Clerk, to gentlemen propounding any
questions.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understand the gentleman
from South Carolina to be willing to give me the
floor. I said that the gentleman from New Jersey
spoke of five anti-Lecompton Democrats here. I
wish to know who those five anti-Lecompton
Democrats are that are here? I want to know
them by name. I want to know whether he in-
cludes in his list of anti-Lecompton Democrats
such men as in their districts had the undivided
vote of the Republican party, and a few Demo-
crats with them, or whether ile means to include
those only as anti-Lecompton Democrats who had
to run both against a Democratic organization and
against a Republican organization ? For I wish
certain anti-Lecompton Democrats who now re-
fuse to affiliate with the Republicans in organizing
this House, and who were regarded in their dis-
tricts as so ultra upon this slavery question that
the Republicans retired from the contest, and gave
them their undivided assistance m returning them
to this House, to give to their people the reasons
for taking their present stand. They could re-
ceive Republican votes; but, sir, they cannot vote
for a Republican. [Cries of " Good!" from the
Republican benches.]
I wish now to define my position here, that the
country may know whether I stand in as good a
position as a Democrat as those who are washing
their hands from all stain of Republicanism. I
unfortunately had to run against *a Democratic
organization and a Republican organization—
against a Democratic nominee (if an Adminis-
tration man can, at this time, be called with pro-
priety a Democrat) and a Republican nomine^
But, sir, while I am up, I wish to give this no-
tice : that as it is perfectly apparent that this House
cannot be organized by a majority vote, whenever
hereafter, the motion is made—or, at least, for some
time—to proceed to a ballot for Speaker, I intend
to add, by way of amendment, a proviso in the
shape of the plurality rule. Then 1 will discover,
if I have not already made the discovery, who are
in favor of an organization, and who are against it.
Sir, this Democratic party, as it is now repre-
sented upon this floor, ought to be seen by the
country. Gentlemen are so anxious that their
remarks shall go out to the country. I constantly
hear it stated, "1 wish to say to this House, and I
wish to be understood by the country thus and so."
Well, sir, I wish the country could look in upon
this Hall for about five minutes, and see the con-
dition of this so-called national Democracy—the
Democracy representing this Administration, A
more perfect type of the Administration could not
be presented. [Laughter.] It is perfectly dis-
organized, perfectly demoralized, without cohe-
sion, without unanimity of any kind; and be-
cause it is presented before the country in this
pitiable, unenviable, despicable condition—I must
use that word—this House is to be keptinorganic,
and the country is to be tortured with this thing
from one end to the other. Now, sir, I wish to
state again that whenever the motion shall be made
hereafter, to proceed to the election of a Speaker,
I shall move to amend that motion by annexing
that it shall be by the plurality rule.
Several Memrers sought the floor.
Mr. MILES. I have the floor, I believe.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have been here for
about five weeks, and I have carefully abstained
.from opening my mouth during that length of
time. [Cries on the Republican side of "Louder!"
"Louder!"] Just hold on, gentlemen,I will talk
loud enough directly, so that you can hear me.
I say I have been here for five weeks, and have
carefully, during that length of time, abstained
from consuming one moment of the time of this
House; and I would fain have continued so to
the end of this controversy; but the remarks of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman]
have made it necessary for me to say a single
word, and I shall say it candidly, decidedly, and
independently. I do not understand the right of
any man upon this floor to catechise me as to the
vote I shall give here. I stand here an independ-
ent Representative of the twenty-four thousand
freemen who sent me here. I intend to represent
those freemen as becomes a freeman, in this Hall.
Sir, the gentleman has referred to the mkriifer
in which some of us have been elected "here". ' I
have never deigned to inquire how any man has
been elected to a seat upon this floor, for it is aone
of my business; but inasmuch as that inquiry has
been made, silence on my part might be tois'cofi-
strued by this House, f desire to tell the gentle-
man, to tell this House, and to,tell the country,
how I was elected here. I will do it in afew
words: I was elected by a majority of nearly four
thousand votes of my district: I was elected here
as a Democrat, and in the seventy speeches Which
I made in that contest, I declared that I was a
Democrat, and that I had never crossed a l or
dotted an i from my political faith. I challenge
the gentleman, I challenge any man upon this floor,
and I challenge any man in my congressional dis-
trict, to say that I ever made a speech in which I
did not make that candid declaration.
Sir, I remarked a moment ago that I was elected
here as a Democract.by a majority of nearly four
thousand votes. I ran against a Democrat as an
independent man. I ran as an anti-Lecompton
Democrat, denouncing alone the Lecompton meas-
ure of this Administration. I have not, up to this
hour, changed my opinion in reference to the
policy of that measure, nor do I ever expect to
change it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. One word more.
No gentleman upon this floor has a right, in ad-
vance, to intimate how I shall cast my vote. I
have, sir, from the beginning, intended thdt my
vote should indicate my preferences for Speaker
of this House. I have steadily voted for an anti-
Lecompton Democrat, and not for a Republican;
and if the gentleman desires to know what I will
do in the end, I will tell him one thing that I will
never do; I will not vote for Mr. Sherman, as
much as I respect him personally, if these walls
shall fall down. [Applause from the Democratic
benches.] I never understood, when the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] and my-
self were fighting this battle against the Admin-
istration upon this question, that I was to be Sold
into the arms and embraces of Republicanism.
[Applause from the Democratic benches.] I never
intend to be sold into the arms and embrace of the
Republican party under their present doctrine.
[Applause from the Democratic benches.] Is that
understood ?
Mr. HICKMAN. There is a question I should
like to ask the gentleman. The gentleman states
that, in his canvass, he represented himself as an
anti-Lecompton Democrat, and that he made that
issue alone. He made thaCstatement, if I under-
stood him rightly. I should" like to know, sir,
whether, in his canvass, he did not denounce the
Administration of Mr. Buchanan generally as
being corrupt and dishonest? Inasmuch as he
feels disposed to unbosom himself, I should like
to have that inquiry answered. Before I sitdown,
however, I wish to say thatlhavc raised no con-
troversy with the gentleman. I made a simple
inquiry of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Adrain,] to name those he designated as the five
anti-Lecompton Democrats; but as the gentleman
from Indiana has chosen to take up the glove, I
will be perfectly willing to compare records with
liim m point of Democracy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. .Very good; but I do
not question the gentleman's Democracy.
Mr. HICKMAN. As the gentleman has taken
the main inquiry as propounded to himself, he has
not answered whether he did not receive the whole
Republican vote in his district, and whether he
had not a clear race presented to him, so far as
that party is concerned, with the Lecompton can-
didate ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. In the first place,
Mr. Clerk, I did not denounce the Administration
except upon this question. Is that sufficient? In
the next place—and in reference to my election I
will go a little further—I received a majority of
the Democratic votes in my district, and l re-
ceived a large majority of the Republican yotes
in my district; and I will say further, that, if the
election had been two weeks further off than it
was, I believe that I would have got the vote ot
e very man in my district. [Laughter.] I did not
rise here, sir, for the purpose of making: a speech;
I may do so at the proper time; I think I will.
Mr. PORTER. I wish to &sk the gentleman
