1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SPINNER demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeaa and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SINGLETON demanded tellers,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton
and Singleton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty minutes past three o'clock, p.m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 23, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gtjrlet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the Journal.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I understand the Jour-
nal is very long, and I move to dispense with its
reading;.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama suggests that the reading of the Journal
be dispensed with. It requires unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 339) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1861;
A bill (S. No. 199) to authorize the location of
certain warrants for bounty lands heretofore is-
sued; and
A bill (S. No. 295) for the relief of William B.
Shubrick.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The other day the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Bicler,] moved to take up the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 43) giving the assent of Congress to
certain acts of incorporation passed by Arkansas,
Texas, and Louisiana, and I objected to it then
on account of the absence of my colleague. I mis-
interpreted his.views. I now move to,take up
that joint resolution, and pass it. It will create
no discussiasi whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary is
unable to find the papers in that case.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. BROWN. While the Secretary is hunt-
ing up that joint resolution, I will ask the Senate
to take up a little bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, which 1 hold in my hand, to authorize
notaries public of the District of Columbia to take
recognizances in certain cases. It is only ten
lines, and the Senate can pass it while the joint
resolution of the Senator from Arkansas is being
hunted up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, it can be considered while the Secretary
is finding the other papers. The Chair hears no
objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 622) to au-
thorize notaries publictif the District of Columbia
to take acknowledgments of deeds for the convey-
ance of real and personal estate therein. It provides
that all the powers conferred upon a justice or jus-
tices of the peace in the District of Columbia by
the existing laws, in the acknowledgment of deeds
for the conveyance of real or personal estate, may
hereafter be exercised by any notary public duly
appointed within the District, and, when certified
under the hand and official seal of such notary
public, is to have the same force and effect as if
taken or made by or before a justice or justices
of the peace of the District.
The bill was reporteu to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received tliesigna-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (II. H. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, New York;
A bill (H.R.No.511) for the relief of E.George
Squier, of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 622) to authorize notaries
public in the District of Columbia to take ac-
knowledgment of deeds for the conveyance of
real and personal estate therein;
A bill (H. R. No. 814) providing for the erec-
tion of a post office in the city of Philadelphia;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 848) authorizing the issue of
a register for the brig Charles H. Gordon.
The message further announced that the House
had passe'd the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No, 451) granting an invalid pension to
William Burns, of Ohio; and
A bill (No. 849) for the relief of J. & R. H.
Porter, J. C. Irvine & Co., and Charles Perry
& Co.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, bis Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 199) to authorize the location
of certain warrants for bounty lands heretofore
issued; and
An act (S. No. 295) for the relief of William
B. Shubrick.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have Senate
bill No. 574 taken up and passed now. I move
that the Senate take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
474) to provide for the payment of the claim of
J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and
Hugh Stewart, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It au-
thorizes the First Comptroller of the Treasury
to adjust and settle the claim of J. W. Nye, as-
signee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh Stewart, for
losses sustained by them in macadamizing a large
portion of Pennsylvania avenue, in the city of
WaslWgton, under their respective contracts with
the Government; which loss was not occasioned
by any fault or negligence of the contractors, but
from being compelled by the superintendent of
the work to prosecute it during the prevalence of
the cholera, and by the interference of agents of
the Government with the laborers on the work,
appointed by direction of the superintendent,
without the consent of the contractors; and in
ascertaining the amount of the loss, the Comp-
troller is required to add to the contract price of the
work done by the contractors in the summer and
fall of 1832, one hundred per centum for the dimin-
ished quantity of work performed by the laborers,
the contractors being compelled to employ two
hundred men to perform what one hundred would
have done in the same time, had the cholera not
visited this city, or had the contractors been al-
lowed to postpone their work during its preva-
lence; and to the amount thus found, to add fifty
per centum for the increased price, the contractors
being compelled to raise their laborers' wages at
least fifty per centum to induce them to stay on
the work; and from the amount thus found, to
take the whole amount or amounts heretofore paid
the contractors, their assignee, or attorney for
that work; and should there still remain a balance
of the loss thus ascertained unpaid, after taking
all the amounts heretofore paid, the Secretary of
the Treasury is' required to pay the balance to J.
W. Nye. The Comptroller of the Treasury is
also required to take a receipt in full from J. W.
Nye, m satisfaction of all demands against the
Government for the claim.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the report if it is called for.
Mr. TOOMBS. That bill has be^n h<u-e, I ,
think, for about fifteen or twenty years. It has j
been defeated over and over again. I think it re-
quires some consideration, and that we should
look into it. It is an old acquaintance, one which
ought not to bo taken up and passed sub silentio.
It has been here all the time that I have been
here.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe it has been reported
upon favorably by seventeen committees.
Mr. TOOMBS. And I would not give you
seventeen cents for ail the reports they make
aCout it.
Mr. SIMMONS. It has been reported f&vpr-
ably by all the committees to whom it was re-
ferred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York desire the report to be read?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Simmons, from the Committee on Claims:
Your committee find the claim for macadaraiziDg-Pcna-
sylvania avenue, in 1832, well stated in a report (No.405)
made by Mr. Carter to the House of Representatives dur-
ing the present session, and they beg leave to adopt it as a
part of this report:
The Committee for the District of Columbia, to whom
was refeired the memorial of llev. G. Hildt and eight other
clergymen, the Mayor,, Aldermen, president and members
of the Common Council, district attorneys and one hundred
and thirty-eight citizens of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, praying an examination and settlement of three several
claims of J. W. Nye upon the Government: one for ser-
vices tendered and moneys expended in macadamizing
I'enusylvama avenue, Washington citv, District of Colum-
bia, in 1832; one for furnishing horses and carryalls for the
seivice of the House of Representatives for the Twenty-
Eighth Congress; and the other for improving certain pub-
lic grounds, beg leave to submit the following report:
That at the first session of the Twenty-Second Congress
a law was passed for macadamizing forty-five feet of the
center of Pennsylvania avenue, from the Capitol to the ex-
ecutive offices, pulling said improvement underthe contiol
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and directmgium
to advertise for proposals. The Commissioner awarded
said work to Peter Bargy, jr., ot New York, and Hugh
Stewart, of Pennsylvania, in nearly equal divisions, they
being the lowest responsible bidder?,and stipulating to per-
form the same at sixty-two cents per square yard. Une
part of the contract was as follows: " And it is' fuither cow
enanted and agreed, that if the said contractors shall not
pto&ecute the said work in such manner, or make such rate
of progress as the Commissioner may deem necessary, or
shall not work on such part or parts of the work hereby
undertaken, and atsuch time or times as the Commissioner
may prescube, or shall not increase the force employed by
them, if so required by the Commissioner, the said Com-
missioner shall be at full liberty, and Is hereby invested
with full power and authority, to employ or contract with
any othei person or persons to complete the work hereby
undertaken, at the proper cost and charge of the aforesaid
contractors, without molestation, hindeianee, or any inter-
niption by said contractors in anywise or mannet."' And
the contiactoi-> were required to give ample security for
the faithful performance of said contract.
So severe were the terms ot tins contract, the contract-
ots were unwilling to eign it until, by actual experiment,
they had ascertained they eouid make a leasonable profit
on rt. To test this the> were permitted to commence work
without previously signing the contract.
On the 14th ot August the contract was regularly signed
and the necessary papers passed. On the 18th ofthe >ame
month the choleia broke out in the city, and raged with
great violence, especially among the laborers on the work.
Many were attacked while at work, and thirty persons died
in one night in the vicinity of the residence of the super-
intendent of the work. Physicians advised the laboi-ers to
leave the city, and most of them left the work.
The contractors, under these circumstances, applied to
the Commissioner for permission to suspend the work until
the epidemic subsided; but they were refused, and they
wore required to prosecute tiic work, or suffer it to be re-
let at their rWk. The contractors had now no alternative
left but to piosecute the woik under these disadvantages,
or suffer it to go into other hands which they could not
direct or control.
They then offered an increased rate of wages; but the
mortality increased feaifully,and the Commissioner, with-
out consultation with the contractors, emploved three phy-
sicians, who visited the men twice daily, advising them not
to work early or late, and not hard at any time. The re-
sult was a mere nominal amount of labor performed by the
men. The superintendent ofthe work thinks the men did
not perfoim more than one fourth part as much work in a
day as they did before the choleia, and their wages were
raised from sixty-two and a half and seventy-five cents
per day to from one dollar to one dollar and thirty-seven
and a half cents per day. The engineer employed by the
Government, who superintended the work, states, under
oath, that he passed along the work several times a day,
and took particular notice ofthe small a mount of labor per-
formed by the men, and that two men did not perform
more work m a day than one did before the cholera.
The contractors weie consequently compelled to employ
two hundred men to perform the amount ot woikin agiven
tune that one hundred would have performed in the same
tune had the cholera not visited Washington, or had the
contractors been allowed to suspend their work during its
influence ; and their wages were raised at least fitly per
cent.
In nistice to the contractors and humanity to the labor-
ers, the work ought to have been suspended. The refusal
to suffer it to be j-u^pended, and the interference of the
physicians employed by the Government with the men,
would seem to render the loss a just and an equitable claim
agaim-t the Government; and had not the contractors as-
signed away their claim, the committee consider that they
would be justly and equitably entitled to lull remuneration
for the diminished quantity o'f work performed by the men,
and the increased piice paid them to induce them to stay
upon the work.
The Commissioner who had charge of the work says the
contractors used a due degree of diligence in the prosecu-
tion of the work, and he considers them entitled to receive
the lull amount of their expenditures, and a reasonable
compensation for their services and the responsibilities
they were under m doing the woik.
But in the case of the present claimant, to whom Bargy
and Stewart assigned their claims, it would seem to present
