1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
They have had their commands afloat; they have
had their commands ashore; and, goingregularly
down the list,, they will not, perhaps, come in for
a ship during the rest of their service, and they
may be said to be put aside. Perhaps they have
been twenty-five or thirty years of their military,
careeratsea, and for all that wo give them nothing;
and the bill might be considered as rather disre-
spectful, as ignoring all those old captains. There-
fore, if the Senator will confine it to the leave pay,
it would give these very officers some little in-
crease, and there would be reason in it; but I do
not think there is any reason in bringing the shore
pay at a navy-yard up to $4,200, when you only
give the same captain, if he should have to go to
sea, where he has to make two mess-bills—one for
himself, and one for his family—only $175 more;
and I suggest to the Senator, therefore, to confine
his amendment to the leave pay only.
"Mr. PEARCE. I had hoped that this amend-
ment might meet with the favor of the Naval
Qemmittee. 1 take it for granted, if it does not, it
will be in vain to attempt to press it. Perhaps, on
the whole, I had better withdraw it, and I do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to move an amend-
ment us a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. MASON Before that is done, I wish to
move an amendment to this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN". It can be offered just as
well to the substitute.
Mr. MASON. The usual course, I think, is
to lot the friends of the bill perfect it, and then a
substitute which is offered for the whole bill takes
the place of the whole bill. My amendment is a
very small one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will state that it is immaterial at what,
stage, of' tin: proceedings an amendment, in the
form of a substitute is offered; but in whatever
stage offered, both the bill and substitute are. ojien
to perfection and amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators will excuse
me, I would rather offer this now; for if'Keiiators
get in the bill all [lie amendments they like, 1 fear
I shall not gyt any votes for mine.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to move tin
amendment to this bill.
Mr. FESSENDI£N, I believe I have the floor.
I offered my amendment, and ask the Clerk to
read it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make an
amendment to the original bill, if 1 am in order,
before a substitute for the whole is offered.
Mr. FF.SS15NDEN. Mine is an amendment
to the original bill, in tile shape of a substitute.
The PRESIDINO OFFICER. The (Jh.iii will
state again to the Senator from Kentucky that he
is not precluded from ollenm; his amendment to
the original bill by the offering of this substitute.
The Chair will receive the amendment, of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 shall be very short
about it. 1 have submitted this whole matter very
willingly to gentlemen whom 1 suppose are much
more conversant with the subject than I nm; and
it is only in consequence of a'letter which I have
received, that I trouble tile Senate by offering this
amendment:
That the shore pay of midshipmen -hrv!I bo j$40U per an-
num, and tjfOOO v. Urn iit sea.
I know but little about this, nor did I know the
condition m.which this class of young public
servants were placed. 1 received a letter from a
boy at Annapolis, who infoi ins me that he will be
ready to go to sea ill June. I beg leave to sub-
stitute his argument for anything I could have to
say; it will be an abridgment of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dislike to interruptthe
honorable Senator from Kentucky; but I want to
understand what my rights are. 1 offered an
amendment as a substitute. I had the floor upon
that. Has the Senator from Kentucky a right to
take the floor fiom me to offer an amendment to
the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the right
of the Senator trom Maine to offer his amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have the floor on that
amendment, of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No proposition
can interpose to take away that right; but before
file vote shall be taken on the amendment of the
Senator from Maine, it is the right of any other
Senator to move an amendment to that, or to the
original bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I am willing to yield
to, but I did not yield the floor at all; but it was
taken from me before I had an opportunity to ex-
plain my amendment. I suppose the floor prop-
erly belongs to me.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not contend about
the floor; but the rules of the Senate will be pre-^
served by the Chair. I presume myself that if
my amendment takes precedence of the Senator's,
the floor belongs to me upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky takes prece-
dence of the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, so far as precedence in the action of the
Senate upon the amendment is concerned. The
Senator from Maine offered his amendment, which
is properly before the Senate for consideration,
together with the original bill, which is still open to
further amendment or modification. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine is before
the Senate, but no vote can be taken upon it while.
any amendment offered to the original bill or to
the substitute is pending.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, if it is be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If my amendment takes
preccdence of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, his is not before the Senate until
the original bill is perfected. However, I do not
profess to know much about the rules of the Sen-
ate, and am ready to dispose of the matter so far
as I am concerned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If both Sen-
ators insist on what they claim to be their respect-
ive rights, and submitit to the Chairas a matter of
controversy between tile two gentlemen, the Chair
will not hesitate to decide, disliking, however, to
interpose in any such position between the two
Senators of the body. The Senator from Maine
hud taken the floor, and offered a substitute to the
whole bill. That is appropriately before the Sen-
ate, and to be read if its reading is called for; but
before the vote is taken on that, it is competent for
the Senator from Kentucky to move an amend-
ment to the original bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The amendment of the
Senator from Maine, aa a substitute for the whole
bill, is postponed to my amendment to perfect the
original bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thevoteonit
is postponed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But we may go on to
debate it'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We may go
on and debate the substitute.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. While an amendment
to the original bill lias precedence, and is before
the Senate? Can that be done, sir? It is a very
involved course of proceeding if that is so; but if
you say it is, I have not another word to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No rule of
parliamentary law, in the judgment of the Chair,
is better settled than that a proposition to strike
out and insert is in order at any stage of the pro-
ceedings on a bill; but before tb'e question is taken
on striking out and inserting, both propositions
are open to modification and amendment and per-
fection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman has a
right to go on wilh the debate, what is he to speak
on; on bis amendment or mine? What is the
subject' It is decided that my amendment has
precedence. The gentleman claims the floor, be-
cause before I offered my amendment he offered
a substitute for the whole bill. Now what is the
subject of debate before the Senate? If the gen-
tleman insists on las right, and has a right to
speak, must he not speak to the subject that is
before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine oilers a substitute for the whole bill,
which it is his right to do. It is an amendment,
lie may debate that proposition, so far as be keeps
within the rules of order in debating the question
presented. After that is through, if any Senator
wishes to modify his proposition or further to
modify the original bill, it is in order to do so.
The Chair cannot explain himself more explicitly
or more fully. Certainly there is no parliamentary
rule better settled than that one. The Chair de-
sires ail appeal to be taken from the decision, if it
is unsatisfactory.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the whole confusion arises
from the Senator from Kentucky introducing his
amendmentunder the supposition that the Senator
from Maine had yielded the floor. If the Senator
from Kentucky was mistaken in the fact of his
amendment being before the Senate, then the
whole matter is very plain, and I think lie will
so regard it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I regarded mine as be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I say if the Senator from Ken-
tucky was mistaken in supposing his amendment
to be before the Senate, then the decision of the
Chair is too plain for argument. The Senator
from Maine had moved a substitute, which was
to strike out the whole bill and insert what he sent
to the Chair. Before that can be done, surely
any one has a right to perfect the original bill;
but if, whilst the Senator from Maine is upon the
floor offering his substitute, and wishing to ex-
plain his substitute, another Senator rises to per-
fect the original bill, it is clear that lie cannot get
possession of the floor to do it. That is, I sup-
pose, the whole matter.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not pursue any
controversy upon a subject so unimportant as
whether I am entitled to the floor or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate, if insisted upon, is the substi-
tute offered by the Senator from Maine, which
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Fes-
senden, which is to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and irtscrt the following:
That tlie officers of the United States Navy, on the active
list, lieroumftor named, .shall lcceive ail annual eornpensa-
tion, commencing with the next fiscal year, as hereinafter
specified, iiiul which shall be in lull ot all and every allow-
ance, except ten cents per mile for travel and transportation
ot hairgage, under ordcts, and one ration per diem on sea-
duty, to be computed at thnty cents, namwly •
The senior flag officer, created under and by virtue of
an act of Congiess, appioved JMaich 2,1839, shall reccive
$4,500.
Captains, when commanding fleets or squadrons, shall
receive £5,000 ; on other duty at sea, $4,000; on other duty,
$3,500 ; on leave or waiting orders, $2,500.
Commandeis, for the iirst live years afterdate of commis-
sion, shall receive, when on duty at sea, $2,750 ; when on
othei duty, ($2,500 ; and on leave or waiting orders, $1,800.
Al'ter five yeais from the date of commission, commanders
shall leccive, wheu on duty at sea, $3,000 ; when on other
duty, .<$*2,750; and when on leave or waiting orders, $2,000.
Lieutenants commanding at sea shall receive $2,750. For
the first five yeais after date of commission, lieutenants
shall receive, when on duty at sea, $1,500; on other duty,
$1,500; and on leave or waiting oidets, $1,200. Foi the
second five years alter date of commission, lieutenants shall
receive, when on duty at sea, #1,730; on othei duty, $1,600;
and on leavf oi waiting ordets, $1,350. For the third five
yens- afterdate of commission, lieutenants shall receive,
when on duty at *ca, $-2,000; and on other duty, $1,750; and
on leave or waiting oulers, $1,400. Alter fifteen yeais from
the date of commission, lieutenants shall receive, when on
duty at sea. $2,250; on other duty, $2,000; and on leave or
waiting ordei**, $1,500.
Chaplains shall be paid as lieutenants.
Mastoid in the line of promotion and other masters, shall
be paid, when on duty, $1,200; and on leave or waiting
ordeis, $1,000.
Parsed midshipmen shall be paid, when on duty, $1,000 :
and on leave or waiting orders, $800
Fleet surgeons shall lcceive $3,100.
Surgeons, for the first five yeais after the date of com-
mission, shall receive, when on sea-duty, $1,900; on other
duty, $1,600; and on leave or waiting orders, $1,400. For
the second live yeais after date of commission, surgeons
shall receive, when on sea-duty, $2,250; on other duty,
$2,100; and on leave or waiting orders, $1,600. For the
thiid five yeais after the date of commission, surgeons shall
receive, when on sea-duty, $2,500; on other duty, $2,350 ;
and on leave or waiting okIci*, $1,800. After fifteen years
from date of commission, surgeons shall receivc, when on
sea-duty, $2,-,00; on other duty, $2,500; and on leave or
wailing oideir, $0,000.
Passed assistant surgeons shall receive, when on duly at
sea, 1,600; on othei duty, $1,400; on leave or wai"tinrr
ouleis,$l,UOO.
A'^istant singeons shall receive, when on duty at sea,
$1,200; on oilier duty, $1,100; and on leave or waiting
Older*. $0u0.
I'urseis Fhall icccivc for the first five years after date of
commission, when on dutv at sea, $2,000; on other duty,
$I,K)0 ; and on leave oi waiting orders, $1,400. For the
second five years after date of commission, pursers shall
lcceive, when on sea-dutv, $2,500: on other duty, £2,000 ;
and on leave oi waiting orders, $1,000. For the third five
years atterdateol commission, pnr>ei*> shall rcceive, when
on sea duty, $2,7&0; and on other duty, $2,400; and on leave
or waiting older-*. $1,800. After fifteen years fiom date of
commission, purseis shall iceeive, when on duty at sea,
W00 ^uiwHlier duty, $2,600; and on leave or waiting
Pro<essorsofmathematics shall receive, when on dutv at
sea, $2. OOOj on other duty. $1,800; and on leave or waiting
oiders, $1,500. Provided, That no appointments shall be
made to tins grade to fill vacancies.
Chief engineer, forthc first five year* aftci date of com-
mission, shall receive, when on sea-dutv,$1,750; on oilier
fluty, $J ,600; and on leave or wasting oidors, $1,200. For
the second five years after date of commission, chief engi-
