THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
stjll stronger claims on Congress for relief. Nye had done
alarms stiare of thjs1 work as sab-contractoi*? amounting to
a&'mSch astbrt additional amount claimed by said contract-
ors upon the Government. The contractors offered to trans-
fer these claims against the Government to Nye, provided
he would accept them, and release the contractors from all
further liability to him.
Nye had them presented toa number of riifembers of both
Houses of Congress for their examination aftd advice, who,
after a careful examination, informed him 4hat they con-
sidered it a good and valid claim, and that he would nm
no risk in accepting it and releasing them; and advised
him to do soi In support of their advice they referred him
to a number of precedents, where Congress had graiited re-
lief, where the justice of the claims was not as clear as this.
In consequence of this advice and these precedents pointed
out'to him by members of Congress, Nye took an assign-
ment, and released Bargy and Stewait fiom all further lia-
bility, thereby depriving himself of any security but the jus-
tice, the honor, and the integrity of Congress. Had he not
released them, he could long ere this have obtained both
principal and interest. Nye being at that time, from sick-
ness, unable to prepare the necessary papers for presenta-
tion to Congress, putthem in the hands of the late P. S. Key,
(then district attorney,) fur him to prepare and present to
Congress in the name of Peter Bar^y, jr., and Hugh Stew-
art, without informing Congress of their assignment, Bar-
gy's being presented'nrst.
The funds for this purpose were intrusted to Mr. Conger,
Bargy's clerk, who.made his entries on page 79 of Bargy's
ledger, kept by Conger/showing the amount paid by him.
Other bills were paid by Bargy himself, and entered by
Conger on page'2 of same ledger. Conger left the city and
went to the West at'the close of the work the first year, and
did riot return. The book was sent to Jmn, that he might
authenticate the accounts by oath, and show why certain
judgments obtained against Bargy were not entered. His
affidavit says: " These judgments were for that work done
in 1832, but were not entered because not paid, and that he
entered nothing that was not actually paid out."
The books of the second year were kept, and the dis-
bursements made, by Mr. Ford, clerk of Bargy; and Ford
says that a considerable amount of the expenditures of 1832
were not paid until 1833, and were not entered in Conger's
books. Conger's was the only book sent to Mr. Key, and
the amount entered on page 7*9, as expenses of *aid work,
and the above-named judgments, were ail that were brought
to Mr. Key's notice. Mr. Key presented to the Senate a
claim for $5,645, the amount of expenses entered by Conger
on page 79, and these judgments, more than the amount
received from the Government for that work; which parsed
the Senate. But while this claim was before the Com-
mittee of Claims of the House, tins error was discovered,
vizthe omission to include thfe expense? paid by Bargy,
and entered on page 2 of his ledger, and the money paid in
1833 for work done in 1832, and entered by Ford, the new
clerk of Bargy; and the chairman of the committee pro-
posed to make an amendment to the Simaio bill, but the
claimant (as it was near the close of the session) preferred
to take the amount, and apply to Congress ai its neu ses-
sion for the balance, rather than take the riSk of lOMngthe
present bill. This bill passed the House March 9, l&K)
At the next session the balance of this claim wa* presented
to the House, and a report was made from the Committee
of Claims in favor of its payment, but the Hoi^e did not
act upon it. Since that time it has received the sanction
of several standing committees and one select committee,
and has passed tile Senate.
The claim of Stewart was presented in the Senate, re-
ceived the sanction of the Committee on Claim*, parsed
the Senate, sent to the House,and rcccjved the sanction of
the committee of the House, but was not acted on by the
House. At the next session a very able report was made
in its favor by Mr. S. B. Leonard, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, in which 'he
adopted a difl'eicnt rule im the settlement of this claim
from that adopted in Bargy's case, which was, to pay the
whole expense of the work; so that, had the contract been
taken too low, aud a loss sustained, 1'iom that or any other
causc, the Government would have met the lo«s. The
principle adopted by Mr. Leonard wa«. to allow the claimant
the loss sustained from the diminished quantity of work
performed by the men, and the increased price of wages
paid the men to induce them to stay during the influence
of the cholera. This principle would >ecm a corieet one,
asit would place the contractors m the same condition they
would have been placed in had they been allowed to post-
pone tiieir woik during the influence of the cholera, but
would allow Uiem nothing for any loss sustained fiom any
other cause.
This principle has been adopted by a number of stand-
ing committees and one select committee. Mr. Leonaid's
biU was not acted on by the House.
At the next Congress Mr. Ward, chairman of the above
committee, made a repoit to the House, in which he sus-
tained the principle adopted by Mr. Leonaul, but did not
go into an examination of the amount justly-due oi\ that
pimciple, but reported a bill allowing him the same amount
of extra compensation as had been allowed m the case of
Bargy, which passed both Houses, by which the claimant
received $6,666 25. The balance of Stewart's h s>, aceotd-
. ingto the pimciple established by Mr. Leonard, has, since
the passage of Mr. Ward's bill, received the sanction ot a
number of standing committees and one selcctcoimmttee,
and has passed the Senate. The amount of work done by
Stewart during the influence of the cholei.i, at his contract
price, was $10,924 60. The amount done by Bargy duung
the same time, at his contract price, was ,871 40, amount-
ing in all to $18,796, to which amount, according to the
principle adopted by former committees, one hundred per
cent, ought to be added for the diminished amount of labor
performed by the men, the contractors being compelled to
employ two hundred to perform what one hundred would
have done in the same length of time had the contractors
been allowed to suspend their work during the influence
of the cholera; And to this-amount add fifty per cent, for
the increased price paid the laborers to induce them to stay
on the work, and from this amount deduct the amounts
paid the original"contractors, and their assigoee or attorney,
and should there remain a balance, thus found, still unpaid,
that the proper accounting officers of the Treasury pay the
same to J. W. Nye, the assignee of said contractors, and in
accordance with the foregoing principle, the committee
report a bill and earnestly recommend its passage.
The amount due Nye from Bargy and Stewart for this
work was as large as the amount claimed by them from the'
Government; so that, had he obtained it without any delay,
be would have received no more than was justly due him
for services rendered and moneys expended, of which the
Government has received the whole benefit.
In justice to the claimant and his family, and in consid-
eration of the great length of time most taithfully devoted
by him to the prosecution of this claim, and to relieve Con-
gress from any further importunity and expense, the com-
mittee recommend its immediate settlement.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
113) for the relief of Eli W. GofF.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 559) granting a pension to Harriet
S. Wyman, widow of Captain Thomas W. Wy-
man, post captain in the naval service of the
United States; and
A bill (No. 118) for the relief of William A.
Linn's estate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Themessagefurtherannouncedthatthe Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 807) to authorize the reissue of land warrants
in certain eases, and for other purposes; and it
was signed by the Vice President.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed an act(S. N. 30) for the relief of Sfliel-
don McKnight. /
KED ItlVEIi BAFT. %f
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Arkansas is now before the Senate.
The report and accompanying bill have been
found. These other proceedings were by unani-
mous consent.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the join! resolution (H. R.No.
43) giving the assent of Congress to certain acts
passed or to be passvd by the Legislatures of the
States of Arkansas, Louisiana, aud Texas, or any
two of them, in relation to the " raft" of Red river,
and for other purposes. It gives the assent of Con-
gress to any acts that have been or may be passed
by the Lcgislaturesofthe States of Arkansas, Lou-
isiana, and Texas, or of any two of them, having
for their object the improvement of the navigation
of Red river, by the removal of the " raft" there-
from. The assent of Congress is given after and
so soon as any company incorporated by those
States, or any two of them, for the purpose, shall
have removed the obstructions to navigation in
Red river, caused by the "raft," and have ren-
dered it navigable, and not before. Those States,
or any two of them, may, through the company,
under and in accordancc with, and in the mode
provided by, the acts incorporatingit, for the ben-
efit of the company, and to reimburse to it its
expenditures in removing the " raft," levy and
collect, by way of commutation for duties of ton-
nage, tolls upon all boats or other water crafts,
ascending or descending the river, and passing
through the portion thereof that shall so have been
improved and rendered navigable, not to exceed
the following sums: fifty cents on and for each
bale of cotton, and twenty-five cents on and for
each barrfl of goods, wares, and merchandise,
wherewith such boats or crafts may be laden.
This privilege may continue until the expiration
of thirty years from the 9th of March, 1860; but
nothing herein contained is to authorize the com-
pany to impair the navigation of Red bayou.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator will not press
that joint resolution. It is too important a mat-
ter to be acted on now, and will certainly lead to
debate.
Mi*. SEBASTIAN. I am not aware of any
debate to arise upon the resolution.
Mr. PUGH. There was a similar bill for the
State of Alabama. I am not opposed to this sys-
tem if it can be made successful; but it is a very
great change, a new subject, and I think it ought
to be acted on advisedly, when we grant thispriv-
ilege for thirty years.
Mr. HEMPHILL. In my apprehension this
joint resolution is not the same which was brought
up in relation to Mobile harbor. The toll which
is to be levied here is altogether on the internal
commerce of those States that are interested;
whereas the duties of tonnage which would be
levied in Mobile harbor, according to that bill,
might affect the commerce connected with tho
other States. This cannot affect the commerce of
any State except those three on the river—Lou-
isiana, Arkansas, and Texas. It cannot affect
their foreign commerce, or the commerce of other
States. It is a matter peculiarly belonging to
those three States, and I can see no ground for
any argument upon the bill at all.
Mr. KING. The joint resolution involves the
question of levying duties upon goods from dif-
ferent States passing through the streams; and I
think it is one that should be better understood
than it can be in the little time that can now ,be
given to it. It ought to be so far discussed that
all of us shall entirely understand what the joint
resolution is, and what it proposes to do. I do
not know that there is any report stating the facts.
I think that the joint resolution had better go over,
and I will move that it bepostponedfor the present.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest, with
the consent of my colleague, and in order to af-
ford gentlemen who feel an interest in this subject
time to look into it, which they can do in the
course of an hour or two, that it be passed over
for the present, and we can take it up hereafter.
I wish, in this connection, to state this fact:
Senators must be aware that, for a great many
years, the Government of the United States has
sought to open that raft as an important national
work. Now, the fact is, the raft closed up again
many years ago; but still there was an opening
through one bayou. The raft has now extended,
however, until it has closed up the mouth of that
bayou, and the last opening for all the' people
above that river has been closed. You cannot
get a barrel of flour up without paying five dol-
lars, nor a bale of cotton down for a centless than
five dollars, for freight. That was when that bayou
was open. What their condition'is now I do not
know. Within the last three months, the mouth
of that bayou has closcd up. This is a matter
! that has been presented by all the people of that
country above, and is assented to by all below.
The tax is entirely upon those above the raft. It
is all the hope they have got. I trust that the joint
resolution will be acted upon some time to-day.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be post-
poned. I can explain it in a moment. This joint
resolution was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and whilst two of the gentlemen did
not commit themselves to it, they made no op-
position to it there, and it was fairly considered
as exceptional even to the general rule. In this
case, these three States are the only people inter-
ested in it, and they have chartered a company to
make this improvement, and propose to allow
them to charge for the use of it. Not another
human being can have any interest in it but these
three States. It lies up in the corner of Arkansas
and Louisiana, and extends across the line be-
tween them, and on the other side is Texas. This
raft has been growing for years. The people
above there are all in these States, and there never
can be anybody else there except the Indians
who are north of the Red river. These three
States have chartered a company for the purpose,
giving their own assent to it; but they want the
assent of Congress under the Constitution, in
order that those three States may clear out that
raft, and charge toll. I do not see that any hu-
man being is interested in it except them. If it
was in one State, of course they could do it with-
out reference to Congress; but as it is in three
States, it was considered doubtful. I believe they
could do it anyhow; but when those three States
assent, and there is not another State or man in
the United States interested, I cannot see what
possible objection there can be to it.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire where in the river the raft is?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. It is above Shreve-
port, and it extends from the northern line of
