THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, ©. C.
m
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
■asfc
MONDAY, JANUARY 9, I860.
New Series,...'.No. 23.
cise of my individual independence and judgment,
I have a right to say that I will vote for this Amer-
ican , and will not vo te for the other. But the point
that I made on the gentleman from New York and
those of his anti-Lecompton friends who voted
with him, was that they had practically gone over
to the Republican party because they were voting
with the Republican party; and I take it that it
is a common-sense proposition that a man who
votes a party ticket is, for the nonce, to that ex-
tent ana for the time being, one of the party, for
all practical purposes. I suppose that there is
no party, North or South, that would not be. per-
fectly willing to compound with their opponents,
if their opponents were always to speak against
them, and always to vote with them. 1 take it
for granted, that that is a compromise that could
be very readily effected in any part of the world
where the right of suffrage is exercised.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. MILES. Thegentlemanmustexcuseme.
These interruptions throw me off the line of my
remarks. Whenever I say anything that requires
personal explanation, 1 will yield with great
pleasure.
After Mr. Miles had concluded his remarks—
Mr. DE JARNETTE obtained the floor.
Mr. A'DRAIN. "Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. DE JARNETTE assented.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 thank the gentleman from
Virginia for yielding to me for a few moments, to
speak on this occasion. I intended yesterday, if
I could have procured an opportunity, to have
replied to the question put to me by the honorable
fentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
n the course of the few remarks which I then
made, I spoke of the five anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats of this House who had cast their votes, from
the commencement of the session, for one of their
own number. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
inquired of me what I meant by the five anti-Le-
compton Democrats? I discovered his extreme
sensitiveness on that point, as if 1 intended to in-
sinuate that he was not an anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrat. Sir, 1 pass censure or judgment upon the
conduct of no man upon this floor. Every man
has the right to vote according to the dictates of
his own judgment, and as he believes best carries
out the principles upon which he was elected. I
regretted, at an early stage of this session, that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] cast his vote for Mr. Sherman. I should
have been pleased if he had remained a while
longer with his anti-Lecompton friends. We were
from the first but eight m number; and perhaps,
if wo had remained together, an anti-Lecompton
Democrat might have been, before this, elected as
Speaker of this House.
But, .sir. in the midst of our difficulty* in the
midst of the appeals which are constantly made
here, permit me to make one appeal that the
House may be immediately organized; and that
is, that a sufficient number of votes shall be given
to an anti-Lecompton Democrat—not myself, for
I have no aspirations to that chair, and never
had—but to the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] or the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Davis,] or any other of our num-
ber.
But, Mr. Clerk, as gentlemen have been defin-
ing their positions upon this floor, although I
suoke the other day, vet it becomes necessary
tfiat I should speak again, as a direct appeal has
been made by the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Miles] to the live anti-Lecompton Democrats
who persistently vote for one of their own num-
ber. Iwas elected, sir,to a seat upon this floor as
an anti-Lecompton Democrat. I was nominated
by a convention of anli-Lecompton Democrats,
who had always been sound and inflexible Demo-
crats, as far as I could recollect. Why, sir, the
gentleman who presided over the convention which
made my nomination is one of the best, purest,
and most inflexible Democrats in the district which
I have the honor to represent. After receiving
23
that nomination, the Republican party in my
district and the American party made no nomin-
ations. The question of election to this House
then stood hetween my Democratic competitor,
an able and respectable gentleman, and my-
self. I stood then as I stand now, as an oppo-
nent of the territorial policy of the Administra-
tion. My competitor assumed ground in favor
of Mr. Buchanan's Kansas policy, and pledged
himself to sustain the principles and measures of
this Administration. The Republicans and Amer-
icans in my district, I say, made no nomination,
and they had to choose between us. They chose
to support me in preference to my competitor;
and I shall always feel grateful to my political
opponents for the support they gave me in the
canvass of 1858. Mr. Clerk, my political oppo-
nents did what my own Democratic friends ought
to have done. They ought to have rallied round
me as their nominee, to have supported me, and
to have returned me to this body, because I stood
throughout in support of the principles of the
Democratic party as they were announced at Cin-
cinnati. It is true, as 1 before stated, that I op-
posed Mr. Buchanan's Kansas policy; but is that
any evidence that I am no Democrat? I conceive,
sir, that it is the best evidence of any man's De-
mocracy to oppose the present Administration.
And, sir, I say that the best evidence that I am
faithful and true to my principles is the fact that
my constituents rallied around me and elected me
to a scat on this floor,
T came here not only as an anti-Lecompton
Democrat but us a Democrat: and 1 will hero
state that my course, since the commencement of
this session, has been approved by all the papers
of my district and State, except by a fev? editors
who arc officeholders under the present Govern-
ment, and think they will please Mr. Buchanan
and this Administiation best by vilifying and
abusing me. But, sir, the editor of the lead-
ing Democratic paper in my State, I refer to
Judge Narr, of the True American, published at
Trenton, came out with an article a few days ago
in which he rioted that my colleague [Mr. Riggs]
and myself were acting consistently m voting-for
anli-Lecompton Democrats, because such men,
only, truly represented our principles and the
principles upon which we were elected. And that
editor went further, and said that the Lecompton
Democrats had no right to lind fault, and that the
Republicans had no right to find fault. In fact,
there is no Republican paper in my district or
State that has not come out and said that my col-
league [Mr. Rigos] and myself were acting with
perfect consistency as anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats.
Sir, I was elecied in opposition to Mr. Buch-
anan's Kansas policy: upon the great principle,
the great, living, vital principle that the people of
a Territory, like those of a State, shall decide
their own* domestic institutions for themselves.
But it is said that the Lecompton issue is dead;
and why do Democrats here differ ? It is true
that the admission of Kansas under the Lecomp-
ton constitution is a dead issue for all practical
purposes; but, sir, there is another great, vital,
living issue, that is yet to enter into the canvass
of 1860, and which is to be passed upon by the
people of this country, and that is the great right
of self-government which belongs to the people
of the Territories.
Furthermore, sir, there was another principle
on which I was elected, and that was the admis-
sion of Kansas as a State into this Union at this
session, under such a constitution as the people
of that Territory chose to adopt as representing
their own sentiments. Sir, the contention that
nominated me passed a resolution pledging that I
should vote for the admission of Kansas under
the constitution adopted by the people of that
Territory, provided that it was renuohcan inform.
Why, sir, the very convention which nominated
my competitor passeda similar resolution. There-
fore, the whole Democracy of my State are com-
mitted to that principle. Appeals arc now made
to me, as a Democrat, to voto for a man for
Speaker who does not hold these principles
which I was elccted. Let such aman be present-
ed, let a man be nominated for Speaker wh6 dis-
approves of the Lecompton policy of Mr. Buch-
anan, who disapproves of the doctrine on the
slavery question which he has just announced m
his message, who believes that the people hare
right in the Territories to establish or prohibit
slavery m their midst, and who is in favor of the
admission of Kansas under such a constitution as
the people themselves desire, then, sir, will cortlfc
the time for me to say whether I will vote for
such a man or not. And to show that I am will-
ing to vote for such an individual 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I only yielded for ^
explanation, and not for a speech. [Cries tk
"Let him finish!"] Very well; the gentl£itf8£rir
can go on.
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Clerk, to show you thKt
I will vote for such aman, I have only to refer to
the fact that I have all along been voting for such
a man. I have voted for my friend from Indisrtva,
[Mr. Davis,] and formy friends from New York,
[Messrs. Clark and Reynolds,] who hold th%
same principles that I profess. I voted for them
because they represent the principles which are
held by the Democracy ef my State, Lecoraption
and anti-Lecompton ftien alike.
Mr. MILES. I ask the gentleman this ques-
tion: which is the fairer proposition—that five
men Shall go over to ninety on the question of the
Lecompton policy of the Administration, or that
the ninety shall go over to five men on that same
issue r
Mr. ADRAIN. I, like my friend from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. McRae,] profess at all times to be
a fair man, and I will presently answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina.
Sir. I have defined the principles upon which I
have been elected to a seat in this House. I have
steadily voted for a gentleman who carries o"ut
these principles; and X will say that my present
purpose i.s to continue to vote for just such a man.
How could I vote for any one else ? If I did, I
would be recreant to the principles upon which I
was elected; I would be grossly inconsistent, and
all parties in my district would turn their backs
upon me, ond spurn me from their presence.
'Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to propound
a single question to the gentleman from New
Jersey.
Mr. ADRAIN. I am willing to hear the gen-
tleman.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish the gentleman to in-
form the members of this body whether in his
canvass ho received more Republican than Dem-
ocratic votes, or more Democratic than Republi-
can votes ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I will state very frankly that
I received more Republican than Democratic
votes.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will ask the gentleman
another question: Had the gentleman in his dis-
trict any Republican competitor; did not the Re-
publicans entirely give up the field to him?
Mr.^ADRAlN. The Republicans placed ttO
man in opposition to me, but gave up the ffeM
entirely to me.
Mr.'HICKMAN. Then the conclusion \Vilt
be drawn, I presume, by the members of the
House, and generally by the country—as that
seems to be the favorite and stereotyped phrase
here—that the gentleman, in the expression of his
principles, was perfectly acccptable to the Repub-
lican party of his district.
Mr. ADRAIN. I presumed that that would be
the inference the gentleman would draw; butitia
not a fair inference. I have not interfered with
the gentleman in his district; I hkvc not inquired
ho-^v he came here, nor do I intend to. 1 believe
in the doctrine of popular sovereignty: that every
man should take charge of his own district, and
leave every other member to do the same. The
gentleman has no right to interfere with me and my
constituents; nor has he a right to make any in-
quiries how I came here. But, sir, I am willing
to answer him. If I was acceptable to the Rfi-
