1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the territorial government, for the protection of
every species of property which may be curried
into the Territories by any citizen of the United
States.
I shall, however, Mr. President, vote forthe res-
olutions under consideration, because, although
they do n®t go to the extent to which I think the
southern people are justly entitled; although they
do not propose to provide remedies which I(think
the southern people ought to have in advance
of their emigration to the Territories, still they
assert great principles and important constitu-
tional rights. They assert the power of Congress
and the duty of Congress to provide for the pro-
tection of slavery under certain contingencies.
They postpone the exercise of that power it is
true, and to that extent I object to them; but inas-
much as they contain these assertions of princi-
ples, recognizing the power and duty of Congress
m the premises, I am willing to take them, and
vote for them, not because I think they are the
best that ought to be granted; but because, under
the circumstances, they are perhaps the best that
can be obtained.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I claim the indul-
gence of the Senate for notexceedingfive minutes,
■ in order that I may place myself properly before
the people of the State I have the honor in part to
represent. I desired and intended to speak m sup-
port of the resolutions which are now under con-
sideration. The principles of those resolutions
have been so fully vindicated by their distinguished
author, and those Senators who have followed him
in their support, that it would be supererogatory in
me to endeavor to add anything, in the wayoffact
or arguments, to what has been already adduced.
I had taken some pains, however, to review the
history of Congress, and had intended to show
that there was nothing new or unprecedented or
singular in these resolutions; th'at the objections
which had been preferred, that they were abstract
and proposed no immediate legislation on the part
of Congress, obtained equally to numerous res-
olutions which had been offered by distinguished
leaders of both the Whig and Democratic parties
at various periods of our history.
I regret, sir, that recent and very severe in-
flammation of my vocal organs disables mo from
saying what I intended and desired. I especially
regret that I am physically unable to vindicate
the Democratic party of the State which I have
the honor in part to represent, and which has
honored me so often and so highly, against the
aspersions and misrepresentations of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] Had I anticipated
or suspected the character of the remarks of the
Senator from Illinois, I would have dragged my
limbs from my sick chamber to the Senate,and at
least have denied,and endeavored to correct, some
of those misrepresentations. The tenor of his
argument was to heap reproach, ridicule, and
contumely upon that party within the State of
Alabama. The whole purpose of his argument
seemed to be to show that that party had been
faithless to the principles it professed; that it had
been guilty of the most inexcusable and repre-
hensible tergiversations; that in 1848, while avow-
ing, in the convention at Montgomery, the right
to protection of slave property within the Terri-
tories, and the duty of Congress to afford it, it
had backed down in the convention at Baltimore,
and had surrendered this claim, by the support of
General Cass; that in 1856 it had wholly ignored
this right, and, reversing its position, had come out
in favor of non-intervention; and in 1860, again
changing its position, it had come out in favor of
intervention for the protection of slave property.
Mr. President, it is very easy for able and in-
genious counsel, with the aid of scissors, by clip-
ping and detaching particular sentences or para-
graphs from a speech or resolution, to impute
sentiments and opinions to a party, or an indi-
vidual, which the whole context of the resolutions
or speech would disapprove. Such is the case in
respect to the Democratic party of Alabama. If
the Senator from Illinois had been half as sedu-
lous in search of truth as he was in search of a
triumph, he would have found in the very reso-
lutions of 1856, which he garbled and presented
to the Senate, an entire and complete refutation
of the imputation of an abandonment of this prin-
ciple of protection; because in those very resolu-
tions he would have found an interpretation of
his word "non-intervention" which was entirely
consistent with the resolutions of my friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and with the platform
of the majority of States, offered in the conven-
tion at Charleston. I have not' the voice, at this
time, to vindicate my State, or rather the Demo-
cratic party of that State, as I wished to do,
against those aspersions and misrepresentations;
but I am sure that before any impartial auditory
I can show that the Democratic party of that State
have been entirely consistent; and that in all their
State conventions, from 1848 to 1860, inclusive,
they have vindicated the same principles. They
have never consented to the abdication, on the part
of Congress, of this power and duty to protect
property wherever f ederal prevails over State
jurisdiction.
The Senator furthermore, in the course of his
remarks, in order to cast odium upon the Dem-
ocratic party of that State, selected a distinguished
member of that party, and imputed to him dis-
union sentiments. Ho went further, and charged
that his purpose in attending the Charleston con-
vention was to disrupt the Democratic party
and to destroy the Union. My friend from Mis-
sissippi has read the remarks of Hon. William
Loundcs Yancey (the Democrat alluded to) in
reply to that charge, in which he denounces this
imputation as false. I indorse every word that
he there uttered. I can take that "scarlet letter,"
as it has been opprobriously called—his Slaughter
letter—and can show, by a fair reading and inter-
pretation of its meaning, that Mr. Yancey, in that
letter, only takes the position which has been as-
sumed by all the southern Democracy who have
stood upon the Georgia platform of 1850—a pur-
pose not to submit to any further aggression upon
the constitutional rights of the southern StatGS.
I regret sincerely, Mr. President, that 1 have not
strength or breath to discharge the duty which I
feel I owe to the Democratic party of my State,
and to my political and personal friend, (Mr.
Yancey,) by vindicating them from the unjust,
and, I will ad3, slanderous charges which have
been preferred against them; but, sir, I promise,
if my life last and my health warrant, that I will
avail myself of an eaily opportunity to do so.
This much is duo to myself, in order to show
that I was not present, and did not sit still with-
out dissenting to the disparaging imputations
upon the Democracy of Alabama, when made by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.]
Mr. HALE. I hope, sir, the Senate will be-
come convinced, by this time, that there is no use
of waiting for a vote on this subject. It is pretty
slow business. I move that the resolutions be
postponed, and that the Senate go into executive
session.
Mr. DAVIS, and others. I hope not.
Mr. HALE. If we can have a vote, I am will-
ing to sit here until midnight.
Mr. DAVIS. We agreed to take a vote to-
day, and if we postpone it I do not think we shall
get any nearer a vote by this time to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I would sit until the sun rose, if
I thought we could come to a vote.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us go on. There is no other
way to get a vote.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wilson
in the chair.) Does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HALE. Yes,- sir; for a speech from Mis-
souri. I want to hear that.
Mr. GREEN. I thought New Hampshire
would defer to that, especially as New Hamp-
shire has been heard m a long speech, and Mis-
souri not at all.
Mr. HALE. x\.bout ten minutes—that is all.
Mr. GREEN. At one time, I had intended to
present some remarks on these resSfcjtions; but
they have been so fully and thoroughly discussed,
and, in the popular word of the day, " venti-
lated, "that I deem it unnecessary to prolong the
discussion. One word of explanation is all I de-
sire. A misrepresentation has gone abroad, not
only in this Chamber, but out of it, and perhaps
throughout the whole land, representing these
resolutions as caucus resolutions, designed as a
platform for the Democratic party. The honor-
able Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
answered one part of that charge, and I think suc-
cessfully and fully answered it. There is, how-
ever, one view to be taken in the same connection.
It ia the habit of the country, of all legislative
bodies from Maine to Georgia, including the Fed-
eral Government, and from the Atlantic to the
Pacific—it has been the uniform practice to declare
the opinions of deliberative bodies by resolution.
In 1798 Madison proposed resolutions in the
General Assembly of Virginia. Similar resolu-
tions were proposed by Kentucky. Were they
intended to dictate a platform for a party ? John,
Adams and the Federalists could, with move pro-
priety, have said, " these Democrats, headed by
. Jefferson, have made use of Mr. Madison to shape
a platform for the party;" but the common senti-
ment and the common judgment of the country
say they did right. They declared the true prin-
ciples of the Government; and they are now in-
corporated into and constitute a part of the Dem-
ocratic platform of the country. In 1836 the
Democratic party declared, by a vote, a majority
of the identical resolutions we are now voting
upon. Was that a dictation to the Democratic
party of its platform, or otherwise? Perhaps it
may be asked, then, why pass them ? I answer,
it is well to stir us up by way of keeping us in
remembrance. In 1838 the Atherton resolutions
were passed by the House of Representatives.
Was that the dictation of a platform ? So I might
go on. In all the States of the Union they have
passed declaratory resolutions setting forth their
views of the Constitution, of the relations of the
States, and the duties of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Why, sir, in 1859, not six months ago, the
Legislature of the State of Illinois passed resolu-
tions—which I have in my desk, and could read-
setting forth the powers of the P'ederal Govern-
ment: giving the views of that p^rty in the State
of Illinois as to the duties of the Federal Govern-
ment with reference to the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. There would have been as much
propriety in charging that to be an attempt to
dictate a platform to the Democratic party as to
charge this. It is a mistake. It is in the proper
discharge of our constitutional duty. These Sen-
ators represent the thirty-three States of this
Union. This is a great conservative element of
it; and I believe it to be our bounden duty to
declare the true principles of government as I
understand it. If we are mistaken, subsequent
events and subsequent incumbents will correct the
error, but lot the public know in advance what
wo propose to do with reference to the general
policy of the Government.
I remarked that I did not intend to discuss these
resolutions. I will not do so. I believe them to be
correct. Norwill I discuss persons, their merits or
their demerits, their fitness or their unfitness, their
rights or their wrongs. In the shortspaceof time
that I have been in the Senate of the United States,
1 have never spoken of any man, whetherpolitician
or otherwise; and I never intend to do so. I will
discuss principles; I will discuss policy affecting
the general well-being of society. I will do my
duty for the great body of this great American
Republic; but I will never make this place the
common hustings, in which to hurl invectives
against men, or to laud others to the skies. If
personally attacked, as a matter of course, I should
make a personal defense; but outside of that, I
confine myself to principles, and to policy neces-
sary to carry out these principles, and that policy
necessarily emanates from them—flows as natu-
rally as the stream does from the fountain.
The Senator from Illinois, however, the other
day having made a remark about my State, just-
ifies me in referring to the State of Missouri. I
do not wish injustice done to that State.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Ohio.
Mr. GREEN. Well, they are so much alike
that I hardly know one from the other. [Laugh-
ter.] I wish to be excused. Whose pardon
shall I ask? Yours? [Addressing Mr. Pugh.]
Mr. PUGI-I. No, sir; I thank you for the
compliment.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Ohio it was.
Having used the same arguments that the Sena-
tor from Illinois uses, I am continually confound-
ing the two. [Laughter.] He having referred to
the State of Missouri, as I think unfairly—not by
design, for in a conversation with him I found
he was mistaken—it justifies me in stating what
is the true position of the State of Missouri. By
a legislative act of 1860, in the last winter, resolu-
tions were passed conforming exactly to the prin-
ciples embodied in the resolutions now before the
