354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO$E.
January 6,
publicans and Americans in my district who sup-
ported me, it was because I was a Democrat, and
nothing else. Everywhere in my district, in every
speech—for I carried no false colors, and never
do—I everywhere proclaimed myself an anti-Le-
compton Democrat; I stated very distinctly that
I differed with the Republican party, as I donow,
upon the question of slavery; for I do not hold to
the doctrine of congressional intervention; and that
objection to the Republican party I stated every-
where in my district. But, sir, I will give the
Republican party of my district the credit of voting
for me, not because I fully represented their prin-
ciples, but because they had faith in my honesty,
and that I would do here exactly what I promised.
Mr. HICKMAN. As I have become unfor-
tunately mixed up to some extent in this con-
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I yielded to the gentle-
man from New Jersey for a personal explanation,
and not for a running discussion. It is perfectly
apparent if this discussion continues, I shall be
deprived of the floor for to-day, and I hope, there-
fore, it will not be indulged in.
Mr. ADRAIN. Then I will proceed without
further interruption.
Mr. IIICKMAN. I will consume but a mo-
ment.
Mr, ADRAIN. I object to any further ques-
tions, because the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
De Jarnette,] by whose courtesy 1 hold the
floor, objects. I will answer the gentleman at any
other time.
The inference the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Hickman] wishes to draw from the fact
that I was elected here by Republican votes in
part, that I am therefore to vote for the Republi-
can candidate for Speaker, is unwarranted. Why*
the Republicans in my district never expected I
would.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman misappre-
hends me.
Mr. ADRAIN. The Republican papers in my
district do not now say that they expected it.
They say I am pursuing a consistent course.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to order. 1 object to any fur-
ther interruptions. I call the gentleman to order,
and I insist upon it.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then the gentleman refuse*
to yield the floor?
Mr. ADRAIN. I do refuse to yield the floor.
I was stating that the Republicans of my district
and State, though they may desire it, and no doubt
they do, never expected that 1 would cast my
vote for a Republican. They expected that I
would act as an independent man, according to
the convictions of my own judgment; according to
my own political sentiments, and the sentiments
upon which I was elected; and as long as my own
constituents, the Republicans, the Americans, ami
the anti-Lecompton Democrats do not find fault
with the votes l give here. I will merely say the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is intei fenng in a
matter with which he has nothing to do.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I conic to the practical ques-
tion before the House, and that is the oi'gamza-
tion of it. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Miles] has seen fit to charge the five anti-
Lecompton Democrats upon this floor with keep-
ing this House without an organization. Me has
asserted that the House could be organized at
once if the five anti-Lecompton Democrats^vould
unite with the Democrats upon this floor. He
stated that the twenty-three South Americans
were ready to cast their vote for any Democrat on
this side, and that with the- aid of the five anti-Le-
compton Democrats an election could be effected.
Now, sir, he assumes what 1 do not believe to
be a fact, i do not believe that the twenty-three
South Americans upon this floor will cast their
votes in a body for any Democrat in this House.
I remember very distinctly that several South
Americans, the other day, did get up and state
that they would not vote for a Democrat; that
they would not vote for any Administration man
upon this side of the House. Now, theu, I deny,
as a fact, that the twenty-three South Americans
are ready to unite with the Democrats to elect a
Speaker with our aid, if we choose to give it to
them.
Mr. MILES. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I objected to being interrupted
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] and I cannot consistently allow an inter-
ruption now.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man from New Jersey allow me to say a word,
with the assent of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. De Jarnette,] by whose courtesy he holds
the floor?
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I will consent to a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have objected to interrup-
tions from other gentlemen, and therefore I object
to this interruption now. I wish to bring my
speech to a close, and allow the gentleman from
Virginia to go on.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope my friend
will hear a suggestion.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I understood the
gentleman from New Jersey to say that the dif-
ferent members of the southern Opposition party
had risen upon this floor and said they would not,
in a^ny event, vote for a Democrat. If such has
been the declaration of different members of the
southern Opposition party, I have failed to have
that acuteness of hearing that has given to me
that information. I say, for one, and I say for
seventeen thousand freemen in the ninth congres-
sional district of Kentucky, that when I have to
choose—and lam ready now to choose—between
a Democrat and a Republican, I am ready to vote
for a Democrat—for any of them, except it be a
squatter-sovereignty Democrat. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. Is the gentleman tluough?
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. No, sir. There
is a simple and practical solution of the question
now before the House. Yesterday there were
two hundred and thirteen votes cast. One hun- '
dred and three voted for John Sherman, of Ohio.
The residue were cast for different members of
this House. Now, I ask each and every one who
voted yesterday for candidates other than Mr.
Sherman, if they had not a choice ? I have a
choice e^en between a devil and a witch, [laugh-
ter,] and I have a choice between a Democrat and
a Republican. There is a plain, practical, and ,
simple solution of this whole question: come up '
and vote for a Democrat or South American in
opposition to the Republican party, I have not i
made any declarat on here, Mr. Clerk* in refer-
ence to my fidelity to my southern constituency.
1 am not speaking now to my constituents or to
the country, for i trust I am actuated by higher,
holier, and nobler motives than that of speaking
to the public upon this question at this time. 1
ask and demand of each and every one opposed
to a sectional organization of this House—I de-
mand it in the name of thos^who are most inter-
ested in this Government, in the name of the
creditors of this great counti y of ours, whose faith
and honor are sacredly pledged to a discharge of
the obligations it is under to the diflerent con-
tractors of this Government—I demand that they .
shall come up at once to an organization of tins
House.
And now, Mr. Clerk, in reply to what was said
a day or two since in reference to the position of
the South Americans, I desire to say one thing.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] it is true,
disclaimed that he intended to impute to us any
disposition whatever to coalesce with the Repub-
lican party; but what did he say on that occa-
sion ?
" Had yon listened to >our organs, and had it nor been
for ihc loiay of John Blown at Haipcr's Ferry, such a
coalition would have been foiinert between the southern
Opposition and the Republicans."
In the name of the district which I represent,
I protest that it is without foundation in fact. I
came here, Mr. Clerk, upon this principle m re-
gard to the slavery question: I say that if there
be a wail coming up from the Pacilic coast, or from S
any of the Territories, m behalf of the slaveholder ,
demanding protection for his slave property, it is j
the duty of Congress togive him thatprotection. If i
that affiliates with Republicanism, then the south- i
era Opposition of the State of Kentucky may aflil- j
iate with the Republican party, not otherwise. i
Mr. ADRAIN. Is that all, sir ? 1
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. No, sir. The
foray of John Brown did not prevent the coalition,
for no coalition ever was intended at all between
the southern Oppositionists and the Republican
party. I admit, sir, that the Louisville Journal,
apaperthat is published in our State, did say that
if a coalition could be formed with the People's
party of Pennsylvania and conservative elements
of that kind, it would recommend that coalition
in opposition to the Democratic Administration
party, and not otherwise.
Well, now, Mr. Clerk, I do not understand
that, because I vote for a Democrat, I am a Dem-
ocrat.
Mr. ADRAIN. I supposed that I had the floor
to continue my speech. I find that the gentleman
is substituting himself in my place. I should like
to go on and finish what I have to say. The gen-
tleman will have plenty of time to make his speech
hereafter.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I am sure that I
should select another substitute. •
Mr. ADRAIN. I would like to finish my
speech, if the gentleman has no objection.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I have but a
word or two more to say, and then I shall be
through.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, only one or two words,
then.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Yes, sir; one or
two words only.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will not go into any more argumentation
with me, unless I can have a chance to respond.
He knows I cannot get the floor now. It is not
very chivalric to attack a gentleman^ when he has
no opportunity to come back at you.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Permit me to say
that it is no want of chivalry in me attacking you
now. I will do it at any time whenever you have
a chance to respond, or otherwise.
Mr. COX. 1 am ready at any time to sustain
my position.
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio. Let the gentleman from Ken-
tucky finish his remarks.
Mr. MOOREy of Kentucky. I say I do not
understand that, because I am voting with the
Democracy for the election of Speaker, I thereby
become a Democrat. I am not one of those pat-
ent-right politicians who believe that because you
are in Rome, you must do as Romans do. I be-
lieve that I can vote for a Democrat to fill that
chair without sacrificing one principle that I hold
in opposition to the Democratic party. I believe
that Democrats can come up and vote for one of
the southern Oppositionists without sacrificing
one jot or tittle of the opposition which they may
have to that organization. I believe that this
handful of anti-Lecompton Democrats—it is true
they count themselves a host—may come up and
vote for a Democrat or a southern Oppositionist
without sacrificing their opposition to the Le-
compton policy of the present Administration. I
say that there is a plain, simple solution of this
whole question. There are two hundred and thir-
teen votes in this House, and but one hundred
and three of them are for Sherman.
Several Members. One hundred and four.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Well, one hun-
dred and four, if you please; but the residue, a
majority of the House, are opposed to the elec-
tion of John Sherman as Speaker of this House;
and, if they be opposed to that organization of the
House, it is a simple thing for them to come up
and record their votes as a unit for a member of
some one of the national parties in this House,,
and elect a Speaker. I am grateful to the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. De J arntette} for yield-
ing me the floor for this purpose. Nothing but
an honest and devoted purpose to organize the
House has prompted me to say anything upon
this occasion.
Mr. ADRAIN. I am much obliged to the gen-
tleman tor having brought his few remarks to a
close; and I will resume the thread of mine. I
| will reply, however, to one remark which ho
j made, because it seems to be inconsistent. He
t professes to be ready to vote for a Democrat witli-
\ out making himself a Democrat. He is willing
: to vote for almost any man to organize the House;
! and, in voting for a man of opposite principles to
his own, he does not consider that he is parting
with his own political sentiments. Now, I would
like to ask the gentleman, if that is the position
which he assumes, why he cannot come over to
the handful of five anti-Lecompton Democrats,
and vote for a popular-sovereignty man?
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I will answer the
