1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
$3,500 s avid so with a captain commanding a
squadron. I propose to increase it to $5,000. The
committee propose that captains on other duty
not at sea shall receive $3,937. I have put it at
$3,500, which was the former pay of a captain
on sea-duty. The committee and myself propose
the same salary for the captains on leave or wait-
ing orders—#9,508- 1 supposed that was enough.
I have proposed a round sum in these cases, believ-
ing that to be more convenient and better.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator mean to say
that the sea-scrvice does not relate to the grade?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not to the grade in the
committee bill; but it is sea-service in the Navy
from the beginning. If you make it relate to the
grade, you will cut it down too low. The effect
of it is to placc about one hundred and eighty
lieutenants at once on the highest rain of pay of
lieutenants; for the reason that you calculate the
sea-service from the time they first entered the
Navy; and, in fact, I have not been able to find a
single one, although you fix the pay of a lieutenant
at $1,500, who will notreceive more than $1,500.
Mr. MALLORY. You have not looked.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have looked, but I may
have omitted one. Theio may be such a.case, but
I do not know of any. If I am wrong about that
I wish to be corrected, but there are very few of
them at any rate.
Mr. MALLORY. You can go on, and I will
correct you afterwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see now, on referring
to the Navy Register, one lieutenant whose sea-
service is betweenfour and five years The last one
on the list is Lieutenant Charles A. Babeock, who
was appointed Octobcr 2, 1859, and he will al once
receive pay for seven yeans' sea-service. lie in
placed then in a grade receiving $1,700, although
the bill assumes to make a lieu tenant's pay J1,500.
He is the last man appointed; has heen lieutenant
butafew months; was appointed in October, IH59,
and he goes up to the sea-service pay of ,700.
Mr, BENJAMIN. Wli«n is a lieutenant's pay
at present?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Fifteen hundred dollar*.
Mr. GIUME& This man get.salthis time only
$1,050.
Mr. FESSENDEN J low ia that?
Mr. GRIMES. All on the list, after Robert L.
May, twenty-six lieutenants, get what is called
the bogus nay.of $1,050 a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That in for another rea-
son; but I have provided for that m order to brum;
the matter to the attention of (ho Senate. Now,
what is the arrangement I have made ui (lie sub-
stitute that I propose? 1 simply pay eveiy nuin
according to the dale of his* commission in Jus
grade. For instance,, a lieutenant enters the ser-
vice as a lieutenant, and receives ins commission
to-day. 1 provide in this substitute (hat for (he
first live years after the date of such commission
lie .shall receive such an amount; fur the second
five years, such a further amount; for the third,
sueh a further amount; and after that, another.sum.
The committee, however, carried it up to twent y
yeais, and provided for the first, second, third and
fourth term of fire years, and for all after twenty
years. I carry it to first, second and third, and
then to fifteen years, for the simple reason that
when men have been fifteen years m the service
in this grade they are old enough and experienced
enough to receive the highest rate of pay m their
grade; they are (hen necessarily old men. The
difference between a man who has been fifteen
yeans in commission and one who lias been twenty
years in commission is not veiy huge, and under
the circumstances 1 think it better to hung it down
to fifteen years; for according to their age when
they entered the grade of lieutenant, for instance,
they must be pretty well advanced when they
have been fifteen years in the service. This in-
creases the amount of the pay to some extent.
The objection that is made to this is, that it
should be calculated according to sea-service, for
the purpose of putting an end to the desiie on the
part of officers to shun sea-duty. That is very
desirable; but I think it should bo put an end to
jn another way. I believe that if our affairs were
properly conducted by (he Department—and I do
not mean to throw any particular blame on the
Department at one time more than another—that
difficulty would be done away with. If a man
shirks sea-duty5 or attempts to do it, through
favoritism oranytiiing else, he should be brought
to a court-martial and punished in that way; but
as a general rule, I am told, and believe it to be
true, that the difficulty is the other way; that men
cannot always get sea-service when they want it,
and have not been able to do so heretofore.- A.t
any rate, my proposition in this respect makes it
equal. They are in the line of their duty; and if
there is nothing of record against them that is
worth inquiring into and to show that they have
shirked their duty, I think they should be re-
garded as having done it; and after coming to a
certain age, and having certain responsibilities on
them, and when they must have support, the idea
of going into a man's record to see how much A,
B, and^C have been at sea, when perhaps they
have been on shore for very good reasons, is to
my mmd an entirely false mode of calculating
what each man should receive. 1 have, therefore,
adopted a different system in relation to that mat-
ter, and provided that in all the grades the pay
should be calculated from the date of commission
in that grade. I believe it to be the correct prin-
ciple, and I believe that it will be better in the
long run than to follow out the system which has
been adopted by the committee, and which, as I
said before, is entirely deceptive.
I believe that the lieutenants have been the
worst paid men in the service, as a general rule,
on account of their age and the long time they
are obliged to stay in that grade; and I am per-
fectly willing, if the chairman thinks proper to
make a motion to that effect, to reduce the term
from the date of the commission, and put it at
three, six, and nine years, or four, eight, and
twelve years, instead of five, ten, and fifteen; thus
icducing the whole time they would be obliged
to be m the Navy and to have a commission, be-
fore having their pay raised. Then it would be
on a regular system, 1 have put the whole of the
amendments I have suggested on that idea—car-
rying it through—and that is, paying each man
in his grade according to his length of service in
thai guide, and rising gradually from one point
to the other. 1 behe\c, sir, that it will work bene-
ficially. At any uitc, itwill do away with the
difficulty Which certainly arises in calculating the
sea-service. Instead of beginning where we ought
to begin—in establishing the pay for a grade with
a man's enhance into the grade—the committee
go back to the commencement of his service in
the Navy itself, it is not applied by the com-
mittee to commanders or to captains; not applied
lo anybody until you get to lieutenants, and then
it is extended to puiseisand otheis.
There wete also some chelations that 1 made
in the rates oI* pay in jegard to .uirgeons and purs-
ers, but as the committee's bill is now amended,
the difference in tliis respect between the bill of
(he committee and the substitute w Inch 1 have
offered, is, thai I have brought down the length
of service from twenty to fifteen years; that is, 1
gi\e the highest pay at the end of fifteen years'
service and afterwards, instead of at the end of
twenty years and afterwauls. 1 do it for this
reason: asuigeon euteis the Navy, a man edu-
cated, not a boy to bo educated, lie has acquired
his profession. Then he must remain, as mat-
ters now stand, twelve oi fifteen years in the grade
of assistant surgeon befoie he can get to be a sur-
geon at all, and then if he serves fifteen years
longer he is certainly to be, supposed to be old
enough to receive the highest pay of ins grade.
A man could not reach the highest pay of a sur-
geon if he entered at twenty-five years of age, and
then ser \ e thirty, as lie would have to do, before
he was fifty-five. The difference of five yeais
between fifteen and twenty would seem to be im-
material ; and a man at forty is very likely to need
as much to support him comfortably as a man at
| fifty. It is owing to the age at which they enter.
- So m reference to ptnsers, 1 have reduced it from
[ fifteen to twenty years. That is all the alteration
J 1 have made there, and for the same reason. A
i purser when appointed is a man, not a boy. He
| must qualify himself to be a purser before he got s
| into the Navy. When he is twelve years in the
j service, as the law now stands, he receives the
pav of a commander, for the reason that he is
obiiged to give bond to the amount of $25,000,
and to be responsible for the property intrusted
to his care, and see that it is not plundered; and
lie is responsible for anything lost by accident
or otherwise, unless he can get a special act of
Congress 10 release lum.
In reference to engineers and the minor class of
officers, I have not interfered with the bill; but
have made a different arrangement. 1 think I have
improved on it; at any rate, I have put all that
the committee had in twelve pages into eight by
making a little difference of arrangement, and not
repeating words unnecessarily. I have classified
everything by itself, instead of spreading it over
a large space.
These are the principal differences I have made
in reference to the pay, from the captain down to
the lowest officer, except midshipmen and those
who are becoming midshipmen at, the naval school,
because the idea is a general one, and itis accept-
able to all, so far as I have conversed with officers,
that these hoys should have no more than enough
to pay for their education. More money would
do them harm, instead of good. I have made one
or two suggestionsatthe end as to the shape of the
bill. When we passed the bill to promote the
efficiency of the Navy, it required that those of-
ficers who were promoted to a higher giade to fill
vacancies, occasioned by those who retired, should
not receive the pay of the grade to which they
were promoted, but the pay between that and that
of the grade which they left. There are certain
officers in the Navy, in all the grades, captains,
commanders, lieutenants, and others, who are re-
ceiving what they call the bogus pay; that is, not
the pay of their grade, nor the pay of the grade be
low them, but an intermediate grade of pay. The
bill of the committee strikes that out, and the con-
sequence is that the very large number of cap-
tains made by the addition of commanders under
that bill, and the very large number of command-
ers, and the very large number of lieutenants made
by the same process, far exceeding the number
allowed by law, all by the bill of the committee
will receive the rate of pay of the grade to winch
they have been promoted in consequence of these
vacancies. I have put a section into my substi-
tute, restoung that regulation that they shall re-
ceive the same pay they now do, conforming it
to the increased rates of the pay of the several
grades. That is (he first proviso to section one.
I have also put m another proviso, that no sail-
maker shall be appointed to fill any vacancy after
the number of that class exceeds twenty in the
whole. 1 did that at the suggestion of a naval
officer that a small number of them were of use
in the Navy, and that twenty was enough, and it
would be well to stop the appointment of more.
i have made a slight alteration also in the third
section, to which I will call the attention of the
rhunman. I piopose " that hcieafter no service
shall be regarded as sea-service but such as shall
be performed under the orders of the Navy De-
partment;" not "under the orders of a Depart-
ment," as he had it, because some service is per-
formed under the orders of other departments,
such as the Coast Survey, which I did not suppose
would meet his view. That, however, is a ques-
tion about which I have not much opinion one
way or the other.
1 believe, Mr. President, that I have, in the state-
ment that I have made, covered all the grounds of
difference between the committee and myself with
regard to this subject. I am perfectly willing to
increase, in the manner I propose, the pay of the
lieutenants by shortening the tune within which
they are to receive the proposed increase. That
would make the bill more acceptable. I believe
that the system adopted by the committee is one
that will saddle a \eiy heavy expense, and do
great injustice to the different officers m that
grade, raising men up at once to the highest rate
of pay who have just entered upon that rank.
Mr. FITINTEU. What is the annual addition
to the pay of the Navy?
Air. FESSENDEN. I have not calculated that
at all. 1 did not think it of any consequence; for,
as 1 said before, I only considered how much each
man ought to receive; and the amount, whatever
it may be, we are able to pay, and ought to pay
it. I do not know that I have anything further
to add.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before the
question is taken on striking out, the matter pro-
posed to be stricken out is open to further amend-
ment. To that the Senator from Kentucky lias
moved a further amendment, and is entitled to
the floor upon it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have changed it some-
