2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Senate. This was a legislative act. A State con-
vention was called. This doctrine, which has
flooded the country, was canvassed in every coun-
ty, district, nook, and corner, from one border
of the State to the other. Delegates assembled,
the convention consulted, and they unanimously
passed the resolution which iread the other day by
the indulgence of the Senator from Ohio, that reso-
lution harmonizing exactly with the principles
enunciated in the resolutions now presented. If
the delegates at Charleston did otherwise, and did
not faithfully represent these resolutions, it is not
my fault; nor is it the fault of the State of Mis-
souri. If they see proper to desert their own
colors, I am not responsible, nor is the groat
State.
But I must correct him upon another point. He
represented them as though they were evenly
divided upon the platform. That is another mis-
take. As I am informed, and he is now informed,
Mr. Craig went with General Clark, making
five to four in favor of sustaining the minorityre-
port as against the majority; but, as I remarked
the other day, they deemed the third resolution
in the majority report as superfluous and unneces-
sary, and as going beyond the platform of the
party, as declared in the State of Missouri.
Whether that be so or not, I shall not stop to dis-
cuss. AU I desire to say is, that Missouri is true
to the principles enunciated in these resolutions.
I know it to he the sentiment of that State. As
such, I can do no Jess than vote for them. I will
sustain them with all my power; and whenever
the State shall reverse that doctrine as the com-
mon judgment of the State, and take the counter
doctrine, I shall cease to be the representative of
the State.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, my friend from
Missouri has merely anticipated an act of justice
which was due from me to one of the delegates
from Missouri in the Charleston convention. I
stated that Missouri was divided, as I thought,
equally, in her vote upon the minority and ma-
jority resolutions. It seems there was a majority
of half a vote; that is to say, there were five votes
for the majority report and four for the minority.
I spoke from memory, and, of course, i could not
be responsible for that number of votes, not hav-
ing seen the record of the convention. But I
owe General Clark a further explanation, which
it gives me great pleasure to make. General
Clark spoke m flic convention at the distance of
almost this Chamber ftom me, where there were
over six hundred delegates and a vast number of
other persons. I stated, when the Senntormtrr-
rupted me the other day, that 1 could not hear
what General Clark said, and it was reported to
me by others. I made an error; but, after all,
only a slight error, I think. 1 stated that General
Clark said that Missouri desired to strike out
the third resolution of the majority report, which
was the resolution declaring that Congress ought
to intervene by law for the protection of slavery in
the Territories. I believe there is no mistake in
that. The Senator has practically admitted it,
that Missouri would have voted to strike out the
third resolution of the majority report.
Mr. GREBN. I told you that the other day.
That part was correct, I know.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me, I
think probably he has got a wrong number there.
If he had the proceedings of the convention, I
think he would see it was the second resolution.
Mr. PUGH. That arises from this difficulty:
the first resolution, mall the reports, was an affirm-
ation of the Cincinnati platform. Therefore it was
the third resolution of the series. It was the res-
olution declaring the duty of protection.
Mr. POLK. But numbered two in the series.
Mr. PUGH. The number is not material. It
wa& the resolution declaring the duty of Con-
gress.
Mr. POLK. I mention that so that it may be
■understood what resolution it was that General
Clark objected to.
Mr. PllGH. The Senator has it there; I will
thank him to read it, and see whether it is the
same resolution.
> Mr. POLK. I suppose this to be the resolu-
tion. It stands numbered in the series thus:
"2. That it is the duty of the Federal Government, in all
Its departments, to protect, when necessary, the rights of
peison and propeuy la the Teintories. and wherever else
its constitutional authority may extend."
Mr. PUGH. That is the same resolution.
Mr. POLK. That is the resolution to which
the Senator has reference.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. _
Mr. POLK. In the series it stands numbered
two.
Mr. PUGH. That is the resolution to which
I referred. I furthermore stated, the other day,
as it was reported to me at the time, that General
Clark said that, upon the resolutions as they then
stood, Missouri preferred the minority platform.
It was misreported to me. General Clark said
that Missouri preferred the majority platform,
excepting that resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is there any amendment
pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wilson
in the chair.) The first question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Kennedy,] to add two or three additional
resolutions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As that amendment pro-
poses additional resolutions, would not a propo-
sition to insert something earlier in the series take
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is also
another amendment, the Chair is informed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I suppose I had
better wait until they are disposed of.
Mr. PUGH. I call for a division of the ques-
tion, so as to take a vote on each resolution sep-
arately.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose, sir, to
enter into a discussion of the resolutions under
consideration. They have been ably and elabo-
rately discussed. I am now ready, and have been
ever since they were on our tables, to vote for
them. I most hcaitily and cordially approve and
indorse the series of resolutions introduced by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis;] and I rise
simply for the purpose of noticing a statement
made by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] in
his speech day before yesterday, when he was
replying to the Senator from Louisiana, who had
asserted that all the States that could certainly be
relied upon as casting Democratic votes for Pres-
ident and Vice President had voted for the ma-
jority platform at Charleston. The Senator from
Ohio used this language, in reply to that statement
of the Senator from Louisiana:
" I5ut, I said, who oalb North Caiohna Demooatic ?
If the* oteotion good to ihe llou>e of Repu't.outaijve*,
will vote a^ain^t us. Who calls Kentucky Democratic?
Will i-hf vote for the Deinoci.itic candidate lor Pi cedent
jf the- elcctum goct to the ilouse of itepre>entauveb? >
I intended, at the moment, to reply to that part
of the Senator's speech when he alluded to Ken-
tucky; but another gentleman got the floor. 1
will now say to the Senator from Ohio that, judg-
ing the Democracy of Kentucky by every test, I
think she is as reliable a Democratic State as any
in this Union. In 1856 she gave a majority for
the Democratic ticket of over seven thousand.
In 1857, in a general election of a treasurer of the
State, she gave a Democratic majoiity of over
twelve thousand. In 1858, m an election for
clerk of the court of appeals, at which the candi-
dates were nominated by the respective parties,
she again gave a Democratic majority of more
than twelve thousand. In 1859 she elected her
whole Democratic ticket—Governor,and Lieuten-
ant Governor, and all the State officers—by an
average majority of about tun thousand, and a
Legislature, both branches of which are Demo-
cratic. I think these evidences are clear that Ken-
tucky is thoroughly Democratic. In addition to
that, in 1857, sKe elected a Democratic Legisla-
ture, which did me the honor to give me the seat
that I occupy on this floor.
Well, sir,m is true that wc are divided, if the
election goes to the House of Representatives; but
I am confident she will never vote for a candidate
selected by gentlemen who hold the political tenets
of the gentlemen on the other side of the Cham-
ber. It is true, her delegation are now divided,
five to five; but there is a contested seat there, and
wc of the Democratic party think that our candi-
date ought to have it. Whether he will get it or
not, is not for me to say. I may be mistaken,
but 1 think, if justice is done to us at the other
end of the Capitol, we shall have a majority there.
I do not think that the Senator can have any feasi-
ble excuse for saying that Kentucky is not a
Democratic State. For four successive years she
has indicated it on general elections by the most
decided majorities; and I can say to the Senator
that if the convention that is to assemble next
month at Baltimore gives us a platform that is
sound, and an acceptable candidate, then wc shall,
I verily believe, carry Kentucky by fifteen thou-
sand votes in November next.
There is another thing to be remarked. When
the congressional districts were formed as they
now are, the Legislature of Kentucky was in the
hands of the Whig party. The Democratic party,
at that time, thought they had gerrymandered tho
State, and I remember distinctly that I thought so.
I was Governor at the time, and vetoed the bill,
because 1 thought it violated the spirit of the Con-
stitution and did us great injustice, but the Whig
Legislature passed it over my veto. 1 believe that
the whole Democratic party concurred with me in
the opinion that very great injustice had been done
us by that apportionment; and that is one reason,
perhaps, why we are not stronger now in the other
House. I do not think North Carolina or Tennes-
see either can be doubtful, but perhaps it is not
for mo to speak of them. I think in the last gen-
eral election they both elected their Governor and
State tickets by very decided majorities.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Allow mc a word.
Mr. POWELL. Only one word, if the Sena-
tor pleases.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish only to confirm
the Senator's statement, by saying that the North
Carolina delegation is equally divided in the other
House; there is'-not, as the Senator from Onio
supposes, a majority against us. The State is
largely Democratic on the popular vote.
Mr. POWELL. I make this explanation for
the reason that, if I sat here and heard the state-
ment of the Senator and did not corrcct it, it might
bo supposed that,! consented to the fact going to
the country that it was doubtful whether Ken-
tucky was a Democratic State or not. I could
not, in justice to the noble and gallant Democracy
of my State, permit such an impression to go to
thecounti y unexplained and uncon tradicted. Ken-
tucky is Democratic; she is tiue to the rights of
the States, to the Constitution, and to the Union.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, in the year 1828
Kentucky and Ohio voted together for the Dem-
ocratic candidate. In 1832 Ohio voted for the
Democratic candidate, and Kentucky for the Op-
position. In 1836, in 1840, in 1844, they both
voted for the Opposition. In 1848 Ohio voted
for the Democratic, and Kentucky for the Oppo-
sition candidate. In 185G Kentucky voted for a
Democrat for the first time in about twenty years;
and Ohio, by a plurality, a bare plurality,"voted
for the Opposition. And yet Kentucky says she
is Democratic, and that Ohio is not. That is
their comparative record. The Senator says Ken-
tucky elected a Democratic Legislature in 1857.
So did Ohio. Under the apportionment in our
State, the districts are against the Democratic
party, as much as under the apportionment for
Congress, of which he complains. Kentucky
gives five Democrats m the other House to-day,
and hopes to get the sixth; and when she gets it
she will have the same representation as Ohio,
exactly, for we have six Democrats in the other
House to-day, elected even under the pressure of
the whole anti-Lccompton controversy.
Mr. CLAY. My friend from Ohio is talking about
the dead past, instead of the living present; and
every sensible man m this body understands tho
difference between the two. We are not talking
about what States were heretofore, but whatthey
are at present. With equal force, he might claim
that all the northern States, with the exception of
one or two, are Democratic, because they have at
some period in their history cast a Democratic
vote.
Mr. PUGH. My friend must understand mc.
I was about to repeat the statement of the Senator
from Kentucky; if you will give us a sound plat-
form and an unexceptionable candidate, we will
give him the vote of Ohio this fall—I reiterate your
statement precisely, iti so many words. As for
the dead past, let it stay dead. As for the present,
it is of no consequence. As for the future, I chal-
lenge Alabama to equal fidelity to the Democratic
organization with the State of Ohio.
Mr. POWELL. I do not claim, sir, that Ken-
tucky, until a few years back, has been Demo-
cratic. It is known to the whole country that she
was perhaps ono of the firmest Whig States in
