1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
what. I propose now to insert, after the seventy- !
eighth line, page 4, under the head of midship- ■
men:
Every midshipman at sea, $850; when on other duty,
$600 ; when on leave of absence or waiting orders, .$550.
I beg leave to submit, sir, in placc of any re-
marks of my own, the views which a young mid-
shipman himself has taken of this subject, in a
letter to me, where he complains that the mid-
shipmen are the only class who have4)een entirely
overlooked in the bill of the Senator from Flor-
ida. He says:
"The bill does entirely overlook the claim of one single
grade in the Navy—a graduate of this school. A midship-
man in the United States. Navy gets only $400 a yeai when
he is at sea, besides his rations—including which,his pay
is $489 ; when not at sea, §300. Tins pay is insufficient
to meet his expenses. He is required to have one full
dress suit, for which at least ninety dollars is expended.
Besides this, he must have two other suits, at least—-one
best, and the other every-day suit—which will take, at least,
eighty dollais. For a two yeat&'eiuise, he will want to
have twenty dollars in shoes. So here we see $190 ; and
this is not what an extravagant young man would spend
on dress, but what a midshipman is absolutely obliged to
spend. And where is he to get this money ? When he re-
ports for duty to his ship, he is allowed to draw three
months' pay in advance—say $100. With this he is to lit
out his steerage, and pay his share of the mess bill. I will
suppose this might be done for fifty dollar*, which is too
little. Then, it his ship is not in commission, he has
to live on shore." * * * * "For the first
year on a foreign station, he will have nothing to live on ;
and when he returns from his cruise, in «pite of his econ-
omy, he will have to write home for money to pay his trav-
eling expenses there." * * * w " So, instead
of being able to feel independent, he is still dependent on
his family." •*#•******
"Let us turn to the graduate of West Point. He in-
stantly receives $1,200, and we, who are rated with them,
get only one thiid of that; also, look at the pay of a third
assistant engineer. He ranks with the midshipmen, and
gets double his pay, and yet they are all young men. I do
nut see why this difference is made. I suppose if you wore
to ask some old captain about this, he would tell you,( Why
I did not get as much when 1 was a middy.' At that time
middies were little boys brought up on a man-of-war; but
now they are different. Midshipmen can compare very fa-
vorably with graduates of West Point, and they are young
men of twenty years and over, and the duty of lieutenants
is often thiowu on their hands as they have been found
competent to fulfill that duty; and E feel that vou will cer-
tainly agree with me that the pay of the joungcr officers
ought to be increased. This bill piovides pretty well lor
lieutenants, but for masteis and passed midshipmen, vciy
poorly."
Mr. President, this is as good as anything I
could say on the subject. The rates of compen-
sation I have proposed correspond with those of
the grade immediately above them. The shore-
pay, or leave-of-absence pay, of a passed mid-
shipman is §650; his pay at sea $800; so that my
amendment proposes to give to a midshipman at
sea the shore-pay or leave-of-absence pay of a
passed midshipman; and so he is reduced when
he is on other duty, and still further reduced when
he is waiting orders. I submit the amendment to
the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I received a letter from half a
dozen young gentlemen who represent, and no
doubt correctly, that they are from Virginia, at
the Naval Academy, very well drawn up, and
which I confess has appealed strongly to my
sense of right, as the letter read by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky has to his. These young
gentlemen represent, with great frankness, that
at the Naval Academy their pay is ample for their
suppoit. At the Naval Academy they are called
in law acting midshipmen. They are required to
remain there four years, when they graduate,
provided they are found competent. When they
graduate they are required to go to sea upon a
cruise of two or three years. When they return
from that cruise, by law they are required to be
examined—what they call their final examina-
tion—and if they pass that ordeal, then they are
enrolled in law as passed midshipmen. It is the
intermediate stage, after they leave the Academy,
and before they pass their final examination and
become in law passed midshipmen, that it is pro-
posed now to provide for. This bill provides for
the pay of passed midshipmen as stated by the
Senator; but it gives notlfing to these young men
after they leave the Academy and while they are
at sea, beyond the pay they receive at the Acad-
emy, which is §400. Now they say, and I think
with great truth, that they are in the first place a
class of very youns; men—a great many of them
without parents. They have no means of com-
municating with Washington, and they think,
and I dare say with truth, that it is only because
their position was not brought to the notice of the
Senate that they were not provided for in this
bill.
They say further, what I have no doubt is known
to the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that afterthey become midshipmen and are ordered
to sea, the rules of the service require that they
should get certain uniforms, and those uniforms
are prescribed, and the materials are prescribed.
They say that one suit of that uniform costs from
ninety to ninety-five dollars, and they are to take
that out of their pay of $400 a year, besides the
additional necessary clothing for their protection
while at sea. The half a dozen young gentlemen
who wrote to me state—and I would vouch for
their truth, though personally I know nothing of
them—that the result has been that for the outfit
which the law requires of them when they go to
sea, they must go in debt, and they are not able to
pay that debt with the greatest economy out of
their $400, and are never able to pay it until they
become passed midshipmen, or become masters,
when they can leave a small allotment gradually
to liquidate the debt. I do not think it is right to
send .them into the world encumbered with debt,
and encumbcred with a debt, too, creatcd with
law. I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. It has happened that I have
had some occasion to know something about the
Naval Academy, and the manner in which it is
conducted, and the expenses which young men
are compelled to incur there; and I concur in
everything that has been said by the two Senators
who have just addressed the Senate. I have al-
ways thought, ever since I paid any attention to
the Navy, that there were only two things that
this Government could honorably do in connec-
tion with it; and those wore either to disband it
entirely, or else increase the pay of naval officers
to something commensurate with what their ser-
vices require. It is just as necessary for us to in-
crease the pay of the minor officers of the Navy,
of midshipmen, of passed midshipmen, and of
masters, as of the superior officers. Justice re-
quires it at our hands just as much as it requires
of us that wc should increase the pay of the supe-
rior officers. The rate of compensation to mid-
shipmen and passed midshipmen was fixed many
and many years ago, when the expenses of living,
the expenses of uniform, all the necessary ex-
penses attendant upon a cruise, were small com-
pared with what they are now.
Either the original bill or the substitute would
be nearly satisfactory to me, so far as regards the
pay of the superior officers of the Navy; but neither
of them is satisfactory to me so far as relates to
midshipmen, passed midshipmen, mastcis, and
junior lieutenants. It will be a great many years
before the young men now at your Naval Acade-
mies will become lieutenants. You have on your
list of captains eighty-one, and there will be no
promotions to that list until the present number
is reduced by casualties to sixty-eight. You have
one hundred and sixteen commanders, and there
will be no promotions to the giade of command-
ers until that list is reduced by casualties to nine-
ty-seven. If you will take the trouble to exam-
ine the Register you will see that the young men
who entered the Navy in 1840 were between fifteen
andsixtcenyearsin the service before they became
lieutenants. Then the service was not dammed
up as it is now; there was not such an accumula-
tion of dead matter at the head of the Register as
there is at this time. The young men who enter
your Naval Academy this year will be in the ser-
vice twenty years, in my opinion, before they
become lieutenants. They will be performing,
though, just as important duties to the Government
as they would perform if they were lieutenants;
for they will be discharging the duties of passed
midshipmen, masters, or acting lieutenants, during
the whole time until they enter on that grade.
I say you should increase the pay of these
officers from $800 up to something corresponding
with the amount that their services demand. If
you will refer to the catalogue of the Naval Acad-
emy, you will see that the average age of the
students is a little over seventeen years—seven-
teen years and one or two months. If, then, the
students entering the Academy at this time shall
remain in the service as long as those who en-
tered the service in 1840 remained before they
became lieutenants, they will be thirty-two years
old before they will be entitled to that commis-
sion. They will have performed sixteen years'
active service, less the four years that they are in
the Naval Academy I say they ought to be en-
titled to something more than $800 during the first
portion of that sixteen years, and something more
than §1,000 during the time they shall be acting as
masters. I therefore shall vote in favor of increas-
ing the amounts fixed for them. We do not want
to pay the mass of the money that we are going
to pay to our officers, to the superior officers. We
want to enable these young men to give hostages
to the country for their good behavior. Accord-
ing to the bill of the Senator from Maine, young
men entering the service at the age of seventeen,
and remaining fifteen or sixteen years, until they
became lieutenants, would not be entitled to any
pay exceeding #1,500 until five years thereafter,'
or until they had reached the age of thirtyrseven
or thirty-eight. That I cannot agree to as being
just to those officers; and whatever is not just to
them, is not just to us.
There is another reason why we should in-
crease the pay of these inferior officers. The cap-
tain and commander, when stationed at a navy-
yard, or when ashore, has noduty to perform, as
a general thing. You have a large number of them
on your navy-list who do nothing at all. They
are not ordered on duty once in six or eight years.
They are not compelled to undergo the expense
of changing their residences as the young lieu-
tenants are, who are constantly ordered from pillar
to post. They are one day stationed at a navy-
yard, and the next year they are ordered away.
They are compelled to remove their families, to
sell or remove all their household effects, and are
required to endure a great deal of expense that the
older officers arc not compelled to endure. I shall,
therefore, vote in fayor of increasing the pay of
these inferior officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment to the original
bill, offered by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggestto the Senator from
Kentucky not to place the pay of these boys, for
they are but boys, at $650—increasing it $250 at
once. It is the largest throughout all the grades
of the service in proportion, and I submit that it
is the interest of all who have any concern in the
Navy to keep the expenditures for these boys
down to the very lowest possible fraction; not to
allow them a dollar more than their absolute ne-
cessities require; because they are only in this
condition of pupilage about two years, and then
they are passed. I suggest to the Senator to make
his amendment only |550. I think it is better for
the boys. The reason why the committee did not
put midshipmen in is, that these boys are in a
state of pupilage, are under the eye of the Secre-
tary of the Navy and the superintendent at An-
napolis; and it is their duty, whenever they think
it proper, to suggest to Congress the propriety of
an increase of pay for their clothing and rations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not want them to
have one single dollar more than is necessary. I
want to deal economically, and I will accept the
Senator's suggestion to make it §550 for sea-ser-
vice, and let the others be reduced m the same pro-
portion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment as now modified by the mover will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; after line
seventy-eight of the original bill, to insert:
Evety midfhjpman at sea, $550; when on other duty,
$500 ; when on leave of absence, or waiting orders, $4o0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Considering that the sense
of the Senate, I wish to modify the substitute I
offered, by inserting the amendment that has just
Ueen made to the original bill. Let the Clerk in-
sert it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
done by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SLIDELL. The subject of the number of
chaplains in the Navy was very fully considered
in committee,andthecominitiee was unanimously
of opinion that the number was unnecessarily
large. I think that while we are increasing the
pay of the Navy, we should endeavor, to a cer-
tainextentif possible, to correct its abuses. There
are twenty-three chaplains m the Navy, of whom,
if I mistake not, but five are at sea. But two of
them have ever seen more than seven years of sea-
service. They are now placed by this bill on a
footing with lieutenants as to pay. I have no ob-
