1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Federal Government has appropriated money-
over and over again to clear this raft. Ithasfailed
—utterly failed; and the river is nowsubstantially
closed up. There is reason to believe that the
navigation of the river will be utterly ruined by
the timber that floats down annually in the fresh-
ets. Now, sir, here is a simple proposition to
open this river, and to save it, if v.*e can. i agree
with my friends on this side of the Chamber in
regard to the policy of tonnage duties. I am op-
posed to it. But it seems to me here is a case that
lias no parallel to it in the country, and never has
had, and in all human probability never can have.
Therefore, looking at it as simply a practical
question to open a river closed up for nearly forty
miles by a raft, that is growing annually—some
years nearly a mile—I have made up my mind to
vote for it; and therefore I shall vote to take the
time to pass it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Brown, Chesnut, Clark, Critten-
den, Davis, Fossenden, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foster, Green,
Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk,
Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Wjgfall,
and Wilson—29.
NAYS — Messrs. Chandler, Doolittle, Durkee, Gwin,
Hamlin, Harlan, King, Latham, Simmons,'Trumbull,Wade,
Wilkinson, and Yulce—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and all prior
orders-were postponed, for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of the joint resolution.
HOMESTEAD BILL VETO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With the per-
mission of the Senate, the Chair will lay before
the Senate the following communication from the
President of the United States; which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Senate of the United Slates:
I return, with my objections, to the Senate, in
which it originated, the bill entitled "An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain and for other purposes,"presented to me
on the 20th instant.
This bill gives to every citizen of the United
States, "who is the head of a family," and to
every person of foreign birth residing in the coun-
try, who has declared his intention to become a
citizen, though he may not be the head of a family,
the privilege of appropriating to himself one hun-
dred and sixty acres of Government land, of set-
tling and residing upon it for five years; and
should his residence continue until the end of this
period, he shall then receive a patent on the pay-
ment of twenty-five cents per acre, or one fifth of
the present Governmentprice. During this period
the land is protected from all the debts of the set-
tlcr.
This bill also contains a cession to the States
of all the public lands within their respective
limits "which have been subject to sale at pri-
vate entry, and which remain unsold after the
lapse of thirty years." This provision embraces
a present donation to the States of twelve million
two hundred and twenty-nine thousand seven
hundred and thirty-one acres, and will, from time
to time, transfer to them large bodies of such lands
which, from peculiar circumstances, may not be
absorbed by private purchase and settlement.
To the actual settler this bill docs not make an
absolute donation; but the price is so smalt that
it can scarcely be called a sale. It is nominally
twenty-five cents per acre; but, considering this
is not to be paid until the end of live years, it is,
in fact, reduced to about eighteen cents per acre,
or one seventh of the present minimum price of
the public lands. In regard to the States, it is an
absolute and unqualified gift.
1. This state of the facts raises the question
whether Congress, under the Constitution, has
the power to give away the public lands either
to States or individuals. On this question, I ex-
pressed a decided opinion in my message to the
House of Representatives, of the 24th February,
185V), returning the agricultural college bill. This
opinion remains unchanged. The argument then
used, applies, as a constitutional objection, with
greater force to the present bill. There it had the
plea of consideration, growing out of a specific
beneficial purpose; here, it is an absolute gratuity
to the States withoutthepretext of consideration.
1 am compelled, for want of time, in these the last
hours of the session to quote largely from this
message:
"I presume the general proposition will be ad-
mitted, that Congress does not possess the power
to make donations of money already in the Treas-
ury, raised by taxes on the people, either to States
or individuals.
"But it is contended that the public lands are
placed upon a different footing from money raised
by taxation, and that the proceeds arising from
their sale are not subject to the limitations of the
Constitution, but may be appropriated or given
away by Congress, at its own discretion, to States,
corporations, orindividuals, for any purpose they
may deem expedient
"The advocates of this bill attempt to sustain
their position upon the language of the second
clause of the third section of the fourth article of
the Constitution, which declares that' the Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the
territory or other property belonging to the Uni-
ted States.' They contend that, by a fair inter-
pretation of the words 1 dispose of' in this clause,
Congress possesses the power to make this gift
of public lands to the States for purposes of edu-
cation.
"It would require clear and strong evidence to
induce the belief that the framers of the Consti-
tution, after having limited the powers of Con-
gress to certain, precise, and specific objects, in-
tended, by employing the words 4 dispose of,'
to give that botly unlimited power over the vast
public domain. It would be a strange anomaly,
indeed, to have created two funds, the one by tax-
ation, confined to the execution of the enumerated
powers delegated to Congress, and the other from
the public lands, applicable to all subjects, foreign
and domestic, which Congress might designate.
That this fund should be 'disposed of,' not to
pay the debts of the United States, nor ' to raise
and support armies,' nor ' to provide and main-
tain a navy,' nor to accomplish any one of the
other great objects enumerated in the Constitu-
tion; but be diverted from them to pay the debts
of the States, to educate their people, and to carry
into effect any other measure of their domestic
policy. This would be to confer upon Congress
a vast and irresponsible authority, utterly at war
with the well-known jealousy of Federal power
which prevailed at the formation of the Constitu-
tion. The natural intendment would be that, as
the Constitution confined Congress to well-defined
specific powers, the funds placed at their command,
whetherin land or money,should be appropriated
to the performance of the duties corresponding
with these powers. If not, a Government has
been created with all its other powers carefully
limited, but without any limitation in respect to
the public lands."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This message
is in regard to the homestead bill. It is of some
length, and it would be best to have it read just
before the bill is taken up to be disposed of finally;
and I therefore move that, for the present, we
dispense with the reading until the message is
taken up for action.
Mr. HUNTER. The reading is very nearly
through now, and we had better go on with it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the message will be proceeded with.
The Secretary continued, as follows:
" But I cannotso read the words 'disposed of'
as to make them embrace the idea of * giving
away.' The true meaning of words is always to
be ascertained by the subject to which they arc
applied, and the known general intent of the law-
giver. Congress is a trustee under the Constitu-
tion for the people of the United States to ' dis-
pose of' then public lands, and I think I may
venture to assert with confidence, that no case can
be found in which a trustee m the position of
Congress has been authorized to ' dispose of'
property by its owner, where ithas ever been held
that these words authorized such trustee to give
away the fund intrusted to hiscare. No trustee,
when called upon to account for the disposition
of the property placed under his management be-
fore any judicial tribunal, would venture to pre-
sent such a plea in ins defense. The true meaning
of these words is clearly stated by Chief Justice
Taney m delivering the opinion of the court, (19
Howard, p. 43G.) He says, in reference to this
clause of the Constitution: 4 It begins its enumer-
words, making sale of the lands, or raising money
from them, which, as we have already said, was
the main object of the cession,.(from the Stages,)
and which is the first thing provided for in the,
article.' It is unnecessary to refer to the*history
of the times to establish the known fact that this. *
statement of the Chief Justice is perfectly well,
founded. That it never was intended bv the
framers of the Constitution that these iandssnould
be given away by Congress is manifest from the
concluding portion of the same clause. By it,;
Congress has power not only 'to dispose of
the territory, but of the ' other property of the
United States.' In the language of the Chief
Justice, (p. 437:) ' And thesame power of making
needful rules respecting the territory is in pre-
cisely the same language applied to the other
property of the United States, associating the
power over the territory, in this respect, with the '
power over movable or personal property—that
is, the ships, arms, or munitions of war which
then belonged in common to the State sovereign-
ties.'
"The question is still clearer in regard to the
public lands in the States and Territories within
the Louisiana and Florida purchases. These
lands were paid for out of the public Treasury
from money raised by taxation. Now, if Con-
gress had no power to appropriate the money with
which these lands were purchased,is it not clear
that the power over the lands is equally limited?
The mere conversion of this money into land
could not confer upon Congress new power over,
the disposition of land which they had not pos-,
sessed over money. If it could, then a trustee, <
by changing the character of the fund intrusted to *
his care for special objects from money into land,
might give the land away, or devote it to any pur-
pose he thought proper, however foreign from
the trust. The inference is irresistible that this
land partakes of the very same character with the
money paid for it, and can be devoted to no objects
different from those to which the money could
have been devoted. If this were not the case,
then, by the purchase of a new tcnitory from a
foreign Government out of the public Treasury,
Congress could enlarge their own powers, and
appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the land
thus purchased, at their own discretion, to other
and far different objects from what they could
have applied the purchase money which had been
raised hy taxation."
2. It will prove unequal and unjust in itsopera-
tion among the actual settlers themselves.
The first settlers of a new country are a most
meritorious class. They brave the dangers of
savnge warfare, suffer the privations of a frontier
life, and, with the hand of toil, bring the wilder-
ness into cultivation. The " old settlers," as they
are everywhere called, tire public benefactors.
This class have all paid for their lands the Gov-
ernmentprice, or $1 25 per acre. They have con-
structed roads, established schools, and laid the
foundation of prosperous Commonwealths. Is it
just,is itequal, that,after they have accomplished
all tins by their labor, new settlers should come
in among them and receive their farms at the price
of twenty-five or eighteen cents per acre r Surely
the old settlers, as a class, are entitled to at least
equal benefits with the new. If you give the new
settlers their lands for a comparatively nominal
price, upon every principle of equality and justice
you will be obliged to refund out of the common -
Treasury the difference which the old have paid ,
above the new settlers for their land,
3. This bill will do great injustice to the old
soldiers who have received land warrants for their
services in fighting the battles of their country.
It will greatly reduce the market value of these
warrants. Already their value has sunk, for one
hundred and sixty acre warrants, lo sixty-seven
cents per acre, under an apprehension that such
a measure as this might become a law. What
price would they command, when any head of a
family may take possession of a quarter section
of land, and not pay for it until the end of five
years, and then at the rate of only twenty-five
cents per acre > The magnitude of the interest to
be affected will appear in the fact that there are
outstanding unsatisfied land warrants reaching
back to the last war with Great Britain, and even
revolutionary times, amounting, in round num-
bers, to seven and a half million acres
4. Tins bill will prove unequal and unjust in
