356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
tirely new issue. I object to his interruption of
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hold the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman from Virginia,
and whenever he demands it, I will yield it back
to him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman yields
it, then he yields it permanently, and m that case
I claim it.
The CLERK. The Clerk be?s leave to state
that if the gentleman from New York has the floor
by leave of the gentleman from Virginia, then, in
his opinion, the gentleman from Georgia makes
his objection too late.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I want the Clerk
to be notified that I hereafter object to any further
interruptions. Let the gentleman from New York
go on; but I shall object to all others. My objec-
tion is founded upon the fact that that gentleman
spoke an hour and a half, the other day, to show
how we could not be organized, at a time when I
thought there was a prospect for an organization,
and did so, as I then believed, for the purpose of
preventing an organization. The gentleman from
North Carolina asked him, now, a question, to
which he has made no response, but is striking
out to make another speech. It seems my objec-
tion is too late. I object now, and I will be not
too late next time.
Mr. CLARK, of Now York. I shall not, sir,
be tempted to make a speech, nor shall I, upon
this occasion, reply to the observations which
the honorable gentleman from Georgia has been
pleased to make. I wish to present to the serious
consideration of the Democratic members of this
House the question, whether the Kansas contro-
versy is really dead and buried ? Now, sir, 1 will
concede that the Lecompton constitution is dead;
it deserved to die; and when it died, it killed its
authors. But, sir, tin* Kansas controversy is not
by any moans determined, as I understand the
ease; and if I am in * rior, I desire to be set ri;;ht
by gentlemen upon the Dcmocrutie side of the
House, who understand flio issues which will of
necessity arise and be presented to the country ' 
the course of this session of Congres.-. in relation
to that very question. Sir, the hill which passed
both Houses of Congress, and which recei\ed the
assentof the President, commonly* called jhe Kn;;-
lish bill, remains in full ioree, nisi rj>< <i!ed, and
unaffected; and, sir, as ! understand (hat bill, the
application for the- admission of Kansas, whwh
is in fact now pending, and which, as soon as this
[louse is organized, will eome at oiue befoiu it,
will encounter at the threshold the single living
provision of the English bill, the sole sunivtng
relic of that Kansas controversy. JNow, sir, [
wish to be mtormed whether it is, or is not, the
intention of the members of the Democratic oi-
gani7at,ion m tins House to lcsist the application
of Kansas for admission into the Union'1 Sir,
thia is a most mafonal point. In my judgment it
alFeets the action of every one of tho^e live so-called
disorganizinganti-Lrroinpton hnpraeticablo Dem-
ocrats. Sir, I voted against that bill, but I know
that its living provisions not only preclude the
admission of Kansas until her population shall
have been first ascertained by a census to be, equal
to that of the representative ratio, but it precludes
even her application for admission until such
census shall have been first taken.
Mr. DE JARNETTK. When I yielded to the
gentleman from New York, it wow with the dis-
tinct understanding that he would only make a
statement, and not enter into elaborate discus-
sion.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Of course, I
yield the floor, ImJ 1 '"quest th<> gentleman him-
self to inform me whether i! a- or is not tin inten-
tion of those with whom lie cooperates in this
matter of organization, to oppose the application
of the people of Kansas for lunneuiale admission
to the Union, notwithstanding linn numbers
have not been asc'Ttaiued m auordanc.- with ilie
requirement of the English bill5 L< it the in-
tended policy of the Democratic organization in
this House to maintain 'the scheme of that lull,
a' d thus throw anew that Kansas fue-brund into
fhe politics of the country?
Air. DE JARNETTE. The action of myself
an the gentlemen with whom 1 cooperate, upon
that question, will be known when that question
comes before the House. fLang-hrer from rhe
R'-"publican bench, k.1
Mr. Clerk, believing, as I do, that the time for
discussion has passed; that arguments, however
conclusive and logical, in defense of the Consti-
tution and the rights of the South, would fall
upon ears deaf to all reason and all sense of jus-
tice, I feel it only incumbent upon me to define
my position, and to dcciare the purposes of those
whom I have the honor to represent. In doing
this, I shall not speak merely for the party to
which I belong, but I shall speak the sentiments
and purposes of a united people, who, for the
first time in the history of our Government, have
discarded all party obligations and party preju-
dices, and who now present to the country an
undivided and an undeterred front, determined to
assert their constitutional rights and guarantees
umestricted. This is the position, and these the
purposes, of those whom I represent; and in vin-
dication of the correctness of this assertion, I
have only to refer the House to the resolutions
which were adopted unanimously by the Legis-
lature of Virginia, which were submitted to the
House a few days ago by my colleague, [Mr.
Gannett,] and which I will again send to the
Clerk's desk to be read. I will state that those
resolutions were offered by a leading member of
the Opposition party, and were unanimously
adopted by both biatiehes of the Lcgislatuie of
my State.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
uRevived, That we wish to as-me the Uepicscntatives
of this State in Congiev-, m the diliicult circumstances in
which they aie placed, ot the wonn sympathy of this Gen-
em! Assembly in the snuggle in winch they ait engaged,
and ( t our coidial .suppoitoi eveiy proper measure they
may adopt to piotcer the just ri editor ttm State, and of the
South, flu* integrity oi the Union, and the authonty of the
Con- tuution.
" Rcsolrcdy That we iccommend. m view of the public
dangei,thu uiuonol all the elements ot oppo.-mon to Black
Republu anism, and it- candidate for Spoakei,on an> teirns
consistent with fairness and honor, whensoever by such
nmon, us defeat can be accomplished, and the oigamz.ation
oi the House eU'eeied.
k-/icw/jv.'J, That the Governor be requested tofoiwaid
t" oiu Uepicsentutivc* in Con^ier-s a copy oi the--e tesoUi-
liuns.5'
?*Ir. DE JARNETTE. In that regard, I will
here lemark that the Ilepiea. ruatives from Vir-
ginia upon tins hoot, anticipated that action of
the Legislature. They hav<' voted, sii, in good
f.'tth, for member-, of each of the oigani/.ations
v.hieh an Inn woikmg with us to deT< at the
i lection of John Hiikum.w as Spi aker ot this
House.
To show , sir, that the Legislatuie of Virginia
but reflected the public sentiment of my Stale, I
have here a copy of the Richmond Enquirer, re-
ceived yesteiday, containing the proceedings of
meetings, held iriespectivo of party, m over sixty
counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia. A
synoptical sketch of each is given in this paper;
but it < ontam.s, in detail, the pioeeeding.s of only
one county m my di.-.trict—the county of Gooch-
land. i ask the Cleik to ir,>d n.
Tiie Cleik read, ax follows:
"Tin- commute ' thou came in, and Walter D L'-ake.
on behalf oi vu- coniimrti'o, icpoi.ed a piejunhle and tevo-
lution.-, which wetc ie;nl to the meehng, and unanimously
adope d, and ate the lollowmg.
Wlimca^, we love the Linon of those States as it wa«
designed to he b\ the Constitution, we deplore everything
which tend.- to tin eaten it- stability. o« to de-ttoy it--. mutual
blcir-sntgs. We -till love it- gloufuh nu'ii^riiN, mid would
behold its dissolution with ^niow and regi.-t. But we
have an abulias conviction that it can only lie perpetuated
so long a-- it co'itimip.- to be a I'mon vf Tor the
people of the nou-;J uvholding State, to to tei the pieju-
dsco-, to inculcate the fonmncnt-, and t<  cneul<ne the
books again t us and oui ni-Ptutions, which ti'tc—aniv
load to s-m It tica-on i>-!«• nn a-ion oi oui soil a- that which
)) is [U-t taken [il.f e (It Shu pet - Fell}, and to til" -pilling
ol tile blood et h.ei eluldicn m then oun homes, io p>o-
; claim >h.if tl,e\ aie atu i. - and oni'ini"- toour -vnipatluc •,
1 o.n mt"i e-t, and wll-hemg l.a-ge poitions Oi the p 'Oplu
j ot tiie non -l.i\ eholdijiif ^tatc-aie -uioidm" actualnipa-
| tin and . uh-i.a.liat -uppnit to tae dc nuhci-- ot otu peace
and piom, m'v. The o.tr.uu/cd pc>wei o.'mo^to: tto- luie-
1 hue Siate- t- m t'c "• hruids ol i 'n^e who have i ided With the
; icadtiso; a poitticn! pnity wiio avow ti'ehng-: of ho-tihtv
i and hmred i<  u - and oiu nistiKitiouv of' dome:-tiC >Uiwi}.
• Aiul v. hnt-'virofenuM^cjime Kwv nhidin^scnfimesit e\ st--
! at the Noith. sc.-m « uncav u(] "ient to cu'b tiie oi.vvaut
i miueh ot the Oo'jsutui/m hanwr. Biblc-de-pi ms 'aaati-
i < i-nn \\ hrh ha- piaeed it-ch to the wa> of the tnruiv piot -
' pelit\ v)i uce ni-titutioiH in our land. ViiSitiia has acted
j 5so I'anow.^elti.-h poi:c\ in tln^ Contederae\. To btnld up
! the t.'nein siie ha- ^acinic -d u|)o:i ihc altar of the e.nnaion
i good, the iK'lu.Nt and mo-t -ph^iflid leintutj that r>ny State,
; m the world's hintoiy. ever g-uc .twa;.. She ha-s waged
5 no war against the light > oi institution-: ot her^isjtei States.;
j >hc has. a>Kcd foi no hnulen to he placed upon the citizens
j ofoihei* State? for Jiei benefit. Hut to the nortlierri States
| ?!ie has given bouutir\«? for their fisheties and premiums for
: uifir labor t thei. manui^riorfcs have prorpcred by TariiT-?,
and their people grown rich by buidfens we have borne for
them. Viigmia has only asked in return for all this to be
let alone, to have her constitutional rights respected and
observed. But the leturn has been denunciation of her in-
stitutions, inculcation of doctrines hostile to her existence,
avowed determination to oveithiow tliem, eneoiuaffcment
to wicked men to iob us of our pioperty, and the closing
the doors of the courts of justice to ail constitutional re-
diess ; and to give dn ection and point to this hatred of our
constitutional rights, under the veiy Union they hypocriti-
cally pietcnd to reveie, they cast the lowest elements of
abolition and criminal fanaticism into thehoirid work upon
oui own quiet and peaceful sotl, for robbery, assassination,
muider, and treason. And, now, unmmdtul of the scenes
at Ilaiper's Ferry, forgetful of John Biown as he snuggled
alone upon the gallows at Charlcstown, as some little expia-
tion for the crimes of his ctuel, remorseless, imnderous,
unchristian life, though they tfere piompted by their teach-
ings, thev thieaten to give efficiency to then hatred to us
by placing in powci one of their party who has pioclaimed
undying hostility toour domestic institutions. Ii the South
dared to tiy to elevate to power a statesman who*e avowed
object it vias to war upon the constitutional rights of any
section of the Union, it would be an outiage offered to all
the States. This the South has ncvei done—never wanted
to do. It i> an outiage that tins insult should be offered,
thif injuiy proposed to us. by the Sewaid, Black Republi-
can paity. To mibmit to this, would be to turn our backs
upon the Union our latheis made and handed down to U9
a:  a priceless legacv- It therefore behooves u-, tf we would
peip^tuate the Union and preserve the blessing's of liberty,
to mu-e otusolves irom all nppcatancc of mditVeronce ana
leth.ugv, to awake fioin oui supposed political security,
and adopt t tieh mca-uics and take ruch action a  will break
the -polt of noithcin fanatic Urn and teiminate assaults upon
oui ligiits. But if the eai of the North is still to be deaf,
and its eye blind to the boundless glories of the Union, then
wc mu-t'and will take caie of ou^clves: Therefore,
" Resolved, 1. That,looi:ine loan unchangeable union of
these States as the source of oui strength against every foe,
aq posbC<«nig a ' boundless wealth of blessings,' as' indis-
pensable to the well-being and gloiyof each and all,'we
ha\e sactificed otu individual mtciest ui>on the altar of
tlie common good ; wc have waged no wais upon the so-
cial oi domestic institutions of our titter States ; we have
anayed no prejudices against their individual rights; but
we have given them bounties and taufiV to encouiage their
industry and piomote their pio.-peiity—they repaying u-^
with hatied and outiage. We have given them bread,and
they aic attempting to wipe off the obligation by giving us
a stone; wo have given them a fish, and they have repaid
! us with a serpent.
u2. That the election by the non-slaveholding States of
j! any man as Piesident of tins Union, who has proclaimed
[ twit thoie must he an ' nrepie^ible conflict1 with our do-
11 metric institutions, or who aids the circulation of booki
;i which encouiage and adM-c-civile jnsnneetion, or who
11 avows a wai ot extermination aganu-t oui pioperty, j-- the
!1 ole\ .\<-ion to powt i of a pait) who ha.- bcfoiehand avowed
! a dcu'iininafon not to he bound by our bond of union,and
j: is Hioinoiclo inanguiatc a power upon theunnj of the
;■ Constitution, and m a dissolution ot tin-- Uuk.u, and the
!' election new government That\vf will be no parties
11 to nnj Mich n"W goveinment. That the States suppoitmg
1; r-nch new goveinment do theiebv withdiavv from the Con-
fedeiaev established by oui f.ithcr-, and do di.-solvc our
'; connection with tliem; and that we will -uppoitand main-
tain our rights and our ever gloriou- Constitution, uith
> I them, it wc can, v ithout them if tie vtuit Audit i: the duty
j' of our icpiesontativf- m the national, and the State Lcgis-
l' latui cs to look to the futuie,and piepaie toi f-uch an emer-
|i genev. that we ma\ be leadv ioi coming ev.:nt-.
|i ' ;i. The leecnt nivafion of om Iviowd Commonwealth
ij wis ;m nndi-guts-ed as-ault upon our domcrtic m-titutions
h\ eiU/^'ns of om .-!,-fer, nou-clave!',oldutg States, which
; ■ (iulaii^cied no le-s tnc stability and weltare of oui Union,
thao a did tiie peace end pro^pciity oi^pur own State The
i, mail -chcine of the immediate actors m the iniquitous
!, woik uvr the necc^saiy ic^ult of teachings ot foul-hearted,
[i though elevated con-pualoi.-, who contiol the political
I! pu'V'M of the abolition States, and give cluuacter and tone
;i to the leehngs of the Black Republican paity, and who,
! | now, while they disavow the nefaiious plot,because of tho
h failure ot success, coll John Biown, the tlnef and mur-
b deiei, a Iictj and patriot.
|i "'i. That it is the duty of the Legislature now in session
11 to adopt such vncasuics a- .no nccc^sary to sccme to Vir-
j| giniaadMccf tiade wit!i toicign nat'ons, and that we are
! | unwilling am longer to eontohutc to the wealth and power
li of abolition states that aie wnrring upon our lights,
ij '''o. That otn Legishume, bv in'-pection and otiiei laws,
\ \ should piomote otn foreign dncct tiade, and check and
ti euibairass all t.ade and I'lteuoni-e with «-uch States as
I, ha\e ende.oou'd to nullify the fu^ijne ,-lave law,oi which
;1 j)ei11ut then ntizens to suh^ciibe mone\ tf  make   peeches
' and to issue publication-, nn the a\owed puipo-e of ab-
dnetuigoiu - lave-, and meit'ng tliem to m-ubouimation.
••G. Th:>t while vc aie gi.u-ued at the patuotie nt-scm-
| blie- and speeencs nt tiie Xo;tt>, and would i.un hope that
the tide of abohtion i^at its eblh^et we mu^t lequne some
r| moic -ub-tantial i-ecuiitu^ fioin mir a^ic<i5oio betoic we
,' can give thoni the i hand of p^ace and fellowship.
7. That we ui^e upon our Legislature and Governor
the piopuetyof conferring without dclav with the other
ij Snuc-s of the South upon the common cmoigeney which
pic--e- upon u-, and the needful jemedics to he adopted
'! In t'll.
?. Thru we picdge ourselves to co pciate with the Le-
!■ giMatme and with the citizcns of other pomons of our
j| State m ugidly executing against uineiant> the existing
ii laws, and siieh otiicn? as the Legnlatuie may pas<.
II to this end a committee of nvc in each magi -tci jal d;mict
! i 1k  appointed by th" ehantnau to ^oe to such execution ; and
!' fuithei, that an oflicient po!;ce js maintamed m each dis-
}' tnct. And that we i .'commend the immediate oiganization
jj of one or moie vohmtecr eoinpamt-s, one of winch shall be
|| cavalry; and we further recommend that the uniform of
!! sucli companies shall be of domestic materials and of such
co,t a* may !>'> within th-* means- of our citizens generally.
