THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
it's operation, Because, from its nature, it is con-
fined to orie class of our people. It is a boon ex-
clusively conferred upon the cultivators of thesoil.
"Wnilst it is cheerfully admitted that those are the
motet numerous and useful class of oar fellow-citi-
zens, "and eminently deserve all the advantages
which our laws have already extended to. them,
yet there should be no new legislation which
would operate to the injury or embarrassment of
tfte large body of respectable artisans and laborers.
Tire*mechanic who Emigrates to the West, and
pursues his calling, xn'tist labor long before he can
purchase a quarter section of land; whilst the tiller
of the' soil who accompanies him obtains a farm
atdnfc# by the bourtty of the Government.- The
mmiferbus body of mechanics in our large cities
caftnot, even by emigrating to the West, take ad-
vantage of the provisions of this bill without enter-
ing upon a new occupation,.for which their habits
of life have rendered them unfit.
5. This bill is unjust to the old States of the
Union in many respects; and amongst these States,
so far as the public lands are concerned, we may
enumerate every State east of the Mississippi,
with the exception of Wisconsin and a portion of
Minnesota.
It is a common, belief, within their .limits, that
th'e older States of the Confederacy do not derive
theirproportionate benefit from the public lands.
This is not a just opinion. It is doubtful whether
they could be rendered more beneficial to these
States under any other system than that which at
present exists. Their proceeds go into the com-
mon Treasury to accomplish the objects of the
Government, and in this manner all the States are
benefited in just proportion. But to give this
common inheritance away would deprive the old
States of their just proportion of this revenue,
Without holding out any, the least, corresponding
advantage. Whilst it is our common glory that
the new States have become so prosperous and
populous, there is no good reason why the old
States should offer premiums to their own citizens
to emigrate from tnem to the West. That land
of promise presents in itself sufficient allurements
to our youn£ and enterprising citizens, without
any adventitious aid. The offer of free farms
would probably have a powerful effect in encour-
aging emigration, especially from States like Illi-
nois,Tennessee,a«d Kentucky,to the westof the
Mississippi, and could not fail to reduce the price
of property within their limits. An individual in
States thus situated would not pay its fair value
for land when, by crossing the Mississippi, he
could go upon the public lands, and obtain a farm
almost without money and without price.
6. This bill will open one vafetiield for specula-
tion. Men will not pay'$l 25 for lands, when
they can purchase them for one fifth of that price.
Large numbers of actual settlers will be carried
out by capitalists upon agreements to give them
half of the land for the improvement of the other
half. This cannot be avoided. Secret agreements
of this kind will be numerous. In the entry of
graduated lands, the experience of the Land Oifice
justifies this objection.
7. We ought ever to maintain the most perfect
equality between native and naturalized citizens.
They are equal, and ought always to remain equal
before the laws. Our laws welcome foreigners
to our shores, and their rights will ever be re-
spected. Whilst these are the sentiments on
which I have aeted through life, it is not, in my
opinion, expedient to proclaim to all the nations
of the earth that whoever shall arrive in this coun-
try from a foreign shore, and declare hia intention
to become a citizen, shall receive a farm of one
hundred and sixty acres, at a cost of twenty-five
or twenty cents per acre, if he will only reside on
it and cultivate it. The invitation extends to all;
and if this bill becomes a law, we may have nu-
merous actual seflcrs from China, and other east-
ern nations, enjoying its benefits on the great Pa-
cific slope. The bill makes a distinction in favor
of such persons over native and naturalized citi-
zens. When applied to such citizens, it is con-
fined to such as are the heads of families; but
when applicable to persons of foreign birth re-
cently arrived on our shores, there is no such
restriction. Such persons need not be the heads
of families, provided they have filed a declaration i
of intention to become citizens. Perhaps this 1
distinction was an inadvertence; but it is, never-
theless, a part of the bill.
8. The bill createsan unjust distinction between
persons claiming the benefit of the preemption
laws. Whilst it reduces the price of the land to
existing preemptors to sixty-two and a half cents
per acre, and gives them a credit on this sum for
two years from the present date, no matter how
long they may have hitherto enjoyed the land,
future preemptors will be compelled to pay double
this price per acre. There is no reason or justice
in this discrimination.
9. The effect of this bill on the public revenue
must be apparent to all. Should it become a" law,
the reduction of the price of land to actual settlers
to twenty-five cents per acre, with a credit of five
years, and the reduction of its price to existing
preemptors to sixty-two and a half cents per acre,
with a credit of two years, will so diminish the
sale of other public lands as to render the expect-
ation of future revenue from that source beyond
the expenses of survey and management illusory.
The Secretary of the Interior estimated the rev-
enue from the public lands for the next fiscal year
at $4,000,000, on the presumption that the pres-
ent land system would remain unchanged. Should
this bill become a law, he does not believe that
§1,000,000 will be derived from this source.
10. This bill lays the ax at the root of our pres-
ent admirable land system. The public land is an
inheritance of vast value to us and to our descend-
ants. It is a resource to which we can resort in
the hour of difficulty and danger. It has been
managed heretofore with the greatest wisdom,
under existing laws. In this management, the
rights of actual settlers have been conciliated with
the interests of the Government. The price to all
has been reduced from per acre to $1 25 for
fresh lands, and the claims of actual settlers have
been secured by our preemption laws. Any man
can now acquire a title in fee-simple to a home-
stead of eighty acres, at the minimum price of
$1 25 per acre, for $100. Should the present sys-
tem remain* we shall derive a revenue from the
public lands of #10,000,000 per annum, when the
bounty land warrants are satisfied, without op-
pression to any human being. In time of war,
when all other sources of revenue are seriously
impaired, this will remain intact. Itmay become
the best security for public loans hereafter, in
times of difficulty and danger, as it has been here-
tofore. Why should we impair or destroy this
system at the present moment ? What necessity
exists for it5
The peopleof the United States have advanced
with steady but rapid strides to their present con-
dition of power and prosperity. They have been
guided in their progress by the fixed principle of
protecting the equal rights of all, whether they be
rich or poor. No agrarian sentiment has ever
prevailed among them. The honest poor man,
by frugality and industry, can, in any part of our
country, acquire a competence for himself and his
family, and in doing this he feels that he eats the
bread of independence. He desires no charity,
either from theGovernmentorfrom his neighbors.
This bill, which proposes to give him land at an
almost nominal price, out of the property of the
Government, will go far to demoralize the people,
and repress this noble spirit of independence. It
may introduce among us those pernicious social
theories which have proved so disastrous in other
countries. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, June 22, I860.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I hope we shall
proceed now to take a vote on this subject with-
out debate, because the session is near at an end,
and it is impossible to take it up and debate it.
Of course, if a debate is commenced on one side
of it, it will be continued on the other. I hope
we shall have a vote upon the message. I only
wish to observe that, when this bill passed finally,
I believe there were but two votes against it m
the Senate; and I hope Senators will stand by the
opinion they then expressed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am in hopes
that the Senate will proceed to the reconsideration
of this measure without any discussion. I am
free to say though, that there is much that I would
like to say m connection with, or in answer to the
veto message which has just been read at the Sec-
retary 's table; but I am prepared to suppress that,
and am willing that the Senate shall proceed at
once to the consideration of the bill returned by
the Executive with the veto. I hope that we can
have action upon it without the further consump-
tion of time. The session has nearly expired.
"But a short time remains before we must close
our deliberations here, and I hope wo shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill without any
discussion whatever.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask the
Chair if there is business depending now before
the Senate, and if it is precluded by the introduc-
tion of this message ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that the message is now before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN and Mr. WADE. Let us vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Vote on what?
On my bill >
Mr. WADE. On the homestead bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I cannot agree
to that. If it is necessary to do so, I am not
ready now; but still I will go into a discussion of
that matter. This homestead bill has been changed
wholly and entirely from what it was when the
Senate passed it. i never would have consented
to bring in the homestead bill in the shape in
which it now stands. It is not such a bill as I
could sanction at any time with my honest judg-
ment of what is for the interest of the country
and what is a just and liberal dealing by the ac-
tual settlers. I do not want to ^o into that mat-
ter just at this momentyand I will ask the Senate
to postpone it. ["Oh,no!M] Then I will make
a proposition which shall be a test of the sense
of the Senate, and I hope it may be obtained to
be as full as possible, and I will not further de-
bate it. I make amotion that the further consid-
eration of this bill and the veto message be post-
poned until the first Monday of December next.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust that the postpone-
ment will be agreed to, and for the simple reason
that I doubt whether ten gentlemen of the Senate
have heard the reasons of the veto. I hardly think
there are ten in the Senate who can now give the
reasons which are assigned in the veto for overrul-
ing the bill. It is a very important measure, in
which my State particularly, with other land
States, is interested. I voted for the measure
with a great deal of reluctance and hesitation. It
was not such a bill as I could altogether approve,
and I desire an opportunity of reading the reasons
of the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill, together with the veto message
returning it to the Senate, until the first Monday
of December next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that proposition the
yeas and nays were demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tin; Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to say, with the con-
sent of the Senate, that I intend to vote for the
postponement; but in doing so, I wish it distinct-
ly understood that I am not in favor of the veto.
I shall vote against it, if it comes up now, or if it
comes up in December. I vote for the postpone-
ment now, because I believe that if we take up the
veto message it will lead to a discussion, and I
think there are important questions that ought to
be disposed of by Congress between this and the
time of adjournment. I vote "yea."
Mr. LANE. I wish to say that, for the rea-
sons given by the Senator from California, 1 vote
" yea."
Mr. KING. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Seward] is paired off with the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond.]
Mr. SLIDELL. I am paired off with the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Bingham.] 1 should
vote for the postponement.
The result was then announced—yeas 19, nays
26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bras#. Brown, Chesnut, Crittenden,
Davis, Gieen, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Lane,Latham, Mallory.Mason, Pearce, Folk, Powell, Se-
bastian, Toombs, and Yuloe—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hale, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kins, Nichol-
son, Pugh, Rice, Simmon*, Sumner, Ten EycSc, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is, Shall the bill pass, the
