THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. KITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Se/sioh.
i'
MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1860.
New Series No. 205.
ntrary notwith-
jections of the President to tl
standing? .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask the
Secretary to read the last conference report. I
was not here at the time, and I wish to have it
read. I have heard of its character from report;
bat I have not even had an opportunity to see it.
I believe I know its substance^ but 1 should be
glad to have it read.
Mr. TOOMBS. It does not make any differ-
ence.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I want it read
on account of certain points to which I desire to
call the attention of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that it is not on the
table; but he has sent for it to the office of the
Secretary*
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I will
state it from memory, and call the attention of the
Senate to it. When thts bill was undertaken, it
was undertaken with a view to put it in such a
form that it eould receive the support of both sides
of this Chamber, especially where previously it
had been fought with the greatest and strongest
opposition. It was undertaken with the sincerest
desire to reach a practical measure. It was be-
lieved by the Committee on Public Lands that
they had attained that object. The full reasons
were explained before the Senate at the time, and
the Senate finally concurred in them, and the bill
passed by a very decided majority; over forty
members of the Senate, I believe, voting for it, to
some seven or eight against it. As the bill passed
here, there were provisions made as to classes of
persons and classes of lands, and also provisions
that should reach the general land system. The
laws were assimilated together in such a way as
would operate well; and whilst they extended lib-
eral advantages, and very decided advantages, to
the actual settlers throughout the new States and
Territories, they also protected the Treasury to
that degree that those who brought the bill for-
ward did not believe it would do a serious damage
or constitute a loss to the Treasury at all, in fact.
In the condition in which it now stands, the class
of persons entitled under it has been extended to
a point where, undoubtedly, it has been found that
a door was open to fraud which has been entered
by great numbers hitherto. That was yielded in
the committee of conference in the first place, and
was deemed to be a very important concession to
the committee on the part of the House. To that
I assented, and would assent yet; but still I feltit
was a very great concession to extend it beyond
the heads of families, to whom the grant of the
homestead privilege was fust intended to extend,
and to carry it to individuals of the age of twenty-
one years.
The nextpoint upon which there was difficulty
was in regard to the class of land. According to
the original bill as it passed the Senate, the home-
stead privilege to enter upon lands and to hold
them for five years without payment, and then to
pay for them at the rate of twenty-five cents an
acre, was extended only to that class of lands
which had been once offered at public sale, and
were thereafter subject to sale at private entry.
It was confined to that class of lands which were
subject to sale at private entry, at $1 25 an acre.
On all those lands m the United States, and there
are many million of acres of them, it was al-
lowed that actual settlers should go and reside
for five years without paying any tiling during that
time, and at the end of five years could pay their
twenty-five cents an acre, and take the lands. The
change which has been made in this bill in that
particular has been to extend it beyond the land
subject to sale at private entry, and carry it to
the whole public domain. I am not certain, as I
have not yet heard the conference report read,
whether it is confined to lands which have been
surveyed, or to all public lands surveyed or un-
surved which have not been offered at public sale.
If any one can state to me how that is, I should
be glad to know.
Mr. RICE. It is upon all surveyed land.
205
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
Instead of lands which'have been surveyed, and
have been offered at public sale, and are now sub-
ject to sale at private entry at $1 25 an acre, the
homestead privilege now includes all that portion
of the public domain which has been actually
surveyed, but never has been offered at public
sale. Those lands that have been surveyed and
have not been offered at public sale are lands that
have riot been picked and pulled; and where all
the choice lands are subject to be put out to the
highest bidder; they cannot bring less than $1 25
an acre, and may bring as high as twenty or
twenty-five dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. To aid my friend in the line of
his argument, 1 will say that it is confined to al-
ternate sections which have not been offered for
sale.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will come to
that directly.
It is, then, allowed, as I understand, that they
shall go on to these surveyed lands. Now I call
the attention of the Senate, and I called the atten-
tion of the committee of conference to it at the
time I was a member of it, that the definition,
which is restrictive apparently, is no restriction
at all. On the contrary, whenever they speak of
,a minor class there, they speak of a class that is
compelled ultimately to embrace the larger class,
for the surveyed lands are ultimately compelled
to embrace the unsurveyed before they can reach
the point where they can be offered at public sale.
Under these circumstances, all the public unsur-
veyed lands are to pass through the ptocess of
survey, and become subject then, consequently,
before Lhey have been offered to see what their
real value is, or what they will bring to the Treas-
uiy,to be granted under the homestead privilege
at twenty-five cents an acre, and at five years'
credit at that. Thus, it will be seen, it is not
a confinement at all of the operation of the home-
stead privilege to the surveyed lands; for those
who may desire to have the benefit of the home-
stead pnvdege,and will go upon those lands that
are unsurveyed, can do so, and, if undisturbed by
the General Government, remain as long as they
please, and wait until such time as they have been
surveyed to be brought into market; "from which
time the period of five years will commence to
run, so that it gives them an additional credit upon
the unsurveyed lands, still longer than five yeais.
This is the practical operation of it.
Then, 1 understand it is tiue, as my attention
was called to it by the Senator from Mississippi,
that it is confined to alternate sections. It is con-
fined to alternate sections: and why? Why should
it be extended beyond the mere land subject to
sale at private entry at all ? It is for the sense of
Congress to determine whether this policy shall
be adopted at all. It is plain enough to be seen
that there are one half of the public lands at once,
that have never been olfeted at public sale at all,
that are put out to all such as choose to go on
them, to take them at once at twenty-five cents
an acre, and five yeais' credit where it has been
surveyed, and an unlimited credit where it has not
been surveyed. That is the condition, practically,
in which this matter presents itself so far as the
class of lands are concerned. In taking the alter-
nate sections, u becomes one half of the entire
public domain.
Next, as to preemption: the bill which passi d
this body did not interfere with preemptions, but
left them the same, except in this particular: that
there might be the utmost liberality shown to
those who had been living upon the public lands,
until they had built up counties, towns, and even
States, and did not pay anything for them at all;
1 and in order that none should be taken by sur-
j prise, two years, by the terms of the bill, were
I allowed to those who had the preemptions on the
i unoffered lands within the different States and
j Territories, within which time to make the money
; and come forward and pay for the property at
j £1 25 an acre. As it is now, instead of continuing
i it m that position, they strike down on half, in
I fact upon all, who are now entitled to preemption
upon these lands that have never yet been offered
at public sale. The very best lands have Jheen
taken up throughout the several States and Ter-
ritories, and preemption^ are now secured by the
parties. The money, at $1 25 an acre, has not
been paid; and they have urgently pressed it upon
the Government here, and compelled the Govern-
ment to delay demanding payment, as well as to
keep the lands out of market, so that they could
have the full possession and enjoyment of them.
They have had it for many years,and two years
more were given them by the Senate bill; but,
according to this proposition, as it comes from
the conference, they have stricken down those
lands they have had so long at $1 25 an acre, to
one half, which is sixty-two and a half cents an
acre. This is to be put on over sixty million acres
of surveyed lands. On the 1st of December last
there were fifty-seven million acres. I am not
certain how much there is now, but I know there
are over sixty million—I am not certain but that
they amount to sixty-seven or sixty-eight mil-
lion; and this law is now made to operate ypon
every actual settler who is entitled to a preemp-
tion upon them. Within these limits, I feel well
assured there cannot be found less than ten mil-
lion acres of public lands that are now subject to
preemption. If the Government had discharged
its duty, as I regard it, or were to discharge it
to-day, in three months'timc #1 25per acre upon
ten million acres of land would be paid into the
Treasury of the United States. That would be con-
sidetably over twelve million dollars. I sincerely
believe, from all the investigations 1 have been
able to make, that the amount of ten million acres
is a low estimate, or at least it is but a fair esti-
mate, of the lands which are now hT?ld by pre-
emption, and which could be made to realize to the
Government $1 25 an acre within three months,
if the Government would bring them into market
under the present law.
Now this bill makes a proposition which I pre-
sume scarcely a Senator here would recognize as
just and fair, and the results of which he would
not foresee at once. This bill proposes to reduce
to th-eso preemptioners the price of the lands to
sixty-two and a half cents an acre where it is
$1 25, if they have got preemptions now; but to
all men who shall have preemptions hereafter, it
leaves them—in what condition ? That they shall
come forward under that law and pay $1 25. That
is not the right way to legislate. If the design is
to reduce the price one half to those entitled to
preemptions now, and who have wealth enough to
constitute towns, counties, and States, and if it is
right to reduce it to them, certainly it must be
right to reduce it to all those entitled to preemp-
tions throughout the United States. So sure as
we agree now that the lands which are subject to
preemption, and on which are now due $1 25 an
acre, shall be reduced to sixty-two and a half
cents for the present settlers and the present pre-
emption claimants, just so sure will Congress be
compelled, by every successive yearly class of
.settlers, to give them the same relief that has been
given to those that went before them; and instead
of its being a mere temporary expedient, called
for by mercy, called for oy charity, that is a de-
lusion, and it will become the permanent policy
of this Government. I do not know that I make
myself distinctly understood upon it. I believe I
understand it myself. It is utterly unjust to those
who come hereafter. Those who are entitled to
preemptions, and have not paid for them, we au-
thorize to take them at sixty-two and a half cents
an acre; and those who go upon the same class
of lands to-moirow, and who will be entitled,
within twelve months, to prove by preemption,
shall then pay $1 25. There is no kind of justice
m it. That is one strong feature in this bill as it
was brought forward by the last conference that
was held upon it.
Then, as to the point which I was stating in
regard to the heavy amount of land that is now
< subject to preemption, and that the Government
| may offer at public sale, and within three months
1 realise §1 25 an acre upon, I feel sure there are
