1360.
TgE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aud tiiat after tlie stock of goods now in the hands of Vir-
ginia merchants shall have been disposed of, wcwill pur-
chase no article manufactured in the northern States, or
sold by AboKtionistsor their agents ; nor will wetiarlewith
any meiehants who will not avow their purpose not to pur-
chase of Abolitionists or northern merchants, and honestly
adheic to it; and we recommend to the people of the coun-
ty and State generally, both male and female, to adopt, as
far as practicable, the use of wearing apparel of southern
manufacture.
" 9. That the Legislature ought to make such additions
to our penal laws as will guard us against the evils of tile
northern vagrants and incendiaries.
" 10. That tlie preservation of the rights and protection
of the honor of the South are recognized by this meeting
as paramount to all questions of party politics, and we de-
nounce as traitoious to the South every course of policy
which, for the sake of preserving or strengthening party or-
ganizations, would compromise or sink any question con-
nected with slavery, and that is a constitutional right of
the South in ielation liieieto, or would dodge an assertion
of the full right? ot the South in patty platforms, for the
salve of conciliating northern men, or' seeming northern
votes.
11. That the educational facilities afforded bysouthcrn
schools and colleges aic so complete that the people of the
South ought no longer to send then- sons and daughters to
the North to be educated ; or to employ as tcnclicis, either
male or female, &uch as come from the northern or other
abolition States.
"12. That our Delegate and Senator m the Legislature
be icque&toil to give these mattois their attention; and if
the oidmaiy length of their session does not ailowfulltsmo
for the consideianon of the subject, and the passage of all
pioper laws in the premises, that they advocate, foi the pur-
pose, an extension of the session.
"13. That we tender our thanks to Henry A. Wise, the
Governor ofthe Commonwealth of Virginia, for the wisdom,
boidness, energy, prudence, and patriotism he has. displaj ed
in the execution of the duties devolved upon him by "the
aflair at I-larpei's Ferry; and that, as Virginians, we feel
proud of his statesmanship.
. " 14. By William Fontaine, Esq. : That we will cheer-
fully bear such increase of taxation as may be necessary to
arm the State.
" 15. By Geoige F, Harrison, E*q.: That the citizens of
this county be lespcetfully petitioned to contribute aceoid-
mg to their ability to do so, to a fund for the support of vol-
unteer companies wttiuu the county, and that a committee
of two in each ma^stcnial di&tuct be appointed by the chair-
man to solicit and receive contributions.
,£ 10. By Itev. Joseph itock: Thatatifasurcr be appointed
by the chaiiman to lake chanic ol theiund that may Ik* col-
lected by the committee for the suppoit of voiunteci com-
panies."
Mr. DE JARNETTXC. Such, sir, is the posi-
tion, and such the purposes, of the people of Vir-
ginia. Jmpelledby a sense of duty to themselves
and their posterity, they arc determined in the
future to demand all their guarantied rights, and to
repel by force any violation of them. I do not
desire to create upon this House the impression that
this position is assumed from sudden impulse, or
from the just and deep indignation felt by them for
the invasion of Virginia by John Brown; for itis
the result of a careful observation, on their part, of
this steadily advancing aggression by the North.
We have, sir, with silent, but sleepless vigilance,
noticed every advance; we have yielded to these ag-
gressions for the sake of the Union, which we have
loved because it was the work of our forefathers.
Such a Union as they made and handed down to
us, we will still love and defend; but, sir, until
that Constitution is restored; until that spirit of
equality and justice which is as essential now as
it was then to its being is brought back, I shall
make no appeal to my people, but to th^u* sense
of wrong, their pride, and their wounded honor.
How can I, sir, when !hey know, when the coun-
try knows, that the Black Republicans upon this
floor boldly assert that their object and purpose is
to drive us of the South from all the territories now
belonging to the Government, or which may here-
after be acquired ? We, of the South, have never
yet asserted our superiority over the North; but
the last lesson we can be made to learn, and the last
emotion wc can be made to feel, is that of inequality.
The expulsion of the South from the territories of
the Government—territories acquired by the joint [
blood and treasure of us all, can only be done upon j
the hypothesis that we of the South are unequal, f
This purpose of thus expelling us from the ter- j
ritories of the Government is the very first, and j
the only idea, upon which this Black Republican j
party and its organization is founded. They have I
discarded all the issues which ha\e heretofore J
divided the great political parties of the country; \
and they now absolutely declare their purpose to I
cooperate with all who war upon the South and j
its institutions. 1 |
At first, this organization excited no feeling of j
uneasiness at the South. Wc could not believe j
that a party having no distinct principles upon I
which they proposed to administer the Govern- 1
ment could long survive. We could not believe
that a party with no other object than a crusade
upon the South and her institutions could survive
the just indignation of the Constitution4oving
men of th^North. But, sir, the presence of one
hundred and twelve Black Republicans upon this
floor shows how utterly fallacious that hope was.
These men represent an aggregate constituency of
twelve million of people, who declare that their
object, their purpose, and their intention, is to drive
the South from all the territories belonging to the
Government. That is the issue. So confident are
they of accomplishing their purpose; so reliant are
they upon their eighteen millions to lash us into
submission—and I will here remark that such an
argument may be potent and conclusive a^the
North, but it is one th*g, wc of the South shall never
regard; so confidontare they ofaccomplishing their
object, relying, as they do, upon the force of num-
bers to accomplish it, now that the South is thus
surrounded and all hope of expansion or escape
is cut oft, they declare that the irrepressible con-
flict has begun, and that, fur the future, this Gov-
ernment shall have all slave or all free labor. That
is the position assumed 'by the leaders and repre-
sentative men of the Black Republican party; and
their followers upon this floor arc trying "to in-
dorse it by the election of John Sherman, who
indirectly indorsed John Brown in indorsing the
Helper book. Sir, it is against that doctrine and
that damning heresy that we of the South have
taken up arms, and—I speak only for Virginia-^
we will never surrender them until this Black Re-
publican party is disbanded and its purposes are
disavowed by the people of the North. You may
boast of your eighteen millions to accomplish your
purpose, and point to the eight millions of people
at the South. If war is to come—and that can be
the only result, if you are bent on the accomplish-
mentof vourobjects—and if thiaUnion is doomed
lo perish,the historian who in future years records
the <" \ ents which led to that calamitous result, will
devote hi* first chapter to the aggressions of the
North. We have never claimed au^ht but our
constitutional guarantees—the rights clearly given
to us by the plain and express provisions of the
Constitution, if for them wu must fight; if we
must light in defense of our hearths, our families,
and bur rights, let me appeal to you, in the name
of humanity, let me appeol to you as brave men,
not to war upon the defenseless women and chil-
dren of the South. Go home and sound your
reveille and summon your hosts, and when the
last man is behind your intrenchments and you
are ready, we will come, and our only regret will
be that you had no more for us to fight.
Sir, I have no sympathy with that doctrine,
which I have heard expressed upon this floor, that
if the North oranyStateof thisUmon,in the exer-
cise of its sovereignty, for reasons which to itself
seem sufficient, choos'es to withdraw from this Con-
federacy, they are to be lashed into submission.
When the compact which formed this Confederacy
is violated, each State falls back into its original po-
sition—into the exorcise of its sovereignty and its
inalienable rights. Violate the laws which govern
the material world, and its elements are no longer
subject to the control which makes the vsystem.
Violnte the organic law of our existence as'aCon-
federacy.and each element composing it is as free
from constraint as the winds of heaven. That'
law you of the North have violated. We have
heretofore submitted. We have acquiesced in and
borne a denial of justice. We have done more.
Wc have borne your aggressions on the rights
guarantied to us by the plain provisions of the
Constitution; we have yielded to these aggressions
for the sake of the Union; we have acquiesced m
one-sided compromises, and whittled away our
constitutional guarantees until our love for the
Union has been ascribed to stupidity and our sub-
mission lo cowardice. You of the North have
stolen our property, and when our citizens have
gone Noilh in search of the thieves, you have
insulted, harassed, imprisoned, and sometimes
brutally murdered them. Not content with rob-
bing us of $15,000,000 worth of slaves, the de-
scendants of those slaves which our f'athei s bought
from your fathers—the money thus transferred
to you for the purchase of those slaves now con-
stituting the basis of the capital employed in
your northern factories; not content with taxing
the labor of the descendants of those slaves in
order to increase the profit? tipon that capital- not
content with this, you have sent hired emissaries
from the North to claim and receive the generous
hospitality of the South, in order that you might
gain access to our slaves to incite them to rap&e
insurrection, and murder. Failing in all this, you
then send John Brown, with all tjie munitions of
war, to murder our citizens in the dark and Silent
hours of the night. And your followers, on ihi|
floor are required, by the election of John Sher-
man, to indorse that action.
This irrepressible-conflict doctrine is, for the
future, to be the "shibboleth" ofthe Republican
party; and you desire to place over our delibera-
tions here, a living- representative of the irrepress-
ible-conflict doctrine. Thus you seek to make
Mr. Sherman, who is the representative of that
doctrine,the Speakerof this House. Against this
we solemnly protest. You laugh at our protest,
and significantly point to your eighteen millions
of people. Thus you run so far in advance of
the Constitution in your aggressions on the South,
that even your Pharisaical devotion to it will not
permit you to quote it as authority for your ex-
actions, but openly avow intention to resort to
force. But I warn you, not in any spirit of menace,
but in the spirit of one who loves his country, that
you have gone already further than wc can or will
permit you. You have reached that point at which
outraged humanity ceases to reflect upon the eon-
sequcnces of its action. Nor will we meekly and
submissively ask for the maintenance and protec-
tion of our rights guarantied by the Constitution;
we will demand them. Virginia will never again
consent to be a suppliant where she has equal
rights.
Then, sir, if you choose to place this Govern-
ment under the control of this higher-law party;
that party which is to-day trampling upon the
rights of a portion of the States in this Union;
which is now acting in violation of the Constitu-
tion; that party which is to-day living in open
rebellion to the Constitution and laws oi the coun-
try; then, do what I know your purpose is, elect
W iluam H. Sew ann as President of this Repub-
lic. Notwithstanding all the eloquent gentlemen
from Ohio [Mr. CorwinJ has said, knowing: that
Mr. Seward is the tepresentative even of all the
heresies of the North, and consequently that he
was the man best calculated to secure the position
of President of the United States in the Republi-
can party, he thought it expedient in the exercise
of that conservatism for which I understand him,
nt, home, to be remarkable in that party, to under-
take to make it appear in this House that if Mr.
Seward were to be elected he would disregard
the doctrines which he now holds, and the doc-
trines of the party which elects him, and that
the election to that high post would make him a
national conservative man; I say that notwith-
standing this effort upon the part of the gentleman
from Ohio to make it so appear, we in Virginia
I know better, for we have a record of Mr. Seward
j when lia occupied a high official position in his
i own State.
I I will remark, before I ask the Clerk to read from
that record, in order that the House may under-
stand it, that, in 1839, Peter Johnson, Edward
Smith, and Isaac Gansey, citizens of New York,
i carried off from Norfolk, in the State of Virginia,
! a fugitive slave. They were-followed and arrested
■ in New York; but, on a writ of habeas corpus,they
j were discharged from custody. The Governor of
! Virginia immediately issued a requisition on the
j Governor of New York, who was at that time,
i William H. Seward, for the-delivery of these
i persons into the custody of Virginia. But, in
! order to give the House a more full comprehen-
sion of this correspondence, I will here pass over
this ease, and state that, in ls41, a citizen of New
York committed forgery, und with that instinct
peculiar to our northern friends—to the Yankee—
knowing of this difficulty between New York and
Virginia, sought refuge in our State. He was
arrested; and immediately upon his arrest followed
a requisition of Governor Seward. The Gov-
ernor of Virginia refused to deliver up the fugi-
tive from justice in New York, until Governor
Seward had returned the parties demanded by the
Governor of Virginia charged with kidnapping
slaves. It is upon this point that the correspond-
ence to which f refer took place. I ask the Clerk
to read the passage which I have marked.
