3266
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
at least ten million acres of them; and when you
shairhave stricken off sixty-two and a half cents
from the price, leaving remaining but sixty-two
and a half cents to be paid, you will have cut out
from the Treasury*, and have cast away, some
seven or seven and a half million dollars that you
can as well have in the Treasury in ninety days
as any that you now have there. That is one
provision of this bill; and whilst the Treasury
is in its present condition, and the country is com-
plaining constantly of want of means, and of heavy
expenditures, and even of expenditures that are
necessary, I do not think it is proper that we
should commence in tins loose style to castaway
many millions. There is no question of the fact
that the reduction upon these ten million acres
made by this bill must make a difference of over
seven million dollars, or about seven million, for
I cannot now count it in my head. 1 will not be
positive about it; but certainly it is a very large
gum that is thrown away by this provision. I
do not think the Senate was aware of it when they
passed the bill upon the conference report. If I
had been here, I should have been compelled to
oppose it. 1 was not here, and I did not desire
to interfere with this bill any further. But I am
here now, and it is pressed, and I am compelled
to make these statements, and to state further, in
regard to it, that I cannot consent to support the
bill at all in its present shape. I believe the veto
is well put.
I know, Mr. President, that there are a num-
ber of points here which I have had no chance to
look at. I have been absent from the city, and
only reached here since day-light this morning.
I have not seen the message. I had no chance to
hear it whilst it was being read, I am informed
it contains many points. I doubt if a single Sen-
ator here has gone through with that message, or
can ev"en signify all the points that are made in it.
I do not even know that the message touches the
points to which I have now alluded; yet those
points, I know, are grave, and demand serious
attention. 1 cannot believe that the bill can be
passed over the Executive veto, even after this
alight statement, which f know to be very imper-
fect, on my part.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas asked for the reading of the re-
port of the committee of conference. The Chair
will inform him that it is now in the possession
of the Secretary, and will be read, if he de-
sires it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I will
ask for the reading* of it, for I have never heard it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Mr. Johkson, of Tennessee, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill <53. -No. 416) to secure homesteads to actual pettlers on
the public domain, and for other purposes, made the fol-
lowing repot t:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 416) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain, and for
other purpose*, having met, and alter a fuii and ftee con-
ference, have agreed to jceommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House of Ueprescnatotives do recede from its
disagreement to the bill ot the Senate, and agree to the
said biil of the Senate (No. 416) with the following amend-
ments :
Section one, line eleven. Strike out the word " and."
Section one, lines twelve and thirteen. Strike out the
words a and become subject of private entry."
Section one, line nineteen. After the word u register"
Insert the words, " or receiver of said land office."
* Section one. At the end thereof insert:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be so con-
strued as to embrace, or in any way include, any quarter
section or fractional quarter section of land upon which
any preemption right has been acquired prior to the pas-
sage of tins act: Jlnd provided jurthcr, That all entiies
made under the provisions of this section, upon lands which
have not been offered lor public *ale, shall be confined to
and upon sections designated by odd numbers.
Section seven. At the end thereof, insert:
Provided, further, That all persons who are preomptors
on the date of the passage of this act shall, upon the pay-
ment to the proper authority of sixty-two and one half
cents per acre, if paid within two years from the passage
of this act, be entitled to a patent from the Government, as
now provided by the existing preemption laws.
Strike out section eight.
Section ten, line nine. After the word "time" insert
the words " aftertheactual settlement of six months and."
And that the Senate do agree to the same.
ANDREW JOHNSON,
SIMON CAMERON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
WILLIAM WINDOM.
Managers on the part of the Houses.
Mr. JOHNSON} of Arkansas. Before taking
my scat, I wish to say that I find there are sev-
eral points in that report to which there are very
serious objections. Every Senator here knows
how* utterly impossible it is, on the reading of a
document which is constituted of a bill and then j
of interpolations and amendments, to get a clear
and distinct understanding of it from his scat, in
the noise of this Chamber. I can best under-
stand those objections when I sit down with
the bill and amendments before me, and compare
them deliberately; and even then, for my own
understanding, I prefer to have them in my room
by myself. There is no opportunity for any-
thing of this kind now. I will not attempt to go
into what I discover in several instances in the
reading of the report, and which I should regard
as serious objections to the bill, and which I never
would have' agreed to on a conference, and to
which I can never counsel the Senate to agree. I
will not go into a discussion, or attempt to go
into a discussion of it. It is sufficient to say that
there is matter enough there to constitute objec-
tions to the bill to which no Senator, no matter
how able he may be to condense whatever he
may have to say, could do justice to m less than
three hours on this floor.
Then, there is nothing more left for me than to
pass it by, and to signify that I had seriously
thought this should have been postponed until
next December, in order that we might all under-
stand it fully; but the Senate has declined to do
that; and therefore, I shall permit it to go. I can-
not do so, ho"\vever, without signifying that, in
the first instance, when we piocecdcd to cict on
this measure, it was with an effort to frame a biil
consistent with the public interest, and yet be
good for the public lands and afford relief to the
settlors; and I went into that work with as single
a heart as any one could carry to a service of that
or any other description. I found the Senator
from Tennessee occupying the same position; and
when I found him so, it induced me to enter upon
it in that spirit myself. I never believed before
that he and myself could come to any terms what-
ever in regard to the homestead bill. In the prog-
ress of it, that bill was woiked out. That bill
has now been marred; it has been destroyed by
the exactions that have been made upon this body
by the House of Representatives; and, I believe,
against the judgment and opinions of Senators on
the other side. The Senators on the other side
gave their support to this bill, believing there was
much good to be found in it; that great good was
done by it; and that they had better take that than
run the risk of the event which is now upon us
—a veto, and the loss of the entire measure. But
those who had control of the House of Repre-
sentatives were determined,as I believe upon my
soul, for political purposes, to have the voice of
the Executive and the exaction of hispower against
those people; and when they could subserve their
interests, they chose to sacrifice them for a polit-
ical purpose. I cannot speak of it nor think of
it but with a spirit of indignation such as I think
any one, who has looked at this transaction from
beginning to end, ought to feel; and I consider it
as unworthy of the high places they fill. I sat in
conference with some of them, (and t never saw
more intolerance;) when, if we could have yielded
to them what they sought, they must have known
it would not have become a law. When they
could not but be conscious that they were exact-
ing what one branch of this Government could
not and would not, if we believed all prior decla-
rations, ever consent to, they still insisted upon
it; and they would not hear to reason; although
they knew that the head of that conferencc com-
mittee, the Senator from Tennessee,sympathized
with them, and wanted what they wanted, but
could not come up to it himself, becausc of the
fact that he believed it was a lost bill so soon as
it passed both branches of Congress. That was
the condition of this matter. They could not trust
the very father of the homestead measure, and
accept the good that could have been done to those
actual settlers; and these preemptors in the States
of Minnesota, Iowa, and others, are now left in
such a condition that their lands are now liable
to be sold out, or ordered into market in ninety
days and put up to be sold, when the bill, as it
passed the Senate, would actually have given
them a credit of two years further.
Not only did the Senate bill do this,but it pro-
duced a system among the public laws, assigning
to their special duties the preemption laws, and
to the homestead its special duties also. Ail those
lauds that were unoflered, and yet might be sold
to the highest bidder and bring more than $1 25
an acre, were subjected to the preemption laws
that required $1 25 an acre; and. all those lands
that have been offered at public sale, and were
now subject to entrwat $1 25 an acre, or subject
to graduation at price, the provision of the
homestead bill reduced to twenty-five cents an
acre, and gave them live years for payment.
These are among the benefits that were pro-
vided for in that bill; and there was in it a secu-
rity against the power which the Government
might exercise in regard to these settlers which
its necessities might command of it. That bill
secured those parties in the new States, in the
first place. These were the provisions which
commanded the support of the other side of the
Senate when that bill was passed; and yet the
House of Representatives, for no other reason
that I can see that is consistent with any kind of
sense, on account of a political object—to coerce
the Executive to veto the measure—rejected that
bill and destroyed it by demanding more than
they knew would or could be granted.
Such, Mr. President, is the condition in which
we find this bill, and the pass to which it is now
brought. The Senator from Tennessee labored
hard to get them to come to a bill which we could
have some hope would become a law. The Sen-
ators on the other side appreciated the force of
this, and they passed the Senate bill, in conjunc-
tion with the Democratic party on this side. It
went to the House of Representatives, and, after
long counsel and consideration, they struck the
whole of it out, and inserted the original House
bill, which they well knew, and both sides of
this Senate well knew, would be a dead letter the
moment it was adopted by us, because the Execu-
tive never would consent to suffer it to become a
law. They will have to answer for it to those
people who now suffer in those new countries.
There was a bill passed by this body which was
beneficial to them—a good bill, as far as the
other people of the United States were con-
cerned, for it was reasonable and fair and effi-
cient, as regarded the Treasury and the public
interests. That bill has been lost. It must be
answered for by those who have done this; and
they will have to answer it, not only upon the
facts of the case as they are presented in the rec-
ord generally, with the arguments that are fur-
nished, and with the points that are in the bill
which reach each man's case, but they will have
to answer it also upon the testimony of both sides
of this House.
I tell the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,]
whose constituents suffer worse than any others,
that on the other side of this House they were
disposed to grant them relief; but the other branch
of this Congress has destroyed that relief and left
them at the power and mercy of the Government.
That is the condition into which they are now
sbroughtby the rejection of this'bill, and it has
been done by the veriest spirit of intolerance and
violence, and the very worst spirit of calculation
and exaction, that I have ever witnessed since I
have been a member of the American Congress,
and that has now been some years. That Sena-
tor, and the Senator from Minnesota on the other
side, would have welcomed that bill for their
people. It would have given every man upon the
public lands there, and in all the northwestern
States, that much good, and those Senators and
other Senators approved of the bill and preferred
to take that much good rather than get nothing.
It was a fact that that bill secured the actual set-
tlers on the public lands two full years'time within
which they should have a credit; whereas, as it
nowstands, they cannot know butthat, before the
4th of next March, the whole of their lands may
be seized upon and put uf> by the Government
and sold, and bring 25 an acre; and then, as is
alleged by gentlemen, many of these parties would
be sacrificed and dragged from their homes and
property.
Mr. RICE. I merely state, in connection with
this matter, that I received notice yesterday from
the Department that the lands in Minnesota would
be brought into market, a>nd I suppose not ninety
days will elapse before they will be compelled to
sell.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. These are the
