THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6?
The Clerk read, as follows, from a correspond-
ence between the Executive of New York and the
Executive of Virginia:
" The Governor of Virginia ha* been pleased to assure
the Executive of this State that the fugitive demanded by
him shall be retained in custody for a period of six months,
to afford time for the Executive of New Yoik to decide
upon the question thus submitted to him.
" It would be manifestly improper that the fugitive should
be withheld from the violated justice of this State, or bede-
tained in custody in Virginia, under laws against which he
has not offended, in consequence of any unreasonable delay
on tlie puit of the authorities of this State in replying to the
communication of the Executive of Virginia. His Excel-
lency, the Governor of Virginia, is. therefore, respectfully
informed that by reference to papers heretofore transmitted
to him and his predecessors, it will be found that before the
requisition for the said Peter Johnson, Edward Smith, and
Isaac Gansey came under the consideration of the Execu-
tive of this State, those persons were, by a competent ju-
dicial office!, discharged from arrest upon a writ of habeas
corpus, which is a writ secured by the constitution to every
citizen of this State, because the papers were defective and
insufficient even to charge an offense against the laws of
Virginia; and that when the paid requisition came before
the Executive of this State, it was decided that the charge
was, in form, defective, and that even if that objection were
waived, acts of the de^cnption of those laid to the charge
of the supposed fugitives were not made felonious nor crim-
inal either by the laws of this State or by the common law,
or by the laws of all civilized countries; and for tlic&c and
other reasons fully set forth, it was the opinion of the Ex-
ecutive of this State that he had no lawful right or authority
to dehvei the said Peter Johnson, Edward Smith, and Isaac
Gansey to the Executive of Virginia, in compliance with
the said requisition. The Governor of Virginia is fuither
respectfully infoimed that the subject has been reconsidered
upon its merits, and also in connection with the position
assumed by the Executive of Virginia, in regard to the >e-
quisition for the delivery of the fugitive demanded by the
Executive ol this State, and no sufficient reason is found
for reversing the decision before made.
" By the Governor:
"SAMUEL BLATOIIFORD,
Private Sccretaiy.
"Addressed to his Excellency Thomas W. Gilmer,
Richmond, Virginia
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I ask the Clerk, now,
to read what I have indicated, from another letter.
The Clerk, read as follows:
Jt was obvious that the former would assume, in con-
formity with opinions known to pievail in Vngiiua, that
uien of a certain raco and condition may bo and arc prop-
erty and chattel, the subject*! of purchase, sale, devise,
and tliett. The Executive of this State, on the contrary,
would be faitlile-'s to the spun of us constitution and laws,
l'f he did not maintain that ah men, of whale vei race or con-
dition, aie evei,and of right ought to he, freemen; that
every remedy ioi dtues^ oi a human being, whether it he
the writ do honuncre])lc«iando, habeast orpu.s, action for en-
ticement or l'.il-e imprisonment, or indictment for kidnap-
ping, icgards him as man, and not as piopertv; and'that it
is as ab&urd in this State to speak o[ property iu immortal
beings, and consequently of stealing them, as it would be
to discourse of a division of propel ty m the common atmos-
phere. It was equally manifest that Viigmia would insist
that her sister States should m;o m/,e the right of property
of ono class of her people in smother, a* established bv her
laws. It would, on the contrary, become the duty of the
Executive of tins State to hold that, except so far as the
principle is controlled by the article of tlic Constitution
which declares that peison^ held to labor or <01 vice in one
State hv the laws theteof, and escaping into another, shall, ii
on demand and proof, he delivejed up to the persons to j'
whom such labor or service due. Hie relation of mastei !
and slave is a peculiar local relation of the State wheie jt ; 1
exist*, and that tins State is not hound to lecogni/.e or pio- 1;
rect it in anv manner, mm h les^ to protect it by extenchna >j
for that purpose an article of the Constitution which had jj
no such design, nor any reference whatever to the lela-
non." * ' * " Vou aie pleased toremaik that this.
State is pur-nungacouNo calculated to render her territory
an as> him lor felons and nmnway slaves. Waiving all ex-
ceptions to the spirit of this lemarlc, i trust I may be per-
mitted to icpl>, fu*t, that it is not inconsistent with the
most careful legaid to the public morals to grant impumtv
to those declaied innocent by the legal tribunals, or to tho^e
who^e conviction would involve noolfeiiM; against the laws ;'
neecs^Jirj tor the pie-eivation ofa well-ordered society, and !|
no Molation oi abstract, rights, as ascertained from thesys- J
tern of lurispiudeneo established in civilised nations ; and,
secondly, th.it the, expenenec of the people of this State ha« . j
proved, at lea^t to their own satisfaction, that neither pub- :i
lie virtue nor public piosperity has icceivcd any injury trom ;;
extending, so tar as lias >er been done, equal justice to
every clu-js and evciy race of men within our limits j
sc Accept the asstuanee of high respect with which I rc~ -
main your obedient seivant,
-W. H. SEWARD.
ii The Hon. Jons M. 1\\tto>, Lieutenant and Jlctin* Gov- ,
rrnor of Virginia, 01 his successor in office,"'
Mr. D£ JARNETTE. Thercisoiieothd vom~
munication between the same parties, to which I !
wish to call the attention of the House.
Tho Cleric read, as follows:
kift remains with Virginia to show, not only that the ■!
obnoxious principles, and opinions of the Executive of New
Yoik aie eu*t nuou-j. but also that they aie a proper cau*e -j
of public otlen-e, and still further, that she has a right to I,
prescribe principles and dictate opinions to the Executives 1
oi her sister States. For my own part, I freely confess, :
that the difficulty oi compliance with the 1 equipments of
Virginia is not diminished by the distinction taken between
the decision to which Virginia objects, and the reasons
assigned for it. The renunciation of principles and opin-
ions necessarily involves the adoption of opposite principles
and opinions. I could not, to save the commerce of the
State, or even the peace of the country, subscribe to the
faith prescribed to me. I cannot believe that a being of
human substance, form, and image, endowed with the fac-
ulties, propensities, and passions common to his race, and
having the same ultimate destiny, can by the force of any
human constitution or laws, be converted into a chattel or
a tiling in which another being like himself can have proper-
ty, depriving him of his free will and of the power of culti-
vating his own mind and pursuing liis own happiness ; a
property beginning with his birth and reaching over and
enslaving his posterity. I cannot believe that that can be
stolen which is not and cannot be property; and although
such principles may be adopted and become the basis of
institutions and laws in other countries, I cannot believe
that any such community has the right to extend the oper-
ation of such institutions and laws so as to effect persons
within the jurisdiction and undt* the protection of other
nations. The provision in the Constitution of the United
States, dii ecting that fugitivesfroin labor or service escaping
from one State into another, shall be given up on demand
to the person to whom such labor or Service is due, what-
ever be its effects, is a limitation of the sovereign rights of
the States. I cannot believe that the piovision can be ex-
tended beyond its letter and picci&c application, and so as
to make the Constitution fix a definition of crime at vari-
ance with the common law adopted by all the States, and
with the jurisprudence of the civilized* world. Opposed to
such a faith, I find the guarded language of the Constitution,
the principles of national justice, the impulses of philan-
thropy, the instructions of religion, the sentiments of an
enlightened age, the constitution of this State which I am
bound to maintain, and the spirit of the laws it is my duty
to execute."
Mr. DE JARNETTE. There are other pas-
sages to which 1 should like to call the attention
of the House; but I will not detain it further, at
this time, by reading them. I will merely remark,
in this connection, that the Governor of Virginia
refused to deliver up the fugitive from justice in
New York, upon the requisition of Governor
Seward, until the parties accused of kidnapping
slaves in Virginia should have been delivered up.
The Legislature of Virginia assembled during the
pendency of this controversy, and I wish to call the
attention of the House to the course then pursued
by them, to show that Virginia has ever been true
to her plighted faith. Although our Governor
had refused to comply with the obligations of our
State, because the Governor of New York had
refused to discharge the obligations of that State
to Virginia, the Legislature of Virginia determined
to surrender, and uid surrender to New York licr
fugitive from justice, and Govern or Gilmer, in con-
sequence of the action of the Legislature, 110 longer
refused his consent, but delivered up ihc fugitive.
Governor Gilmer then resigned. This shows the
position which Virginia occupies in reference to
other States in the discharge of all her obligations
to them.
This conservative man, [Governor Seward,]
in high executive position, who was so beautifully
portrayed by the gentleman from Ohio, the other
day, positively refused, in 1830, to surrender to
Virginia a kidnapper of our slaves, upon the ground
that no offense could be committed 111 stealing
slaves from their masters. Thus William II.
Seward stands before the country a perjured
traitor; and yet that man, uith hands stained
with the blood of our citizens, we arc asked to
elect President of the United States, You may
elect him President of the North, but of the South
never. Whatever the event may be, or others
may do,Virginia, in view of her ancient renown,
111 view of her illustrious dead, and m view of her
sic semper tyrannis, will resist his authority. I
have done.
Mr. PERRY. I move that we proceed to vote
mvi voce for Speaker.
Mr. GARTHELL. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly colled the roll: and the
folio wing members failed to answer to their names:
Me<sr-\ Ashinoic, Hi own, Barr, Brabson, Clark B. Coch-
iane, Cutry. Ii vine, Jenkins, Jone*, Pottle, lie} nobis, Stall-
worth, Van'Wyek, and Woodson.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mi. KEITT stated that his colleague Mr.
Ashmorf. was unwell, and had paired with Mr.
Mr!'1CRAW FORD stated that his colleague
Mr. Jont.s had paired with Mr. Iruxe.
Mr. PHELPS stated^that his colleague Mr.
Woodson was paired with Mr. Millward.
Air. MOORHEAD said: I was paired with Mr.
Woodson until twelve o'clock to-uay. Mr.Mill-
ward has arranged to continue the pair with Mr.
Woodson, with the understanding that it may be
transferred with any of our side who may be
absent.
The CLERK. Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Curry
are the only members absent who are not paired.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. My colleague was
paired yesterday with Mr. Curtis.
Mr. CTJRTIS. But it was distinctly understood
that the pair was for no longer.
Mr. VANDEVER. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. WINSLOW. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. My colleague [Mr.
Curry] is confined to his room; he can be brought
here, but I would prefer he should be paired.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative, yeas 122, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Biayton, Briggs, Bristovv,
Buffinton, Burlingame, Buinham, Burroughs, Butteitield,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, Colfax,
Conkhng, Corwin, Covode, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Foster, Fiank, French, Goocb, Graham, Grow,
Gurley, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Helmick, Hickman,
Hoard, Holman, Humphrey, Hutchins, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhnger, De-
Witt C. Leach, Lee, Lohgnecker, Lovejoy, Maelay, Mal-
lory, Marston, McKean, McKnight, McPherson, Millward,
Moinll, Edwaid Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olift,
Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Fettit, Porter, Potter, Rice,
Christopher llobinson, Koyce, Sehwaitz, Scranton, Sedg-
wick. Shcunan, William N. H. Smith, Somes, Spaulding,
Spinner, Stanton. Ste\ en*?, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theakcr, Tompkins, Tiain,
Tumble, Vandevcr, Vetree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
waladcr 0. Washburn, Elhbu B. Washburno, Isiael Wash-
burn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—12*2.
NAYS—Messrs. ThomasL. Anderson, Avery, Baiksdale,
Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bouhgny, Boyce,
Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Burton Craige, Craw-
foid, Davidson, II. Winter Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nctte, Dimmick, Edmundson, English. Etheridge, Florence,
Fonke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman,
John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hmdman, Houston,
Ho waul, Hughes, Jackson, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Lar-
rabec, James im. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Chailes D.
Martin, Klbeit S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, MiHson, Montgomery, Laban T.
Mooic, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Moms, Niblack, NocIL
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, (Auailes, Reagan,
Riegs, Jaine* C. Robinson, Itutfin, ltufct, Scott, Sickles,
Smnns, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, James A.
Stcwa.it, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, VaJlandi'gham,
Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Winslow, and Wright—94.
So all further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with.
The CLERK. The question recurs upon the
motion that the House proceed viva voce to vote
for Speaker.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must announce
to the House that gentlemen upon this side of the
House are not prepared to vote, for the reason
thatoncfof the members, Mr, Curry, of Alabama,
is confined to his room by illness; and I am sorry
to say that we have been unable to pair him with
any member on the other side. As a last resort,
we arc, therefore, compelled to resort to motions
and calls for the yeas and nays until he can be
brought here. I move that the House adjourn,
with the assurance, on my part, that the motion
will be withdrawn upon the arrival of Mr. Curry.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state to the gentleman
from New York that I was authorized by his col-
league, Mr. Reynolds, to pair him with a member
011 the other side. He was paired, but the pair
was withdrawn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. We would accept
it with a great deal of pleasure, was Mr. Rey-
nolds to that side in the position Mr. Curry is
to this.
Mr. COLFAX. He left this city supposing he
was paired.
Mr. CRAlCrE, of North Carolina. I move that
when this House adjourns, it adjourn until Mon-
day next.
Mr. HICKMAN. T trust the motion to ad-
journ will be withdrawn for the present.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman will with-
draw the motion to adjourn a minute, I will move
the previous question upon the motion that we
proceed to a vote.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 beiie"\e I have the floor
in preference to the gentleman from North Car-
olina.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
was entitled to the floor upon the motion to ad-
