2322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
citizens, of one State which are not equally assured to those
of every other State.
Mr. CRI-TTISNDEN. I wish to make a re-
mark or two in relation to this resolution, and to
state the ground on which I vote for it, and for
the fourth resolution which follows it. I have
all my life entertained the opinion,in common with
the old Whig party, and universally accepted by
all parties, as 1 believe, up, at least, to the year
1835, that Congress possessed the power to legis-
late over the Territories of the "United States in
regard to the subject of slavery, and that they alone
haa the power of admitting or excluding slavery.
The Supreme Court of the United States, how-
ever, have decided otherwise. I cannot say that,
with all the reflection I have given to the subject,
my opinion has yet been brought in concurrencc
with that judgment; but I can say this, that I feel
myself here under a constitutional obligation to
obey the decision of that court, and to receivc it
as the constitutional interpretation of the Consti-
tution—the interpretation by the constitutional
authority to decide such questions. It is in obe-
dience to that consideration, and in conformity to
the constitutional principles as established by that
tribunal, that I vote for this and the ensuing res-
olution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Blight, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, CJmgman, Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Givin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, lverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Latham, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pcarce, Polk, Powell,
Pugb, Rice, Sebastian, Slldell, Thomson, Toombs, Wigfall,
and Yulee—-36.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hate, Hamlin,
Harlan, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—18.
So the third resolution was adopted.
The Secretary read the fourth resolution} as
follows:
4. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial Le-
gislature, whether by direct legislation of legislation of an
indirect and unfriendly character, possess power to annul
or impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States to take his slave property into the common Ter-
ritories, and there hold and enjoy the same while the terri-
torial condition remains. •
_ Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to offer a propo-
sition which will come in immediately after this.
Will it-be in order to offer it now, or shall I wait
until this is adopted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
had better present his amendment now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I offer it to conic
in immediately after the fourth resolution in the
series.
Mr. BROWN. Is it an independent resolu-
tion ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. Then let it be offered as an
independent proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, if I be in order in
so doing, I shall wait until the vote is announced
on this resolution.
Mr. PUGH. If the vote is to be taken on the
fourth resolution, I wish to say that, in so far as
the resolution denies the power of Congress, it
would give me pleasure to vote for it; and if I be-
lieved that the right asserted was a constitutional
right, as the resolution declares, I should vote for
the whole resolution. I acknowledge that there
is that right of emigration, but I do not think it is
founded upon the Constitution; and I am not pre-
pared, either from judicial decision or from my
own conclusion, to deny that power in a Terri-
torial Legislature. Therefore, whilst I approve
much that the resolution contains, I am con-
strained to vote in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 21; as follows!
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biglor, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Ciiesnut, Clay, Chngman, Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Gwirj, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, lverson, John-
8011 of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Jjatham, Mallory, Ma&on, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
jvico, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson, Toombs, Wigfall, and
Yulee—35. ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittlc, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Halp,
Hamlin, Harlan, king, Pugh, Simmons, Sumner, Tejj Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
So the fourth resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now present the resolu-
tion I proposed to offer, to come in at the end of
the fourth resolution. At this late hour I shall
say nothing about it; but it is to exclude a con-
clusion, and I ask for the .yeas and nays on it.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask what the proposition is ?
To introduce a distinct resolution?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly, to follow this.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the series must be
first put, and distinct propositions follow. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] has of-
fered some to follow these.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It was decided expressly
by the Chair that myproposition couldbe offered,
I put the question again and again. It is germane,
and it comes in here, and therefore I offer it:
Resolved, That the existing condition of the Territories
of the United States does not require tiie intervention of
Congress for the protection of property in slaves.
I simply ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that may be offered
either as an amendment to a resolution to which
it is germane, or as a distinct resolution; but it
cannot be offered in the midst of a series.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. DAVIS. I think not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It has been dccided.
Mr. PUGH. I submit that it is in order to move
to amend the resolutions by inserting another res-
olution between any two of them." It is just as
much an amendment as anything else.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It has been decided. I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I move to strike out the word
"not," after the word "does."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me that that
presents a matter of fact for the decision of the
Senate, whether the existing condition of the Ter-
ritories does now demand any interposition of
congressional authority. I do not know that it
does. I do not know that it does not. Not know-
ing, I should take it for granted that it does not.
But this is a decision on a matter of fact, as I un-
derstand. Supposing the existing state of things
to be a peaceable, a quiet, and a lawful one—the
only presumption I can make—I shall take it for
granted that interposition is not required; but I
understand myself as called on now to decide only
a single matter of fact, and that from'my own
knowledge and information, which is quite lim-
ited on the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The honorable Senator
will remember that we have been called upon again
and again by a Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] to legislate on this subject. A great deal
has been said about it in the country. Now, I
wish it to go out that it is the opinion of the Sen-
ate, my own among others, that there is no ne-
cessity for this legislation; and I think it is quite
as practical as any of the resolutions themselves.
Mr. DAVIS. The question presented is a mere
question of fact. The resolutions on which the
Senate are voting are declarations of principle.
As to the question of fact, I should concur more
with my colleague; and if I had to vote for either
proposition, should vote for his declaration, be-
cause I rather think the necessity does exist; but
that is an opinion which I am not prepared now
to declare as a fact. Neither is it true that I have
ever refused to vote for the bill which the Sena-
tor, my colleague, introduced.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I did not charge the Sen-
ator with refusing to vote for it. I said we had
been pressed on it; and I want an opinion on the
subject.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill has never been before
the Senate for an expression of opinion. The
question has been, whether it was to be consid-
ered by the Senate or not. This involves ques-
tions of fact, propriety, expediency; and we shall
have these to decide when it is before us. In the
mean time, I do not choose myself to be thrown
off the line of asserting principles in a series of
resolutions, by the interjection of questions of
fact. I shall therefore vote against both propo-
sitions.
Mr. GREEN. There is one other reason why
this question of fact ought not now to be consid-
ered and voted on, and that is this: there is no
Senator here who can say that the Constitution
and-the laws and the remedies provided by the
laws at present, are not adequate to protect every
constitutional right in the Territories. I know i
myself, so far as the slave question is concerned,
that a replevin has been brought in the Territory
of Kansas, which is now pending in the court.
If slavery there be constitutional, notwithstanding
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, the thing
ends. If the replevin be sustained, and the law
of Kansas be decided unconstitutional, then the
remedy is adequate. In this preliminary stage
we ought not to undertake to decide a question of
fact, when we know that the courts already have
the question pending before them. This is the
case. I really think that these propositions ought
to be voted down, because they depend on a state
of facts that we are not now prepared to decide.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to ask a question on a
point of order. Can I move to lay this resolution
of the Senator from North Carolina on the table?
["Oh no."]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Such amotion would carry
the whole series of resolutions on the table. I am
willing that they shall all lie there, if the gentle-
man desires it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wilson.)
The Chair rules that that motion would carry the
whole series of resolutions with it. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. PUGH. What is the motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Mississippi
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. BIGLER. Before the vote is taken, I de-
sire to say that I shall vote against the amend-
ments and against the original proposition of the
Senator from North Carolina. Were I obliged
to meet the issue of fact, I should say tliat there
is no necessity at this time for interference. I
can sec no propriety whatever in mingling this
mere matter of fact, which may be correct or may
not be, with a series of resolutions of this kind—
merely enunciating principles.
_ Mr. PUGH. I did not object to the introduc-
tion of these resolutions, although they are mere
declarations of principle binding nobody but those
who vote for them. I might well have said, that
neither in the resolutions of Mr. Calhoun, as
finally amended and adopted, nor in any other
resolutions that I can find ever adopted by the
Senate, is there a precedent for this series. Nev-
ertheless, if gentlemen wish to vote upon them, I
make no objection; but here is the first practical
question of legislation proposed, and gentlemen
cannot shrink from it. Now it begins to be matter
of legislation, not of opinion. You have declared
to us your opinions of principle, do you pro-
pose to put them in practice? Is it a platform,or
is it a piece of legislation?
I say to my friend from Pennsylvania, and to
my fnend from California, this is the practical
point of the whole question: are these resolutions
to be a political platform, or are they to be car-
ried into action? The fifth resolution, for which
as it stands I shall vote, says that Congress will
protect rights in the Territories when necessary.
When is that necessity to be ascertained ? Who
is to decide it ? The southern supporters of the
resolutions,orthe northern supporters? Isitto bo
after aTerritorial Legislature shall have abolished
slavery and driven every slave out of the limits
of the Territory, oris it to be after the presidential
election ? I thank the Senator from North Caro-
lina that he has brought us to the practical ques-
tion. It is the question, and it is in vain to at-
tempt to escape it.
Mr. BROWN. I hope I may have the general
concurterice of the Senate to withdraw my pro-
posed amendment. I see the result of it will be
taking two votes instead of one. I get the whole
object I have in view by simply recording my
vote, as I shall do, against the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered, but by general consent
the amendment may be withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to waste time
about it.
Mr.BENJAMIN. I object to the withdrawal.
I mean to vote on that very amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Very well, then; let it stand.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, I was not
at all surprised to hear the Senator from Ohio re-
turn his thanks to the Senator from North Caro-
lina for having introduced this resolution. It is
precisely what I supposed would be gratifying to
