1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
journ. The Chair understood the gentleman from
New York to yield the floor to the gentlemanfrom
North Carolina.
Mr. WINSLOW. I now move the previous
question upon the motion that the House proceed
to a vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.' Is that motion in
order?
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that the
general parliamentary law is the law governing
this body, and that law authorizes the previous
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say here, for fear
that my acquiescence may be regarded as a con-
sent to the necessity of a call for the previous ques-
tion upon the motion that the House proceed to a
vote, that while I do not objcct to the call having
been made in this case for the previous question,
I yet regard it as unprecedented that a motion
made by a member of this House to proceed to a
vote for Speaker can be amended by any resolu-
tion added to it as to the manner in which that
vote should be taken. A motion to add the plu-
rality rule would be no more in order, as an amend-
ment to a motion to proceed to a ballot, than it
would be m order to the resolutions which are
now pending before the House—no more than it
would be to the motion of the gentleman himself
[Mr. Hickman] to correct the Journal, or to any
otjjer motion which has been made since this
House met. The indication upon the part of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he would seek
to amend that motion, is unparliamentary, is un-
precedented, and in opposition to all the laws gov-
erning legislative and parliamentary assemblages.
And, in reference to that matter, I only desire to
say this much now.
Mr. WINSLOW. I most heartily agree with
the gentleman from Alabama upon the point he
has made; but my motion for the previous ques-
tion is made to prevent long debate which I know
wouldensue on any proposition to amend the mo-
tion for a ballot, and which would prevent tli,o
House from voting to an indefinite period.
Mr. BRIGGS. I rise for the purpose of mak-
ing a personal explanation of my position upon
this floor. I have avoided, up to this time, mak-
ing any public exposition of the course which I
have deemed it my duty , as a Representative here,
to pursue. I have maintained silence, although
I have been assailed privately by numerous let-
ters and telegraphic dispatches, and by persons
who, claiming to be my constituents, have deemed
it their duty to visit the seat of Government to
prevail upon me to pursue a course different from
that which I had marked out for myself. Differ-
ing with them, and having taken my course with
deliberation, and with a sense of duty equal to
that, I trust, of any gentleman occupying a posi-
tion upon this floor, I chose to pursue the even
tenor of my way up to this time, as the record
will bear me witness. I have waited in expect-
ation that there might be a more public assault
made upon me, believing, that whenever that as-
sault should be made from a source entitled to
respect, it would then become my duty to rise in
my place and vindicate my course. I hold in my
band a slip cut from a paper published in the in-
terior of New York, and sent to me, containing
what purports to be an extract from the Courier
and Enquirer of New York city, a paper of large
circulation, edited by General Webb. With that
fentlcman I have had the happiness, I may say
ere, of enjoying, for more tnan twenty years,
an uninterrupted personal friendship, and I can-
not believe now, that General Webb, the head of
the Courier and Enquirer, would intentionally do
me injustice. The editorial, embracing that ex-
tract, does me injustice, and I ask that it may be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Hon. George Briggs. Is it True .'—The New York
Courier and Enquirer say&: 'The question here is asked,
why delays Mr. JIriggs. of the seventh congressional dis-
trict of New York, to vote for Mr. Sherman? To the com-
mittee of eonl'erencc, who withdrew Mi. Dow, a Republi-
can, in older that Mr. Buigos might leceivc tile Republican
vote, Mr. Bricgs pledged himseii to vote lor a Republican
Speaker; said lie was with the ltepuhi icans; and the Ilepub- j
licans, ingoodfaith, tookllimatbis word,and clectcdhim.'
" Will some of Mr. Rriggs's friends please inform the !
public whcttier the charge of tile Courier and Enquirer is i
true ? from our acquaintance with Mr. Briggs, he is the j
last man who would vioiate on honorable pledge.
" Silence on his part, or the part of his fuends, is avir- i
tual aSmission that what the Enquiier charges is tiuc." j
With the editor whowrotethe latter part of that <
article, I may say, in justice to myself, that if
ever I were to make a pledge of any nature, po-
litical, pecuniary, or moral, I would fulfill it with-
out regard to the consequences which mightresult.
The article in the Courier and Enquirer, from
which a portion of that editorial was taken, had
escaped my notice, and how recent it is I am un-
able to say. The paper from which I cut that
article was published in Keeseville, New York,
and was sent to me by mail. Of coursc, silence
upon my part would be a virtual admission of the
truth of the charge of the Courier and Enquirer,
that I had, in order to obtain a seat upon this floor,
pledged myself to vote for a Republican Speaker,
and that I was with the Republicans in their senti-
ments and professions everywhere.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I would not feel authorized to
trespass upon the time of the House to define my
position fully here, had I not seen a disposition
upon this side of the House to procrastinate a
ballot, by taking the yeas and nays, in order to
secure the presence of an absent member, and did
I not think that the time I should occupy in placing
myself properly before this House, my constit-
uents, and the country, would be less than that
occupied in calling the yeas and nays.
My political position for the las4 twenty years
cannot be misunderstood by any man, woman, or
child, who is able to read. I claim that my course
has been consistent throughout. I would despise
myself were I to obtain a seat upon this floor by
any other than the most honorable means. There
has never been any concealment of my political
principles. I was a consistent and devoted mem-
ber of the Whig party as long as that party ex-
isted. I owed to that party the honor of a seat in
the Congress of the United States for four years,
having been elected through the partiality of the
Whigs in adistrict, a portion of which I have now
the honor to represent; although some of the
wards I then rupiusented have, in the redistricting
of the State, been transferred to another district.
I take occasion to say here that in all my po-
litical life and associations, I have never, for a
single moment, reproached myself for support-
ing and defending to the best of my feeble ability
the measures and policy advocated by the Whig
party. I am proud to say that I was a devoted
friend of that great statesman, Henry Clay, and
of the other great Whig luminaries of that day,
who have now passed from the stage of action.
The Whig party was in existence up to the year
1855. In that year I was elected a delegate to a
convention held at Syracuse, from the ninth ward
of the city of New York, where I have resided for
tlie last sixteen years. I was elected as a Whig;
but, being satisfied that there was a conspiracy
on foot to annihilate the Whig party in that con-
vention, and not wishing to be present on such an
occasion, I remained at home, and permitted my
alternate to go in my stead. The result of the
action of that convention is well known; it was
the birth of the Republican party of the United
States. The party to which I had been so ardently
attached was thus destroyed, obliterated, wiped
out, and expunged by the action of a convention
composed of Whigs and of those who had be-
longed to the Free-Soil portion of the Democratic
party, and who were known as Barnburners; and
upon its rums was erected the gigantic and, I will
say, intelligent Republican party of the country.
Unwilling to ally myself with that^organization,
01- to be a party to any transaction of that kind, I
was, for a time, in the position of the illustrious
Webster,and asked myself the question, "Where
am I to go?" I did not long hesitate. I found
that there was a party in existence known as the
American party, many of whose principles were
identical with those of the Whig party, although
some of its measures'at that time were perhaps a
little prescriptive. I shall have occasion, how-
ever, to refer to that by and by. I identified my-
self with the American party of the State of New
York, and had the honor of presiding over the
largest meeting of American freemen ever con-
gregated in the Park, in the city of New York.
I there defined my position, and called'upon my
fellow Whigs to join me; and from that time to
the present I have been constant in my allegiance
to that party.
In 1856, I was nominated for Congress by the
American party, in the district which I now rep-
resent. The Democratic nominee who ran against
me was General Elijah Ward, and I take this oc-
casion to say that a more honorable man does not
live. General Nye was the Republican candidate.
A presidential election occurred at that time, as we
all know, in which Mr. Fillmore was the nominee
of the American conservative party of the coun-
try. The result of the congressional election was,
that I was beaten, but I had at least the satisfac-
tion of being beaten by a high-toned national
man. Well, sir, two years elapsed, and, in the
fall of 1858,1 was again nominated distinctively as
an American, having adhered consistently to the
American organization. Rut, sir, the Kansas, or
Lecompton, policy of the Administration had in-
troduced a new issue into the canvass of 1858, and
it was the general wish and desire throughout the
State of New York that those who were opposed
to that policy should be united in opposition to
those gentlemen who stood upon the records of the
country as its supporters. The American party
were, I believe, unanimous in their opposition to
the Kansas policy of the Administration. The
Republicans shared in that opposition; and it was
the mutual desire of both of those parties that mem-
bers should be returned to this House who enter-
tained the opinions upon that question which they
shared in common.
. There are eight or nine gentlemen here from
the State of New York occupying seats as dis-
tinctive Republicans, who were elected by a union
of the Republicans and Americans in their dis-
tricts. My venerable colleague on my right [Mr.
Carter] owes his seat here to the American,
national, conservative element of his district. I
could name several others, who are in the same
position, but suffice it to say that there are eight
or nine of them. Those gentlemen, I trust, know
their duty to their constituents, and will not dis-
appoint their expectations. I came here elected
distinctly as an American, entertaining views ad-
verse to the Administration upon its Kansaspolicy.
The opinions I entertained th-en, I avow here to-
day. I came here to pursue a course in regard to
the organization of the House, which is not in
accordance with the course pursued by other gen-
tlemen who were elected upon a similar union of
parties. I do not hear that they are assailed at
home; yet, sir, I have the same reason to claim
that these gentlemen, holding their seats by virtue
of the assistance of American votes, arc in honor
bound to vote for an American for Speaker of this
House, a distinctive member of tnat party, as
the Republicans have to claim my vote for a gen-
tleman nominated and placed by them before the
House for the suffrages of this House for Speaker.
I repeat, Mr. Clerk, that in the district which
I have the honor to represent, I, being the only
American nominated for a seat in this House, was
supported by the Republicans for the position
which I hold. That support was not cordial; but
I admit that my party alone would have been
unable to have returned me here without their
assistance. But, sir, I state most distinctly, that
never, in any instance, on the proposition of any
party—and I was approached for that purpose—
did I agree to ahandon any principle which I had
previously contended for. Never, m any instance,
did I pledge myself to support for Speaker of
this House a Republican, in the party sense in
which 1 understand the word. I am free to state
that before I understood the condition of things in
which I should find that party here, I did antici-
pate that I should be found cooperating with gen-
tlemen upon this floor as in opposition to the Ad-
ministration in elevation to the high position of
Speaker, some one who had affiliations with the
Republican party—not a Republican in the ultra
sense of the term. And I will admit thaton arriv-
ing here I did make advances to gentlemen on the
Republican side, and did say to them that I would
unite with them in supporting some one of certain
gentlemen whom I named, for whom they claimed
identity with themselves as Republicans; not that
I would vote for such gentleman as a Republican,
but as a national man, free from any taint or sus-
picion that he could, under any circumstances,
indorse any of the teachings contained in Helper's
book.
That book has crcatcd much excitement in the
country, especially so much of it as must be ad-
mitted'by every gentleman to contain doctrines
incendiary in their tendencies and calculated to
destroy that peace and harmony which ought
always to exist among the States of this Confed-
eracy. I did say, and I mean nothing invidious
