1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
first fruits of this bill. I had not heard of this; I
had no idea of it, and never heard an allusion to it;
but I know these lands have been kept out of
market for ten years, waiting for theso people to
get ready to pay the first 25 an acre. I arraign
the party—not the members here, because they
have pot participated in itr-but I do arraign the
majority of the party of the House of Represent-
atives upon this. We now have announced the
first fruits of their policy. Those lands are to be
brought into market, and the people there them-
selves will scarcely feel that they have a right to
ask a further delay, considering the repeated de-
lays and the repeated favors which have been
extended to them the shape of additional time.
The sales have been continually postponed there
for years. These land sales were not pressed for-
ward when they found us working upon a bill
which would grant relief; and now we have de-
stroyed this bill by no rational course and for no
rational purpose, which will produce no rational
effect, but will be productive of evil upon those
upon whom the evil may fall, and productive of
no good political capital at all. If I had stood in
the position in which the Senator from Tennessee
stood, I never would have assented to this con-
ference proposition; but I would have done as I
counseled and advised him to do beforehand. I
would have suffered this bill to perish in confer-
ence between the two Houses, and try it again the
next session, rather than have permitted it to
come in in this way; but such was his anxiety to
see it pass both Houses, that he thought he would
let it go and take the chance with the Executive.
That chancc has brought a veto, which, in all prob-
ability, and which, in fact, to a certainty, if the
Senator from Minnesota is correctly informed, is
to bring misfortune upon many of the constituents
of gentlemen upon that side of the Chamber. I
would have permitted that bill to perish in con-
ference, and I would have waited for another ses-
sion rather than have agreed to it. I should have
fc.lt, had I been m the position of the Senator, that
the interests which I had been fighting for had
been betrayed. I do not say morally betrayed;
but I do say they were betrayed, according to all
practical common sense, by those to whose hands
they were confided.
There are many points of view, Mr. Presidont,
in which the Senate bill has been regarded by
both sides of the Senate as one of the highest im-
portance, which I know I have not touched at all,
and which I cannot pretend to do now; but I do
assure you, sir, as well as the body, that the bill
itself, as it now stands, in order fully to do jus-
tice to it upon the points alone involved in this
conference, would require two or three days of
deliberate debate, after at least two or three days of
deliberate study upon its different provisions. It
ought not to be acted on now, even if the Senate
could possibly overrule the veto. I do not think j<
they ought to overrule the Executive veto, and I
have no idea at all that it can be done. I regard
the bill as having been killed by the party on the
other side, who chose to exert an arbitrary and
momentary power to destroy their own interests
ratherthan to permit that which wasgood to pass,
and an opportunity, as they thought, to make po-
litical capital to escape them. With these remarks
I shall say no more, but submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee. Notwithstand-
ing the veto message upon this homestead bill is
a long one, and presents many arguments and
statements as reasons for the veto, I am free to
say that the message has not wrought the slight-
est change in my mind. The fact of these rea-
sons being sent here by the Presidentof the United
States, it is true, entitles them to consideration;
but their solidity and soundness are to be exam-
ined just the same as if they had been presented
by anybody else; and the mere fact of a President
of the United States vetoing a bill makes no
change in my mind as to its propriety and con-
stitutionality, unless he presents reasons and ar-
guments which, tf presented by others, would
have the same effect. Now, to a correct under-
standing of this bill, and especially of what was
done in the committee of conference, I will make
a plain statement of facts.
The first section of the Senate bill, as it was
originally, requned all persons provided for in the ]
bill, in making their entries, to be confined to j
land which had been surveyed and offered at pub- !
lie sale.- The House bill extended to all land,
whether surveyed or unsurvcyed. v The two bills
differed in that inspect. Further, the first section
of the Senate bill confined its benefits to heads of
families, and the House bill extended to all per-
sons over twenty-one years of age. The Senate
bill requires the President of the United States to
bring all land into market within two years from
the date of the survey or filingof the approved plats
of survey with the proper officer. This was another
difference. There was still a fourth difference.
The tenth section of the bill, as it now stands,
the eleventh section of the original Senate bill,
provided that, at the expiration of thirty years,
the lands unsold that had graduated down to the
price of twelve and a half cents an acre should be
surrendered to the States within which they lie.
These were the four leading points of difference
between the House amendment and the Senate
bill. A committee of conference was raised.
They conferred freely and frankly. The House
committee insisted upon all persons twenty-one
years of age being included. They insisted on
the bill applying to all lands which had been sur-
veyed, whetherofferedatpubhc saieornot. They
insisted on striking out the eighth section, which
provided for bringing the lands into market within
two years, and on striking out the eleventh sec-
tion. Finally, the committee on the part of the
Senate agreed to let m persons twenty-one years
of age, provided the House would let the other
portion of the section stand, which confined it to
the surveyed lands subjcct to sale at private en-
try. We agreed further, that, if they would let
the eleventh section stand, we would strike out
the eighth section of the bill. This, however, was
not acceded to.
We had two committees of conference, and they
could not agree. We got a third committee, and
I am free to say here that I then came foiwaid
with a proposition in reference to the fust section,
proposing to confine it to heads of families, and
to make one half of the unoflVred lands subject to
the operation of this btll. I further proposed that,
if the House committee would agree to let the
eleventh section remain in the bill, we would agree
to strike out the eighth section. I made this
proposition, however, on the express condition
that I was not to be bound by it until I came into
the Senate and consulted with friends on tins side
of the House as to the propriety of it. 4 made
that a condition precedent, and i consulted with
Senators on this side before I ventured even to
accede to my own proposition; and after a full
and free consultation here with them, receiving
their sanction'and countenance, I wen ^ back to
the committee, and it was agreed upon; and the
bill now stands in that shape.
Mr. WIGPALL. I desire to ask the Senator
a question, as a matter of information, because
these things go to the'pubhe. 1 should like to
know of the Senator from Tennessee with whom
he consulted on this side. Surely I, for one, was
not consulted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I consulted
with several on this side.
Mr. WIGPALL. There were very few, I
think, because most oi us were opposed to the
whole thing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Does the gen-
tleman dispute my word?
Mr. WIGPALL. No, sir; but you said you
consulted with Senators here; and 1 should like
to know how many there were.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I consulted
with Senator Bright; I consulted with Senator
Fitcii; 1 consulted with Senator Polk; I con-
sulted with Senator Dams; 1 consulted with Sen-
ator Nicholson*, and some three or four others
on this side of the House—I do not remember all
with whom I consulted. Senator Fitzpatrici£
was on the committee.
Mr. WIGPALL. The Senator gives eight out
of thirty-six.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have stated
the differences between the Senate bill and the
House amendment. Finally, the House gave up
the provision includingyoungmen of twenty-one
years of age, and we conceded that the bill should
apply to half of all the lands which had been sur-
veyed and have not been offered at public sale,
confining it to the sections designated by odd
numbers. We can understand that. There are
between fifty-six and fifty-seven million acres of
lands which have been surveyed, and ready tojbe
brought into market. By confining it to the odd-
numbered sections,we subject just one half theland
to the operation of the bill, which had not beeo^pf-
fored at public sale; and one strongreason fordoing
it was, that, in Minnesota, in low^in California,
and in Wisconsin, there were comparatively jao
lands that had been offered, and hence bone upon
which the Senate bill would operate. We agreed
by the compromise on these two points, to apj>Iy
the bill to the odd sections, which .would include"
just one half the lands in those. States wlioce there
had been none offered. It does notsoem to me that
there is anything unfair in that. The eighth sec-
tion of the Senate bill provided that the President
of the United States should,, within ,two years,
bring the lands into market. 1 am free to say that
I thought it required the President of. the United
States to brmg too much land into market within
two years, and the House insisted on this being
stricken out. About sixty million acres are now
ready for market. I think, in fact, the eighth
section would bring too much public land into
market in so short a time; and therefore I was
willing to give up the oighthsection,on condition
that the House would let us retain the eleventh
section, which ceded the lands to the States at the
expiration of thirty years, when they had grad-
uated down to twelve and a half cents an acre.
Now, looking at the Senate bill as it passed this
body, and the bill as reported by the committee
of conference, I wish to know where lias any
piinciplc been deviated from? I do not thinkauy
Senator can show it. I have not read the veto
message, and only heard it read at the Clerk's
desk; but i do not see that the President intimates,
in any part of the message, that he would ever
approveofany bill granting homesteads to actual
settlers, on the principle laid down in this hill.
Is there any intimation given in the message that
he would approve the homestead proposition in
any other shape ? On the other hand, is not the
inference dear and conclusive, from the general
tone and tenor of the message, that he would veto
any and every bill which incorporated the home-
stead principle ?
I have shown the immaterial alteration made by
the conference committee in the first section of the
bill, so far as principle is concerned; and wo see
how important it is to men who are in the new
States where there are no lands that have been
offered at public sale. Then, I think, when we
struck out the eighth section, and thus refused to
bring into market, within two years, sixty million
acres, to pass into the hands of speculators, wc
did not depart from the principle of the original
bill, and especially when we retained the eleventh
section, winch surrendered to the States a large
quantity of public lands; and for the information
of some I will state what amount of land that sec-
tion would cause to be surrendered to the States.
1 have before me a statement made out on the
2d instant, showing the exact number of acres
which each State would get under that section?
Estimate of the area, on the 1st of January, 1860, of public
luruh in each, of the States remaining u)isold> after having
been liable to entry for thirty years:
States. %/lcres.
Ohio  5,000
Indiana    5,000
Illinois     30.000
Michigan  56,000
Wisconsin 
IflWd   
Aikan«a<;    2,408,000
Missoui i  1,037,000
Florida 
Alabmnn  4,900,000
Louisiana  803,000
Mississippi  2,8/2,000
Minnesota 
Total 10,216,000
j Thus we see that the southern States get much
,! the larger proportion of land under this section.
! While Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota get noth-
j ing, Arkansas and Missouri and Alabama and
| Mississippi get millions of acres. I think this
' shows that there was no design m this respect to
; be unjust to the South. I think, in view of this
i fact, there is nothing unjust or unfair in saying
• that, in those States where no land has been of-
fered at public sale, their citizens may have the
: privilege of going on one half and reserving the
:j other half for the Government to derive revenue
11 from.
