1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2323
the Senator from Ohio. I do not charge, because
I do not know, that there was any concert be-
tween them. The Senator from North Carolina
shakes his head. That is sufficient.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Allow mo to say that 111
drafting this resolution I did not consult the Sen-
ator from Ohio, nor do I know that he had any
knowledge of it until to-day, and it was written
several weeks ago, when these matters were first
up.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. My friend from Texas
will allow me make a suggestion. Those gentle-
men who do not wish this resolution in the plat-
form can now have their two votes. First, the
Senator from Mississippi proposes to strike out
the word "not." That asserts the necessity of
intervention now. We can vote against that.
Then we can vote against the resolution of the
Senator from North Carolina, which says it is not
necessary. Then, having voted against both the
propositions, it shows that we do not consider
them germane to the subject.
Mr. GWIN. X rise to a point of order. I
made an inquiry of the Chair just now, and lie
decided, I think incorrectly, that a motion to lay
on the table the resolution of the Senator from
North Carolina would carry the other series of
resolutions with it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The motion has been de-
cided to be not in order.
Mr. GWIN. If the Chair adheres to that de-
cision, I shall appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair un-
derstands that it has been decided by the Presid-
ing Officer thata motion to lay an amendment on
the table, carries with it the resolution to which
is an amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I understand differently. My
impression is that the views of the Vice President
differ from that construction.
Mr. WIGFALL. I had but a word to say,
and could have said it and got through, and we
could have had a vote taken by this time, if I
had not been interrupted. I mean to say that I
shall vote against both resolutions, and for the
reason the Senator from Louisiana has given ; and
jn that way I think we shall have accomplished
everything we ean do by laying the resolution on
the table. As has been observed by one of the
Senators, I believe the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] it is utterly incongruous, it is un-
heard of, that in a series of resolutions setting
fortli principles, a question of fact should be
brought up here to be voted for. It is an entire
1101V sequitur of the Senator from Ohio, that be-
cause we do object to voting upon questions of
fact, it shows any intention to commit an act of
duplicity or any disposition to waver or falter oit
our part, in carrying out, whenever it is proper, in
our opinion, the principles which we here avow.
Now, sir, the resolutions avow the doctrine
that it is the duty of Congress to protect prop-
erty of all kinds, wherever it is under its jurisdic-
tion, when the necessity shall arise, I do not
know whether the necessity now arises. I say I
am ready, by actual legislation, whenever the ne-
cessity, m my opinion, does arise, to carry these
resolutions into effect; but I am not now pre-
pared, for I believe the Covode committee has not
yet ascertained the fact as to the condition of the
legislation ofKansasprcciscly at this time. Doubt-
less before the end of the session they will furnish
us the information. If they do not, we may, at
some subsequent time, obtain the information.
When I am satisfied either that the Territorial
Legislature has passed acts that are unconstitu-
tional, or that the courts have failed and refused
to render adequate redress, or that the courts are
not competent to do it, I shall be prepared to vote
for actual legislation. I suppose that the dispo-
sition of the Senate—at least of the gentlemen on
this side—is sufficiently exhibited by the fact that
whilst we have not voted against the measure
proposed by the Senator from Mississippi. [Mr.
Brown,] we, at least, have not taken it up and
acted on it. In our opinion, we have not suffi-
cient evidence that there is a necessity for legis-
lation at this time, and therefore we have been
simply in a position of " masterly inactivity," in
which I intend to remain until I have facts fur-
nished me to change my opinion.
Mr. POLK. I take leave to say that I agree
with those Senators who think that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from North Carolina
is not germane to the subject; and if I could, by
any vote, exclude it, I would willingly do so. If
it were in order to vote to lay it on the tabic with-
out the whole resolutions lying on the table also,
I should vote to lay it on the table. But, sir, we
have to vote on the proposition. Now, I believe
it is not true, as will be asserted by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi to the prop-
osition of the Senator from North Carolina, that
legislation is necessary; therefore, I cannot vote
that it is necessary. I believe, on the other hand,
that it is true—as I am at present advised—that
legislation is not necessary. Now, sir, when I
am called upon to vote on that proposition, I must
vote what I believe to be true; and I must vote,
therefore, that it is not necessary. I cannot vote
what would be tantamount, perhaps, to an un-
truth. I cannot vote against the resolution when
I should be induced otherwise to do it, not be-
cause the resolution is not true, but because the
resolution is out of place and outof time. I think
myself it is eminently outof place; butinasmuch
as it is in time and in order, and we are compelled
to vote upon it, I myself must vote against the
amendment offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, on the one hand, and in favor of the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from North Caro-
lina on the other; because I believe it asserts the
truth.
Mr. GWIN. I now raise the point of order I
made,and I appeal from the decision of the Chair,
that, to lay the resolution of the Senator from
North Carolina on the table, will take the series
of resolutions upon which we have been voting
with it. In my judgment, with all proper respect,
I think that the Chair has decided wrong, in de-
ciding that this resolution could be introduced in
order when we were voting upon a series of reso-
lutions. In my judgment, no resolution, such as
that offered by tlie Senator from North Carolina,
could be introduced in order; but I waive that
question, and I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, that the motion to lay this resolution on
the table takes the whole series of resolutions
upon which we have been voting with it; and on
that appeal 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Thegentleman has no
right to appeal from the decision of the Chair. It
was made some time ago. There have been pro-
ceedings and speeches made since. He yielded
at the time to the decision of the Chair; and it
cannot be possible that we are to have a question
of order of this sort raised now.
Mr. GWIN. I did not make the motion. I
only made an inquiry. I make the motion now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Chair understood
you to make it, for he overruled you, decided
against you, as 1 understood him; and the Chair
can say nothing now but that the question has
been raised and decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was raised by the Senator from California; and
the Chair ruled that laying the amendment on the
table would carry the resolutions with it; and the
Chair is informed that that has been the ruling of
the Presiding Officers of the Senate; and the Chan-
believes it to be in accordance with parliamentary
law, as laid down by Mr. Cushing, and other
writers. The Chair will, however, submit the
question to the Senate. If the Senator appeals,
the Chair will put the appeal. If he does not
appeal, the Chair will submit it to the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I want the question decided. Let
the Chair submit it to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California takes an appeal from the decision
of the Chair. The question is, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate'"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will indulge me
a moment on the point of order 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that there can be
no appeal.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Chair to say
that if the Senator from California would appeal,
the Chair would put the question on the appeal;
but that if there was no appeal, the Chair would
submit the question to the Senate. I understand
the Senator from California to say that, in that
view, he does not appeal; therefore, I suppose,the
Chair will put the question to the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that it is-too late
to go back now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that there is Noth-
ing to submit to the Senate. What is the propo- .
sition here ? A question is asked of the Pi*esidiHjg
Officer. No motion has yet been made to lay the-
amendment offered by the Senator from North-
Carolina on the table. There is no practical ques-'
tion before the Senate on which the Presiding
Officer can decide. The question has not arisen.
When the Senator from California makes his mo-
tion to lay the amendment on the table, and the
Senate lays it on the table, if it shall do so, then
the question will arise whether the resolutions are
not all upon the table. The Chair has intimated
its opinion what the effect of such a vote would
be, that they will all go on the table; and certainly
that has been the decision heretofore of the Sen-
ate. A different rule prevails, I believe, in the
House 
Mr. CLINGMAN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But, according to general
parliamentary law, you cannot lay on the table a
portion of the proposition without carrying the
whole.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is just the same in the
House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whether it is so in the
House or not, I do not know. I thought perhaps
they could lay an amendment oil the table there
under the rules; but that is immaterial. It can-
not be done here, and there is no question to sub-
mit to the Senate. Have you got this question ?
It will be time enough to decide it; it will be time
enough to the Senate whether the whole series
of resolutions goes or not, when the motion is
made, and we have acted upon it. I insist that
it would be entirely out of order to submit to the
Senate, at this stage of the proceedings, whether
it will decide to lay upon the table a part of these
resolutions or not. It would be like adopting a
new rule here in the midst of the passage of a bill.
[" Question " ttuestion!"]
Mr. PUGH. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California withdraw the appeal ?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is: on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man.]
Mr. POWELL. Before this vote is taken, I
desire to say that, for the reasons assigned by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Wigfall,] I shall
vote against the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr, Brown] to the resolution of the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,]
offered as an amendment to the resolutions under
consideration, and against that resolution itself.
The resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] assert great political principles. The
amendment proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina asserts a fact about which he and the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] differ. I
will state, furthermore, that, whenever it shall be
made known, by experience or, otherwise, that
further legislation is necessary to protect either
persons or property in the Territories of the
Union, I am ready to vote for it.
Mr. MASON. I understand the Senator from
Mississippi to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I objected to withdrawing it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays were ordered, and it requires unanimous
consent. . ,
Mr. MASON. Of course, then, it could not be
withdrawn.
Mr. PUGH. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. LANE. I only desire to say, in relation
to the series of resolutions, a portion of which I
have already voted in favor of, that I shall vote
in favor of the rest; for the whole of them to-
gether meet with my hearty approbation. They
assert the truth; they assert the great principle
that the constitutional rights of the States are
equal; that the States have equal rights in this
country under the Constitution, and, as I under-
stand it, they must be maintained in that equality.
These resolutions only assert that principle; and
I say that it is a misfortune to the country, m my
opinion, that the principles laid down m these
