1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En- 1
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint
resolution for the relief of the contractors of the
Post Office Department; when the Speaker signed
the same.
STEAMBOAT PXSSENGER BILL AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was, I
say, contended that this restriction was against
the interests of our commerce and in favor of the
interests of foreign commerce, and that the ocean
steamers of other countries were permitted to
carry a larger number of passengers in proportion
to their tonnage than the number here fixed. Now,
by a reference to the acts of the Butish Parlia-
ment on this subject, which I have here before mo,
I find that the restriction in this bill is no greater,
if as great, as the restriction imposed under the
act of Parliament.
Sir, this act provides that no ship propelled by j
sails only shall carry a greater number of persons j
(including every person on board) than in the :
proportion of one statute adult to every two tons I
of her registered tonnage. Now, the English !
mode of registering the tonnage of steamships ■
excludes everything pertaining to their motive j
f)Ower; so that by the act of Parliament which I !
toid in my hand, the steam-going vessels of Great !
Britain will not be permitted to carry a greater ,
number, if as great a number, of passengers as
this bill provides that American steam-going ves- |
sols may o.nrry.
Now, sir, to refer for one moment to some of,
these .Heam-^oing vessels which go out of the port 1
ofNewYork. You will see what limitation will be
placed upon these steamship owners, and whether ,
this bill bears unnecessarily heavy upon them. I
For instance, let us refer to the steamship Au-
gusta, of thirteen hundred and .seventy tons bur-
den, running out of the port of New York; how
many passengers will she he allowed to eawy
under this bilP Why, sir, she may carry three
hundred and seventy passengers. Isnotihuta
sufficient number of passengers for a vessel of that
amount of tonnage? Take the Arago, a foreign- ,
going steamer of twenty-two hundred and iorty
tons; how many passengers can she carry under
this limitation of one passenger to evei y three and
a half tons tonnage? She may carry six hun- 1
dred and forty passengers- -literally a small army.
And will gentlemen gravely come here and ask
Congress to allow a greater limit than that ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Is that the
number inclusive of the crew '
Mr. WASHiiURNK,of 1 Ihnois. No, sir; ex-
clusive of the crew. Tins bill allows the numbei
of passengers { have mentioned, exclusive of the ■
number of oj'icers and crew winch may be on
board.
Then, sji-, I will call your attention to 1 ho effect
this law wiil have m refeieiire to some of the i
steamships ^uingont of the port, of New York to '
Panama and other points. Take, for instance, ;
the North Star, with a registered tonnage of eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-seven tons; how many >
passengers can she carry under this bill? She '
may carry five hundred and thirty passengers. Is
that not a sufficient number? Who objects to
that? Gentlemen come here from New York and i
say: " Why, you will break down our commerce." ■
You broken clown, with the permission to carry
five hundred and thirty passengers on a steamer ;
of less than nineteen hundred tons! The passage j
money taken for passage by these steamers ranges !
from two handled to live hundred dollars for every !
passenger to California. Why. sir, every trip of
one of these steamers makes for her owner what
would be an independent loituiie for a modest
man. ;
Then there is a smaller class of steamers, i
Take, for instance, the Star of the West, with i
eleven hundred tons. She is allowed three hun- ;
dred and thirty passengers. Then, going on the ;
Pacific coast, let us see how the matter stands
there. There is the Cortez, of eleven hundred
and seventeen tons. She could carry three hun- ■
dred and twenty passengers. There is the Golden i
Gate, of two thousand tons. She could carry five j
hundred and ninety passengers, under this bill. 1
Yet we are told that we are confining the owners !
of steamships to too small a number of passen-
gers; that we are striking at a great interest. !
Now, Mr Speaker, I think I have convinced ,
the House that the provision of law which is
sought to be adopted in this bill is a provision em-
inently just, and demanded by every considera-
tion of public interest as well as of humanity.
The constituents of every man on this floor who
have traveled on one of these California steamers,
can tell, And have told, of the abuses which grow
outof the crowdmgof these steamers as they have
been crowded heretofore. Very often as many as
twelve hundred passengers have gone out in one
of these California steamers of one thousand or
twelve hundred tons burden, and these passengers
have no place to sleep or eat. A gentleman who
had seen how these steamers going out of New
York were crowded, remarked that the passengers
were crowded together like hogs and fed like dogs.
That is one of the evils which this bill proposes
to remedy. Then wu propose—and I have re-
ferred to this provision befoie—that it shall be the
duty of the inspectors to examine these vessels
within a given tune, to see whether they remain
sound; to see whether the rot has commenced in
them. There was a case which was referred to
when this subject was under consideration in the
last Congress—the case of the Illinois, which was
supposed to be sound, yet when she came to be
examined by the inspectors, sin1 was found to be
rotten almost from stem lo stern. This hill pro-
vides that nt stated periods these vessels shall be
examined tor the j impose of ascertaining whether
they tire sound and seu-woithy or not.
Then we have a provision in relation to lights;
and I will frankly say in this connection, that
there are some things m this bill winch I have no
practical knowledge in reference to.
Mr. ('RAWFORD. lie fore t lie gentleman leaves
the point of these inspectors, to which he was
speaking, 1 desire to osk him a question m rela-
tion to the increased cost to the Uovcrnment that
will bo mom cd imdei this 1 >>II > I ask the gentle-
nun how m.my more inspectors are authorized
(o be appointed I luui Were provided for under the
law of Atwhat points are these inspectors
to be chosen, and what additional boards of in-
spectors .ire provided for?
Mr. WASH 1-UJUNE, of Illinois. I thank the
gentleman from Georgia for his suggestion, for I
mi<>ht have otherwise, passed over these points
without suiUcienl explanation, lly reference to
the lepori, the gentleman will liiul That if thepro-
visions of this bill are adopted—and 1 call the at-
tention of the i.'/'iitlrinan from Georgia to the fact
—(he inspector-* who have heretofore leon ap-
pointed by the judges of the district courts are
done aw.ty wit 11, and iho fees, which under the
old system were paid into their pockets, now go
into the Tieasury. If this bill be passed, then
you abolish that system; you lepeal a portion of
the law of ItsfcS, winch provides for the inspection
of hulls and boilers by inspectors to be appointed
bv the judges of the district courts; and m bring-
ing in die ferry-boat?:, tug-boats, and freight-boats
under the law of ]85'-2, and in doing away with
the inspectors in New York under this law, we
have had to provide two additional inspectors to
take their place. We have had to provide two
inspectors, 1 repeat, to take the. place of those who
were appointed by the district judge under the
law of 1H38.
Mr. CLARK, ofNiw York. If my friend will
peimitme, I will hand him a table, which I have
taken the pains to prepare, showing precisely the
increased expense of the execution of the proposed
law of JHf>0 over that of ff tl io gentleman
will permit me, 1 will hrietly state the results.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man will have an opportunity to make hisaigu-
ment. 1 am not aware what are the calculations
made by the gentleman from Now York. Perhaps
they may ditler somewhat from my own.
i wiil go on with my answei to the inteirogatory
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.)
In addition to the offices really created by this bill,
in the State of New York, upon the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, we have
provided for an additional supervising inspector
for the Pacific coast.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That provision is made
in the seventeenth section of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir. It
was deemed absolutely necessary, in oider to carry i
out the objects of the law, that this additional su- |
pervising inspector should be created. The gen- j
tleman from Georgia is aware that, under the'law I
of 1852, nine supervising inspectors were provided
to carry out the provisions of that law. The coun-
try was to be divided up into inspection districts,
and to cach district a supervising inspector was to
be assigned. In this bill, we have created an ad-
ditional supervising district for the Pacific coast.
In addition to the offices I have already alluded
to, there are four boards of local inspectors cre-
ated. That, I presume, is one of the matters
which the gentleman from Georgia desires to come
at. They are as follows: one at Memphis, Ten-
nessee; one atPaducah, Kentucky; one at Oregon
City, Oregon; and one at Galena, Illinois. Acting
somewhat under the advice and by the suggestion
of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Committee
on Commerce were very much indisposed to con-
stitute these new boards, unless it was shown that
they were demanded by the wants and interests of
the country. If gentlemen will refer to page 16
of the report, they will find a letter addressed to
me, as chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
by the then Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Guth-
rie, as far back as J85G. It is as follows, and de~
servcs*partieular attention:
Treasury Department, April 21,1S56.
Sir: 1 have examined ihe bill to amend the act passed
the ^Otii ol Au^u.-t, 1852, for the better bceurity of the lives
ot pdsbengeis, &c., with the remaiks of the board of super-
vising inspector.?, and think the new piovisions well cal-
j ciliated to effect the objects intended by the original act;
; and doubt not, it' it receive the sanction of Congre*^, that
> the law can be better and inoie satisfactorily enforced.
I have feaied the new boauls of local inspectors, pro-
vided in the fourteenth .section, might open the door to the
creation ot boaul> at many places where they were not
needed, and lender the execution of the law inefficient by
the too great multiplication of the otticcis. ' After d con-
sultation with the boaul, and hearing their icasons for the
eMablUmient ot theboaid^> at Galena and Oregon, I see the
piopnetv of boaids, at those places, and that the same ne-
does not c\i-t at other places; .mil that, with a
prompt and vigilant sotviee on the partol the boauls author-
ized, the law can he carried into cllect without inconveni-
ence to the inteie^t involved.
The Dopaitment, in order to see that the law wa-s exe-
cuted, has sent an agent to visit and report upon the oper-
ation of the law and its execution in the several districts,
and to attend the meeting of the board, under the general
supervising authority vested m the Secietary. It would be
inoie effectual to give the Dopaitment dnect authority to
do this, and let the Department have a representative in the
deliberations of the boaid.
To effect this, I submit the inclosed amendment to be
added to the twenty-sixth section of the proposed act.
1 am, vcij respectfully,
.TAMILS GUTHRIE,
Sccrelai y of the Treasury.
Ifon. R. B. W^SHBURNr, Chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, Home of Representatives.
I have an official statement of the steamboats
inspected at Galena, and many of them owned
there. It adds force to the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury. By this statement it
will bo seen that the inspection of steam vessels
at tho port of Galena for the year ending 31st
December, 1857, shows twenty-three steam ves-
sels owned and inspected there, sixty-one pilots,
and fifty-four engineers examined. Here are one
hundred and fifteen engineers and pilots to be ex-
amined, and between twenty and thirty steam-
boats to be inspected, at the port of Galena. Now,
there is no supervising inspector nearer Galena
than Monroe, Michigan, some five hundred miles
distant. To have a steamboat inspected there, or
an engineer or pilot licensed by a supervising in-
spector, we have to send five hundred miles, to
Monroe, Michigan, for a supervising inspector to
come and do it. Galena, I may say, has a larger
amount of tonnage than any port, except St.
Louis, above New Orleans.
In regard to a new board for Paducah, Ken-
tucky, that matter was examined into by the
board of supervising inspectors; a board, sir,
which must be presumed to know the wants aris-
ing under the present law better than any other
men. Upon csnsultation with that board, the
( Secretary of the Treasury has recommended the
j establishment of a board of inspectors at Paducah,
' Kentucky, as_ being necessary to meet the wants
ot commerce in that region. In that view of the
case, the committee, though indisposed to creatc
new offices, deemed it imperatively demanded by
i the public interest to provide for this new board,
i In regard to the Memphis board, I have only to
| refer the gentleman to the very full and conclusive
! letter, on the subject, of the gentleman who rep-
j resents that district upon this floor. Here it is:
j Washington, January 26, 1859.
! Sir : In response to your favor of inquiry concerning
; the number ot steamboats in the Memphis trade, their ton-
nage, Etc., showing the necessity of the establishment of
