1860.
THE COTOBESS1QNAL GLOBE.
Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Reuben Davis, Dimmick, Ed-
mundson,Garnett,GartreII, Jackson, Keitt,Kunkel, Lamar,
Landrum, Maelay, McEae, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Ruf-
fin, Simms, Singleton, Stevenson, Thomas, Whiteley, and
Wright.
For Mr. Quarlcs—3£e?srs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Bouligny, Brabson, Briggs, Hatton, Mallory, May-
narri, Laban T. Moore, Nelson, William N. H. Smith,
Stokes, and Webster.
For Mr. John G. Davis-—Messrs. Adrain, Horace F. Clark,
James Craig, De Jarnette, Hughes, Charles D. Martin, El-
bert S. Martin, Riggn, and Taylor.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Bristow, II. Winter Davis,
Etheridge, and J. Morrison Harris.
For Mr. Houston—Messrs. John B. Clark, Larrabec, and
Phelps.
For Mr. William N. H. Smith—Messrs. Boteler, Harde-
man, and Vance.
For Mr. Keitt—Mr. Boyce.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Vance—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr. Stokes—Mr. Hill.
For Mr. Florence—Mr. Boeock.
For Mr. Hilt—Mr. James M. Leach.
For Mr. James Stcivart—Mr. McClernand.
For Mr. Crawford—Mr. McQueen-
For Mr. John Cochrane—Mr. Pryor.
For Mr. McQueen—Mr. Pugh.
For Mr. Brabson—Mr. Ciuarles.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Stout.
For Mr. Laban T. Moore—Mr. Thomas L. Anderson.
Mi\McQJJEEN (at fouro'clockandforty-fiye
minutes, p.m.) moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the yeas*and nays.
Mr. "VVIINSLOW called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
McKnight were appointed.
The House divided; and the teller? reported—
ayes 36, noes 136.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth
voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HILL renewed the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garnett
and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes 142.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, (one
fifth not voting in favor thereof.)
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
accordingly the House (at five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saiurday, January 7, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. A. Mallery.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERIC announced as the business first in
order the question of the admissibility of the res-
olution proposed to be submitted by Mr. Mont-
gomery, on the 5th instant.
XXIE SPEAKEKSHIP.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Missis-
sippi yield me four or five minutes to call the at-
tention of the House to a certain matter?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will, for the
purpose indicated.
Mr. COBB. I find, in a morning paper of this
city, an article purporting to have emanated from
Massachusetts. I want the ear of the Massachu-
setts delegation, particularly, to know whether it
is a forgery or not. ff it be authenticated by them
as being a true article, as being what it purports
to be, I want to have it read. It was published
far East, in the Barnstable Patriot. Is that in
Massachusetts? [A voice, Yes, sir!"] Far
East almost as the sun rise s upon our country.
(A voice on the Republican side, " Cape Cod!"]
I call attention to it for various purposes. If it
be genuine, then I am glad, that, after searching
the rubbish of Massachusetts many years, after
digging long and arduously, to discover one single
jewel, I have at length discovered this one, for if
it be true, it is a jewel, and that jewel ought to
be made public, so that the South and the whole
country may understand it. 1 will have it read,
and then I may make a comment upon it. It
comes from the Barnstable region of country,
when; the sun rises. It is taken from a Demo-
cratic paper; and if the Democracy of Massachu-
setts indorses the sentiments contained in that ar-
ticle, it will tell the northern people, as well as the
southern people, what Democracy is where the
sun begins to rise. 9
The article was read, as follows:
"Union Meeting in Mass a ciiusetts.—A grand conserv-
ative meeting has just been held in Barnstable, Cape Cod,
a full account of which we find in the Barnstable Patriot.
The call was signed by about eight hundred of the most
substantial citizens of that vicinity. Hon. George Mars-ton
presided, assisted by a large number of vice presidents and
secretaries. Patriotic addresses were made by Mr. Marston,
Colonel J. H. Wright, and Colonel G. B. Phinoey, editor
of the Patriot, who presented the following resolutions,
which were enthusiastically adopted:
" 1. Resolved, That, not as adheients of any party, butas
inhabitants of the county of Barnstable, and still higher, as
citizens of the United States, whose properly on the ocean
is eveiywhere piotected under the Ameiiean flag, and our
prosperity derived from commercial intercourse with all
the States, South and North, we deem it a public duty to
assemble together ' to give expression to our opinions in
view of the present disturbed condition of public sentiment
and the dangers which thieaten the Union.'
'•'2. That the highest political duty devolving upon a
free people i.s obedience to the laws aud a sacred regard
to all constitutional obligations.
" 3. That the Constitution and laws of the United States
are < the supreme law of the land? in Massachusetts as well
as in every other State; and the Legislature, the Execu-
tive, and ail judicial officers, as well as every citizcn, are
bound thereby, and cannot disregard or violate the same
without violating their oaths and their allegiance.
"4. That tlie Constitution of the Union guaranties to
every State protection against invasion and domestic.vio
lence,and the laws lightly piovide foi calling out the militia
of the Suites, (which can consist only of ' white able-
bodied men,5) and employing the Army and ISavy of the
United States, to supptc^s insunection in any State, when-
ever it arises, whetner from blaves or citizens incited to
rebellion.
" 5. Theicforc, that all attempts in the Union by any
portion of the people of one State, whether by teaching
or preaching, or other means, to incite insurrection in an-
other State, or to stir up any class or race governed by its
laws to resistance and bloodshed, is moral treason against
the Constitution in all persons who thus aid and abet such
an enterprise; and is actual treason in those who, as the
willful or fanatical instiumcnts ot'such incitements, commit
overt acts of violence mul murder, and justly deserve the
highest punishment known to the laws.
"6. That m this view the leccnt invasion of our sister
State of Vnginta, in all it< piouiptings, borumg-s and acts,
is a gross violation ofevei v moral, legal, and constitutional
obligation which binds together these States in one com-
mon bond oi Union , and that Massachusetts has no lnoie
right to complain of Vngmta loi inflicting the penalty of
her offended laws on John Brown and his followeis than
Virginia has to complain of Massachusetts lor executing
the pirates, incendiaries, and murderers that fiom time to
time have paid theioifeitof their lives within her juris-
diction.
'<7. That if we mean to lecognize our duty under the
Constitution to aid in the suppiession of insurrection
throughout the Union, whether civil or servile, (and which
duty vvc cannot repel without so far dissolving the bond of
Union,) il becomes especially our duty as honest men and
good citizens neither to encourage, countenance, nor incite
such teachings, contributions, or acts as lead directly to a
seditious orarmed interference with the domestic relation;}
ot a bister State under any pictext whatever, whether it be
to compel her to change her laws, oi to ftoc her f-ldves, ot
to aid them in escaping fiom service and labor.
" 8. That this duty involve?* no infringement of free
speech oi free acts, because it the act itself be a crime, no
man has a right, by speech or deed, to aid m inciting otheis
to comimtcnme anymoie i ban he has to commit the crane
himself.
" 9. And, therefore, it morally and logically follows that
sympathy with John Brown is sympathy with the crimes
of muidei aud ticason under the laws of a sifter State and
the Constitution of the United States, which makes us one
people, and that to pretend to condemn the act and approve
the motive js only saying we approve of motives which
must be cununal, becau&o they load ducetiy to the com-
mission of crime.
u 10. That, as loveis of the Union and friends of this
gieat family uf State>, wc repel all such sympathy, and re-
gard as enemies of our beloved country all who dc-ism, by
wouloract. to bring about a conflict or division between
the different sections, which, if persisted m,mun lead to a
dissolution ot that Union, which leaves every State the sov-
ereign of its owndomeMic institutions, and by the blessing
of God fi.ts? made u? a tneat people, enjoying more of gen-
eral pro-penty and individual libeiij than wa-s ever bcxoie
vouchsafed to" any nation upon euilh
'• 11. That. it is apparr ntfiom history that the Consti-
tution could not have been established by V  ashington,
Adams, Jeffcison, .Madison, and their compatriots without
in:-urmg the rights therein sccurcd to the southern States, it
is manifest that the Noith cannot honestly icmam m the
Union and enjoy all its benefits without a just compliance
with the obligations and duties which the Constitution en-
joins towauis sister States?
"T2. And thercfo;e we hold all Union-haters and sym-
pathizer-. witli insurrection, murder, and servile war to be
the enemies of our peace and piosperitv as manneis, mer-
chant*, and farmers of Cape Cod, whose rights, piopsrtv,
and independence, abioad and at home, depend on oui
maritime and commercial relations with all the States and
all the world, and especially upon protection under the un-
divided national Hag of the'Union.
£C Although the night was stormy, the meeting was one
of the largest and most enthusiastic ever held in that place.
Several letters were read from distinguished persons, who
cordially approved the object of the meeting, but weie un-
able to attend."*
Mr. COBB. How many men in this House
can say " Amen" to that?
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I yielded lo, the
gentleman from Alabama fof a few'm0ttt©at%0Bi^,
and I cannot permit him to yield it to any
else.
Mr. COBB. Then I cannqt give irajr to the
(gentleman from Massachusetts.. ■
Mr. DAWES. A? the M^ssachu&ett? delegation
was especially called upon to respond, I \yish to
inquire if they should not be permitted to respond?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have matters
which I wish to present to the How§e, and I idid
not expect that my yielding to the gentleman from
Alabama would give rise to any discussion.-
Mr. DAWES. It occurs to methstthe courtesy:
which we always receive at the hands of th.e gen-
tleman from Mississippi would also permit the
gentleman who represents the Barnstable tjigtriet
to respond to the inquiry.
Mr. ELIOT. If the honorable gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw his notice to the delega-
tion from Massachusetts, until the honorable gen-
tleman from Mississippi has concluded lay re-
marks;, I apprehend that he will find us ahv&yg
ready tq respond to any invitation.
Mr. COBB. I think I can settle this matter,
I withdraw my call for an answer now- After th<a
gentleman fr.oni Mississippi gets through, the Rep-
resentatives from Massachusetts may answer $t
any time. But one word in connection with tliflag
resolutions.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the honorable g^ntlgma#,
before he proceeds, allow the call for that mpptjmg
to ba read ? • ,
Mr. COBB. It was called by. eight hundred
citizens.
Mr. ELIOT. I would like the terms of the eall
to be read.
i Mr. COBB. I believe it was read.
I Mr. ELIOT. No, sir. [Cries of " Read thft
1 call!"] '
I The CLERK. The introduction to the reso-
lutions is simply this 
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; read the call for the
meeting.
The CLERK. It is not here.
Mr. COBB. It is not there, I suppose. Now.
I want to say to my friends at the North, that i
love to see these Union meetings; but I want them
to be predicated upon such sentiments as are em-
bodied in those resolutions. The vilest abolition-
ists in the country may be ready to assemble to-
gether and pronounce for the Union. But a Union
for what? Let them say for what. If the object
of your Union meetings is to preserve the Con-
stitution, I say go on with your Union meetings,
and l"t us have them all over the North. But let
the people who assemble in these Union meetings
demonstrate what the purpose of the Union is;
whether it is to preserve the Constitution, and
impart justice to every porti'on of the Confederacy,
or whether it is a Union for the purpose of coer-
cing any particular section of the Union into obe-
dience to such whims and such sentiments as they
may proclaim. I will tell you what I want our
northern friends to do. I want my friends in the
North—not my friends only, but the friends of
|' the whole country, the friends of the Union pred-
jj icated upon the Constitution—to do as I believe
Catharine II did when she wrote over the gates
of Byzantium " inhoc signo unices." Let that be
inscribed over the door of every Union meeting;
let it be so written that those who pass along to
attend those meetings may understand that they
are rallying to the support of the Union for the
maintenance of the Constitution and theimparting
of equal rights to all sections. Inhoc signo twees.
I trust that under that sign they will conquer.
Mr. ELIOT. The honorable gentleman from
Alabama does not—with the leave of the gentle-
man from Mississippi—say anything new to the
delegation from Massachusetts; nor does he say
anything new to the citizens of Massachusetts,
when he asks you to read from your desk those
Union-loving resolutions. Why," sir, there is not
a more constitutional, nor a more conservative (to
use the language of the other side of the House)
constituency m the United States, than that which
lives there where the first landing was had; where,
in 1G02, Bartholomew Gosnolu first placed his
foot on this continent; and, sir, from the time when
the Mayflower landed at Provincetown to the time
when the Constitution was accepted, and from
thence down to this present hour, there has not
' been a bo.dy of men that would more assuredly,
