1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other olncer of the Government, in theexecution
of this law, would put .such a construction upon it
as that put by the President of the United States
in the veto message now before us for considera-
tion ? This objection is too palpable and too far-
fetched to require further comment from me or
anyone else who is at all disposed to give lan-
guage its plain and obvious meaning. 1 look upon
' this allusion as a mere appeal to a prejudice which
exists in reference to the foreign population of
'this country. If the argument of the President
in reference to foreigners in connection with the
homestead measure is sound, it is equally strong
against our whole land system, which no v offers
cheap land from one dollar and twenty-five cents
to twelve and a half cents per acre, and nothing
to prohibit foreigners from entering those lands at
those j  rices without even becoming citizens of the
United States. Our preemption laws now permit
all persons who are twenty-one years of age, and
all persons of foreign birth, upon a simple decla-
ration of intention, to become preemptors, and to
acquire their titles as such. All this seems not
to have entered the President's mind heretofore.
Hence his veto message is, in fact, an argument
again'st our whole land system. I will here sub-
mit, without further argument, this portion of the
veto message to the judgment of an enlightened
public.
But the main argument of the President, his
principal battery, is directed to the tenth section of
the bill, which surrenders the land to the States
in which it lies, after the lapse of thirty years.
Most of the land to be surrendered to the States
by that section, as I have already shown, will go
to the southern States. The Executive has dis-
covered all at once that that is an infraction of the
Constitution of the United States. How won-
derfully constitutional we get at times! It is
entirely constitutional to grant millions upon mil-
lions of acres to aid in the construction of rail-
roads; but when it comes to granting an alternate
quarter section to the honest pioneer, the hardy
man of the forest, upon which he may make a
suppoit for his wife and his little ones, the Con-
stitution blazes up before him and interposes an
impenetrable and insurmountable barrier. If you
will turn to the report of your Secretary of the
Interior, you will find that forty million acres
called swamp lands have been surrendered to the
States, for which patents have been issued. That
was not unconstitutional; but when it comes to
giving land to the man who is poor, who is de-
pendent upon his own muscular power for the
support of himself and his family, the Constitu-
tion cannot be got over. When it comes to grant-
ing lqnd by tlx- wholesale and appropriating mil-
lions of acres for other purposes, the Constitution
is so bioad that you can drive a six-horse team
and wagon clear through it anywhere. _Wo have
granted twenty-four million acres to aid in the con-
struction of railroads; this all seemed to be con-
stitutional. There was a proposition before the last
Congress to grant alternate sections to a railroad
two thousand miles lonir, running from the valley
of the Mississippi to San Francisco, on the Pacific
coast. This grant was to run twenty miles on cach
side of the road, which would make a solid belt
of land two thousand miles long and twenty miles
wide—making an area of forty thousand square
miles—making more than an average sized State
of the Confederacy. This was proposed to be
g;iven in one single grant, to aid m the construc-
tion of a railroad; and in addition to that, twenty-
live million more, in Government scrip, to induce
the company,! suppose, to accept a grant of pub-
lic landamounting to forty thousand square miles.
Here is a proposition to pass through the Con-
stitution a grant of land, as before remarked, two
thousand miles long, twenty miles wide, with
$25,000,000 as an inducement; and the Presi-
dent of the United Suites thinks this all con-
stitutional and expedient under the war-making
power of the Constitution. But there is no pro-
vision in the Constitution which opens wide
enough to let an honest settler have one hundred
and sixty acres at twenty-five cents per acre. In
the one case the road is necessary for the trans-
portation of men and munitions of war. It would
seem that populating a country, and thereby in-
creasing its productions, is as clearly constitu-
tional, under the war-making power, as it is to
have a railroad to transport them upon after they
are produced. It is as-necessary to have men and
provisions, to the successful prosecution of a war,
as itis to have a railroad to transport them upon.
The railroad and the war-making power of the
Constitution would be entirely useless and un-
meaning without men and provisions to sustain
the country in its hour of peril. The homestead,
in fact, constitutes, m part, the true basis of the
war power, and is as constitutional under the
war-makingpoweras the constructionofrailroads
by the aid of the Federal Government.
If this bill !)c unconstitutional, there is no bill
that, could be passed which is constitutional. As
to the cost of the lands, if you will turn to the
report of the Secretary of the Interior you will
find that their cost is put down at twenty-two and
a half cents an acre, and that the public lands, as
far back as 1850, had yielded $60,000,000 more
than they cost the Government. One hundred
and seventy-three million dollars have been re-
ceived from the public lands—extorted from the
sons of the West in the forest. Will not the
Piesident take into account that theie will still be
preemptors; that there will still be purchasers of
land? The lowest price under this bill is twenty-
five cents per aere: and if the land goes to public
sale it will bring $1 25. Surely,then, the average
will be far above twenty-two and a half cents,
which is the cost of the lands to the Government.
Certainly, the President has not examined the
statistics of the question. I say, in my place,
that if he had understood it, he would not have
made such a statement as he has made in Ins mes-
sage; and if he did not undcistand it, he had no
right to state to the American people that which
he did not know.
It seem*! to me that it must be evident that this
bill is a revenue measure. Here are fifty-six
million acres to be offered at public sale accord-
ing to the discretion of the Executive, and those
who will enter land at $1 25 an acre can do so.
Many acres will yet be sold; for there will be
many men who do not want to be settlers, but
who will make investments in the public lands if
you hold out inducements to settlement; because,
just m proportion as the settlements increase and
cultivation increases, in the same proportion you
enhance the value of the land, and increase the
inducement to make investments of money in the
public domain.
I have often heard that this world is all a fleet-
ing show; that it is constantly changing; men arc
changing. These arc changing and revolutionary
times. It seems to me that the President of the
United States, in his inaugural address, gave us a
slight glimpse of a homestead; but to-day, in his
veto message, the curtains arc all let down, every-
thing is daikness and doubt, and he does not leave
even a gle tin to come from beyond that would in-
dicate that he is for any sort of a homestead meas-
ure. In his inaugural address he used this re-
markable language:
£; No nation in the tide of time has ever been blessed
with so tich and noble an inheritance as we enjoy m the
public laud?, in administering this- important trust, whilbt
it may bo wise to grant pouioiri of them for the improve-
ment of the icmamder, yet we should never forget that il is
oui cardinal policy to icscivc these laiuK, much as may
bc,foi actual settlors, andthjeat rnodeiate prices."
Does not this bill dispose of the lands to actual
settlers at moderate prices5 In framing it, this
very paragraph of the President's inaugural ad-
dress was kept in view. He proceeds:
We shall thus not only be^t promote the ptosperity of
the new States and Terntorie-3 by fiirmsbnis them aluudy
and independent lace ot honest and industrious citizen*,
but shall secure homes tor our children, and our children's
children, as well as for those exiles nom foreign chores
who may seek m this country to improve their condition j
and to enjoy the blessing-* ot civil and religious liberty."
Then the foreigners did not rise before his ima- j
gination in terrific proportions; but he was for j
inducing them to come here: j
" Such emigrants have done much to promote the growth j
and prosperity of the country. They have proved faithful ;
both in peace and in war. After becoming citizens, they j
arc entitled, under the Constitution Snd laws, to be placed i
on a perfect equality with native-born citizens; and in this
character they should ever be kindly lucognized."
Is there anything in this homestead bill that
this paiagraph does not cover? "Oh, consist-
ency! thou art a jewel" much to be admired, but
j rarely to be found. Perhaps the President is too
far advanced in life now to undertake the difficult
task of explaining and defending his inconsisten-
cies; but the fact that he is inconsistent, and
changes his opinion with reference to a great
measure and a great principle, is no reason why
a Senator or Representative, who has acted un«
derstandingly,upon his own deliberate judgment,
on a measure that has been discussed for fifteen
years, in Congress and before the people, should
change his opinion. The President of the United
States presumes—yes, sir, X say presumes—to
dictate to the American people and' to •the-two
Houses of Congress, in violation of the spirit, if
riot the letter, of the Constitution, that this meas-
ure shall not become a law. Why do I say this?'
I ask, is there any difference hi the spirit of the
Constitution whether a measure is sanctioned by
a two-thirds vote before its passage or afterwards?
When a measure has been vetoed by the Presi-
dent, the Constitution requires that it shall be
reconsidered and passed by a two-thirds vote, in
order to become a law. But here, in the teeth of
the Executive, there was a two-thirds yote in
favor of this bill. The vote was thirty-six to two
in this body. The two Houses have said that
this bill is constitutional and right. In the other
House, reflecting the popular sentiment of tlib
nation, the vote was one hundred and twelve to
fifty-one—ten more than the two-thirds majority
which the Constitution requires; and when there
is a two-thirds vote for a measure, I say it is
against the spirit of the Constitution for the Ex-
ecutive to say," no; you shall not have this meas-
ure; I will take all the chances of vetoing it."
I am one of those who have always been the
advocate of the veto power under the Constitu-
tion. When "Bare majorities have passed bills, it
is a salutary check to arrest what may be called
hasty and intemperate legislation. I nave advo-
cated its exercise, though seldom and cautiously,
in that view; but, sir, when, according to the
spirit, if not according to the exact letter of the
Constitution, a measure has been passed by a
two-thirds vote of both Houses, after a discussion
of fifteen years, showing that it is not hasty or
improvidentlegislation—I say, respect to the pub-
lic, judgment of the nation,respocttoboth Houses
of Congress, should have been a great inducement
to the Executive to approve such a bill.
1 have shown, I think, that the facts and fig-
ures and arguments presented by the Executive
give way when compared with the reality. AH
the fabric which he has reared gives way at the
touch of tiuth and sound argument. It is not my
intention to consume the ume of the Senate fur-
ther. I desired to present the facts which I have
presented. I have read a paragraph from th,e
President's inaugural address. I read ft while I
was laboring on this bill, and I" had it constantly
in my mind, and I w-as determined, as far as I
was concerned, to put the measure in a shape
that would be clearly covered by that paragraph.
In these revolutionary times it is hard to tell
where we are going, and it is, perhaps, difficult
for each individual to know his precise locality.
I started for this bill upon principle; I supported
it upon principle; I voted for it upon principle,
and I intend to follow it to its conclusion, let it
carry me where it may: for in the pursuit of a
correct principle I feel well assured that I can
never reach a wrong conclusion. Whether the
President differs from me or concurs with me, I
do not intend to bear either to the right or to the
left, but my course is onward and direct. I hope
the Senate and House of Representatives, who
have sanctioned this bill by a more than two-
thirds majority, will, according to the Constitu-
tion, exercisc their privilege and power and let
the bill become the law of the land, according to
the high behest of the American people.
If I were disposed to take up the revenue part
of the subject, C could show most conclusively
that this bill would enhoncc the revenues of the
Government. I have on previous occasions dem-
onstrated, as clearly as anything can be proved
in arithmetic, that if you take a million heads of
families and put them upon a million quarter sec-
tions of land, if you only thereby added to their
capacity to buy goods to the amount of fifty dol-
kus5 worth per family more than they now buy,
it would increase your revenue $16,800,000 per
annum. That would be the operation of their
consumption under your present tariff system.
Increase their ability to buy, and your revenue
will be largely enhanced, because the more they
buy the more they pay under the tariif. By taking
a million men without homes, and putting: them
upon a million quarter sections now without cul-
tivators, the result will be to bring more into your
