1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■WBS
bill is founded is embodied in the first three sec-
tions. It proposes to make the interests of men
subservient to the protection of human life.
The first section declares that no owner of a
steamboat shall bo competent to effect an insur-
ance upon his boat unless the requisitions of law
in relation to its building, and in relation to the
fitting-up and construction of its machinery, and
in relation to the means and appliances to favor
the escape of passengers m the event of an acci-
dent, shall have been complied with. It declares,
in effect, that if he does not obey the law, he shall
not have the aid of the law to shield himself from
loss. It prohibits him from insuring his vessel;
and to make this prohibition operative, it allows
the underwriters, who have taken a risk upon
such vessel, to have the policy of insurance granted
by them vitiated and declared invalid if they show
that there has been a failure in fact on the partof
the owner to comply with the requisitions of'law.
The second section proposes to make it the in-
terest of all those who are charged with the man-
agement of vessels engaged in the transportation
of passengers, to give that careand attention which
is due from them to the human beings whose safety
they are, to a certain extent, responsible for ill
their capacity of common carriers. The second
section provides that 110 master of a steamer who
is in charge when a fire occurs which destroys
the boat or leads to the loss of human life or se-
rious injury to the passengers; that no engineer
of a boat who is in charge of the engine when an
explosion takes place, which occasions the de-
struction of human life or serious injury to passen-
gers; that no pilot who is in charge of the wheel
and the direction of the boat when a collision occurs
which terminates either in the loss of the vessel
or in such injury as destroys human life—that
none of these various officers shall ever be again
employed upon any steam vessel or steamboat
unless there has been an actual prosecution at law
and the verdict of the jury has not only acquitted
them of the crime with which they are charged
under our laws, in such cases, but lias declared
affirmatively that those persons—each in their re-
spective capacities—had been guilty of 110 negli-
gence 01* misconduct, and were absolutely free
from blame. That is to say, instead of allowing
persons so situated to continue in their ordinary
occupations, because there has been a failure to
* condemn them 011 account of the existence of a
doubt, of which the accused is always entitled
to the benefit, under our system of criminal law,
they are absolutely and forever excluded from
employment, in any capacity, on steamboats, un-
less the jury, upon all the evidence presented
to them, riot only refuses to find them guilty,but
decides affirmatively that they are absolutely
blameless and free from all censure when an in-
dictment has been preferred; and unless, in those
cases whore 110 indictment hasbeen preferred, the
grand jury, whose duty it was to investigate the
facts connected with any loss of life in such cases,
shall notoniy refuse to find any bill of indictment,
but shall positively declare, by a written report
accompanying their finding, that they were free
from any misconduct, negligence, or inattention
in the premises.
The third section of this bill prohibits the own-
ers of steamboats, or other vessels propelled in
whole or in pait by steam, or other persons act-
ing for them, from employing on such vessels any
person who is excluded, under the provisions of
the second section, from such employment; and
if one so situated is employed on any such ves-
sel, and the vessel should be lost or suffer injury
while he was actually so employed, it then de-
clares any policy of insurance 011 the vessel, for
the- benefit and advantage of the owners, to be ab-
solutely null and void, and takes away any right
of action upon it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it may be thought that
some of these provisions go too far.
Mr. SICKLES. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Louisiana one question in relation to the
section of the bill upon which I10 has been com-
menting. I ask him whether, when he provi4es
these disabilities upon those employed on vessels
on which accidents have happened, unless a ver-
dict shall have been rendered by^a jury, he should
not provide: "upon complaint first being made?"
Otherwise he may do injustice to these men.
Mr. TAYLOR. The design of the section is
to make it the interest of all the individuals con-
nected in any way with one of these accidents to
have a speedy investigation into the circumstances
involved in it whilst the witnesses arc m reach
and the facts are recent; for without this their
occupation is gone.
The other sections provide the means of having
a record made of the names and positions of all
those employed on vessels of this description be-
fore their departure from any port on a voyage;
it provides the machinery for having the details
of accidents given, for making the names of the
persons connected with them known, and for hav-
ing the information in relation to these accidents
placed in the hands of the district attorney of the
United States, whose duty it is to prosecute, and
for having them recorded also ill all of the custom-
houses in the United States, so that the owners of
steamboats, and all others having an interest in
knowing them may have access to them, and have
them in their reach. And this is right. The best
interests of society require, imperatively demand,
that we should, if possible, make it the interest of
all persons concerned to have these steamboat ac-
cidents fairly and properly investigated.
Wow, Mr. Speaker, the provisions in this bill
contemplate such a change in our legislation as
will enable us to apply, 111 tile interest of society
and for the preservation of human life, the same
principle to the transportation of passengers which
has obtained 111 every system of legislation from
the earliest ages of the world to the transporta-
tion of merchandise. Common carriers, under the
commercial laws of all civilized countries, as they
exist now and as they have existed for unnum-
bered centuries, when they receive a bale of mer-
chandise, which is inanimate, which cannot suffer
pain, become absolutely responsible for its safe
delivery. If it is lost or diminished in value whilst
m their possession, all presumptions are against
them; and they cannot be relieved from their lia-
bility to the owner of the merchandise unless they
show affirmatively that the loss or damage has been
caused by the act of God or of the public enemy.
This principle obtains 111 commercial law, because
the interests of trade require that the most perfect
security should be given to the meichant against
the loss or deterioration of his merchandise whilst
it is in the course of transportation. It is 111 the
interest of trade alone that the presumption of law
in such cases is in favor of tile merchant and against
the common carrier. If such a presumption is
created in the interest of trade to protect a mer-
chant against the loss of his goods from the neg-
ligence of the person he intrusts them to for trans-
portation, why, I would ask, is it that it should
not be created in the interest of society for the
preservation of its members when their persons
are-placed in his care for transportationWell,
sir, that is the precise purpose of this bill. The
provisions of the bill have this effect, and no more.
If one is in charge of a vessel when an accident
'occurs which is fatal to passengers, he is pre-
sumed to be ill fault so far that he is excluded for
the future from that species of employment, un-
less he shows himself to not have been in fault;
and this is solemnly declared by the jury empan-
eled to try him for the offense, 01 by a grand jury,
ill due course of law, upon inquiry into the facts
of the ease.
Now, for one, I am anxious that tins evil shall
be remedied; for one, I am persuaded that legis-
lation of the character which we have heretofore
had, and legislation of the character of that con-
templated by the bill which is now before the
House, will be ineffectual. You may pile up pro-
visions as long as you please m relation to the
mode of building vessels, or in relation to the con-
struction of machinery; these provisions will be
wholly ineffectual unless those who are engaged
as masters of vessels propelled oy steam, as en-
gineers, as pilots, will exercise the proper care.
No law will be effectual to give security to pas-
sengers unless it is made the interest of many to
enforce it.
It is the design of this bill to make the whole
body of underwriters, all connected with the busi-
ness of insurance, active in enforcing the penal-
ties for violations of our laws 1 emulating the con-
struction of steamers and of their machinery, and
providing for their properequipment; and to make
the masters of such vessels, and the engineers and
pilots employed on them exercise all possible earc
for the safe carriage of all who intrust themselves
to their care. What it is the interest of men to do,
that they are pretty sure to do. That is a prin-
ciple of human nature.
If the provisions of the bill I have prepared are
adopted, it becomes the interestof owners to com-
ply with all the provisions of the law in relation
to the construction of vessels and to their equip-
ment. It becomes the interest of underwriters,
those who take risks on steam vessejs, to HJafeh
over the process of building and to inquire jihto
every case of disobedience of the law. • It becomes
the interest of every officer employed' to exercise
all the care within his power to prevent accident;
for if unhappily an accident occurs while the en-
gineer is in charge, or while the piloti;', in charge,
or while the master is in charge—any- accident
leading to the loss of human life—then the .person
who is in charge is afterwards excluded from the
occupation he is engaged in, unless there is an in-
vestigation into the facts connected with the acci-
dent and there is a full declaration that he not
only is not guilty, but that he is positively free
from blame.
Now, sir, for one I am satisfied that the interest
of society requires that we should depart from
the beaten track; that we should attempt to in-
voke some new principle; that.we should attempt
to strike out some new line, of legislation for the
purpose of giving that security to the traveler
which common justice and the public interest
require.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Will the gen-
tleman from Louisiana be good enough to state
to the House what is the difference between his
measure and the bill reported from the Commit-
tee 011 Commerce? What is the gentleman's
objection to the pending bill ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I have not that acquaintance
with the subject which would entitle me to speak
with any certainty in relation to the provisions of
the bill regulating the construction of vessels or
the arrangement of machinery. The amendment
I propose is designed to enforce existing laws.
It would as well operate, no matter what legisla-
tion was afterwards had in relation to the con-
struction of vessels, 01- with a view of securing
additional safeguards providing new means to
secure escape in the event of accident. I am
perfectly indifferent whether it be adopted as an
amendment, or whether it be adopted as a substi-
tute. My own notion is, that it will make our
existing laws quite effectual if it be adopted as a
substitute. Without its adoption, however, 1 do
not believe that any additional legislation will
give any increased security.
My only object has been to call the attention of
the House to the principle of this bill. I wish to
present to them .the importance of the subject. 1
wish to state my convictions in relation to the
inefficiently of the existing laws, and my convic-
tions that any amount of legislation in the same
dncetion would still be ineffectual, unless we take
a step in a new direction and invoke the princi-
ple of human interest in the protection of human
life. And having done this, I will detain the
"House 110 longer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. There are, I think, Mr.
Speaker, a good many objections to this bill, and
I ask the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
whether it would not be the better course, instead
of considering it in the House, to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where it can be fully perfected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will call
the attention of the gentleman from Georgia to an
amended rule, which I hod lost sight of when I
was upon the floor. If the gentleman will refer
to the 50th lulc of the House, as it was amended
the othei day, he will see that this bill can be con-
sidered and acted upon in the House with just as
large privilege of amendment as it can be ill the
Committeeof the Whole 011 the state of theUnion;
that it can be perfected as well here as it can be ill
the Committee of the Whole. Hero is that rule
as amended, and I call the gentleman's particular
attention to it:
"50. The previous question shall be in this- form: ' Shall
the main question be now put?' It s>hail onlybe admitted
when demanded by a majority of the members present; and
it* effects shall be to put an end to all debate, and to bring
the House to a dncct vote upon a motion to commit, if such
motion fhail have been made; and if this motion docs not
prevail, then upon amendments reported by a committee,
if any, then upon pending amendments, and then upon the
main question. But its only effect, it'a motion to postpone
pending, shall be to bring the House to a vote upon such
motion. 'Whenever the House shall refuse to order the
mam question, the consideration of the subject shall be re-
turned as tho'igh no motion for the previous question had
been made. The Hou&e may also, at any time, on motion
i^econded by a majouty o the mcinbcj*-present, close ail
