1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
debate upon apending amendment, or an amendment there-
to, and cause the question to be put thereon; and this shall
not preclude any turthci amendment or debate upon the
hill. A call of the House sliall not be in order alter the
previous question is seconded, unless it shall appear, upon
an actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum is present."
The gentleman will see that that rule will not
preclude amendments by the call for the previous
question. If the previous question be called, it
will operate only upon the pending amendments.
We can, as well in the House as in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, go on
and amend the bill, section by section.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We will not, 1 think, have
the same advantages for explanation and amend-
ment in the House that we will in committee. I
prefer, for one, that the bill should be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. If the gentleman from Illinois objects to
the bill being referred to the committee, 1 do not
think that wc can carry a motion to refer by a vote
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With all
deference to the gentleman, I must say that 11 InnIc
his object can as well be accomplished by consid-
ering the bill in the House, as it can if we take
the bill into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CRAWFORD. In thatl disagree with the
gentleman from Illinois. Opposed to the bill in
us present form, I desire to have it amended in
several particulars; but to be candid in the mat-
ter, \ will confess that I am very nmeh inclined
to have the act of 1852 repealed. As a matter of
course, if the measure is to be passed, it is un-
pin tantto strike out such objectionable provisions
as may now exist in the bill. I have listened to
the arguments of the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, [Mr. WasiihurxFm] as well us
those submitted by tin* gentleman from Louisiana,
j Mr. Taylor,] and they have called the at trillion
of the House to the fact that there are constantly
occurring accidents by the explosion of steamboat
boilers. We are told that we are frequently called
to mourn the loss of friends by those accidents. ;
We are told of boilers bursting, and steamboats :
sinking, and vast losses of human life. i
Now, sir, in my judgment, tins House might
goon legislating on the subject from now to 41 the
crack of doom," and occurrences each year of
these steamboat disaster.* will not be prevented.
Traveling is mu<*h more common than it was a
few years ago. Accidents have occurred , and they
will continue to occur so long ns tune shall last,
and people shall travel,and all efforts being made
to prevent them must prove unavailing. We
ought to provide some means by which jui n\; will
be made to punish pilots and officers who are to
blame, in the cases teferred to by the gentleman
fn>m Xjouisiana. Hundieds of cases occur where
lives are lost,and it can be proved in yomi all ques-
tion that the accidents were owim> to the neglect
.ind eai elesxness of the pilots or other officers, and.
yet these ojflurr.s might be indicted and hinught
before the country without one of them being
found guilty and punished. I have to say, in re-
ply to the arguments which have been submitted
by the gentleman from Illinois jMr. Washburne)
and ibegeotlemanfrom Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,]
that I see nothing in this lull which, m my judg-
ment, will pivvent these steamboat accidents in
the future.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will refer to page 3 of the report, he will
see a sUitemcnf of the explosions and other dis-
asters, and the number of lives lost, for four years
prior to the act of J852, and a statement of like
accidents for four years subsequent to that act.
Theie were forty-four explosions for the four
yeara priot to the enactim nt of that law , am! one
thousand and fourteen lives were lost. In the four
Mib?e<|uent years, when tin; law of 1852 m*us in
operation, the number of explosions was only
S"ven}>and the number of lives lost one hundred
and thirty-two.
Air. CRAWFORD. And the gonth mum may
imd that four times as many lives are lost during
some one year, as dming'another year; and it
i'i owing to the fact that, immediately after some
terrible disaster and great loss of life, the parties
buerewted in the great lines of travel arc more par-
ticular in regard to the s>kill of the men they em-
ploy, the vessels they use, and are more cautious
to use every effort upon their part for the protec-
tion ofhumnn life, ^oas to givothemanm'M cased
quantity of travel. I venture the assertion that
these inspectors have not, by any inspection which
they have made, secured the life of a solitary pas-
senger. You cannot give that security by legis-
lation. Men will travel, and perhaps the number
earned upon vessels may exceed what it ought to
be; but yet you cannot control it by acts of legis-
lation. These inspectors have absolutely ren-
dered no service to the country, while they have
constantly received from the Treasury an immense
sum of money.
There arc, however, other objections to this
bill. One is, that the committee proposes a change
of the law of 1852, and to extend this inspector-
ship inside of the States, and to apply the pro-
visions of the act of 3852, by this bill, to ferry-
boats running as such under charters and licenses
granted by State or municipal authority, and
which are now exempt from its operations. In
the State of Virginia, for instance, or in any other
State, a vessel is chartered as a ferry-boat to cross
a river within its own limits, and the Congress of
the United States appoints a board of supervising
inspectors who shall absolutely legislate as to the
maimer m which that service shall be performed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will look to section twenty-eight of the bill,
he will see that his objection is obviated thereby.
Mr. CRAWFORD, if that be true, there is no
use fnr the iirsl section of the bill, m which ifmd
these words:
"That steamers used as terry boat1*, and i unnaii; as sueli
under a chattel oi liccn-c <£iai.led by any State or minuet-
pal .mtlioi11vi <uid sUmihcj > u-.ed as tie:?, tow -bo.n^, oi
!'iet^ht-lioat>, -diall lieie.iKer be >.iih)oct M the piovwoiw ol
the act entitled ''An act to amend an act entilied "An act
to provide for the bettci seeunry of the l.vc> m pa-^rniiei*
on boanl <>t vc-ir-eN piopellcd in whol" oi in pan byt^tciun,
and hu othei pin po.-e:-.." '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The twenty-
eighth section provides—
'' Thar tins act 'ii.ill nor be eon-trued jo appiv to ve-sels
of olhej eounftte-., not loam etalt employed exelu-iveh
in (lie inieni.il coninictec oi hade o) nn\ . mule S'ate, e\
cepl w hen the -;;nie h employed upon w .ftej ^ a\ Inch are
navigable ! toni the ocean by \ e* • el retristeied, or enrolled
and hocused hv iho rnited States or upon a lake or river
who>e Yvatt'i-i a e n.i\ liable by ve^ets iciristeied. or en-
lolled and licenced a-> a>oie>aul, and ibirn the boundary oi
wasluhe ^hoj es ot two or more States or Tenuous, or ot
one ot more Suuos oi Territories and a loieiijn country.''
Mr. CRAWFORD. That does not alter the
state of the cpiestion at all, for it is liable to the
very same objection which I first urged; for the
exception does not extend to more than one-half
of the navigable met":, nor to any of the great
lakes. Here these inspectors are authorized to
pass laws m direct contravention to the laws or
licenses which maybe granted to those feiry-
boats, tu;;s, and other v< ssels, and they haye the
powei, under the authouly of the United States,
to sl't at naught the laws passed by a sovereign
State of the Union. A eity, under the authonty
of her State Legislature, or under her municipal
charter, older than the Constitution it may be,
may license such vessels, and if this law is passed
and enforced, the effect of it will be to authorize
these inspectors to render nugatory the authority
so granted by any city or any Legislature in the
United States. The act of 1S52 is by this bill ex-
tended, so as to include this small craft. If is a
violation of the Constitution on the part of Con-
gress, in the first place, to legislate in this way,
namely, to allow these inspeetois the power to
make \ oid a law of a sovej eign State of the Union,
or of any municipal authority which receives its
authority oiigiaally from a State Legislature, or
under an ancient charter.
Now, when this act of 185:2 was passed, if I
am correctly infoinud in respect to if, it was not
expected that these inspectors would cost, the
bro'U'rnment a great amount of money. It was so
stated m debate \vhen the pionositiou to appoint
them was lbst made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman whether he understands that they are
now a tax upon the countiy?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do.
Mr.WA&HBUIiNE, of Illinois. Well, Ido not
Mr. CRAAVFORD. The gentleman is vastly
mistaken; and I will shtAv that they are a tax
upon the public Treasury. Under the actof 1S52,
the whole expense of these inspectors for the year
ending Jinn 30, 1850, amounted to <,81,442 33;
which was paid Horn the Treasury of the United
States. Under that act, the amount paid out of
the Treasury, for the tame period, to these in-
spectors, <■($ lht.tr salaries, was $56,300. hesid< s
their Ua\ehng expenses, which weie wholly un-
limited, except by the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Under this proposed bill, the
amount of the salaries of these officers, exclusive
of their traveling expenses, will be $77,100.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman state the amount of fees paid into the
Treasury ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will. The amount of
fees paid into the Treasury was something more
than thirty thousand dollars, while the expenses
for the same period were $81,442 33, thus fixing
upon the Treasury of the United States a chargc
of $42,000; and yet by this bill it is proposed to
increase that amount to §77,100, and traveling
expenses in addition. You propose to give the
officers, under this law of 1860, §20,100 over and
above what the inspectors were entitled to receive
under the act of 1852.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to see the gentleman's figures upon that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 have just given you the
figures. The gentleman's statement, when he
had the floor, was, that the expenses under this
bill would exceed those under the act of 1852
only $237. I will show where he is mistaken. In
the first place, these inspectors are entitled to
traveled libitum, and the amount of these trav-
eling expenses was not included in the sum speci-
fied by mc in the last remark. Now, by the sev-
enteenth section of this bill, there is to be one
supervising inspector more than wc have now,
and lie is to be entitled to §2,000 per annum, with
the traveling and other expenses heretofore al-
lowed to the other inspectors.
In the eighteenth section of the bill I find it is
provided that, m addition to the local inspectors
authorized by the act of 1852, there shall be a
board of local inspectors at Galena, Illinois—the
home of the gentleman who reports this bill;
another at Oregon City, Oregon; another at Pa-
ducab, Kentucky; and another at Memphis, Ten-
nessee. Then there are to be also two assistant
inspectors for the city of New York. That gives
us eight additional inspectors, besides one super-
vising inspector.
Then, under the twenty-first section of the bill,
the inspectors at New York and New Orleans
have the same amount ($2,000 each) which they
have heretofore received. In San Fancisco the
salary has been raised $300; in Pittsburg it lias
been raised $100; in Louisville it has been raised
$400: in Cincinnati, $100; in St. Louis, $100; and
in Philadelphia, $600; making, in the aggregate,
an increase of $1,600 for the salaries of these in-
spectors. In I)etroit it has been raised $400. In
Buffalo it is the same. In Baltimore the increase
is $200. Oregon City has been added to the ori-
ginal list, and a new inspector allowed. That
makes an additional amountof $1,200. In Boston
the increase is $200; in Mobile the same; in Cleve-
land, $300; in Chicago, $200; in Now London,
$400; in Wheeling, $200; in Charleston, $300.
It will require $2,400 for the new boards of in-
spection at Galena, Pittsburg, Memphis, and
Nashville. In Portland the salary has been in-
creased $200; in Norfolk, $200; m Galveston,
$200; in Oswego, $200; in Burlington, $200; and
m Savannah, $100. The total amountof increase
of salaries of officers is above $20,000, making
the expense of this service exceed $100,000 per
annum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Georgia does not take into considera-
tion the large amount of fees that will be pe -d into
the Treasury. On account of the abolition of the
inspectors appointed by the district judges, all
these fees will go into the Treasury, and will
almost reach the amount of additional salaries.
The reason why the salaries of inspectors are
raised, is on account of the additional duties im-
posed on the inspectors. The supervising in-
spector, and the men who have knowledge of the
matter, have not been able to find proper and
competent men who would undertake to perform
the duties for the salaries allowed under the ori-
ginal law.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That does not change the
amount of the cost to the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It certainly
does. If this law costs $20,000 more in salaries,
ond if 320,000 more is paid into the Treasury for
fees, the one balances the other.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes; but the gentleman
is mistaken as to the amount of fees that will be
received. The expenses are very easily ascer-
