THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
keep them oh oiie hundred and sixty acres of
public land during a period of five years for ttie
privilege of 'entering eighty acres of the land at
twenty-five cents peracre, in pursuance of a secret
bargain made with the settler in violation of law,
aM consequently void, when he can go direct to
the land office, and enter his eighty acres, with-
out delay and hazard, for $100.
7. His. seventh objection is the allegation that
this bill discriminates against the native-born cit-
izen in favor of the foreign-born. The Senator
from Ohio has characterized this objection as be-
neath the dignity of a legal quibble. And no one
doubts that the President gives this part of the
bill a construction not intpnded by the framer of
the bill, or either of the Committees on Public
Lands, or any one member of either branch of
Congress; and' hence, if susceptible of such a
constructioii.it could be remedied, by the passage
of a joint resolution, in less than thirty minutes.
8. His eighth objection is an allegation of an
unjust discrimination between persons now claim-
ing the benefit of preemption laws, who are per-
mitted by this bill to enter within two years their
quarter sections at sixty-two and a half cents per
acre, and future preimptors, who, he says, will
be required to pay $1 25 per acre. This is an
unfair statement only so far as it applies to pre-
emptors on unsurveyed public lands. The bill
provides that hereafter the settlers on the odd sec-
tions of the unoffered surveyed lands, and all the
lands subject to sale at private entry, may, at the
expiration of five years, enter them for twenty-
five cents per acre; and that those who go out
beyond the surveys may enter by paying $1 25
per acre within two years from the receipt of the
approved plats of the surveys at the local land
offices. This, in my judgment, is the correct
policy; it tends to restrain settlements within the
public surveys; it will cause settlements to fol-
low, rather than run beyond the surveys; it will
tend to make the settlements more compact and
the frontiers more defensible.
9. The ninth objection is an allegation that the
passage of the bill will diminish materially the
public revenue. In my opinion this is a delusion.
We have had but one illustration in the history
of the Government of the effect of such a law as
is now proposed. This occurred in Oregon. Each
head'of a family was allowed to enter without cost
three hundred and twenty acres of land after set-
tlement and occupancy for a term of four years.
1 have been informed by the Senator from Oregon
that full seventy-two per cent, of these claims
were purchased by the occupants at $1 25 per
acreprcviou3to the expiration of that short period.
So it will be under this bill, should it become a
law. A large majority of the settlers will enter
their homes at $1 25 per acre before the expira-
tion of the five years. There are many reasons
for this, with which I am perfectly familiar, hav-
ing been born and brought up on the frontier. I
will mention but one. TThc land, with the progress
of settlements and improvements, will rapidly in-
crease in value. The first settlers will desire to
sell, or to be in a condition to sell their improve-
ments, for the purpose of bettering their condition,
which cannot be done under the provisions of this
bill until after title shall have been obtained from
the Government.
10. The tenth objection is the allegation that
this bill destroys an inheritance of vast value, to
which we may resort for revenue in times of dif-
ficulty and danger. But our experience proves
that, during times of war,"embarrassment, and
financial difficulty, the proceeds of the sales of
public lands become merely nominal, and swell
to a large sum during periods of peace and pros-
perity, when it is less needed. But, as I liaye
before stated, the passage of this bill will not, in
my opinion, materially diminish the revenue from
this source. I therefore hope the bill may pass,
notwithstanding the President's objections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The question
is, Shall the bill become a law, the objections of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding?
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
When Mr. Douglas's name was called,
Mr. PTJGH. The Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from Alabama (Mr. Clay] were paired
off on this question before,and itis so understood
at present.
Mr. SLIDELL, (when his name was called.)
1 have pairedoff with the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Bingham;] otherwise, I would have voted
nay." *
Mr. TOOMBS, (when his name was called,) I
have paired off with the Senatorfrom Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] and the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer.]
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. ]£ING. Before the result is announced,I
desire to state that my colleague [Mr. Seward]
and Mr. Cameron are paired with the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammoko.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
one question, and that is, to know which side is
considered as prevailing?
Mr. HAMLIN. The prevailing vote is the
negative. If the Senator wants to move a recon-
sideration, he should vote with the smallest num-
ber.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then I vote
"nay."
Mr. YULEE. You cannot reconsider this vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
another question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call the Senator to order. The
taking of the vote is not through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate can
be indulged during the calling of the roll, unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the Senator vote, if he
wishes to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I vote "nay,"
because I want to move a reconsideration.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 18;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Doo-
little, Fosscnden,Fmh, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin,
Harlan, King, Lane,Latham,Nicholson, Polk, i'ugh, Kice,
Smimonjs, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—27.
NAYS —Messrs. Bragg, Chesmit, Crittenden, Davis,
Fnzpatiick, Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverton, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Pearce,
Powell, Sebastian, "VVigfall, and Yulee—18.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Two thirds of
the body not having voted for the passage of the
bill, it is not a law.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move a re-
consideration of the vote just taken; and I ask that
my motion be entered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a point of order. I
ask that the rule in regard to reconsideration he
read. In this case the number that carries is
more than one third; and as the Senator did not
vote with the prevailing party, I take it he has
no right to move a reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule on
the subject will be read.
The Secretary read the 20th rule, as follows:
tl When a question has been once made and carried iri
the affii mauve or negative, it shall be in oider lor any mem-
ber ot the majority to move for the reconsideration thereof;
but no motion for the reconsideration of any vote shall be
m order after the bill, resolution, menage, report, amend-
ment, or motion upon winch the vote was taki^n shall have
gone out ot the possession of the Senate announcing their
deci?-ion ; nor shall any motion for reconsideration be in
order unless made on the saniedayon which the vote was
takfn, or within the two next days of actual session of the
Senate thereafter*'
Mr. TOOMBS. The expression is "the ma-
jority." That means the prevailing side. Ordi-
narily a majority carries; but in this case it does
not. There is no object in reconsideration by u
man who has nothing to reconsider. He who is
defeated has no light to reconsideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, rose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have not yielded the floor.
The whole reason and principle of the rule is,
that the reconsideration shall be moved by some
one of the .prevailing parties who wants a rehear-
ing. To allow the Senator from Tennessee now
to move a reconsideration is to allow a defeated
party to reconsider, which is against all parlia-
mentary rule. That is the point I make.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In this case I
should like to know which is the prevailing party.
Is not tlie negative vote the prevailing vote?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I voted with
the negative, and therefore voted with the pre-
vailing party,and have a right to m#vc a recon-
sideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 688) for the relief of Elizabeth
Walton, widow of Thomas Walton; and
A bill (No. 811) for the relief of A. Bledsoe,
William Bryson, William C. Scott, William
Doty, and others.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution of the Senate No.
31, explanatory of the eighth section of the act of
Congress approved February 28, 1859.
Also,'that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate No. 258, to grant to the parish of Point
Coupee, in Louisiana, certain tracts of land in
said district, with an amendment; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(S. No, 113) for the relief of Eli W. GofF; and it
was signed by the Yice President.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN. I roove to take up the Post
Office deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. YULEE. Before that question is put, I
wish to suggest to the Chair, and to Senators in-
terested, a point in relation to the proposed recon-
sideration which may properly arise here. It is,
whether we have not fully discharged our consti-
tutional duty when we have passed the vote just
taken, and whether a motion for reconsideration
will lie at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. "That can be
discussed when the motion comes up.
Mr. HAMLIN. That question has passed
away. When the motion comes up, the Senator
from Florida can make his suggestion, though I
think there is nothing in it. I insist on my mo-
tion.
Mr. GWIN. I ask unanimous consent to offer
a resolution providing for closing up the business
before committees.
Mr. HAMLIN. After the Post Office bill is
taken up I shall not object, but I desire to take
up that bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I believe there is a bill
pending before the Senate—the Red river raft bill,
which was not postponed but merely displaced by
the message of the Executive, which we have just
considered and Anally determined.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair sup-
poses that the Senator from Maine meant to in-
clude in his motion the postponement of all bills
which must necessarily be postponed before the
Post Office deficiency bill can be reached. If he
does not make that motion, of course, the point of
the Senator from Arkansas is well taken.
Mr. HAMLIN. My motion is to postpone all
prior orders and take up the Post Office deficiency
bill.
Mr. BRAGG called for the yeas and nays;and
they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to say that I shall vote
against taking up this bill at present, because I
prefer to take up the post route bill and dispose
of it, tlmt it may go to the House of Represent-
atives at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL If the PostOffice deficiency
bill is to be passed at all, if it is not to fail, we
had better take it up and act on it at once. The
Senator from Florida must know that if we dis-
agree to the House amendment, it has to go back
to the House; and I am told there is but a bare
quorum there now. If we are to have another
committee of conference on the disagreement be-
tween the two Houses, we must act upon it at
once. Unless the Senator means to defeat the
Post Office deficiency bill, I am surprised that he
should object to taking it up, and taking it up at
the earliest moment. It is the unfinished business
standing now on a motion to reconsider the vote
taken last night. Unless it is intended to defeat
that appropriation bill, we should act upon it at
once.
Mr. YULEE. My reply to that is this: 1 know
very well, as the Senator himself knows, that the
purpose of this reconsideration is to fasten upon
us the House amendment to which we have pre-
viously disagreed, and I tell the Senator that I
am opposed to that amendment, even at the risk
of the bill, and 1 have no hesitation m saying so.
I say that the bill which had precedence ot it,
which was interrupted for the purpose of taking
