2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker,under the 151st
rule of the House, 1 call for a separate vote on
the second section of the bill. I am aware that the
construction put upon that rule is, that it does
not include light-houses. 1 make this demand on
the ground that the second section of the bill
makes an appropriation, not for a light-house,
but for a river and harbor improvement; and X am
entitled to a separate vote on the section under
the ]51st rule. The pier for which this appropri-
ation is made was erected for the protection of
the harbor of Oswego. There is a breach in it,
which it is proposed to repair, on the pretense
that it is necessary to enable the keeper to roach
the light-house. It is proposed to appropriate
$30,000 for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN, Is debate in order while the
previous question is pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina will state his proposition.
Mr. BRANCH. That is my point of order.
I know that it is not in order to debate it. I call
for a separate vote on the second section, under
the 151st rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Am I at liberty to state that
no appropriation is contained in the second sec-
tion ?
Mr. BRANCH. If I am not at liberty to make
a statement, neither is the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the ease before the House docs not come
within the rale. This is not a case relating to in-
ternal improvements in the sense of that rule.
The Chair, therefore, decides against the point of
order raised by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. THOMAS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken-, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for bills. The first
question is the Pacific telegraph bill, reported by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] on
which the previous question has been demanded.
Mr. COLFAX. My colleague on the Post
Office Committee [Mr. Alley] authorizes me to
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
which I will renew. The Post Office Committee
had ameeting this morning, and have unanimously
instructed me 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Is not the demand for the previous question pend-
ing?
Mr. COLFAX. It is withdrawn.
Mr. BURNETT. Who withdrew it?
Mr. COLFAX. I was authorized by my col-
league [Mr. Alley] to withdraw it.
Mr. BURNETT. My dear sir, you cannot
withdraw the demand for the previous question
by proxy.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw the demand.
Mr* COLFAX. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads unanimously instructed me,
this morning, to restore this bill, so far as the
point of departure is concerned, to its original
condition. They have unanimously instructed
me to modify the bill, so that the point of depart-
ure shall be on the western line of the State of
Missouri; and that the cost of a message of ten
words, from there to San Francisco, shall be
three dollars. There arc two telegraph lines now
from St. Louis to the westernlineof Missouri—
one northwest to St. Joseph, and the other south-
west to Fort Smithj in Arkansas. This is the
only change proposed to be made in the bill. The
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett] is, to let the line to the lowest bidder.
I was, myself, originally in favor of that propo-
sition*, but my judgment became convinced tnat,
if we were to have a telegraph to the Pacific, it
was not the best plan to give it to the lowest bid-
der, and for these reasons:
In the first place, the corporators must have
large capital to build this line, because there are
two thousand miles of it to cross an unsettled
country; and it will cost a great deal to guard it
against the Indians and to keep in order when
alfected by storms. The committee estimated
that it would cost the company $1-50,000 a year
to keep the line in order; the corporators them-
selves estimate the cost at $200,000 a year. In
the second place, these corporators have, rightly
or wrongly, control of the patents; and if the line
is to be built at all, it must be built by them. If
it was to be given to the lowest bidder, I should
fear the result; and as I am very anxious to have
a railroad communication to the Pacific, I have
no desire to throw any obstacle in the way. The
Postmaster General let the carrying of the mails
from New York to San Francisco to the lowest
bidder, and a Mr. Johnson got the contract at
§160,000 a year; but when he came to enter into
bonds, it was found that he had no steamers and
no .capital, and the whole contract fell through,
and somebody else had to carry the mails. The
contract was finally given to Mr. Vanderbilt at
§25,000 a year more than Johnson's contract. I
very much fear that if we were to give out this
telegraph line to the lowest bidder, we would
have the same sort of experience. We would re-
ceive bids from men of straw, who have no money
and no control of capital; and therefore the work
would be postponed still further.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will exam-
ine the provisions of my amendment, he will find
that the bids are to be guarantied by responsible
names.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes; and so were the bids for
the California mail steamship line; and yet the
Postmaster General thought there was no use in
holding Johnson's sureties responsible.
Mr. FLORENCE. And that is the practice
undt^r every contract with the Government.
Mr, COLFAX. The House referred this bill
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. We have passed upon it, and have pro-
posed a reduction. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. I want the amendment reported
before the previous question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
modification that has been made.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out the words >• from some point or points west
of the Mississippi river," and insert u some point or point*
on the west line of the State of Missouri."
Mr. COLFAX. That amendment is fixing the
starting point of the line.
Mr. REAGAN. As the gentleman from Indi-
ana proposes to strike out the words inserted on
my motion, I hope the House will allow me a word.
Mr. COLFAX. I must insist on my demand
for the previous question. We ought to dispose
of this bill this morning. It is standing m the
way of other business.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurred on Mr. Burnett's first
amendment to the substitute of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, as follows:
Stiiko out the words. " to contract with Zenas Barnum,
Thomas It. Walker, John II. Bcrrylull, Hiram Sibley, Nor-
vin Green, John I). Caron, Frederick A. Bee, Charles M.
Stebhins, and James S. Graham, or their assigns, oi a ma-
jority of aaid contractors or assigns;'' and in lieu thereof
insert the following:
To advertise for scaled proposals, to be received for
sixty days after the passage of this act, and the iulfillment
of which shall he guarantied by responsible parties, as in
the ease of bid:* lor mail contracts.
Mr. BURNETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Graham
and Noell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes G3.
Mr. MARSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messis, Alien, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barr, Beale, Blair* Boeocfe, Bonliam, Boteler^
Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burnett, Burnham,
Campbell, Horace F« Clark, John B, Clark, Ciopton, Cobb,
Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, John G. Davis, Do
Jarnette, Edmundson, Etheridge, Ferry, Foukc, Gartrell,
Graham, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins,
Hoard, Holman, Houston, William A. Howaid, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, Kilgore, Landrum, DeWitt C.
Leach, James M, Leach, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mai-
lory, Maynard, McKnight, McPherson, Miles, Montgom-
ery, Sydenham Moore3 Morrill, Isaac N« Morris, Niblack,
Pendleton, Peyton,-Pottle, Pyor, Pugb, Q.uarles, Reagan,
Riggs, James C. Robinson, Royce, Ituffin, Schwartz,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smithy
Stailworth, Stanton, Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Thayer,
Theaker, Thomas, Undeiwood, Van Wyck, Verree, Wal-
dron, Walton, VVinslow* and Wright—93.
NAYS—Messis. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Alley, William C.Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Barrett,
Blake, Brayton, Bulfinton, Buich, Butterfield, Carey, Car-
er, Case, Colfax, Conkhng, Covode, James Craig, Curtis,
Davidson, Delano, Duel], Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Grow, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, Helmick, William
Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kilhnger, Lee, Longnecker, Marston, Charles I).
Martin, McKean, Millward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead,
Nixon, Noell, Olin, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Potter, Rice,
Christopher Robinson, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Spinner, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stoat,
Tappan, Train, Trimble, Wade, Eilihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Windom, and Wood-
ruff—82.
So the amendment to the substitute was agreed
to.
During the vote,
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hickman, was obliged to leave the House
because of illness.
Mr. SINGLETON stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Davis and Barksdale, were detained
from the House by sickness; and that his col-
league, Governor McRae, was absent, having
received intelligence of the death of his son.
Mr. DUN£f stated that his colleague, Mr,
Wilson, was paired with Mr. Martin, of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. STALLWORTH stated that Mr. Mill-
son was absent on business of the House.
Mr. SPAULDING stated that he was paired
with Mr. Gaunett.
The vote was announced as above recorded,
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The remaining amendments, moved by Mr.
Burnett to the substitute, were read, as follows:
Second amendment:
Strike out the words "at an'annual rate of compensa-
tion not excetling $40,000;" and in heu thereof, insert the
following:
And shall award the contract to the lowest responsible
bidder or bidders, provided such proffer floes notiequire
a larger amount per year liom the United States than
$40,000.
Third amendment:
Add after the word " parties" the words " to whom said
contract may be awarded."
Fourth amendment:
Add:
J2nd provided further, That Congress shall at any time
have the right to alter or amend this* act.
Mr, COLFAX. The adoption ofthose amend-
ments arc nccessary to make the substitute sym-
metrical, the first amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky having already been incorporated.
Mr. BURNETT. The amendments just read
must be adopted to make the substitute conform
to the first section of the substitute as it has been
amended.
Mr. CC
be voted on en masse.
The SPEAKER. That will be done, if there
be no objection.
There was no objection.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I ask that the
substitute, as amended, be read.
The Clerk read the substitute, as amended.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Has the morn-
ing hour expired?
