THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
tsjreg&tlje two parties; audi think, then, that they
cgumot be held responsible for the failure of the
tjxxuse to organize, un til their action can be efficient
efifepting an organization. I say> the declara-
tion made by those gentlemen is manly. Their
declaration is liberal enough. "When the Demo-
cratic party and the South American party have
presented that state of things, the responsibility
wifl then he upon the anti-Lecompton Democrats,
and how will they act?
' 1 do not care what others say upon xhc subject,
but I will hazard the opinion that whenever this
condition of things is presented and these anti-
Lecompton gentlemen have it in their power to
elect a Democrat or an American against a Black
Republican, they will cast their votes for the man
who can receive the united votes of flic Demo-
crats and the South Americans. They are men
of justice; they arc men whorcspect the constitu-
tional rights of all the States; they have, in times
past, on many occasions shown that they have
manliness and patriotism, in standing by the rights
of the southern States of the Union, and they will
cast their votes in such a manner as will defeat
the organization of this House by the Black Re-
publicans. I then ask. arc they to blame for the
position which they now occupy? I think not;
and I mean to put the blame where it prom-rly
belongs. I believe the Democrats and the bouth
Americans arc both to blame. That is what I
believe. Here is the Democratic party of this
House, numbering nearly ninety, utterly refusing
to concentrate their votes upon aj^y one of their
own number. Kvcry ballot shows that tlcy are
in a state of disorganization. Even if the Ameri-
cans were disposed to cast the.ir \ otcs for a Demo-
crat, they could not know for whom to cast them
and secure the cooperation .of the Democratic
party. Then, I say, the Democratic party are to
this extent to blame for the non-organization of
the House, and I have shown the Americans to be
greatly to blame.
Now, then, I want to ask my anti-Lecompion
friends why it is that they will not cooperate with
us? Thev say they diiler with us upon the Lc-
romptnn question. They rail themselves anti-
Lecomptonitos. Well, vir, that question hn^been
settled. Kansas has lef'used admission into the
Union wnli a constitution allowing slau'iy. The
question is not before the country, it is one of
those questions growing up in tit" prugrts.s of
paityoigamzat ion, which, when it is settled, ought
not to be the occasion of a continued separation
of those who were before united. These gentlemen
are here,to-day, withusas Democrats, upon every
question that can come beime u*. They have
pledged themselves lo support the position occu-
pied by the Democratic party upon nil the great
questions now before the countiy. Is there any
reason, then, why they should no I place themselves
again 111 the ranks of I he great, body of the Dem-
ocratic p'U'ty,and cooperate with them? Will there
be anys.ejrilice of principle induing this? They
differ with us, I believe, houcMly on this ques-
tion; they say that they differ honestly, and T have
no reason to doubt the sincerity and truthfulness
of their declaration. But, that question has boon
settled—-the matter in reference to which it origin-
ated is at an end. Why is it that they eannot
come into our ranks, and cordially cooperate with
us; for, sir, we have now a great "light to undergo
upon other questions.
Some of the gentlemen, L know, may say that
they may differ with us hereafter. 1 do not think
that that ought to divide us now. I do not think
that men ought to quarrel because a yi ar or ten
years hcnct.o dilie>vneo may take ploco between
thein. Why cannot, we stand together and act to-
gether? If hereafter we differ, wo can then take
the positions that judgment, sound policy, end pa-
triotism may dictate. Why cannot wo take our po-
sition together now, as we have done in times past,
ou the questions before the country ? To use a re-
mark common—it. is time enough to cross the
bridge when we get to it. If then- is a probability
of difference, do not let un anticipate it—but h t
us wait until we arrive at it: lotus wait until we
get to the blidgc. and then let us cross it as best
we may. Why do the anti-Lecnmptnn men
stand out against us ; In what do they differfrom
us? The Lecompton qucswon is at an end, and
in what else do they diiFer from us ? There is no
reason, that I can see. why they cannot comc and
with their brethren of the Democratic party.
They can do it without derogation to their pride
or principles; they will abandon 'no principle, no
position of propriety, nor will they beat all lack-
ing in patriotism if they cooperate with us for the
election of a Democratic Speaker.
Now, is it fairer that ninety men of this side
shall surrender to the five anti-Lecompton men,
or that they shall come and cooperate with these
ninety Democrats? They say that they are Dem-
ocrats. Then why not join with the ninety Dem-
ocrats of this side? These ninety Democrats em-
brace Representatives from every section of the
Union, whereas they consist only of two from
New York, two from New Jersey, and one from
Indiana. We represent in our party upon this
floor, I believe, almost every State in this Union;
at least, we have Representatives from the large !
majority of them. j
Mr. VANDEVEIl. There are no Democratic ■
Representatives from Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That does not
show there will be none. 1 think that in the next
election the Democrats of that State will be suc-
cessful in ousting the gentlemen now holding seats
here.
Mr. Clerk, it is shrewdly suspected that the
want of organization here by a union of the na-
tional Democratic party, the American party, and
tlie anti-Lecompton men, is dependent upon the
division of the spoils. [Laughter.] ido not think
that spoils ought to separate any conservative
men. I think that it would be undignified for
either the Democracy or the American,j or the
anti-Lecompton men to c>tand aloof from an elec-
tion of a conservative man as Speaker because of
the spoils; yet, sir. Ido not see what other reason
can be given for then; separation except the spoils.
The gentlemen of the anti-Lecompton party, I
am told, care nothing for the spoils so far as they
are concerned. 1 think that they ought to bear
their part of the blame of a non-organization; I
am willing to bear my part.
Now, Air. Clerk, 1 will make a proposition;
you may call it a bargain, if you please, but I
make it m the face of friend and f« e: There arc
six oflices to be filled—a Speaker, a Public Printer,
a Clerk,a Ser^eant-at-Arm:;. a Postmaster, and a
Doorkeeper. One of the gentlemen on the other
side asked, yesterday, whether, tn cape of their
journey toward us, there weie spoils at the end :
By that question, it would ^e.-ni that they are de-
sirous to create the impression upon the public
mind that they are not fond of the spoils. I shoujd
be pleased to see them, if they elect their Speaker,
refrain from taking the subordinate offices to which
the spoils belong. But, sir, it will not bethe case;
if they have the power, they will take and divide
all the subordinate offices among their friends. I
ask (hem whether they would, if they had the
power to take them themselves, give any of those
offices to a Democrat or to an Ameiican? iNo, sir;
they would not. They eannot profess to be more
honest or self-sacrificing than other men.
But I hat is not. the only mot tve which influences,
or ought to influence us. Wc have great duties
to perform to the country, and if in their discharge
we procure any spoils, why. of course, we are
entitled to them, and wc will not reject them.
Have you of the other side no spoils to lookafter?
You are most anxious, I have no doubt, each one-,
to get the three or four thousand dollars which he
is entitled to for mileage and salary. You have
not that money m your pockets, tut I suppose
you are desiious to get it there. Some of you, I
know, need u \ery much. I know that I do.
[Laughter.]
Well. mi\ do not kt us telk of spoils: they are
incidents of oilier. I am willing to enter into an
arrangement m reference to the offices, giving us
the Speaker. There aie but few spoils belonging
to it. The party is a representative of principle,
a rtpresento tive of nationality, a reprcsentati ve of
principle ni direct opposition to Republicanism.
Let us organize the House, and it will be tuld the
country that there is a revolution going on in
public sentiment winch will enable as to peipet-
uato this great and glorious Union of ours until
the sun goes out forever. There are no spoils at-
tached to the oiliro of Speaker. We are contend-
ing for principles, in trying to effect an organiza-
tion winch will at the present time aid in giving
peace to the apprehensions winch are now enter-
tamed in southern minds, and in northern minds
also. When we have elected a Speaker, the anti-
Lecompton men and the South Americans may
divide the remaining offices between them, so far
as I am concerned. I care nothing about it; lam
willing they should have everything else. I want
the organization. A division of the spoils is not
our object. We are not in pursuit of them; nor
do I believe either the Americans or anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrats are. It is true, those offices have
certain patronage and certanj salaries, but those
salaries will not more than pay the necessary ex-
penses of any man who gets one of those offices.
Then I sec no reason why we should not har-
monize and come together in opposition, and in
resisting the Black Republican organization, which
I believe it necessary to put down in order to pre-
serve the Union.
Mr. STOKES. I desire,Mr. Clerk, to submit
a few remarks to the House at this time. I have
not, it is well known to the House, troubled it
since I came here, and 1 would not now attempt
to address the House, but for the fact that, upon
the Democratic side of the House, allusion has
been repeatedly made to the question, which party
is responsible for the non-organization of this
House? I desire to allude briefly to the position
of the different parties here. My honorable friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] has made a very
persuasive speech this morning; and I commend
that gentleman highly for it. I think it one of
the best speeches 1 have h^ard upon this floor.
There is more reason and plausibility in it than
in any I have heard. He has made some propo-
sitions that, seem fan , which I will allude to before
I take my scat.
Now, what did we find tu be the state of parties
four or five weeks ago? When we first entered
this Chamber we found four political parties here.
There were the South Americans, the anti-Le-
compton Democrats, and the Democrats proper,
as they are termed; and there was on the other
side of the House the Republican party. Where
do we find the Republican paity standing? We
find they are standing here to-day a great sec-
tional party, upon the question of slavery and in
regaid. to the rights of the South. How is it with
the anti-Lecompton Democrats? They are cut
loose from the" Democrats proper; they are in
opposition to the present Administration; they
aie apartv by themselves. The Democratic party
pioper came here with eighty-odd votes.
My friend from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] this
morning said that thoy are a practical party, and
asked us why we did not come over and join that
national Democratic party. I have some misgiv-
ings upon that question; I have some doubts as
to the nationality of the Democratic party. Why
do I say so? I have pioof to sustain me in the
assertion I have made. Whether it is valid,and
whether it is reliable or not, it is not for me to say;
but if ichance is to be placed upon the leading
organs ot that party, U is valid and reliable, and
I intend to submit whatever remarks I make,
fairly, honestly, and respectfully to every gentle-
man of this House. What do wc find in a leading
Democratic paper, published in this city, but a
few months ago? Why, one of the Democratic
organs at Wash ington, the States, propounded this
question: "Have wc a Democratic party among
us?" And proceeds to answer it thus:
'' The. doubt implied m the above mteuogatory, however
startling at fir-t&ight, appears anything but ab^utd, on ex-
amination Nav, at the ha7ard of contiadietmg the vulgar
piejudice and i-lioekmg oui own sense of seeutttv, wc are
obliged to announce the deliberate conclusion that theie is
now no Democratic party in cxislciicc
There is one of the witnesses. What else?
The Washington Union says:
<k It is certainly true that if we were to look for evidences
of the existence" of a Democratic party m Congiess, wc
could not discover it by an analysis of the voicrf of mem-
bers on any measure, or any number or tenet* ot mcasuies
that has been before that body tor a long time.
Ambitions combinations are the curse of the Demo-
crattc party. They have tainted its inteyntu, acmoiahzed
it, weakened it, and rendeied it a doubtful anugonbtcven
against the open enemies ofthe Union. They have stricken
down and deyiaded all Arocc'-i,liteial,eoinprehensive states-
manship. They have substituted the miserable deetccs of
dcma%o«ues toi those gi eat principlcvs under which alone
the industry of our country ean be developed." * * *
" They are great men with independent political estates and
expectation*. Wo have too irwiiy of them. They exer-
cise too much power. They would control the Demo-
eiatic party. Tiiey hav° controlled it, until its torces are
scattered, its counsels unheeded, and its power contempti-
ble."
A Member on the Democratic side. That was
last CongVess, when we were very much split.
