1800.
TSB CONGRESSIONAL tiLOBl.
m
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman Gays they were
very much split, [laughter;] and X think, sir, the
votes which have been east here for Speaker
prove the fact very clcorly that the party is very
much " split" and torn to pieces now..There are
two witnesses. What else? Now, the Charleston
Mercury, one of the leading organs of the Demo-
cratic party in the South, the authority of 'which
I have never heard disputed in my State 
Mr. COBB. I plead the statute of limitations.
The Democratic party was very much split up in
the last Congress. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOKES. This was written since the
last Congress.
Mr. MILES. I did not hear the remark of the
gentleman about the Charleston Mercurv.
Mr. STOKES. I say that it is regarded as a
thoroughly Democratic paper, in full fellowship
with the Democracy of the South.
Mr. MILES. Well, of oil the extraordinary
statements that I have heard upon this floor, that
the most extiaoidinary. [Laughter.] The
Charleston Mercury in full fellowship and com-
munion with the Democratic party ! It is a most
preposterous and extraordinary misapprehension.
Mr. STOKES. Does the gentleman repudi-
ate it?
Mr. MILES. No, sir; it expresses my senti-
ments completely; but I am not in full fellowship
with the national Democracy. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOKES. That proves what I stated in
the outset, that they are split and torn into frag-
ments, and that they cannot unite. [Renewed
laughter.] But the gentleman says that he agrees
with the Charleston Mercury. .Let us see what
he agrees to:
"The Demociatic patty exists only in the South. It is
no longer a national paity. Why should \vc not accept the
true, state of thing?, and act upon it? As a paity, it i* a
southern paitv. and nothing eUe."
.Now, does the gentleman agree to tluil; He
says that he agrees with the Charleston Mercury,
and that paper says that the Democratic party is
u thoroughly sectional party. I regard it, to-4av-
as a sectional party.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not agree
to that statement.
Mr. STOKES. That still further sustains my
position, that they are 44 split all to pieces."
[Laughter.] I think that if gentlemen will give
me their attention, 1 will show them that this: [the
Democratic] side of the Bouse is all torn into
fragments.
Mr. MILES. The gentleman, I hope, will al-
low me to do a simple act of justice to the national
Democratic party. It has always, I think, been
understood, since I have had the honor of a seat
upon the floor of this House, that while I have
acted with the Democratic party, where I could do
s?a conscientiously and consistently with my own
peculiar views, still I have not been considered as
one of the rank and file of that part}' at all, nor do
I conceive that the Charleston Mercury has ever
been considered as an organ or exponent of the na-
tional Democracy. We are considered outsiders.
I have frequently been told that I was a political
Arab. Well, I do not objcct to that sort of ap-
pellation. But while* I do not claim communion
or fellowship with the national Democracy, 1 be-
lieve that that is the party which is the most Oon-
stitution-lovingparty now in this country; the one
which is the most ready to support and sustain
the great principles of the Constitution; and, there-
fore, as a Constitution-loving man, I act with that
party, but I presume that 1 am naturally so con-
stituted that f cannot exdeily work m party traces.
I do not know whether it js that I possess too
much individuality or independence, but I prefer
cic'ing on my own convictions of what is right and
prop* r. I am, therefore, not disposed to sw^ear
in the words of any master, which, I think, is the
motto of that admirable paper, the Charleston
Mercury; but I am ready to follow a leader in
whom I have confidence, when he has a distinct
proposition or practical measure to propose which
meets my assent and concurrence. 1 hope the gen-
tleman will see, therefore, that he is not fairly rep-
resenting the Democratic paity, when he would
tcdrc either my humble self as the exponent of their
sentiments, or the Charleston Mercury ps an ex-
pounder of their doctrines.
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman does not ex-
actly act With the Democratic party. He acts for
himself, and votes for the man \frhom he thinks
he ought to vote for. The gentleman reminds me
very much of an old gentleman with whom I had
a personal acquaintance. He was a witness in
court, and the gentleman was asked if he was
acquainted with the general character of a certain
witness who had been introduced. " Well,"said
he, "generally and separately I am, but jointly
and singularly I am not." [Laughter.] Hedoes
act with them, and he docs not act with them.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I was going on to show the
disorganization of the Democratic party, 1 was
producing the pi oofs which I have to sustain me
m that allegation. I have otherproofs that I could
introduce here from their journals. Whether
those journals express the true sentiments of the
party or not, 1 am not prepared to say. If gen-
tlemen choose to repudiate their own papers, and
to say that their presses have not stated the truth,
why then I have no more to say. Here are the
statements m these papers, and I have not heard
gentlemen upon this side dispute their truth, and
they declare this to be the condition of one of the
political parties upon this floor.
My friend from Mississippi asks why the Amer-
ican party cannot come over and join heart and
hand with the groat national Democratic party?
Why, Mr. Clerk, we cannot do that, when we have
the proof staring us in the face and the evidence
before us upon this floor that they arc torn into
fragments. I come, then, to this" little band of
Americans—I might call it fi Spartan band—who
stand here to-day between these extremists of the
North and the South.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question ? He speaks
of the Democratic party as a sectional party. I
ask him what he calls his own party 5
Mr. STOKES. I will come to that, and answer
the question fully before 1 take my seat.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. T ask the gentle-
man if there ere any northern members of his
party upon this floor r
Mr. STOKES. I will answer the gentleman
fully. Now, Mr. Gink, I was coing on to speak
of the American party. I stand here to-day as a
member of tin1 American Opposition party, I eon-
tend that it is a conservative party. I contend that
it is a great national party; that its views are lib-
eral, and that it is willing to concede to the North
and to the South all their rights. That party
stands here to-day, few in numbers, yet powerful
in strength in other respects, between the extremes
of the North and of the South.
My friend from Mississippi says, why not go
over to them, join them, and form a grecu party '
Docs my friend from Mississippi sec the result of
that union—that it is the very thing we of the
southern Opposition have been trying to prevent:
the formation of a sectional party in the South ?
We want no sectional party in the South; we want
no sectional party in the North; we want a Union
party, and we stand here to-day as Union men.
Up to this day, not one of our men has uttered a
disunion sentiment.
Mr. LAMAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?-
Mr STOKES. Oh, certainly.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman says that his i
porty requnes no concession of right upon the I
part of the northern people. I ask him if he will ;
designate what surrender or sacrifice of right the
southern Democrats have ever exacted of the
northern people ?
Mr. STOKES. I will come to that directly. I
have stated that this southern Opposition party
stand here as a great conservative party between
this noithem section and this southern section.
Now, what do wc propose to do> We propose,
if we wore in power, to administer this Govern-
ment upon principles of equal and exact justice zo
all; to do right to ail portions of the country. We
are not sectional, but we are national. My friend
from Mississippi asked me what concession wc
required from the North.
Mr. LAMAR. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will not understand me as attributing to
him. or to his party, any requisition upon the
North not consistent with right; but I ask him
what concession, what wrongful exaction, what
unconstitutional exaction of the people of the
North he attributes to southern Democrats, or to
those men whom he classifies as extreme south-
ern men ? What is it that is asked of the North
that is not constitutional or right?
Mr. STOKES. I have not, as I recoiled^
tributcd anything of this sort to the Derhohr&tic
party of the South; but I will say this, that
is a feel tag, there is 6. sdntimeht which is, to soifte
extent, a disunibii seritirheht in some of the south-
ern States; there is a secession sentiment itt'soml
of the southern States-. I have h,ear'd more t&Jfe
of disunion Srnc'e I came to Washington £city
than I ever heard in my life before; and fahei^ J[
ask, has it sprung from? Where his it originated?
From whence has it been introduced oh this floor?
I am free to say that it has come from the Efetfr-
ocratic side of the House.
-Mr. LAMAR. Let me just say this to th£
gentleman.
Mr. STOKES. I cannot yield further.
Mr. LAMAR. I beg the gentleman'sparfci'oh.
My only object was to aisclose the fact that there
was less difference between southern gentlemen
maintaining different party relations than is gen-
erally supposed. I was eliciting the fact that there
exists more agreement between the opposing par-
ties in the South than is generally supposed by
those who are our common enemies. 1 b'eg thfe
gentleman's pardon "for interrupting him.
Mr. STOKES. I like to hear such sentiments
as that.
Mr. LAMAR. Thequestion, then, I wished to
put to the gentleman was simply this: Whether
lie attributes to what is culled the extreme souths
em Democracy 6ny unjust or unconstitutional
demands upon the northern States?
Mr. STOKES. I will reply to the gentleman,
I do not. Mr. Clerk, $®hav'c said that there was
a disunion sentiment, I have heard upon this floor
from some southern gentlemen representing some
of the southern States. Disunion? Why. sir, I
will toll you that the politician could not stand
five minutes in the State I hail from, and utter
that sentiment. We in Tennessee are for the
Union; we are for the Constitution; and I will go
further, and say that it is not the position of the
party alone with which I act in Tennessee, but
of the Democracy also. Wc arc a unit there for
the Constitution and the Union. Dissolve this
Union' What for? Why, because a man
elected President of the United States, and with-
out committing against us any overt act; bccause
an American citizen is electod according tb the
Constitution and laws, receiving honestly and
fairly a majority of the electoral votes of the
United States, according to the requirements of
that instrument, is that a cause for a dissolution
of the Union ' I take the ground, as a southern
men, boldly, that it is not. [Cries of "Good!"
from the Republican side.]
Mr. SINGLETON. I, sir. happen to be one
of the number to whom the gentleman refers, who
said that, in a certain contingency, I would be in
favor of dissolving the Union. I did say that I
was in favor of dissolvingthe Union upon the elec-
tion of a certain man as President.
Mr. STOKES. I am not.
Mr. SINGLETON. Now, let me ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee a question. Suppose th6
people of the northern States, having the power,
chose to elect Mr. Fred Douglass, as a citizen of
the United States, disregarding the Dred Scott
decision; doe*> the gentleman think that would not
he sufficient ground for dissolving the Union?
Mr.STOKES. Mr. Clerk, J reply to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, that Fred Douglass is
not a citizen of the United States: he is a black
But, sir, I intended, before I took my seat,
■omplimcnts to the gentleman
1 understood him, in a speech
to havr paid my
from Mississippi.
made by him the other day, to declare that he
would not vote for Stephen A. Douglas if he was
nominated by the Charleston convention.
Mr. SINGLETON. I did so state, and I re-
peat it now.
Mr. STOKES. Well, sir, I indorse that senti-
ment. But I prefer now to proceed without fur-
ther interruption. I have stated that Fred Doug-
lass is not a citizen of the United States. But
any man who is recognized as such by the Con-
stitution and laws, and receives, fairly and hon-
estly, a majority of the electoral votesofthe States
of this Union, is entitled to the presidential chair.
Some overt act must be committed, or I cannot
agree to dissolve the Union, [Applause in the
galleries.]
Mr. SINGLETON, , Tha gentleman says that
Fred Douglass is not a citizen of the United States;
