1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taincd, but the fees are not. At present, the fees
received into the Treasury are little over $30,000,
and the expenses are $81,000. Now this bill in-
creases the expenses some $20,000, making the
whole expense exceed $100,000, while the fees
received may be $30,000 only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this act
will make the cost |20,000 more, and will increase
the fees received $20,000, what difference does it
make ?
.Mr. CRAWFORD. But the Treasury will not
receive $20,000 more in fees. The relative pro-
portions, at best, must be the same. Taken under
any circumstances, it may increase the amount
of fees received in the Treasury; but it will also
increase the amount of the expenses very greatly,
as heretofore shown.
These are some of the objections which I have
to the bill. The first section of the bill is objec-
tionable, because it interferes with the rights of
the States.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Illinois,
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, is
aware that I concur with the gentleman from
Georgia in the objection which he has just indi-
cated to the first section of the bill; but I have very
little doubt that the gentleman from Illinois will
be as ready now, as he declared he was two years
ago, to consent to such an amendment of the
twenty-eighth section of the bill as will remove
the objection both of the gentleman from Georgia
and myself. I beg leave to call his attention to
what occurred then.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I recollect the
objection which was urged to that section when
the bill was last under consideration, and in con-
sequence of the feeling which some gentlemen
seemed to manifest, I consented to an amendment
of this twenty-eighth section, by striking out cer-
tain words. I am entirely willing, if gentlemen
insist on it now, and if it will satisfy their objec-
tion, that the amendment may be made when we
reach the section.
Mr. MILLSON. Then the gentleman consents
now, as he intimated his readiness to do in 1858,
to strike outthc words in the twenty-eighth section:
" Upon waters which are navigable from the ocean by
vessels registered oi enrolled and licensed by the United
States, or upon a lake or river whose waters are navigable
by vessels registered or enrolled and licensed, as aforesaid,
.and form tile boundary or wash the shoies of two or more
State.'; or Territories, or of one or more States or Territories,
and a foiei^n eountiy."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I consented
to that on the motion, I think, of the gentleman
himself, when the bill was considered by the last
Congress. I think I consented to the striking- out
of these words.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman did so. I
read from the gentleman's remarks then:
u I propose to make the amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Virginia; and I make the Anther icmark,
that tiiis ^cc-tion was diawn up by my friend from Viigima,
m conjunct'on with flu- gentleman ftom the Huffalo district
of New York, [Mr. Haven,} ia«t winter, and for the very
puipose of avoiding that objection."
I think this amendment will avoid all objection;
and, if made, I trust it will remove the objection
of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am entirely
willing to make it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman will allow
me to say that I have amendments which I desire to
offer to this bill. The gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr, Taylor] has intimated his purpose to oiler
a substitute for the bill; and, therefore, for the
purpose of testing the sense of the House on the
question. I move to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman will allow me
to ask one question. I wish to know if my bill
is now in such a position as that it will be con-
sidered as offered as a substitute?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust that,
by the consent of the House, the bill of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana will be considered as of-
fered, and that he will have a vote upon it. I have
no objection to that.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I prefer that the bill of the
gentleman from Louisiana should be offered as an
amendment. It strikes me that we should perfect
the original bill. I have an amendment to offer
when it shall be in order to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman from Georgia to withdraw his mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and let us pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill by sections.
Gentlemen can offer their amendments, and we
can get rid of it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I prefer to take it as it is.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope the gen-
tleman from Georgia will permit further discus-
sion at this stage.
Mr. BURNETT. I was going to second the
appeal of the gentleman from Illinois. We can
certainly, under the new rule, complete the bill as
well in the House as in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, This measure
has been pending here for years. It has been a
special order time and again. The act of 1852
ought either to be repealed or amended. I am for
amending the law. We have got an act now be-
fore us. The whole subject is before the House;
and it does seem to me that we can consider it as
well in the House as in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and so dispose of
a question that has been pending here for the last
four years—ever since my service in Congress be-
gan. I hope the bill will be acted on and disposed
of now.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state very frankly
to the gentleman from Kentucky, that I am not a
friend of this bill; and I desire to make such a
motion in relation to it as will be the strongest
looking to its defeat. I apprehend that a motion
to lay the bill on the table would not be so strong
as the motion which I have made, to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It is for that reason that I have submit-
ted the motion.
In reply to the gentleman from Now York, 1
would say this: that unless the debate shall be lim-
ited upon this bill, he will be entitled to discuss
and amend it in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. We shall not be limited in the
Committee of the Whole to five minutes' discus-
sion until after the House shall first limit the de-
bate to a certain length of time after the consid-
eration of the subject is resumed.
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoik. I propose to dis-
cuss some of the features of this bill; but I am
indifferent when I do it.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to say to gentlemen
who desire to amend the act of 1832—and no one
who lias examined it will disagree with me in the
proposition that that act ought to be amended—
that the reference of this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union would, in my
judgment, bo its death. I do not myself approve
of the bill as it is reported by the Committee on
Commerce; tout I am satisfied that there is legis-
lation needed, in order to amend and perfect the
act of 1852. If this House will not amend that
act: if wo will not give additional legislation for
the protection, not only of commerce itself, but of
the lives of passengers upon vessels; if we will
not do that, then we ought to repeal the act of 1852.
I do not propose to discuss this measure at
length. It has received the attention of two Com-
mittees on Commerce of this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of three.
Mr. BURNETT. It has received the consid-
eration of three committees of this House. It has
been submitted, I behove, to two Secretaries of
the Treasury. It has undergone the scrutiny of
the board of supervisors. It comes before us with
all the sanctions, at least, of a thorough investi-
gation. Then let us take up the measure, section
by section, in the House. If the bill is defective,
as contended by the gentleman from Georgia, let
us amend it, section by section, and dispose of it
m some way. The gentleman from Georgia is
candid enough to tell us that he is the enemy of
the bill, and desires to kill it. Do not, then, let
us send it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where it will never bo heard
of again. 1 hope the House will not agree to the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. GARTRELL. Before the motion is put,
I desire to ask the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce whether this bill was unanimously re-
ported by that committer?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was, sir.
Mr. GARTRELL. At the last Congress and
at this ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois Yes, sir.
Mr. GARTRELL. And it has been recom-
mended by two Secretaries of the Treasury—has
it not'
Mr. KEITT. Did any one ever read the bill
except the chairman of the committee?
Mr. GARTRELL. I will state to my friend
from South Carolina, that being a little attentive
to my business, I read it and the report too; and
I am prepared to vote for it with the amendments
indicated by thegentleman from Illinois; believing^,
as I do, that it is a.salutary measure, and one de-
manded by the interests of the great masses of the
people of the country, although opposed by mo-
nopolists, comprising the ship-owners of certain
latitudes.
Mr. BURNETT. I am not sufficiently familiar
with the new rules of the House to understand
whether a motion of this character would take
precedence of the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia; but, if it is in order, I desire to move
that the bill be taken up, section by section, and
considered in the House.
Mr. KEITT. Is not the motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia first in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union must be first decided according to the rules.
Mr. MILES. Before the question is put upon
that motion, I would like to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce in what respects
this bill differs from the one reported by the com-
mittee in the last Congress? I had the honor to
be a member of the Committee on Commerce of
the last Congress, and examined the bill then re-
ported with some care, but I have had no oppor-
tunity of examining this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to my honorable friend from South Carolina that
there are no material alterations in the bill.
Mr. MILES. It is substantially the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is sub-
stantially the same as the bill which I proposed
to offer as a substitute for the bill of last session.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Did I understand
the gentleman from Illinois to say that this bill
received the unanimous approval of5 the members
of the Committee on Commerce in this Congress?
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I do notknow
whether the gentleman understood me or not., but
I said so.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Did you say that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I said that
as I understood it, it received the unanimous ap-
proval of the committee.
Mr. NIXON. My impression with reference
to the bill is, that the chairman of the committee
was authorized to report it without any sort of
committal on the part of the other members of the
committee, as to whether we would support it or
oppose it in the House. I appeal to my friend
from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane] if that
was not his understanding?
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Thatis how
I understand it. There was no dissent expressed
by any member of the committee; but it was un-
derstood that if any gentleman saw anything in
the bill on further reflection that he dispproved,
he was to oopose it in the House.
Mr. JOH'N COCHRANE. I understood that
the chairman had authority from the committee
merely to report the bill.
Mr. SICKLES*. When this bill was up before
the last Congress, I voted to send it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, not
because I was opposed to the principle of the bill,
but because I thought that it introduced new reg-
ulations with regard to the commerce of the coun-
try, which ought to be carefully considered by
this House. I think, sir, that the interval which
has occurred has proved that the provisions of
the bill are, in the main, salutary, and that its
passage into a law would be accepted with grati-
tude by the country.
Upon this subject, Mr. Speaker, we must adopt
one of two principles: either to leave commerce,
with reference to the safety of human life, entirely
to the vigilance of interested parties, either ship-
owners or passengers; or we must make this the
subject of wise and careful governmental regula-
tions. We must either adopt the principle of
leaving every one to look out for himself; or, if we
agree that that is not wise, in view of past expe-
rience, we must avail ourselves of the result of
experience and experiment, and embody into a
statute such legislation as experience has shown
to be best calculated to prevent the disasters which
have becomc so frequent upon the sea and rivers.
