1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
While, sir, I am one of those always reluctant
to interfere by governmental regulation v/licre it
is possible for private vigilance or private interest
to protect itself, I do believe that the experience
of all commercial nations—our own among others
—has demonstrated that the wisdom of Congress
should avail itself of the experience of the com-
mercial world, and do something more than has
yet been done for the protection of human life
upon the sea, and upon the waters generally of
this country.
Sir, let me call the attention of the House to a
general observation which is made with reference
to the safety to steam vessels m this country and
in European countries. It is a proverbial rcmaik
that more accidents occur upon the rivers erf this
country and upon the sea m American vessels
than in those of any other country. Something
of this may be attributed to another truth: the
proverbial recklessness of Americana with refer-
ence to their personal safety in traveling'.
But, sir, 1 call the attention of the House to the
very great difference which exists between the
vigilance employed by the Government of tins
country and the vigilance, employed by the Gov-
ernments of the European commercial countries,
in reference to the safety of their passenger ves-
sels. Lee me eall {he attention of the House to a
very recent proof Of the extreme care with which
other Governments look upon the safety of their
vessels. Five million dollars and more was ex-
pended in the erection of the Great Eastern, that
marvel of the world. Upon that vessel were
• brought to bear all the resources of naval archi-
tecture which modern times had developed; upon
that vessel was developed ev-ery improvement
which science had discovered in reference to en-
gines and machinery-—every improvement which
had been suggested m reference to the safety of
passengers, and their comfort and convenience.
Whgtt next? When the vessel was subjected to
the examination of the English board of trade,
they would not allow her to be eieaied lor sea;
they would not give the necessary certificate,
without which .-die could not effect an insurance,
or be cleared from a British poit; because, in their
judgment, great as had been the skill expended
upon her, and lavish as had been the expenditure,
she was not deemed to be safe. Now, sir, in this
country no such restriction would have been im-
posed. Vessels may be constructed according lo
the caprice of any owner, and they may be sent
to sea without, any governmental supervision ex-
cept the very imperfect one provided by the act
of 185:2, in refeienee to engines; and lu'nceitis
that this striking contrast m exhibited m the fo>s~
tenng ear.' exercised by the (\\o Governments
over human life, safety, and comfort, in traveling
by steam o\er the :;ea; hence it is that we are
obbgul to eonfcNX — iepioaehful as that confes-
sion is to our eountry,nnd injurious as it is to
the prosju-iiiy of our commerce — that our steam
vessels are last disappearing from the sea, and
giving place to similar craft, constructed in other
column's. INtssengris instinctively, aa nil a due
regard to their own safety, prt fer foreign-built
vesyc)s to American-built vessels.
Now, sir,freight soon follows passengers, and
the muil soon follows passengers and freight;and
the commerce, of the world soon follows in the
the saitii' channel indicated by passengers* mail,
and freight, in reference to the security of trans-
portation. I hope, therefore, thatthis subject will
be entered upon seriously by this House; that it
will not be < on^igot d to oblivion, or subjected to
the delay that would eiutie on its being sent to the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union.
I hope t hat the suggestion of I he chairma n of t he
Committee on Commerce, (Mi. Wasiiiss r\i\ of
Illinois,] seconded w ith so much force by the hon-
orable gentleman from Kentucky, [ A'J r, Ih'RNT.TT,]
will bt acted upon: that we shall take up the sub-
eel in the House, considerthe bill section by sec-
tion, end dispone of u within a reasonable time.
1 think by so doing wc will only meet a just pub-
he expectation, and perform a high public duty.
Mr CLARK, of New York, obtained the floor.
_Mr. BURNETT. Ifthegentl, ■man from New
York is not particular as to the point in the con-
sideration of the bill at which he makes his re-
marks, J ask him to allow the question now to be
taken upon the proposition to refer the bill, and
he will then be entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I prefer that the gentle-
man from New York shall submit his remarks
now. I think perhaps the remarks he may sub-
mit will have some influence with the House in
their decision of the question of reference.
Mr. MILES. If the gentleman from New York
has no particular desire to submit his remarks at
this point, I hope ho will give way.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. On the whole,
I think I had better go on at present.
Mr. Speaker, the bill which is the subject of
consideration to-day must be conceded to be one
of unusual importance. It affects directly the great
commercial interests of the coi r>try. It deals with
every branch of ourmdustry which is concerned in,
oi associated with, the navigation by steam, of our
lakes, nveis, and harbors. It reaches, sir, beyond
theso fields ofinland commerce,and brings within
its grasp the whole steam tonnage of the United
States employed in the navigation of the ocean.
The amount in value of the property which is
sought to be subjected to its enactments is so large,
and the number of our citizens whose interests
are to be affected by it, should it become a law,
is so considerable, that I am constrained to concur
with gentlemen in the opinion that the bill and its
seveial provisions are entitled to the mostserious
attention of the House.
The title of the bill must be regarded as a taking
one; for surely no gentleman upon this floor can
fail to sympathize with any well-directed effort
towards increasing the security of human life.
All of us recognize the special dangeis to which
life is exposed upon that peculiar element, which,
while we have been enabli d to subject it to our
use, we have as yet been unable to reduce to our
control.
If the honorable gentleman from Illinois shall
have succeeded by I he scheme of this bill in depriv-
ing the seas of their ancient terrors, he will have
rendered a distinguished service to his race, and
have securely laid the foundation of perennial
fame.
1 feel, sir, as the gentleman has doubless felt,
regret that the limitation of debate, which lesults
from the hour rule, forbids the effort to bring be-
fore the House, the field of examination and in-
quiry necessarily opened by the provisions of this
bill. The most that I can attempt is to state the
condition of existing laws upon several of the lead-
ing propositions of the measure, and to call the
attention of the House to thealterationspioposed,
and to the practical effect of the pioposed alter-
ations upon the commerce which is the subjeetof
our action.
The acts of Congress regulating the carriage of
pitssoijgei s by \ essels propelled by :-fluis or steam
extend back (o a bou t the y< ar J 81!), when, if I mis-
take not, the first art ngulating passcng< r ships
was passed. Congress seems to have then as-
set ted full power over the whole subject of ocean
iKinsportation; and it may now be too late lo
question the existence of the power, or to at tempt
to place limits upon its exercise. I have not time,
to enter upon the discussion of that branch of
the subject. From Itsll) down to 1855, various
enactments were passed having reference to the
geneial subject of passenger transportation upon
the ocean.
In the year 1855, an act wtls passed entitled
"An act to rcgulaLe the carriage of passengers,"
&e., in which was contained a substantial repeal
of all existing laws relative to passenger trans-
portation upon the ocean, except the acts of July
7, llW, and August 30, These two acts
havespecial reference to vessels propelled m whole
or in pail by steam, and, together with the act of
1855, to which I have, lefened.anu which by one
of its seofmns was made in some particulars, ap-
plicable to steam vessels, remain in force.
In these acts of IKiS, 1852, and 1855, are to be
found embodied the existing laws regulating pas-
senger carriers on our inland waters and upon the.
sen.
The act of 1838 was passed before the problem
of the practicability of the-navigation of the ocean
by steam was fully solved, and its provisions
were chiefly confined t# the establishment of a
system of inspection of the hulls, boilers., and
machinery of steamboats employed upon the bays,
lakes, and rivers of the United States.
The inspectors, whose offices were created by
that act, are appointed by the district judge of the
United States within whose district any ports of
entry or delivery may be, and their compensation
is derivable from fees allowed them for the annual
inspection of hulls and the semi-annual inspection
of the boilers and machinery provided for by the
act. These fees are payable by the owner and
master of the vessel, and were fixed by the act at
five dollars for each inspection. This act entailed
no expense upon the public Treasury. Its ma-
chinery was simple and its provisions clear and
well defined. The mode of appointment of the
inspectors has been the means of securing the
faithful execution of the law. So far as my
knowledge extends, there is no substantial ground
of complaint against it.
The act of 1852 was an amendment of that of
1838, to which I have referred, but of more gigan-
tic proportions. Founded upon the same policy
which dictated that of 1838, and with the same
professed objects, it brought into being a new set
of inspectors, clothed with vast powers, and. ren-
dered capable, by reason of its peculiar provis-
ions, of becoming the possessors of vast revenues.
From the small beginnings of the act of 1838 has
arisen the magnificent system of steamship and
steamboat inspection which now prevails in these
United States—a system gigantic as the commerce
of the country, presided over by a body of men
who, by means of the extiaordinary provisions
of their governmental charter, exercise to-day a
power over the maritime and commercial inter-
ests of our people, of the extent of which many
of the members of this honorable body have no
conception.
This act of 1852 has relation as well to steam-
ers registered as enrolled, and the powers of the
inspectors created by it now extend to every de-
scription of vessel propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and owned by a citizen of the United
States, with the exception of steamers used as
ferry-boats, tug-boats, towing-boats, and steam-
ers, not exceeding one hundred and fifty tons bur-
den, used in whole or in part for canal navigation.
These descriptions of steamers are exempt from
the operation of tht^act of 1852. They remain,
under the supervision of the inspectors created by
the actof 1838. Public vessels of the United States
and vessels of other countries arc also exempt
from the act of 1852. But, with these exceptions,
not one single steamer's wheel can turn without
the approbation of these gentlemen first had and
obtained.
1 do not purpose to examine in detail the pro-
visions of the act of 1852, for it is not essential
that 1 should do so but for one purpose, and that
is to satisfy the' House, if I can, that no good
and valid reason exists why the act of 1852 should
be extended over the humble craft which were
expiessly exempted from its reach by its forty-
second section.
I am notappiisedof any public grievance which
can be remedied by this proposed extension of the
act of 1852. I am not aware that any advantage
can accrue to our people by reason of the transfer
to the inspectors appointed under this act, of the
powers and duties conferred by the act of 1838
upon the inspectors therein directed to be ap-
pointed by the district judge. The same consid-
erations which impelled the Congress of 1852 to
exempt this small craft from subjection to the
cumbrous machinery of the actof that year, oper-
ate with increased force in favor of the continu-
ance of such exemption, ltistruethat the powers
of the, inspectors, under the act of 1852, will be
greatly increased if this scheme shall be adopted;
but 1 can conceive of no advantages to result there-
from, except, to the inspectors themselves.
It may well be questioned whether Congress
has ihe constitutional power to lay its hand upon
the feiries—which in many of the States are run
under heonscsgrnntt d by municipalities—and sub-
ject them to the control and management of the
inspectors appointed by the act of 1852. The
city of New York holds ferry franchises under a
charter older than the Constitution itself,and must
be presumed tp be competent to make such regu-
lations for their conduct as shall be essential to
the safety of the persons who use them. The
Legislature of the State of New York is to be
pi esumed to be competent to make such rules and
regulations as are essential to the safe manage-
ment of the tugs, tow-boats, and freight-boats
which ply m the harbof of New York and upon
her great river.
I can see no good reason justifying the delega-
tion by Congress to this board of inspectors of
