366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
but, in that opinion, lie differs from the opinion
of what I understand to be a very large portion
of the people of the northern States. Now, sup-
pose they, having the numerical majority of votes,
so regarding him as a citizen, choose to elect him
President of the United States, would you still
be in favor of remaining in the Union ?
Mr. STOKES. I understand the question of
the gentleman, and I reply that the Supreme Court
of the United States has decided that he is not a
citizen; and that, it seems to me, is a sufficient
answer.
Mr. LAMAR. My object is to show that
there is an agreement between the gentleman and
myself.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Clerk, I cannot be inter-
rupted further.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope our friends
will allow the gentleman to proceed. He is a
young member, and is expressing his views for
the first time here.
Mr. STOKES. I think that I have answered
the gentleman's question. The Supreme Court
has decided that a negro, free or slave, is not a
citizcn, and therefore cannot be President of the
United States.
Mr. SINGLETON. I do not want to in-
terrupt the gentleman, but I hope that he will
understand me. X want to know whether he is
uninformed of the fact that a large number of the
Republican party at the North oppose that de-
cision ?
Mr. STOKES. I understand that there are
some there whose opinions do not conform to that
decision.
Mr. SINGLETON. Differing from you; sup-
pose they elect him, will you resist it or not?
Mr. STOKES. I have answered the gentle-
man's question fairly and distinctly, that the Su-
preme Court has decided thatanegro, or African,
cannot be a citizcn, and that such a one cannot,
therefore, occupy the presidential chair. Gov-
ernor Banks, of Massachusetts, recognized this
feature of that decision in a recent veto message.
Mr. HILL. It seems to me that so remote a
possibility as the one suggested by my friend from
Mississippi, need hardly be regarded. 1 think
that 1 shall do no injustice to the large body of men
on theothersido,composingthc "Republican parly,
when 1 say that I am willing to trust to them, that
amongst them will be found plenty who will ac-
cept the Presidency rather than they shall be sub-
jected to the humiliation of taking up a negro.
[Laughter. J They are patriotic enough, I am sure,
to prevent that degradation.
Mr. STOKES. I was asked whether I will
dissolve the Union in a certain event. I have
answered that question. I now answer further-
more, that I will never, never—no, never will I
agree to dissolve this Union for anything, 1 care
not what. [Applause in the «allenes.] I am for
staying in the Union at all hazards, and to the
last extremity, if we have difficulties now hang-
ing over us, if gloom and darkness surround us,
let us look and see what would be the consequences
if this Union were dissolved. What is our con-
dition now? Here we have the southern States
with slavery. "We are surrounded on one side
with water, and on the other by the northern
Stales—free States, and most of them have laws
by which southern men can reclaim and take back
their fugitive slaves. Dissolve this Union !
Mr. RUST. Will the gentleman permit me?
[Cries from the Republican benches of " Go on;
no interruptions I"]
Mr. STOKES, I wish to make my remarks,
and if guntlemen want to reply to them they can
do so when I have concluded—as many of them,
sir, as choose.
Yes, sir, we are surrounded on the north by
the free States, and in most of them there are
laws enabling the southern man to reclaim his
fugitive slave. If we divide this Union by Ma-
son and Dixon's line, make that the boundary
between a northern and southern confederacy,
and our difficulties would be tenfold, yea a hun-
dred fold, worse than they are now. Then, when
your slaves crossed that line of division between
the North and the South, when they stepped over
that boundary they would be as free as if their
escape was into Canada. Now the northern
States are between our limits and the British Prov-
inces, and if a southern man loses his slave he
can reclaim him. Divide this Union and make
Mason and Dixon's line the boundary between
the two confederacies, and you would have no
security at all for your slave property.
Mr. RUST. Let mo ask the gentleman a ques-
tion.
Mr. STOKES. I prefer to go on. Now, Mr.
Clerk, there is a division in the Democratic party
in regard to the question of slavery. Is not there
division here ? Yes, sir. What about this doc-
trine of popular sovereignty put forth by Senator
Douglas? Is that the doctrine of the southern
Democracy? that the people of a Territory while
in a territorial condition nave the legislative ca-
pacity to exclude or admit slavery, to manage
and control in all things by law their domestic
affairs, embracing in all respects the subject of
slavery ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD Does the gentleman
ask his question expecting it to be answered?
[Criesof " Order!"]
Mr. STOKES. 1 am stating these things as I
understand them. I do not object to interruptions
from any disrespect to gentlemen, but because I
want to finish my remarks. If any member of
the Douglas school, the Buchanan school, or the
southern school, want to answer the remarks of
one so humble as myself, they can do so after I
have concluded. You find, as I have said, that
there is great difference between Democrats in
reference to this question of slavery. Some are
for the popular sovereignty doctrine of Mr. Doug-
las, while others are against it. 1 have heard one
member of the Democratic party state that he
would not support Mr. Douglas even if he were
nominated by the Charleston convention.
The doctrine put forth by Mr. Douglas has
been regarded as more odious than any doctrine
which has been presented to the South. The lead-
ing organ of the Democratic party in Tennessee
—I allude to the Nashville. Union—when it came
to refer to the course of Judge Douglas and those
who went ofF with him, bitterly denounced that
doctrine. What do you find in that leading organ
to-day ? That those who went off with Douglas
are worse than the Republicans. I do not say that I
quote the language precisely; but, speaking from
memory, I think I have given the substance of
what that organ stated.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow 
Mr. STOKES. No, sir. And that paper went
on further to say that Mr. Douglas would have
been in full fellowship with the Republican party,
but they would not receive him. Yet we are tokl
that they are a unit, that they are a great national
party. 1 beg leave to say to gentlemen who hold
that party to be a national party, that that opinion
is refuted by the witnesses produced this morn-
ing. You have. it so declared by the honorable
Senator from Mississippi. [Mr. Brown,] in an
address he delivered to the Legislature of his
State. Why, sir, he denounces this Republican
doctrine, and then goes on and denounces the
Douglas doctrine. Why,sir, I find they will not
agree m my State, and I find they disagree hero.
The papers from which I have read extracts have
stated the case correctly. But why did those
papers utter those sentiments during the last Con-
gress? Because of a discussion which took place
in the other end of the Capitol, between Senators
Douglas, Pugh, Broderick and others on the one
side, and Messrs. Brown and Davis, of Missis-
sippi, and others from the South, upon the other
side. When northern Senators stood up and
told southern Senators that the Kansas-Nebraska
bill contained the popular-sovereignty doctrine;
that Mr. Buchanan, in accepting it, construed it
in that way; and that had he not construed it in
that way in his letter of acceptance he could not
have carried a single northern State, southern
Democratic Senators replied, that if construed in
that way he would not have carried a single
southern State. Yet there is no division! I think
there is. Then it was that those papers came
out and uttered those sentiments and gave their
opinions to the country.
I have heard gentlemen upon this floor declare,
since I have been here, that they wanted no more
cheating. I am in favor of no more cheating.
The Americans and Whigs of Tennessee, in the
canvass of 1855 and the canvass of 1856, stood
together shoulder to shoulder, and told the Dem-
ocratic party of the State that Mr. Douglas's
view of it was the proper construction; that that
was just what the Kansas-Nebraska bill meant:
and yet the southern Democrats stood square up
and denied it, and said it meant no such thing. I
told them time would prove our position correct,
and it was proved no longer ago than last Con-
gress. The northern Democrats stood upon the
Douglas 'doctrine, and the southern Democrats
stand upon the side of the President. So much
for the position of the Dem6cratic party upon
that question.
I agree with the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] who made the proposition to us this
morning, that if we would walk over heart and
hand and join the Democratic party, it would tend
to build up a great southern sectional party. 1
have heara that, and I believe that it would tend
to build up a sectional party at the South, stronger
than any sectional party which now exists there;
but it would drive northern members also to act
together. I deprecate and abhor the idea of build-
ing up a sectional party anywhere. I am for the
Union, and for sustaining the Constitution and
the laws everywhere, for the just rights of all sec-
tions. I am for the North, South, East, and West,
and we ought to go on heart and hand as a band
of brothers.
Some gentlemen may come to tho conclusion, I
have been talking so much about the Democratic
party that I would propose to affiliate with the
other side of the House. I wish to say, it has
been insinuated, and even charged, that the Oppo-
sition were in affiliation with the Republican side
of the House. I believe it has been further said
that had it not been for John Brown's foray, the
southern Opposition would have been in full fel-
lowship with the Republican party. It was fur-
ther said by tho gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
as I understood him, that another evidence that
we were in affiliation with the Republicans, was
that a portion of us had taken seats upon the
Republican side of the House.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
read an article taken from a paper published in
Tennessee, recommending that v®ry thing?
Mr. STOKES. No, sir. [Cries of "Go on!"]
l3r. COX. I am now prepared with the evi-
dence upon that point.
Mr. STOKES. It was charged during the can-
vass that we would be in affiliation with the Re-
publican party. It was charged that we would
be in affiliation with the Republican and Abolition
party. That was charged in } 836, in 1840, m 1844
—yes, sir, the Sage of Ashland, Mr. Clay, was
charged and hunted down in 1844, and branded
with every sort of infamy. We were charged in
1848 with it; wc were charged in 1852, and we
were charged in 1856 with it. And since we came
here, it has been said that we are likely to affiliate
with the Republicans. Now, let me say—and I
think I am authorized to speak, not only for my-
self, but for the whole southern Opposition—that
no intention ever entered the mind of one member
of the southern Opposition, to my knowledge, of
affiliating with the Republicans upon the slavery
question. I say here, that I cannot vote for the
fentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman*] much as
may esteem him for his social qualities; but I
will say this, while there is no affiliation, the Re-
publican side of the House, outside of the slavery
question 
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. STOKES. I do not wish to be interrupted.
Outside of the slavery question there is, in my
opinion, a large portion of the Republican side of
the House, and the opposition South,who do agree
upon some of the great questions which may be
brought up and agitated in this Congress. I think
that their views in relation to the tariff are some-
what similar to ours, and also their views in rela-
tion to other questions. There is one great question
on which I think they agree with us. # My hon-
orsfble friend from Mississippi said this morning
that he thought there was but a trifling difference
between the Democrats and the southern Opposi-
tion. Now, sir, as I have said, there is one ques-
tion that I regard as important, concerning which,
I think the Republicans and southern Opposition
agree pretty generally, and that is, in uniting in
probing to the very core the corruptions that have
oeen practiced by this Administration. We have,
t repeat, no affiliation with the Republican side
of the House upon the question of slavery. There
has been none, and there will be none, so long as
they occupy the .position and the ground which
they now occupy in regard to slavery. I have
