82*4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
eral frofn some embarrassment if Congress was
to say to him, " put everything where it was be-
fore the bill was lost, and then go ahead with
your reforms;" Thatisrhy view of it, and there-
fore I vote for it.
Now, sir, a word as to compelling payment
where this service has been actually performed.
It is useless to split hairs about that. In many
instances, where reductions were made, public
opiniondemanded that the service should be con-
tinued. It was impossible to carry on the private
and commercial relations of the country under
the reductions that were made. Public opinion,
therefore, coerced, for instance, the steam-line
Isabel into existence again. The Postmaster
General said to all those who continued the ser-
vice that he would make no contract with them,
and would not even agree to recommend to Con-
gress to pay them; but by giving them the mails,
f think he entered into such complicity with them
as makes it a debt due'by the United States. It
is useless to say that this service was voluntary;
that it was against the will of the Department. It
is impossible for anybody, unless he commits
burglary, to get mail matter out of the post office
without the consent of the postmaster. I see that
the Senatorfrom Florida is about to rise. I know
what he is going to say. If there was any col-
lusion with any of the local postmasters, it was
in the power of'the Postmaster General to dis-
miss him; and he ought to have known the fact
and acted upon it. I say distinctly that, where
the mails have been given out and the service has
been performed, it seems to me something very
much like a fraud on the part of this Government
if they refuse to p'ty; and if they refuse to pay
flow, the time will come when they will have to
pay. None of this service was performed, I take
it, unless where the public demanded it; where
the postmasters felt compelled by public opinion
to give the mails to the contractors; and if, under
these circumstances, they carried the mails, I think
Congress is bound in honor and common honesty
to pay them.
Mr. YULEE. Allow me to set the Senator
right on his matter of fact. There is so much
remaining, and so much that is important and in-
teresting to the postal service, that I do not wish
to protract a discussion which has already occu-
pied much of the time of the Senate, and 1 am
sure nothing new can be said; but in reply to the
matter of fact alleged by the .Senator, I desire to
set him right. There has been no service in the
transportation of the mails since that time by the
assent of the Postmaster General upon routes
which had been curtailed, exccpt where the con-
tractors* running more frequently for the accom-
modation of passengers, found it more convenient
to themselves to divide the bulk of the mails, and
obtained from the Department permission to do
so, with the express understanding that no com-
pensation should be required for it. In any other
case, where they have carried lhe mails, it has been
by collusion with the local postmasters; and I ask
the Senator whether the dismissal of a local post-
master, on the discovery that may be made here-
after, will be any compensation to the Govern-
ment for the plunder which tins amendment pro-
poses?
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I deem it
proper to those who expect that I shall vote for
this bill to state the reason why I do not feel at
liberty to do so. I represent, in part, a State a
portion of which is deeply interested in the special
line—the Isabel—which is mentioned in this bill;
and I have taken a great deal of trouble to bring
the matter prominently before the Senate and the
country; ande very day I see more and more the im-
portance of cheiishing that line,and I desire earn-
estly to do so; but I cannot doso if I am to vote for
the restoration of the other service. I have given
the subject maturcexamination,and3as interested
as I am, I am satisfied that those constituents
whom i represent would require me to act just as
I am doing now, and hazard the entire mail ser-
vice rather than accept the mail service on the
terms proposed to us. I uphold the Postmaster
General throughout in the whole of his action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that there is a message on the table from the
President of the United States touching this gen-
eral subject.
Mr. ?UGrH and others. Let us take this vote
first.
.The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved i
and seconded that the Senate reconsider the vote
taken last evening by which the House amend-
ment'^fas concurred in.
Mr.fPUGH. I desire to ask a question of the
Senator from Florida. I understood him, this
morning, to signify his indifference whether the
Senate reconsidered this vote or not. That was
the purport of his speech. Now, I want to save
this bill. I am not perfectly satisfied" with it in
its present shape; but I am against the entire re-
jection of it. If he is willing to take the risk of
another conference, I shall be happy to vote with
him for a reconsideration. Otherwise, if I am
forced, by the House on the one side and the
Post Office Department and the Post Office Com-
mittee on the other side, to vote either for the en-
tire restoration, as the House proposes, or for no
restoration at all, I shall be compelled, against
my own judgment, to vote with the House. If
the Senator desires, upon information which he
has received, and thinks it is possible for us to
come to an understanding with the House, avoid-
ing objections on the one hand, and saving what
I think ought to be saved on the other, it will give
me pleasure to vote for the reconsideration and
for another conference. I ask him that for in-
formation, because it will guide my vote.
Mr. YULEE. 1 reply to the Senator from Ohio
by saying, that if he proposes to reconsider with
the purpose of disagreeing to the House amend-
ment, 1 hope he will vote for the reconsideration;
but if he proposes to reconsider only with the
purpose of substituting for tins any amendment
which will contain the same offensive principle,
to wit, a legislative interference with the execution
of the Post Office laws, then I think he had better
not reconsider. It depends altogether upon his
motive. If he desires to reconsider with a view
of disagreeing to what is obnoxious in the House
amendment, then, of course, he will vote for a re-
consideration, and not otherwise.
Mr.PUGH. 1 do not propose any legislative in-
terference with the executive department; neither
do I propose that any Executive Department, or
the President, shall seize into his hands the ad-
ministration of the Government. The postal ser-
vice is under the control of Congress. We have
a right to say how it shall be conducted, and in
what manner its affairs shall be managed, how
taxes shall be levied on our constituents, and how
they shall be supplied with mail facilities. If the
Senator means to say that the Congress of the
United States shall pass no law or no amendment
regulating the postal service which is notaccoid-
ing to the wishesof the Postmaster General, then,
With all my respect for that officer, I shall be
compelled to say that it involves a much higher
principle than that to wlurh the Senator alluded.
Therefore, being now advised that the purpose of
the Senator from Florida, representing the Post
Office Committee, is to forcc us to ignore the en-
tire proposition to restore to our people the mail
facilities of which they were deprived by the fail-
ure of the Post Office appropriation bill last year,
1 shall be compelled to vote for what, in other cir-
cumstances, i should have desired to see amended:
namely, the House amendment.
Air. HAMLIN. I want to occupy two minutes.
I think I shall not take more time than that. I
1 want to say, what I think every Senator has said
; on this side of the Senate, that no disrespect to
i the Postmaster General is intended, and nobody
i has any right to infer it from the act itself,
j Mr. YULEE. Certainly not.
j Mr. IIAMLIN, Now, the Senator from Flor-
| ida bases his objection, if I understand it, upon
| the ground that this is executive business done
i by Congress. Sir, what did that Senator do yes-
i torday ? I will not consent that the charge shall be
] made on us here day in and day out, rung in our
j ears on every occasion, and that Senator himself
j obnoxious to the very same thing.
.Mr. YULEE. When?
I Mr. HAMLIN. Yesterday. I am going to
j read what you did here yesterday yourself, and
I called your attention to it; but yon sat still, and
no division was called on the bill. I have it here
before me, and I will read it. I say it is execu-
tive all through, from beginning to end.
Mr. YULEE. Do you mean the Sacramento
bill?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do.
Mr. YULEE. Well, sir 
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not want the Senator to
interrupt me.
Mr. YULEE. You need not read it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will read it. It provides:
"That the Postmaster Geneial be, and is hereby, author-
ized and directed to t;o modify the conn acts with the con-
tractors now perfoiming^erviceson routes 12.">43and
so as to provide for the conveyance of the entire United
States mail, jn four-horse stages, daily; at a schedule of
seven days, from April 1st to December In, and twelve
days the remainder of the year, from Sacramento, via
Yreka, Jacksonville, ltosebmg, Oakland, and Salem, to
Portland, Oregon, for a compensation of $90,000 per jear,
the contract to expire September 15, lbo4; and that the
Postmaster General be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to establish a service six times a week, at a schedule
of thirty-six hours throughout the year'*—
It might just as well fix the hours of arrival and
departure—
u from Portland, Oiegon, via Vancouver, Saint Helen's, and
Monucello, to Ojympia, in Washington Territory, by acon-
tract, at a rs'te of compensation not to exceed the rate per
mile allowed fiom Saeraincnto to Portland, with >tenmer
service from Portland to Cowlitz, and from Cowlitz to
Olympia by tour-horse stages; and the Postmaster is di-
rected) discontinue the ocean L-ervice from San Franci&eo
to Oljmpia, via Poitland and A^tona, Oregon, so soon us
the service contemplated by this act is established."
There is a bill that is executive from the first
line of it to the last.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. And the Senator sat still in
his seat, and when I called his attention to it he
had no words of burning indignation to pour out
on this side of the Senate, because we wanted to
exercise the power that belongs to us, to tell the
Postmaster General what we want him to do—to
listen to his superiors—to the law that in our
wisdom we see fit to enact; and when we enact
that law, neither he nor anybody else has a right
to presume that we intend any disrespect. It is
begging the question. Now, sir, 1 do not want
it to be charged on me any more from the men
who pass these very bills.
Mr. YULEE. I did not pass that bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. You sat still and did not ob-
ject to it.
Mr. YULEE. I opposed it in committee, as is
known to the members of the committee, but I was
overruled by my committee, and it was reported
to the Senate. I should have felt it my duty to
caJl the attention of the Senate to the very feature
that the Senator from Maine did, if he had not pre-
ceded me by calling the attention of the Senate to
it, as he docs now. By his doing that, I was
saved the necessity of it, and I did what that Sen-
ator did not-—I voted against it. But the cases
are not parallel. That related to prospective ser-
vice. I did nut bv any means claim, as my friend
from Ohio seemed to suppose I did, that the legis-
lative department has no power to make laws to
direct the Executive in their action. To them
belongs only the execution of the laws. I agree
that you may appropriate your money as you
please, do any act which has reference to the dis-
posal of the public money, and require the Pres-
ident and his officers to carry into effect your will.
That belongs to the appropriating power; but that
is not this case. Under existing laws the exec-
utive having done certain acts, having executed
the laws, you come now and review, and sit in
judgment upon the mode in which they have ex-
ecuted thein, to replace the service where it was,
to undo what they have done; and if even you
had the power, the act is attended with such mis-
chievous consequences to the public service, so
demoralizing to the Department in all its organ-
ization, that k would be fatal to the public inter-
ests, and for that reason should be refused.
I say, then, that if the Senator from Ohio re-
considers with a view of depriving the amendment
of its fault; if he reconsiders with a view of leav-
ing yet to the Departments the discretion which
is necessary to protect the public interests* if he
means to reconsider with a view of saving the
Treasury from the plunder contemplated by the
payment for services never authorized by law,
which will make entirely insubordinate the em-
ployes of the Government, which will subject you
year after year to repeated demands of the same
sort, and which you cannot resist when you have
set this precedent, then, I say, we should recon-
sider; but otherwise, it will be bootless.
I will tell the Senate the consequences of this
legislation, whether you have the power or not—
and I do not dispute your power—to do anything
connected with an appropriation. Within the
past week a contractor, to v/hom the head of the
