1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
UK
said, sir, and, I repeat, that I think the true posi-
tion for the southern Opposition—although few in
number, only twenty-four, including the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Briggs,] whose course
here I admir?—i« to stand between these two sec-
tional parties that are arrayed against each other
here, and appeal to them, and admonish, and per-
suade them to stay their hand, until, if possible,
a sufficient number of conservative men may be
induced to concentrate upon a South American,
and elect him Speaker. Such an event, in my
humble judgment, would do more to allay this
feeling of excitement in the country than any one
thing that could be done by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
My honorable friend from Mississippi says
that there is very little difference between us.
Why, then, could not the Democrats vote for Mr.
Gilmer? But, Mr. Clerk, to the subject of the
organization of the House. Why is it that this
House is not organized? We have been here for
five weeks balloting, and no Speaker is elected
yet. Why is it ? Gentlemen upon the Demo-
cratic side of the House have said repeatedly that
they desire an organization, and are willing to
make some concessions in order to elect some man
to preside over this body who is not a Republi-
can. They declare their purpose to be to defeat
the Republican candidate for Speaker. They have
stated it over and over again, and the impression
js sought to be made on the country, to some ex-
tent, that the southern Opposition were responsi-
ble. I ask any Democrat upon this floor, if there
has ever been a time, at any period since we met
here, when the twenty-three southern Opposition
men could have elected any Democrat? I intend
that the issue shall go to the country, as itought
to, and that the responsibility shall be placed on
the proper shoulders. I assert again, in view of
the ballotings here, that not a solitary ballot has
been had here when the twenty-three southern
Opposition could have elected a Democrat Speaker
of the House. Then, why ask us to come over
and join the Democratic party ? Whatgood will
it do ? What advantage is to be derived from it ?
Will it make an election? No, sir, it will not
make an election of a Democrat. Then, why do
they ask it ? We have said to them, and I say it
again, now, that whenever they show, mo that
they have a man who can command votes enough
with the twenty-three votes of the southern Oppo-
sition, to elect him and place him in that Speaker's
chair, then,and in that event I will entertain your
proposition.
Mr. GARTRELL. Do you speak for all of
your party ?
Mr. STOKES. I can speak for a very large
majority of them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will say to the
gentleman that if, at any time, they can give us
votes enough, we can get the five anti-Lecompton
Democrats.
Mr. ADRAIN". The gentleman from Missis-
sippi has no authority to speak for the live anti-
Lccompton Democrats. [Laughter.] Theanti-
Lecompton Democrats oil this floor are capable
of speaking for themselves, and I certainly think
that it is out of place m the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi to substitute himself in the place of one
of their number. The House will know their
sentiments when one of their own number speaks
for them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I want the gen-
tleman to understand distinctly that I have no
desire to substitute myself for him.
Mr. ADRAIN. I will only say that if the gen-
tleman should substitute himself for me, it would
be a most excellent substitute so far as personal
appearance goes. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should con-
sider that I was dishonoring myself if I should do
such a thing.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi did not intend to say anything offen-
sive to mo when he made the remark that m sub-
stituting himself in my place he would consider
that he was dishonoring himself. I think he
should nothave made thatromarkjbecause, since
I have occupied a seat upon this floor, I have j
never uttered a single word to wound the feelings j
of any gentleman; and I ccrtainly think that the j
gentleman from Mississippi ought to recall the
remark that he has just made. He and myself
have always been upon the most friendly terms,
andl have forhim the highest regard. I attribute
remark to impulsive feeling, and believe that
on reflection *he will withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have, this to
say: I have spoken of the gentleman frojiji New
Jersey, and the four or five others who cooperate
with him, with the utmost kindness. I gave it as
my opinion in my speech, from what I had heard
upon this floor in debate and in conversation, that
whenever their votes would elect a member of the
Democratic party, they would cooperate with us
in electing him. Acting upon that impression, I
made the remark just no w that such was my opin-
ion. The remark which the gentleman made im-
mediately afterwards I thought was rather offen-
sive, considering the relations which had existed
between us.
Mr. ADRAIN. It was not so intended.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the gentleman
says it was not so intended, then I withdraw the
remark I made.
Mr. ADRAIN. I certainly intended nothing
of the kind.
Mr. STOKES. I was going on to say, thatat
no time since I have been here could the southern
Opposition have elected a Democrat as Speaker of
this House. And I say thr.t fact is proved and
demonstrated most clearly by the record. 'Then,
I say, that, until the Democratic party settles its
own quarrels and its own disputes, until they can
harmonize among themselves, it is not fair to ask
us to come to them. No, sir; I say that it is not
a fair proposition to ask us to come over and help
them to harmonize and reconcile their difficulties
in their own party.
Gentlemen have said that they would deplore,
that they would regard as a calamity upon the
country, the election to the Speaker's chair of a
gentleman who has indorsed the Helper book. I
would regret to sec it myself. I would regret to
see Mr. Sherman elected to that cjiair, if he has
indorsed the. sentiments that are in the Helper
book. If he has not, I would be glad to hear him
say it. Gentlemen 011 the Democratic side of the
House tell us, and want it to go forth to the coun-
try, that they are anxious to organize the House.
Yousayyou arc desirous todefeattheRepublican
candidate; that you desire to place in that chair a
national and Union-loving man, a man who loves
the Constitution, and is willing to obey all the
law®. You have said these things in substance.
You have appealed to us time and again; you have
told us that you desired to harmonize the elements
of opposition to the Republican party." Have you
ever had it in your power to do it? Not by the
election of one of your own men; but you have
had it in your power on two occasions to elect
John A. Gilmer, of North Carolina, as Speaker
of this House. Gentlemen get up here and say
they will not vote for Mr. Gilmer. Why? When
we told that side of the House that Mr. Gilmer
could get votes enough with the votes of the Demo-
crats proper to elect him, conservative men from
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and other States, came
over and voted for him, giving him, on the next
ballot, thirty-six votes. Eighty from the Demo-
cratic side of the House would, at that time, have
elected Mr. Gilmer Speaker of this House. After
that vote was taken it was then said, I heard it
spoken of ill private conversation, that if the Dem-
ocrats had commenced changing their votes to Mr.
Gilmer, those gentlemen from New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, and elsewhere, would have abandoned
him and gone back to Mr. Sherman.
I informed some of these gentlemen of what I
had heard; and they assured me that they had
voted for Mr. Gilmer in good faith, and would
vote for him again, if he desired it. We notified
the Democratic side of the House of the fact; we
gave them due and timely notice. We told them
that it would be in their power again to elect Mr.
Gilmer; and that, if they did not vote for him,
upon them would rest the responsibility for the
non-organization of the House. Mr. Gilmer was
again put in nomination; andupon the next ballot
received thirty-six votes; but, I believe, not a
single solitary Democrat voted for him. Why
was this ? I repeat, sir, that the Democratic party
of this House have had two fair opportunities to
place in that chair a southern man, a patriot, a
Union man, a Constitution-loving man, a law-
abiding man, who has been educated in the South,
who has resided in the South all his life, who is
the owner of numerous slaves, whose family and
whose all are in the South. I make then the issue;
and it was alone for the purpose of making that
issue, that I have asked the attention of the House
atallto-day. And now,I want to say to the H ojjse
why I have been casting my vote for that honor-
able gentleman. I have had his character repre-
sented to me', politically, socially, morally, and in
every other sense of the word, as above reproach.
His character is without stain—without blot or
blemish. He is qualified to occupy that chair.
He is competent; he would preside over the de-
liberations of this body with dignity; and I doubt
not he would administer the duties of that high
position fairly,honestly, withoutpartiality. With
a man of that character, it was within the reach
of the votes of eighty of the Democrats of this
House to have placed him in the Speaker's chair;
and they refused to do it. Yet they still tell
us they arc very anxious to organize the House
by the election of a Speaker in opposition to the
Republican candidate. Why, gentlemen, you
have no man who could accomplish that result
with the assistance of our votes. We have placed
it within your power to elect John A. Gilmer,
and we can do it again.
My impression is, that my colleague, Mr. Eth-
eridge, can also command as large a number of
votes. I believe that Mr. Harris, of Maryland,
could also command a .sufficient number. If you
want to organize the House—I put the question
again to you—what objection have you to Mr.
Gilmer, of North Carolina ? I will tell you what
I desire; I want to organize the House, and I
wish to put men forward who can command son*
northern votes. I do not know as to Mr. Smith.
I do not know as to some other gentlemen in our
ranks, whether they could get that northern vote
or not. But that is not the point. Are not they
all southern men, imbued with southern feelings?
I ask, cannot they come up and vote one of these
men and put him in the Speaker's chair? What
is their objection > What reason have they as-
signed for not casting their vote for Mr. Gilmer ?
I desire to know what is the cause. I am here,
Mr. Clerk, to act honestly and for the best inter-
ests of my country, and if there is anything that is
hidden, and that 1 have not yet heard, in reference
to Mr. Gilmer, that disqualifies or renders him
incompetent or unfit in any way whatever to pre-
side over the deliberations of this body, I wish to
know it.
Mr. RUST. Will the gentleman allow me to
tell him, and to tell this House, why I will not
vote for Mr. Gilmer?
Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUST. When thirteen gentlemen, who
for four weeks have voted for Mr. Sherman—
the Republican nominee for Speaker—to take that
Speaker's chair, find anything in the character,
antecedents, or the political status of a southern
man upon this floor to commend him to their
favor, that, sir, is a sufficient reason for me why
I shall not vote for him. I will never vote for
such a man; no political necessity, no personal
consideration, will make me do it. You may break
every bone in my body upon the rack, andl will
not do it; and that, Mr. Clerk, I believe to be the
sentiment entertained by a large number of gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House. Ajid let me
go a little further. I believe that, but for that
conviction prevailing on the other side of the
House, the thirteen men I have referred to would
never have voted for Mr. Gilmer; that but for
that conviction, that this side would never come
to his support, not one member, of that side would
have voted for him; and I do verily believe that,
if a sufficient number of Democrats had gone over
to him to secure his election, those very men
would have changed their votes from Mr. Gilmer
back to Mr. Sherman. I do not state that as a
fact, but as my opinion.
Now I will ask the gentleman a question, which
he has heretofore declined to hear. Does he say
that he will dissolve this Union for no cause
whatever?
Mr. STOKES. I wish to be distinctly under-
stood. I did say, in reference to a dissolution of
the Union, that I would oppose it under all cir-
cumstances. By that I mean, of course, under any
of the circumstances which I can now anticipate.
Mr. RUST. I want to get the gentleman s
words which have been written down.
Mr. STOKES. There is a good deal I have
said which I do not know how it is written down.
