1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
part of some, that by taking a central route it
would not accommodate the country North and
South, it is proposed that the line shall hare two
short branches: one from a slave State, and the
other from a free State—one from a northern
State, and the other from a southern State—Iowa
and Missouri; and that these converging lines
shall come together within two hundred miles of
the Missouri ri ver, and then proceed by one com-
mon trunk to California.
Now, before I undertake to exhibit the fairness
of this proposition, I wish to say, in connection
with these remarks, something in regard to the
country through which the different proposed
routes pass. It is not understood by everybody
in this country that there is a great difference in
the topographical and geographical geological
character of the two great divisions separated by
the one hundredth meridian of longitude. You
are all familiar with the eastern portion of the
United States, but you are not all familiar with
the geography of the West. We of the West
know your geography and your peculiarities a
great deal better than you know ours; and there-
fore you will not consider me impertinent when*
I undertake to say something of the character and
feography of the country west of the one hun-
redth degree of longitude.
[Mr. Curtis here proceeded to point out, from
a large map suspended before the House, the char-
acteristics of the country through which the vari-
ous proposed routes pass.]
From the southern extremity to the northern
extremity of the Republic, there is at that degree
of longitude a marked and distinctive difference
in the character of country. East of the line, the
land is arable. East of the line, water and timber
are generally abundant. The country east of the
line is destined to be filled with a dense population
engaged in agricultural and all other pursuits.
West of that line, there is in those respects a strik-
ing contrast. Prom two to four hundred miles,
you have a country sandy and sometimes called
a desert; but it hardly deserves that name, for it
is generally thinly covered with grass that affords
considerable pasture for buffalo, elk, and antelope,
that range over this vast undulating plain; but
the whole of the country west of the line is ex-
tremely and. There is Comparatively very little
rain throughout the whole region. It is so in re-
gard to the plains which exist, until you come to
the Rocky Mountains; and extraordinary aridity
is the peculiar character of the country through-
out the mountains and valleys beyond. West of
the one hundredth degree of longitude, lands are
generally poor in soil, and not cultivable. The
valleys that are good plow lands have to be irri-
gated. The mountains are grazing lands, or ut-
terly barren. Passing west from the one hundredth
degree of longitude, as shown on this map, you
pass the Sandy Plain, the Black Hill, the Rocky
Mountain ranges, theColoradovalley,theWash-
ita range, and the Salt Lake valley.
Here, again, you have a vast broken plain, and
a very dry country. It is good for grazing, and
cultivated.in the valleys by irrigation, but not at
all similar or comparable to the eastern part of the
United States, in regard to its agricultural prop-
erties for supporting a dense population. When
you come to the Nevada mountains, you are still
m a country the eastern slopes of which are dry,
nnd which you cannot cultivate without irriga-
tion; a larger portion of it, indeed, cannot be cul-
tivated at all. On the western slope of the Ne-
vada mountains, as shown on the map, the coun-
try has neared the Pacific ocean, and has more of
the appearance of the eastern portion of the Uni-
ted States. Even there you have a large portion
of the country that is never going to be densely
populated. The western half, therefore, of the
continent will always be a country that will be
occupied by a sparse population, except at points
where minerals abound, and in various valleys
where irrigation can be effected. As a general
thing, the country cannot be cultivated by the
plow, although it is a country which, in its broad
leagues, now affords a large amount of grass; and
vast herds of buffalo roam over the eastern por-
tion of it. This portion east of the Rocky Mount-
ains is so sandy that, if plowed, it would com-
pletely destroy the scanty vegetation that is there
now; so in the mountains there is always pasture
for stock. The little narrow valleys are suscep-
tible of being plowed and irrigated, and agricul-
ture will prosper in the valleys of the plains and
mountains.
' Such valleys as the Rio Grande, Red river,
Arkansas, and Platte, are peculiarly fertile in
some portions of them. Such is the general
character of the country through which we have
got to build our road, whether it go from south,
center, or north.
Let me bring the minds of members back to
the importance of a Pacific railroad through this
vast territory, and the difficulties and facilities
that exist in the way of its construction. On all
the great proposed lines you will have to pass
through this same general character of country;
and there is no use for any man who favors any
particular route, to state that his route is particu-
larly adapted to all the advantages of agriculture
and settlement; because onall the routes,from the
frozen regionsof the North to the southern rim of
the continent, similar difficulties, similar features
of country, predominate west of the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude. Your- committee,
in considering what route or routes should be
adopted, have had reference to the surveys which
have been made by officers detailed by the United
States Government to make them. This is the
best evidence. There is no use for us to bring up
the opinions of trappers and miners and voyageurs,
and those who have traveled carelessly through
the country; because no man can judge of the
heights and elevations and distances with such
accuracy as well as those who go through the
country with the instruments necessary to make
proper observations. The report of the commit-
tee—all the presentation the majority makes, (I
have only read with care the report of'the minor-
ity of the committee)—is predicated upon the
opinions of officers of the United States who have
been employed in these surveys. The map, which
is exhibited for the examination of the House, has
been drawn under the supervision of the same
officers who supervised these large reports. It is,
therefore, an epitome of the eleven or twelve large
volumes of Pacific Railroad Reports which, I may
presume, no man in this House has taken the
trouble to read through. Captain Humphreys
and Lieutenant Warren, of the United States
Army, had the particular supervision of this map,
and carefully directed the lines and figures upon
it. It is, therefore, good authority to determine
where a road should be made; as it will, at a
glance, show the location of the routes found
practicable.
If you observe this map, you will perceive that
these general lines are intended to represent all
the routes which have been found to be practica-
ble in the United States, as stated in the marginal
notes. • It will be seen that there are a great many
routes upon which a railroad maybe constructed.
But where shall it bo constructed? I have stated
that the committee prefer a central route. Here,
in the different routes proposed, one has been
proposed by the gentleman from Texas for a
southern route, commonly called the Texas route.
That route is represented upon this map by a
green line. It runs most of the way tangent
to the southern extremity of the continent—in-
deed, during the major part of it, the line of road
and line of our territory seem to almost coincide.
It strikes the line at El Paso; and from that to
San Francisco, it is tangent to the extremity of
this Republic. Does it not seem preposterous
to advocate that as the only line for a Pacific
railroad, a national highway for use in times of
peace and war? Yet, sir, when a few years ago
1 came to Congress and proposed a bill for a Pa-
cific railroad on the central route, some of the
newspapers in my district sneered at the idea of
a Pacific railroad on any other than this southern
route.
There isanother route, (the route over the thirty-
fifth parallel,) which has been so long and so ably
and earnestly advocated.for ten years by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] It will be
perceived that this route also runs very near to
the southern extremity of the Republic. It is
not a central route, as it is within four degrees of
the south, fourteen degrees from the north line of
thisTerritory;itis, therefore, not convenientto all
parts of the Republic. Thenextline,aboutthelat-
ltude of forty-one, is the commonly traveledroutc,
the route that the people have taken since 1849to
go to California. Thatis the route by Utah. That
route theMormons have also taken,andone would
suppose they knew enough to select the best route.
It is the route that nine tenths of the population
have passed over who have gone overland to Cali-
fornia. This is the general route adopted by the
committee, leaving some margin in the bill for im-
provements. The other route urged is the north-
ern route, which runs through the northern part
of the United States. It has been ably advocated
by the Delegate from Washington and the mem-
ber from Oregon. It has been urged as the best
route, because, as is alleged, it is the shortest
route; and so it is, if you start several hundred
miles beyond the railroad system and terminate
several hundred miles away from the center of the
Pacific population.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish the House to under-
stand that this question as to the shortest line is a
geometrical problem, which any man can determ-
ine, if he desires, by looking carefully at this
map. Which is the shortest route presented by
the map and by the surveys ? Every one who
advocates a particular route claims that he has
the shortest route. Every man who will come
before this House will tell you that the route he
advocates is the shortest. I have procured this
map for the very purpose of showing to gentle-
men who understand the plainest diagram in ge-
ometry, that the central route is decidedly the
shortest. It is two hundred and eighty miles
shorter than any other route. •
Now, when I speak of the shortest route of a
Pacific railroad, I speak of a road which will con-
nect our railroad system with the center of popu-
lation in California, or with the navigable waters
of the Sacramento river, which leads, by sate in-
ternal navigation, directly to San Francisco. It is
of no use to speak of a railroad that will connect
with Santiago, because the people of the Pacific
are not there, any more than they are at Panama.
It is no use to go to Puget Sound, and call that a
Pacific railroad, because the people of the Pacific
coast are not there. But here, in the vicinity of
San Francisco, is the central population of Cal-
ifornia, and of the Pacific coast. No man will
controvert it. Now, if you wish to make a Pa-
cific railroad, you certainly desire to go to the
center of population. That is the only reasonable
thing you can do, when you make a Pacific rail-
road worth calling a national work. It would be
better, of course, to go to all parts of the country
if it were practicable, and especially to that of
my friend from Oregon. But that cannot be done
at once, and therefore the terminus of that end
must be at or near San Francisco. When you
speak of a Pacific railroad, you speak of it in ref-
erence to the vicinity of San Francisco. And
when you speak of a starting point upon this
side, where do you speak of starting from ? Do
you mean to start from a point in the interior of
Texas, where nobody lives, and where no railroad
is within five hundred miles, and where there is
no navigable river? Why, certainly you will say
immediately, that would not be presenting the
subject in a fair way. But if you wish to make
the southern line the shortest, as many have
stated, you must go far beyond our connected
railroad system to find a starting point. And that
is the way the Texas railroad has been presented
to Congress from year to year, as the shortest
line. It is only done by going beyond your rail-
road system, and beyond the navigable waters
and streams, and startingfrom that point to meas-
ure and compare. In that way only can you get
a road there, which you can declare to be the
shortest.
Another demonstration of the same sort may
be made by reference to the northern lme. If you
say it is exactly eighteen hundred miles from St.
Paul to Puget Sound, or to Seattle, you do not
thereby solve the question, because you have got
to go to San Francisco, for there is the center of
the population. The population of Washington
Territory, as I have seen by recent returns, is
only fifty-eight hundred. Now it is not reason-
able to make a railroad terminating at Puget Sound,
and call it a Pacific railroad, connecting the At-
lantic with the Pacific coast, because neither end
of the line has a fair terminus or connection. To
made it such, you have got to add five or six
hundred miles more. The only fair way to con-
sider a Pacific railroad, is to start from the rail-
road system, as now finished and extended west-
ward, and to terminate either at San Francisco or
upon an interior river which connects with San .
