TBI'.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
Pitch. Fit&patriclc, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Tverson,
X,ai\e}iLathain, I^Ialiory, Nicholson, Pearce. Powell, Pugh,
Bice, Sebastian, Sumner, Wigfall, Wilson, and Y is lee—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
DooUttie, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Green, Hale, Hamlin,
Harlan. Johnson of Tennessee, King, Polk, Simmons, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—20.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. What is the question now be-
fore the Senate ?
Mr. DAVIS. I move to consider the resolution
rescinding the order for a recess.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I suggest that it is too
late, for the hour has arrived.
Mr. GREEN. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mp-. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. Since the order is called up, it
does not require unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. The time for a recess has
come.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 thought there was a trick in
calling for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made the call on pur-
pose.
Mr. GREEN. Let us have unanimous con-
sent.
The PRE,SIDING OFFICER. The hour of
four o'clock having fully arrived.it is the duty of
the Chair to announce that the Senate will take a
recess until six o'clock, p. m.
' EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock
BEADING OF HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills, received from the House of
Representatives for concurrence, were read the
first and second times by unanimous consent:
A bill (No. 559) granting a pension to Harriet
S Wyman, widow of Captain Thomas W. Wy-
man, post captain in the naval service of the Uni-
ted States;
A bill (No. 666) for the relief of William Sut-
ton;
A bill (No. 688) for the relief of Elizabeth Wal-
ton, widow of Thomas Walton;
A bill (No. 811) for the relief of A. Bledsoe,
William Bryson, William C. Scott, William
Doty, and others; and
A bill (No. 849) for the relief of J. & R. H.
Porter, J. C. Irvine & Co., and Charles Perry &
Co.
WILLIAM BURNS.
The bill (H. R. No. 451) granting an invalid
pension to William Burns, of Ohio, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WADE. I wish that that bill might be
put upon its passage. It is a case to which I be-
lieve there will be no objection. It is to give a
pension to an old man who is about dying.
Mr. MALLORY. How much does it give?
Mr. WADE. I believe it gives fifteen dollars
a month; butl am not certainas to the amount. I
wish to have it read. If it is objected to, of course
I will not insist upon it.
Mr. BRAGG. There is no quorum present,
and I object.
Mr. w ADE. If there is not a quorum it will
not do any hurt to know what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The bill will be read for informa-
tion.
The Secretary read it. It directs that William
Bums, of Richland county, State of Ohio, first
lieutenant in Captain Flannegan's company of
Pennsylvania volunteers, in the war of 3812, be
placed on the roll of invalid pensioners, at four
dollars per month, during his natural life, com-
mencing on the 1st of January, 1860.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio ask for the present consideration
of the bill ?
Mr. WADE. There is no quorum; and I can-
not ask its consideration for that reason. Let it
lie on the table.
# The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie on the table.
THE NAYY.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following' res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, find he ie*
hereby, requested to transmit to the Senate, at the com-
mencement of its next session, a statement exhibiting the
following information:
1. The number aud character of ships in commission,
with their batteries, and their stations for and during each
year from 1840 to 1860, inclusive, and the number of sea-
men and marines in service during the same period.
2. The total amount expended tor equipment and repair
for and during each of said years.
3. The actual cost per annum of maintaining in commis-
sion asteaiu frigate, a steam sloop ofthe lirstclass, asteam
sloop of the second class, and a steamer of the third class,
contrasted with the actual' cost of maintaining in commis-
sion a sailing frigate of the first class, a sloop-of-war of
the first class, a sloop-of-war of the second class, and one
of the third cla&s, for and during each year of the period in
which we have, had steam naval vessels.
4. The wear and tear and deterioration of steam vessels
as contrasted with sail ships; the duration of a well-con-
stmct«d ship of each class before requiring repairs; the
annual percentage upon first cost of each for repairs; and
the character of the deterioration and of repairs.
5. The average cost of giving steam power to the vessels
of said classes, including all machinery.
6. The increased number and duties of the persons, other
than seamen and marines, required by steam over sailing
vessels of the classes befoie mentioned, with their salaries.
7. The cost of each of the steam screw-ships of the Navy,
With tonnage and battery, including caliber and weight of
broad&ide, and where built.
H. The increased cost of clothing and provisions and me-
chanical labor of I860,as compared'with 1840.
9. The cost of dismantling and placing inordinary the
five screw-frigates and five screw-sloops, which have sev-
erally last returned from a regular cruise of two years or
more, including every expense of stripping and storing,
&c., and the total expense of preparing the same vessels for
sea, exclusive of repairs to hull.
10. The number of establishments, and their location,
private and public, at which machinery for said vessels
may be constructed, and the least time required for the con-
struction of each class of works.
11. The total cost of the machinery of a steam frigate
constructed by contract at a private establishment, and the
total cost of machinery of a ship of the same class con-
structed at the Washington navy-yard, and the duration of
each before requiring repairs.
1Q. Whether, in his opinion, the interests of the Govern-
ment would not be subset ved by reducing the number of
navy-yards ; and if so, which could be most advantageously
dispensed with.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That O. B. Baker have leave to withdraw his
petition ami papers.
HOUR 01? MEETING.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet at
nine o'clock on Monday next.
CALIFORNIA MAIL SERVICE.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Buchanan,
his Secretary:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Gf.nti.emen: I feel it my duty to communicate
to you that it has. been found impracticable to
conclude a contract for the transportation of the
mails between our Atlantic and Pacificports on the
terms authorized by the fourth section of an act en-
titled "An aet, making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1861," approved June 15, I860.
The Postmaster General has offered the Califor-
nia mails to the several companies and ship-owners
engaged in the .trade with the Pacific, via the isth-
mus; hut they have all declined carrying them for
the postages. They demand a higher rate of com-
pensation ; and unless power is given to the Post-
master General to accede to this demand, I am well
satisfied that these mails, with the exception of
the letters, cannot be forwarded. It should not
be forgotten that, in consequence of the diversion
of a large pait of the letter mail to the overland
route, the postages derived from the California
service has been greatly reduced, and afford a
wholly inadequate remuneration for the ocean
transportation. The weight of these mails, averag-
ing from twelve to fifteen tons, semi-monthly,
renders it, in view of the climate and character of
the road, manifestly impossible to forward them
overland, without involving an expenditure which
no wise administration of the Government would
impose upon the Treasury. I therefore earnestly
recommend that the act referred to be so modified
as to empower the Postmaster General to provide
for carrying the California mails at a rate of com-
pensation which may be deemed reasonable and
just. JAMES BUCHANAN.
June 23, 1860.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the message be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up" a bill that I
think no one will object to. It has been suggested
to me, by the Interior Department, that they
wouldjte glad to have it passed. It is House bill
No. 665, to amend an act approved February 5,
1859, entitled" An act for keeping and distributing
public documents, and for other purposes."
Mr. PEARCE. ThatbillhaspassedtheHouse
of Representatives, and come to the Senate, and
has been referred to a committee, before whom it
is now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, of
course, cannot entertain the motion when the bill
is before the committee.
Mr. LANE. I did not know that it was before
a committee.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PUGH. There are several House bills
that have been sent to us to-day. I ask that they
be taken up; and that those to which there is no
objection may be put on their passage, and dis-
posed of. It will save us a good deal of trouble.
Mr. WADE. I hope the bill for the relief of
William Burns will be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
take up the House bills received to-day, with a
view to action upon them. Is the motion objected
to ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no objection to the
motion of the Senator from Ohio; but I was just
about to move to take up a House bill on the
Calendar.
Mr. PUGH. I have a number of such; but
this is the best way to dispose of these bills, and
then we can take up the others on the Calendar.
Mr. SEBASTIAN". The Senator misunder-
stands me. The bill to which I refer is a bill on
the Calendar which has already passed the House.
It will create no discussion whatever. It comes
within the spirit of the motion which he proposes
to make. I ask his consent to allow me to take
it up first.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to it, except
that I should like to have these bills considered.
Mr. WADE. I think I have the floor.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg the Senator's par-
don; I believe I have the floor.
Mr. PUGH. He can take up his afterwards.
I yield to the Senator from Arkansas.
INDIAN AGENCIES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 557) to establish two Indian agencies
in Nebraska Territory, and one in the Territory
of New Mexico.
Mi. PUGH. I do not object to have that taken
up, provided I can have the others considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain the motion by unanimous consent. Un-
less objected t,o, it will be considered the sense of
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H.*R. No. 557) to
establish two Indian agencies in Nebraska Ter-
ritory, and one in the Territory of New Mexico.
It directs that there be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, three additional agents
for the Indian service, at an annual salary of
§1,500 each; one for the Indians in the Territory
of New Mexico, one for the " Ponca" tribe, and
one for the " Pawnees," in the Territory of Ne-
braska.
Mr. KING. Is there any report from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, or any reason why it is
necessary to increase these officers ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will state to the Senator
from New York that there is no written report
by the committee, but wc investigated the sub-
ject very fully, and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs came before us and explained to us the
positive necessity for the creation of these officers
m each case, and the committee were unanimously
of opinion that it was right. The subject was
considered before a very full committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM A. LINN.
Mr. PUGH. I must now insist on my motion
to take up the House bills which we have received
to-day.
