THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
; ??*:
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON,T)7~c7
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1860.
New Series No. 24.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to answer
your question. [Cries of " Go on, Stokes!"]
Mr. STOKES. I do not wish to yield any
more to any gentleman, for I intend to conclude
my remarks very shortly, and then these gentle-
men can occupy the floor as long as they please.
Mr. Clerk, I have come to the very point at
which I was aiming. I wanted to know the reason
why these gentlemen who profess to be so very
anxious to organize the House could not go over
and vote for Mr. Gilmer. Do they believe that
Mr. Gilmer is not a patriot > Do they believe that
he is uotallnion man, a friend of the Constitution,
and in favor of the execution of the laws? No,
sir, they do not doubt him upon those questions.
What do they say in response to my questions?
Several of them have risen here and stated that
they could not vote for him because several north-
ern gentlemen have voted for him. But gentlemen
go still further—and it only tends to show their
extreme position—that if Mr. Bocock, a gentle-
man whom I regard and esteem, the nominee of
their own caucus, should receive Republican votes,
they would withdraw their votes from him.
Mr. COBB. I say that I would not. That is
the way I meet the question.
Mr. ENGLISH. I would not withdraw my
vote from Mr. Bocock, or any other good Dem-
ocrat, because enough Republicans came operand
voted for him to elect him; because that would be
placing it in the power of a handful of Repub-
licans to defeat any Democrat, and I am not to be
caught in that kind of trap. I would not with-
draw my vote in such a case as the gentleman
from Tennessee supposes.
Mr. STOKES. Why, sir, there is a perfect stir
in the camp. I have been watching this thing for
the last three or four weeks, and I wanted to place
the matter fairly before the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. STOKES. No, sir; the gentleman will
excuse me. I prefer to go on. I want to make
my own propositions.
Mr. WRIGHT nought the floor.
Mr. STOKES. 1 have yielded to my colleague,
and lie has answered my question. I cannot
yield further.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wanted to ask a question.
Mr. STOKES. Very well, sir; propound your
question.
Mr. WRIGHT. I suppose my colleague would
not place me in a false position ?
Mr. STOKES. Certainly not.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have voted for one of my
colleagues from Tennessee wiio does not belong
to the Democratic party. I refer to Mr. Maynard.
But, sir, Mr. Mayvard could not get the votes
of his own party. I believe he did not receive
even the votes of all his colleagues, and could not;
for one of his colleagues has, if I am not mistaken,
declared that he Would not vote for any man who
supported the Lecompton bill.
Mr. STOKES. I yielded to my colleague to
propound a question.
Mr. WRIGHT. My question simply is: why
Mr. Gilmer could get fourteen Republican votes,
while Mr. Maynard of Tennessee and Mr. Botf.-
ler of Virginia could not get a single vote?
Mr. STOKES. I will answer my colleague,
that none of the gentlemen belonging to the party
with which I act in this House indorse the doc-
trines of the Republican party, as I conceive. But
Mr. Gilmer is an anti-Lccompton man, and voted
against the Lecompton constitution. Mr. Gilmer
is respected personally as a gentleman, and es-
teemed as such by those fourteen gcntk-mui who
voted for him, and they, believing that he would
preside over our deliberations fairly and impar-
tially, voted for him, * 9
Mr. BONHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee if that is the only reason why they
voted for Mr. Gilmer5
Mr. STOKES. If there is any other reason
excepting that he is an anti-Lecompton man, and
is qualified and competent to preside over the de-
liberations of this body, I do not know it.
24
Mr. BONHAM. Ltt me ask the gentleman
whether Mr. Gilmer is not a tariff man, and
whether these fourteen gentlemen are not tariff
men ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I will say to
the gentleman from South Carolinathat that would
be a very good reason if there was no other.
Mr. STOKES. I will answer the question of
the gentleman. Mr. Gilmer is a Whig; Mr. Gil-
mer is an American. He stands here to-day as a
Whi« and as an Ameiican. The gentleman knows
very well the position of the Wings upon the
tariff. They are in favor, as I understand Mr.
Gilmer to be, of a tariff for revenue: and they are
in favor, and 1 understand him to be in favor, of
a tariff for protection sufficient to protect our own
home industry against foreign labor. [Applause
in the galleries.]
Mr. WINSLOW. Now let me ask a question.
Mr. STOKES. No, sir; I should have been
done long aao if it had not been for these inter-
ruptions. This, then,Mr. Clerk, is the condition
of things, and I ask how are wc going to harmon-
ize ? How else are we going to make an election
for Speaker? The Democrats will not vote for
Mr. Gilmer, when we can get northern votes
enough to elect him. If Mr. Bocock were to re-
ceive our twenty-three votes and the twelve or
fifteen votes necessary to elect him were to come
from the Republican side, they would withdraw
their votes for that reason and still there would
be no election.
That is the condition of things, and I want the
country to understand it. I want to make the
point right here. I want iho country to know
where the responsibility rests, for I have placed
it where it properly belongs. They will not vote ;
for one of our own men who can bring with him •
sufficient northern strength to elect him with their •
assistance; they will not elect one of their own
number if they should be voted for by a Repub-
lican. I believe that if one hundred members were
to walk over from the Republican side of the
House to-day and vote for Mr. Bocock, he would
not be politically affected by it." If he were elected
under such circumstances, I have no doubt he
would take the chair, and on that account dis-
charge his duty none the less faithfully and im-
partially than if elected by Democratic votes. 1
ask, Mr. Clerk, whether there is a probability,
whether there is a possibility, of organizing the ;
House, until you come at least with your whole !
party and unite upon Mr. Bocock or some other
man your entire party strength?
Mr. Clerk, 1 am one of those who arc for har-
monizing. I am for compromising. I, for one,
am willing to make any reasonable concession,
when gentlemen on the other side of the House
can show me how by my vote I can elect. I took
my positions in my canvass in Tennessee openly
and decidedly. I came here by a majority of about
four or five hundred votes. I had to overcome a
previous majority of over one thousand two hun-
dred m my district. My district gave the Dem-
ocratic candidate for Governor on the day of my
election a majority of about eight hundred. I went
before my people and told them that I fully and
freely indorsed the principles of the old Whig
party—that I had not surrendered one of them;
and that I fully and freely indorsed the principles
of the American party. The people voted for me
and elected me, and I intend to carry out their
wishes—to act honestly and faithfully for the secu-
rity' and safety of all the interests of my country.
I design casting my vote for all measures, accord-
ing to my bctot judgment, that tend to promote
the great interests of the whole country, without
reference to their origin.
During my calivass I was asked the question
whether I would vote for a Democrat or for a Re-
publican for Speaker of this House. My reply
was, that I would vote for an Opposition candi-
date, but that whenever the contingency arose,
and T was forced to cast my vote between a sound,
conservative, national Democrat and a Republi-
can, that I uould vote for such a Democrat, I
have no concealments, and I wish to say that the
doctrines of Judge Douglas are obnoxious to the
South, and particularly to my people. My com-
petitor announced that if Judge Douglas were'
nominated by the Charleston convention that lie
would riot support him. My constituents arc-
not in his favor. So, then, sir, I could not, were
I to consult my constituents, cast my vote any
more for a Douglas Democrat than I could cadt it
for a Republican. That is the sentiment of my
district. Nominate your man. If my vote will
elcct Mr. Bocock; if it would elect one of my
colleagues; if my vote would elect any sound,
conservative, Union-loving Democrat,I would at
once give it to make him Speaker.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose the vote comes up be-
tween a Douglas Democrat and a Republican,
what will the gentleman do«in that evejit?
Mr. STOKIlS. I would, in that event, vote for
one of my own party: for I could no more vote
for one than I could for the other without misrep-
resenting my constituents.
Mr. LOGAN. How do you expect us, then,
to vote for Mr. Gilmer,- if you say that you can
never vote for one of us?
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Gilmer is anti-Lecomp-
ton, like Judge Douglas,andprobably the Doug-
las Democrats could vote for him upon that
ground. An anti-Lecompton Democrat ccrtainly
could vote for an anti-Lecompton Whig.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to say that the Doug-
las Democrats, with whom I act, did not vote for
Mr. Gilmer because the Republicans were voting
■\vilh him, and for many other good reasons.
Mr. STOKES. I suppose that you consider
that a good answer.
Mr. LOGAN. And I want to say farther, that
they had no intention of voting for him even if
the Republicans had not voted him.
And I will ask the gentleman this question:
IIow is it that you, after what you have said,
present the name of Mr. Etiieridge and .ask
Democrats of the South to vote for him, when he
took the same position in his canvass that has
been taken by Judge Douglas ?
Mr.'STOKES. I have not asked a member of
the Democratic party to vote for Mr. Gilmer or
for Mr. Ether idge; I have only inquired what was
the reason that prevented them from voting for
those gentlemen.
Mr. LOGAN. Will you vote for Mr. Ether-
idge, one of your own colleagues?
Mr. STOKES. I wilj. -
Mr. LOGAN. But you will not vote for a
Douglas Democrat, who stands upon the same
principle in reference to the slavery question that
Mr, Etiieridge docs; and you say that there is
no choice between a Republican and a Douglas
Democrat.
Mr. STOKES. I am not apprised of the fact
that my colleague, Mr. Etheridge, occupies that
position.
Mr. ADRAIN. A few years ago, when Mr.
Etiieridge was a member of this House, he made
a speech in which, I believe, he took the very
doctrine now held by Judge Douglas. I have so
understood, althougn I have not read the speech.
Mr. STOKES. 1 have read one of the speeches
of my colleague from Tennessee, but I read there
no such sentiments as are now imputed to him,
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman did not read
the right speech.
Mr. STOKES. My colleague is able and ca-
pable of taking care of himself on that point.
Mr. Clerk, to resume my remarks: the country
is in a distracted condition. Here are mail con-
tiactors who are suffering for want of the money
which the Government owes them; and a propo-
sition has been offered for the election of a Speaker
for twenty-four hours, in order that a bill might
be passed relieving those men who have per-
formed their service to the Government, and to-
ward whom the Government has not fulfilled its
contract.
There waa a contract entered into between the
Government and those gentlemen, and the mail
contractors have perfoimed their part of the con-
tract. Having earned the mail, they now com©
