1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless it is
objected to, that will be considered the sense of
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 188)
for the relief of "William A. Linn's estate, it
directs the Secretary' of the Treasury to satisfy a
judgment rendered by the circuit court in and for
the county of St. Louis, State of Missouri, at its
October term of the year 1857, in favor of Thomas
C. Reynolds, and against the late William A.
Linn, for services in defending Linn m a suit
brought against him by William H. Belcher and
Charles Belcher, on account of acts done by him
as an officer of the United States; and also to pay
to Reynolds a like additional sum in satisfaction
of his demand in another suit brought by him in
the St. Louis court of common pleas, in and for
the county of St. Louis, against Linn, and now
pending against Linn's administrator for other
like services in defending him, and which sums
are to be in full of all demands of Reynolds for
his services rendered in the suits.
Mr. PUGH. That matter has been before the
Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and
we intended to have reported a bill which was in
the hands of the gentleman now in the Chair. I
hope the bill will be put on its passage. It is a
just claim.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ORDER 0E BUSINESS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to
make one or two little reports fd* the purpose of
getting them offmy hands.
Mr. PUGH. The bills from the House are be-
ing read, and I hope the Senator will not inter-
fere. We shall get through in a moment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not see
why they should be taken up out of their order.
I want to make some reports.
Mr. PUGH. The motion was to take up House
bills on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to take
up one from the table.
Mr. WADE. I hope these bills will be con-
sidered.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand this
game; and I am opposed to taking up House bills
that come here to-day, leaving all the bills that
have been here for two months unconsidered.
There are forty-six bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives already upon your Calendar, and I
do not think it altogether fair to take up bills
which came from the House to-day, and give all
the otheis the go-by. I asked the Senate yester-
day morning to take the House bills.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will move to take
up the House bills, I will withdraw my sugges-
tion at once.
Mr. IVERSON. If it is in order, I move to
take up the Calendar of House bills, and to pro-
ceed regularly with them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained by unanimous consent only,
there being business before the Senate at the time
of the recess.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to postpone all prior
orders with a view to take up bills from the House
of Representatives on the Private Calendar.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall not call for a division;
but I shall object to going on with any more
House bills. I think we should put all on the
same footing.
CALVIN HEED.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a little bill re-
ported from the Committee on Claims unani-
mously, which the Senator from Georgia will
recollect,involving a sum of $700, which 1 regard
as a very hard case, and 1 would be obliged to
the Senate if they would pass it. It is Senate bill
No. 432, for the relief of Chandler S. Emoiy, sole
surviving administrator of Calvin Reed, of Duval
county, Florida. I ask unanimous consent to
take it up and pass it now.
Mr. WADE. I object.
BUSINESS OP THE SENATE.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the consent of the Senate
to introduce a lesolution having reference to the
unfinished business before the Senate. Nobody
will object to it; and I ask to have it now acted
upon. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That nil subjects before the Senate at the clo^c
of the present cession, including tho^o before committees,
shall be continued to the next session ; and shall then be
proceeded with in the same manner as if no adjournment
of thti Senate had taken place ; and the papers which have
been referred to tile committees, and may be in their pos-
session at the close of the session, shall be returned, in-
fotmally, tp the Seeietary, and by him restoied to the com-
mittee1?, when appointed, at the next session.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL I ask if we have not a
joint rule to the same effect already ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; this is the usual resolu-
tion at the close of a session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand there is a
rule to the same effect; and if so, Itsee no object
in passing this resolution.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; there is not.
Mr. KING. I ask that the lule on the subject
be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule in
regard to joint business will be read. There is no
rule in regard to the business of the Senate.
The Secretary read it; as follows:
" 21. Aftei six days fiom the commencement of a second
or subsequent session of Congress, ail lulls, resolutions or
reports, which originated m either House, and at the close
of the next pieceding session remained undetermined in
either House, shall be resumed and acted on in the same
manner as if an adjournment had not taken place."
Mr. GWIN. This resolution is m regard to
the papers that have been referred to committees,
and are now before them, and which will come
before them for consideration at the next session
That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I have no objecti^
to it.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate now To con-
sider a resolution submitted by me some days
since m regard to the clerk of the Committee on
Military Affairs. It will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained only bv unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the motion?
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. To take up the
resolution in regard to a clerk to the Committee
on Military Aflairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what the resolution is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, Tin* the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia have a clerk with the same annual compensation
as the cleik of the Committee on Finance, Claims, or
Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to take up this reso-
lution for consideration. The motion can be en-
tertained by unanimous consent only. The Chair
hears no objection. The question is on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I ask to have the resolution
read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BROWN. I move to insert, after the woid
"Militia," the woids "and all other standing
committees." I know of no reason for raising
the compensation of this clerk in particular.
Mr. FITCH. I was about to offer a similar
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I will yield to hear the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. FITCH. I move to strike out all after the
word "resolved," and insert m iieu thereof:
That all the eh-rks ot the - tanding committees of the Sen-
ate, who sue not now p.*t mant-nt clerk*, bo, and they are
htiehy, constituted peimanent cleiks. at an annual salary
oi .'g; 1,600 per annum, commencing on me 1st of July, 1860.
I shall not advocate either the original resolu-
tion or the amendment. If the original resolution
isto be adopted, however, I think this amendment
had better be substituted. The House, I under-
stand, have adopted a similar resolution. The
amendment could well come fiom myself, being
chairman of a committee that has a permanent
clerk; and therefore I cannot be accused of any
inteiested motives in offering it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At every session of Con-
gress since I have been here, just at the close, or,
at any rate, for the first Congress, an effort was
made to raise the pay of committee clerks, and to
pay them during the recess. It finally resolved
itself into this: there was so much trouble in re-
gard to the clerks of committees, and the abuse
was so great, it being stated here, I remember, in
the Senate, on one occasion, that one of the com-
mittees had a clerk that never had a single meeting
during the whole session, that this whole subject
was referred to a committee, of which, I think** the
Senator from Louisiana not now present [Mr,
Benjamin] was chairman. They revised the
whole subject, and fixed the compensation of th£
different clerks which it was agreed we should
have. They gave clerks to some committees, but
not to all, naming the committees; and if you will
look at the rules you will find that they specify
the committees that are to have clerks; and one,
two, or three clerks were made permanent. I
think the clerk of the Committee on Finance is a
permanent clerk, and perhaps the cleric of the
Committee on Claims. There are two or three
of them. To other committees no clerks were
given; and to some committees clerks were given
during the session. Now, sir, if you open this
matter, we shall have the old trouble over again.
I think we had best reject all these propositions,
and let this matter stand as it does. I myself am
very much opposed to these personal applications
brought in here by the subordinate officers, just
as we are adjourning, for extra compensation! It
is unpleasant to oppose them. Members dislike
to do so. The clerks have been accommodating,
artd the intercourse with them has been agreeable,
,rind you dislike to object to these applications;
but 1 prefer they should be upon some permanent
basis, and there they should rest. We did that
some three or four years ago; and I move to lay
this whole subject on the table.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to lay the resolution and amendment on the table,
which is not debatable.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I hope the Senator will
indulge ine in one lemark on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion if gentlemen desire it, My object was to get
rid of it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is a very natural
feeling, and I sympathize with the Senator from
Illinois. I am opposed to appointing clerks to
aJl these committees. I voted against it when the
question was up, as alluded to by the Senator
from Illinois, on the report of the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.] I have been on a
committee where there was a permanent clerk—
the one over which my friend from Indiana pre-
sides. Although there is a necessity for the clerk
upon that committee, lam on the Military Com-
mittee, and 1 assuie the Senate there is a neces-
sity for that clerk there. No man in this Senate
is more opposed to foisting upon the Treasury
the swarm of clerks contemplated in the amend-
ment to this resolution than myself; but, sir, if
you look at the business emanating from that
committee, and if Senators were conversant with
what is transacted in that committee, I am per-
suaded there is scarcely a Senator on this noor
but would give to that committee a clerk. It.
is essential for the public interest. We have
now a most competent clerk at a salary wholly
inadequate to retain the services of that man, and
I do hope the Senator from Indiana will withdraw
his amendment, and let us have a permanent clerk
to that committee. There is a reason, and there
is a necessity for it. I am persuaded there is not
a Senator litre, if he were as conversant with the
fai-ts us 1 am myself, who would hesitate to ac-
cord to that committee a permanent cierk, and
especially the eminent clerk we now have.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I submitted
i this resolution because I believed its adoption by
! the Senate would do an act of simple justice. The
| cierk of the Committee on Military Affairs is a
j gentleman of large intelligence, and, I believe, of
| the most inflexible integrity. I believe his intcl-
! ligence and his integrity save this Government
many thousands of dollars. I ha\e no doubt of
it. He is always here, from the opening of the
i session to its close: and always ready to e.ommu-
S nicate 10 us any information lie may possess. I
think him an invaluable officer. He is laboring
here for, I believe, the small pittance of $800 a
year. He has been her§ eight or4eil years; and
