2334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
of arguments against the bill as decided on by
the committee; but no proposition has been sub-
mitted as an amendment to this bill coming; from
the minority of the committee. The amendments
proposed by the gentleman from Texas and my-
self are therefore in order, and are, at this time,
the only amendments pending to the bill.
Mr. REAGAN. ' On the question of order, I
desire to say that there has been an amendment
offered to the original bill as a substitute; and then
there is an amendment offered to the first section.
I have no disposition to press upon the House
my amendment at this time, if the bill is to go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order raised by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Dayis,] for this reason:
a substitute was proposed by the gentleman from
Texas, which was received as an amendment. The
gentleman from Missouri also offered an amend-
ment, which was received; and the Chair under-
stands these two to be the only amendments pend-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to say, in
this connection, that several gentlemen around me
have amendments which they desire to ofler. I
desire to offer an amendment myself; and hence
it is for the purpose of having the bill fairly and
fully considered I make the motion that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and continued as a special
order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, Chief Clerk, in reference to the cor-
rection of a clerical error.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, we will dispose of the message of the Sen-
ate at this time. The committee of conference
on the part of the House rccommcnded that the
request of the Senate be acceded to.
There was 110 objection.
The Clerk read the message, as follows:
In the Senate of the United States,
Mai/ 34, 1860.
Mr. Pearce, from the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses 011 the bill (H. It. No.
4) making appropriations for tile eousular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government, for the year ending June 30,
186], submitted a special report, that'a clerical omission
had been discovered m the eleventh amendment of the Sen-
ate to the said bill, namely, of the vvoids " Commissioner
to China and the" before word " consuls,'' and recom-
mended that, with the consent of tin: [louse of Represent-
atives, the Seriate direct tile insertion of the said words in
the eleventh amendment, as stated ; whereupon the Sen-
ate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to consider the said
repoit and recommendation, and unanimously agreed
thereto.
Attest: ASBUKY DICKINS, Secretary.
G. W. Hickey, Chief Clerk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the request of
the Senate be acceded to.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC KAILROAD BILL AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
statu of the Union, and that it be made the special
order for next Tuesday; and on those two motions
I call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
to couple the motion to commit with a motion to
make the bill a special order.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe that if we go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on this bill, it will sink it for this session, if not
for this Congress. Wc will lose sight of it. We
will, I think, never be able again to get sight of it.
I do not believe that the honorable gentleman from
Indiana wants to defeat the bill by making the mo-
tion to commit; but I am, nevertheless, satisfied
that the result of that motion will be to defeat the
bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Docs the gen-
tleman from Indiana insist on his call for the pre-
vious question on the motion to commit?
Mr. DA VIS, of Indiana. I do.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I hope that
the motion to send this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union will prevail.
X want to have an opportunity to submit a sub-
stitute for the whole bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. I hope that the
friends of the bill will not let it be referred to
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union. If it be so referred, it will not be reached,
as we all know, during this session. It will go
down low upon the Calendar, and to take it up,
more than one hundred bills will have severally
to be laid aside. I hope the House understands
what will be the effect of the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON. If it be made a special order
it will come up at the time fixed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is no
motion pending to make it a special order; that
motion, sir, has been ruled out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the bill is
now a special order in the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Under the new
rules it is in order to take a vote on an amend-
ment, and then to move on to the next until they
are ail actcd upon. Amendments can be made
and considered, and voted upon, as well in the
House as they can be in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. There is, then,
no reason under heaven for sending the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, unless it is the design to kill it.
Mr. STANTON. It is made the special order;
and it is as much a special ord£r if committed as
it is now. I am a friend of the bill, and I want to
see it pass; but I want all opportunity afforded
for amendments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man must know that there is as much opportu-
nity afforded for amendment in the House as thrre
would be in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. MILLSON. If the previous question be
sustained on the motion to commit, and that m*o-
tion be voted down, will not the House be then
forced to vote on the bill and pending amendments
without debate?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That will be the
effect.
Mr. PHELPS. That is my opinion, and I
hope the gentleman from Indiana will withdraw
his demand for the previous question. I have no
doubt that the call for the previous question, if
sustained, would extend to the engrossment of the
bill; and I do not believe that the gentleman from
Indiana has that object in view.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not seen the new
rules in print to read them carcfully, but my im-
pression is that one of them confines the call for
tlie previous question to the motion to commit.
Mr. PHELrS. It applies only to the motion
to postpone.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is a pro-
vision in the new rules by which the House may
have the previous question, or whatis equivalent
to it, on any amendment. Therefore,nothing is
gained, whereas much is lost, by sending this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe
Union. If we send the bill to the committee, the
effect must inevitably be to kill it.
Mr. STANTON. If the bill remains in the
House, the gentleman from Iowa has the power
to move the previous question at any moment,
and in that way he can cutoff all amendment and
all discussion. If the bill remains in the House,
we must vote for the bill that the gentleman wants,
or get none at all.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
is in the hands of a majority of the House, and
not irr those of one man. If the House does not
want to pass the bill up, when the previous ques-
tion is called, it will vote down the call for the
previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say that I have no
purpose to move the previous question until after
full arid ample opportunity for amendment and
debate.
Mr. SINGLETON. We do not want you to
have the power to call the previous question un-
til after wo have amended and discussed the bill
as far as we desire.
Mr. CURTIS. Of course I do not want the debate
to be unnecessarily prolonged. It would be un-
just to protract the consideration of the question.
'When the bill and amendments have been fairly
discussed, I shall feel bound to call for the previ-
ous question; but, sir, I want it understood that
I will not unfairly prevent amendment or legiti-
mate and just debate. It is not my purpose to cut
off either debate or amendments.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. My constituency
reside upon the western borders, and they have a
deep and abiding interest in the question of con-
structing a Pacific railroad. I, as their Repre-
sentative, desire that the bill shall be discussed,
amended, and perfected. I do not concur in any
of the propositions reported. I have a proposition
of my own, and unless I have an opportunity to
present it and have it acted upon; unless, sir, I
have an opportunity to enforce the views and in-
terests of my constituents upon this House, I can-
not vote for the measure that is now presented.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There can be
no difficulty in going on with the consideration of
this bill m the House. When there has been suf-
ficient debate on any amendment, a call for the
question may be seconded by a majority of the
House, and the House brought to a direct vote on
it. Then another amendment can "be offered, and
we may go on until we perfect the bill. The
question will always be under the control of a
majority of the House.
Mr. SINGLETON. The objection that we
have is, that the bill in the House will be under
the control of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Curtis,], who will judge when it is proper, and
when not, to call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It will still be
with the majority to determine whether the call
for the previous question shall be sustained or
not. Nothing can be done without the consent
of the majority of the House. Any number of
amendments to any section can be offered and
voted on, if the majority will consent. It is en-
tirely within the control of the majority, and not
of the special committee or of the gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. SINGLETON. The very reason why I
am opposed to the proposition is, that I want to
get clear of the power to call the previous ques-
tion upon amendments. I do not want the gag
put upon us.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot comprehend the
objection to going into committee if it is not in-
tended fo call the previous question, because you
can close debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state ofthe Union at any time by rising,
and going into the House for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have rule 50
read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" 50. The previous question shall be in this form: 1 Shall
the main question be now put-" It shall only be admitted
when demanded by a majority of the members present; and
its effects shall be to put an end to all debate, and to bring
the House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit if such
motion shall have been made; and if this motion does not
prevail, then upon amendments reported by a committee,
if any, then upon pending amendments, and then upon the
main question. But its only effect, if a motion to postpone
is pending, shall be to bring the House to a vote upon such
motion. Whenever the House shall refuse to order the
main question, the consideration ofthe subject shall be re-
sumed as though no motion for the previous question had
been made. The House may also, at any time, on mo-
tion seconded by a majority ofthe members present, close
all debate upon a pending amendment, or an amendment
thereto, and cause tho question to be put thereon; and this
shall not preclude any further amendment or debate upon
the bill. A call of the Ilouse shall not be in older after
the previous question is seconded, unless it shall appear,
upon an actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum is
present."
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. The rule which
has been read shows that it is competent for a
majority ofthe House at anytime,on motion sec-
onded by that majority, to close all debate on a
pending amendment, and have the question taken
thereon, so that wc can proceed m the House just
as well as we can in committee. In answer to
the inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio as to what
is to be gained by not going into committee, if the
friends of the bill are willing that it should be
amended, I will say, that if the bill goes into the
Committee of the Whole it is not a special order
there. It has been made a special order in the
House to-day, though I do not know whether
or not it has been made the special order from
day to day until disposed of. Gentlemen around
me say that it has not, and consequently if this
bill is referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and is postponed until
another day, it will not be a special order in com-
mittee on such day, and when you go into com-
mittee there are appropriation bills which have
precedence; but, if none of these shall be pressing,
