1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1391
Mr. HINDMAN. I would like to do it now,
for the purpose of having it printed.
No objection being made,
Mr. HINDMAN introduced a bill to author-
ize contracts and make provisions for the safe,
certain, and more speedy transportation, by rail-
roads, of mails, troops, munitions of war, and
military and naval stores, between the Atlantic
States and California, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the select committee on the Pacific railroad,
and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CLOPTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion ;
Resolved, That the resolutions upon the matter of the
public printing, heretofore referred to the Committee on
Public Expenditures, and the report of the majority of the
committee, submitted on the 2tith of March, be recommit
ted to that committee, with power to send for persons and
papers, and examine lurther witnesses.
Mr. GROW. 1 object to that. It lias been dis-
posed of once.
JAMBS W. BREEDLOVE.
Mr. TAYLOR. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to move that the
papers in the case of James W. Breedlovc be
withdrawn from the Committee pf Claims and
the Committee on Commerce, and that the same
be referred to the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
personal explanation. There was, I understand,
a resolution offered in this House yesterday, by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Blaxe,] the pur-
port of which I do not know, cxcept by reading
the Globe this morning. When the vote on it
was taken, and when my name was called, I was
absent m Baltimore with my wife, who was start-
ing for Kentucky. There were, as I understand,
though it is not reported in the Globe, some re-
flections upon me in consequence of mvabsence,
which I very much regretted; and I desire to state
now that, had I been present, 1 should have voted
against that resolution, because 1 am opposed to
it throughout—preamble and resolution.
1 desire further to state, that it is the first time
I have ever known, so far as my limited observa-
tion extends, that a gentleman's absence was
called in question. I should not have deemed it
important for me to make an explanation, except
for the fact that I saw in the Globe that my ab-
sence was alluded to by certain gentlemen present
in this House.
Mr.WASHBURN, of Maine. The presence of
a couple of gentlemen was questioned yesterday.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Ken lucky. 1 do not know
how that was. I desire to say m addition, that
in looking over tile vote I see that a great number
of members were absent. Of course, I do not
question their absence; I take it for granted they
were absent for sufficient reasons. I was not in
the city, but with my family at Baltimore
I address those who thought proper to throw
imputations upon mc in consequence of my ab-
sence; and I say, if they think proper to castim-
putationsupon me, orto make insinuations against
me, for not voting upon that proposition, that I
am not to be intimidated, not to be threatened,
and not to be whipped into the Democratic ranks,
■ if that is the object.
' Mr. H1NDMAN. I will state that I am one
of those who remarked upon the gentleman's ab-
sence from the House. The circumstances, to
my mind, did seem a little significant, especially
when taken in connection with the fact that the
gentleman had, upon a previous occasion, voted
for a Black Republican candidate for Printer of
this House. As to intimidating, threatening, or
whipping the gentleman into the Democratic
" ranks, I am the last one who would desire any
such result.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. And that
is the last place where I should desire to be. I
have no apology to make for voting for a Black
Republican for Printer. Under similar circum-
stances I would do so again.
Mr. BARR. Had we not better stop this right
here ?
Mr ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Only one
word more. Had I been here, I should have voted
against that resolution. My absence, as 1 stated
before, was in consequence of the fact that I was
called, with my family on tlie way home, to Bal-
timore to meet friends.
PUBLIC PRINTING—AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman who objected to the resolution of my col-
league, [Mr. Clopton,] that he will allow my col-
league to make the motion to recommit the report
of the Committee on Printing which was made
yesterday. He desires it upon the ground, I un-
derstand, that he has obtained information of a
witness whom the committee, or a portion of the
committee, desire to examine upon the same sub-
ject. I take it for granted that gentlemen will
hardly vote against a recommittal of a report with
a view to examination of a witness, under these
circumstances, with the same power to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. SHERMAN. The chairman of that com-
mittee is not here; nor is the gentleman who ob-
jected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the report will be
recommitted to the committee with tlie original
powers over the subject. There can be no ob-
jection.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are objections. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Me. Grow] made
one, and I make it again.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object, because others do.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is no reason why you
should object.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman objects to
the examination of witnesses under these circum-
stances, of course 1 cannot insist upon it.
Mr. GROW. It is not necessary to give any
reason moie than that the committee has reported.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask whether this matter
of the further examination into a case before the
Committee on Printing, and which has been par-
tially reported on, is not a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The subject is
not before the House. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Tlie question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended;andthe
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole 011 the slate of the Union, (Mr. Grow m
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 305, making appropriations for
the suppoi t of the Army for the year ending 30th
June, 1861.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that it be taken up
and read by sections, for amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with;
and the Cleik pioceuded to read the bill by sec-
tions, for amendment.
Mr. DELANO obtained the floor.
Mr. BOTELER addiesseil the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia ?
Mr. DELANO. I give way to the gentleman
from Virginia, because I presume lie intends to
propose a similar amendment to that I desired to
■ offer.
i Mr. BOTELER. 1 move to amend the bill by
| striking out the words " two hundred and fifty,"
j in line one hundred and forty-one, and inserting
' in lieu thereof the words " four hundred; so that
the clause will read:
For the manufacture of aims fit the national armories,
$400,000.
I have no desire ill tlie world, Mr, Chairman,
to impede the progress of this bill through the
House,by offering any unnecessary obstacle to its
passage, as reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. But I should be der-
elict in the duty I owe to my constflfeents and to
the country if I did not offer this amendment, and
urge its adoption on the House.
I have very little to say, Mr. Chairman, in sup-
port of it, except to make a simple statement of
facts which have come to my knowledge, showing'
how it happens that the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means has reported this sum of
$250,000 for the armories, instead of the usual
amount of $400,000. Being very much surprised
when I saw the report, I asked the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means how it was;
that this amount only was reported ? He referred •
me to the estimates; and, to my great surprise., I
found that the estimate for the manufacture of,
arms, which had been sent to the Committee;of
Ways and Means, was identical in amount with
the sum which he reported. I then went to the*
ordnance bureau, and had aconversation with the .
chief of ordnance upon the subject. I knew very
well that the distinguished gentleman who pre-
sides over that bureau felt deeply interested i,n the
prosperity of the national armories; and I was
naturally solicitous to ascertain why the same ap-
propriation that was made last year, and which
I knew had proved disastrous to the interests of
the armories, had been recommended this year.
He assured mc of the interest he felt in the arm-
ories; and told me that the report which he made
for the manufacture of arms at the two armories
recommended the sum of $400,000—thesum which
I propose in my amendment—butthat this amount
had been stricken out by his superior officer. Fail-
ing to have an interview with the Secretary of
War, I saw his chief clerk, and learned from him
that the War Department felt compelled to make
that reduction in consequence of the legislation of
last year on that particular item of appropriation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, being well acquainted
with the effectof last year's legislation on the arm-
ory in our district; having myself seen that the
amount granted us was utterly insufficient to carry
on the armories for the fiscal year; and having
seen that some of the best armorers—men who
had been educated there, who had been living there
for years, and whose services were indispensable
to the Government in their particular departments
—were deprived of employment, and driven from
their homes to seek a livelihood m other parts of
the country, on account of the inadequate appro-
priation, I was extremely solicitous that this year
there should be not only a restoration of the usual
appropriation, but that the deficiencies of last
year should be made up by tlie present Congress.
These armorers have been looking hopingly and
trustingly to this Congress for some relief, and
they have applied to me to use my utmost eiforts
to secure them that relief. That hope has thus far
sustained them; but when intelligence reached
Harper's Ferry a few days ago that the estimates
for the armory for that district reached only
§125,000, it fell like a crushing blow upon the
hearts and hopes of these people. Letters have
been pouring in upon mc ever since of such a char-
acter that I am sure that if the House could only
see them, and could understand the circumstances
which surround the writers, their sympathies
would be excited in favor of my unfortunate con-
stituents at Harper's Ferry, and it would vote for
this amendment.
I send to the Clerk's table one of these letters.
It comes from the master armorer at Harper's
Ferry. I am sure that, if 1 were stand here until
the sun shall rise to-morrow, appealing to the com-
mittee to act generously and liberally towards that
branch of the public service, I could say nothing
more calculated to arrest their attention, command
their respect, and secure their sympathies, than is
said in this letter. Before it is read, I desire to
say that it was meant for no eye but mine. It
was not intended to come before the House; but
1 take the liberty of calling the attention of the
committee to the statements it contains.
The Clerk then read the letter, as follows;
United States Armory, Harper's Ferry,
Virginia, March 17, i860.
Dear Sir • This day A. M. Barbnur, Esq., superintend-
ent of tins annory, put into my hands the printed Army
bill, providing, bj'appropiiation, moneys lor the suppoit of
tht- Anny foi the year ending June 30,1861; and, to my ex-
treme regret, I find the item refortmgto tlie manufacture of
arms at the national armories, proposes only $2oU,0G0, one
half oi which, of course, will be expended at Harper's
Ferry, and the other at Springfield, giving each §125,000—
a sum only sufficient to successfully operate this armory
seven months, being at least $7o,O0O too small for the capa-
city of the aimorv, and will so effectually cripple it as to
render The whole system of armory manufacture of arms a
farce. It is the sum gianted last year, vvhieh lias most ef-
fectually commenced the work of starvation and seques-
tration, which this bill, if passed, will as effectually com-
plete, and drive from the employment, and consequently
