1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3279
never was a member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, or the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and know nothing of the service required of the
clerk of either of those committees. I do not
mean to deny the important character of their
services, and the competency of the men-, but I
speak simply of the services and character of the
clerk of the Committee on the Judiciary; and I
am satisfied that the only basis on which you can
allow permanent compensation applies as much
fo him as to the others.
Mr. HALE. I hope this amendment to insert
the clerk of the Judiciary Committee will prevail;
and if it be adopted, I shall have some others to
propose. We keep, I believe, all the doorkeepers
iiere during the vacation; and at the last session,
as the doorkeepers had nothing to do, we voted
to continue two pages permanently, to wait on the
doorkeepers. By looking at the account of the
expenditures of the contingentfund of the Senate
you will find that we kept two pages here during
the last vacation. I believe it was done by a res-
olution of the Senate, passed at about the .same
time of the session as it is proposed to pass this.
I hope this amendment will go on; and after that
I shall propose to put on some others.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise merely to correct a
statement of the Senator from Delaware, who la-
bors under a misapprehension when he says that
none of the committee clerks have anything to do
in the vacation. The clerk of the Committee on
Claims is engaged during the vacation m compil-
ing a very valuable work, under a lesolution of
the Senate instructing him to do it, and that has
been going on for several years.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not say that no com-
mittee clerk was employed during the vacation,
but that I was not awaie that any clerk was so
employed. As to the valuable work of which the
Senator from Georgia speaky, I will say that I
was upon the Committee on Claims one Congress,
and perhaps I know something about it. The
clerk may have been employed on that work for
a great many years, but 1 do not know that it has
ever been published, or that any particular benefit
has ever arisen from it. "We have a Senate list
of private claims, compiled, I believe, by the
Secretary of the Senate, which was published, J
think, m 1849, which has been of great use. 1
recollect seeing a portion of this very valuable
work in manuscript when I was a member of the
Committee on Claims, some seven year* ago; but
I do not recollect that it has ever been published,
or is of any remarkable use in its present condi-
tion.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state to the Senator
that the manuscript is probably now about ready
for publication. We are waiting to have a suffi-
cient amount of it, so as to make a book of proper
size.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed, and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the Post
Office deficiency bill.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I hope we shall have
the vote on this question. There has been a very
distinct intimation on the part of the Senate of
their opinion as to the propriety of allowing a
permanent clerk to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I hope we shall have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut, thai
the resolution and amendments be postponed, an
that the Senate proceed to the consideration rff
the Post Office deficiency bill. /
The motion was agreed to—ayes 23, noes 1 p.
POST-OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the House amendment to the Senate
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 503) making
fuither appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1860, the question pending being upon
the motion of Mr. Powell to amend the amend-
ment of the House by striking out all after the
word " that," where it first occurs, and insert:
Ail Jaw* by which dny pei-on oi pervons aie aurl.onzed
to f-pjtd oi icccive any maUabie matter iree ofpo>tage, he,
and the >ame are hcieby.ippealcd ; Provided, TJiatnothing
in this section <4ia!l he eon^mied to atiect the existing law
leluuns to the exchange of new-papers : Jlnd provided fur-
ther, ri hat the piovisions of this section shall not apply to
any poi^oii oi pen-ons to whom the franking puvilege may
have been si anted by name.
he it further enacted, That the preceding section of
this act shall take effect from and after the 1st day of Au-
gust, 1860.
Mr. MxVSON. 1 think it very certain that we
shall never get back to a condition in which the
Post Office will maintain itself, unless we abolish
the franking privilege. Although i can well con-
ceive that, in the earlier period of the Govern-
ment, when the Post Office was able to maintain
itself, the Departments of the Government might
have the privilege of franking, yet that day has
passed by; and I shall never cease, as long as I
am here, to persevere in the attempt to abolish
this frankingprivilegeuntilitisaccomplishcd. i
ask that the vote be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. POWELL. The yeas and nays were
ordered before the recess.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall be constrained to vote
against this amendment, though I am in favor of
the abolition of the franking privilege, and I be-
lieve that is its object. This amendment has pre-
cisely the same evil, in my judgment, that the
amendment of the House has to which we object.
| It is forced legislation. "What I mean by forced
i legislation is, when either body attempts to change
; the existing law by forcing upon the other that
j change at the peul of losing an appropriation bill.
1 I do not mean hereafter to sanction it; I do not
believe 1 have ever done so in the past. I may
be willing to place on an appropriation bill—for
such is the current usage of both bodies—legisla-
tion to see if it will be assented to; but I cannot
and will not assent to the system of compelling
the opposite House, whether the proposition
comes from the House of Representatives or from
the Senate, to change existing laws under peril
of losing an appropriation bill. We have tried
this question with the House of Representatives.
I am ready to vote fora bill abolishing the frank-
ing privilege, and send it to them; but I am not
willing to tack such an amendment to an appro-'
priation bill. 1 can sec nothing to result from it,
except to ptoduee discord between the two bodies,
in this and m other cases, I shall vote against
what I consider forced legislation,
Mr. POWELL. In the eatly part of the ses-
sion an amendment similar to this went to the
House of Representatives upon the former Post
Office deficiency bill, and the House rejected it
because, they said, it was not a proper place to
put it. Two days afterwards we sent them a sep-
arate bill abolishing the franking privilege. That
bill was referred to a select commit tee of the House,
and, I believe, has not been reported back up to
this time; it certainly was not two or three days
ago. We have heard, during the whole winter,
complaints made of the exfraoidinary amount of
money that the Post Office Department costs; and
when the Post Office Department goes in for re-
trenchment, it seems, by some means or other, all
the measures which it ad opts calculated to retrench
and reform the Department are thrown back upon
it. In the very bill under consideration it is pro-
posed to restore all the service which we have cut
off. If we intend to do that, it is certainly emi-
nently proper that we should do something to
prevent such vast expenditures of money by this
Department. The Senate, I believe, have voted
unanimously, with two exceptions, to abolish the
/frankmg privilege; and I think, if it is desired to
' throw any further burdens upon this Department,
as the bill does, iL certainly should be relieved
from all the abuses and difficulties that arise in
consequence of the franking privilege. I hope the
amendment will prevail. Then let the House
reject it, if they will. They complained because
we sent it upon an appropriation hill, and for five
months they have had asepaiatebil], which passed
the Senate, and have not chosen to act upon it. I
wish to bring them to a direct vote on the subject,
and let the country see who it is that holds on to
this abuse.
Mr. BROWN. I have voted uniformly in fa-
vor of abolishing the franking privilege; and I am
ready to do so again on this bill, or anywhere
else. It is a great abuse; it is a great burden on
the Treasury, and it ought to be abolished; but I
submit to my friend from Kentucky, when the
other House has shown so little disposition to re-
form in this respect, whether it is worth our while
at this late hour of the session to be urging the
thing here, keeping up a fruitless discussion;
whether it is not better to let it go to December,
when the election will be over, and the Republic-
ans will have got all their documents through the ,
mail, and made the most, they can out of us, and
then be ready, perhaps, for a little reform. They
will not stand it now, and we have no power to
compel them. We might force the thing through
the Senate, but they are a little too strong for us
in the other House; 'and perhaps, if wc should ar-
range things over at Baltimore, get the vessel right
fair before the wind, we might want to send out
some documents of our own. Hut, at all events,
this is a very fruitless strife; we know that the
Republicans of the House do not mean to allow
this repeal now. I am for it, and 1 have always
been, and will be for it next winter. I want to
correct this abuse, but'we cannot do it now; and
1 think the less said about it just now the better.
I think we had better vote down my friend's
amendment, and let the thing pass wrer with a
general understanding that the Republicans want
to practice this abuse until after the election is
over, and then the probability is that they writ
agree to stop it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if Senators de-
sire the passage of this Post Office deficiency bill,
they will surely reject the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Kentucky for the entire abo-
lition of the franking privilege. I think I sec on
the Administration side of the Chamber symp-
toms of a desire to have this bill fail between the
two Houses. Senators must know that the adop-
tion of the amendment moved by the Senator from
Kentucky insures the defeat of the bill.- The
House has pronounced its opinion upon the abo-
lition of the franking privilege in a manner not to
be misunderstood by the Senate and the country;
and the House will not be forced by the Senate
to retreat from its position so clearly and de-
cidedly taken. We tried the experiment of at-
tempting to force the last House of Representa-
tives to abolish the franking privilege; and the
result was the loss of the Post Office appropria-
tion bill and the embarrassment of the Post Office
Department. We have sent the proposition for
repeal to the present House, and this House has
promptly rejected it. Why, at this late hour of
the session, and upon this bill, should the Senate
again attempt to dragoon the Representatives of
the people to abolish the franking system? If
Senators intend to defeat the bill, they will try the v
experiment
1 desire to say, Mr. President, that I have
given my last vote for the entire abolition of the
franking privilege. I may give my vote for mod-
ifications of the law; but for its entire repeal, never.
Misled by the clamor raised by the newspaper
press of the country, under the powerful lead of
the New York journals, I gave my vote in the last
Congress for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. I was desirous, also, of being released
personally from the labor and the expense of the
system; for Senators can, I think, all bear wit-
ness that it costs us not only days and nights of
weary and exhausting labor, but'far more money
than it saves us. The labor and expense of the
system are ours; the benefits belong to the people,
whose servants wc are. Sir, I have examined
this question, I have reflected upon it; and I have
delibeiately decided to vote against the repeal of
the frankmg laws. Much exaggeration exists
concerning the expenses of the franking privilege
in the country; and these exaggerations have
been made by the clamors of the public press.
Sir, I do not believe it costs the Government a
quarter of a million annually to carry the mails
on account of the franking system, nor would its
abolition increase thci evenue of the Department to
any gieat extent. It would lighten our personal
toil, it would diminish our personal expenses, to
abolish the franking privilege; but it would save
little to the nation, while it would deny to the
people the benefits they now enjoy by free com-
munication with their Representatives. Let the
Senate reject this amendment, and then let us, on
some fit occasion, place such guards upon the
franking system as experience suggests.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to say that I do
not myself believe, as stated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, that the vast saving, which is
sometimes supposed, is to occur in the matter of
mail cortracts; but 1 think a very great saving
will occur in the printing of Congress, and a re-
duction of mail contracts will follow when you
diminish the weight of the mails, and contractors
are made aware how small the mails will be when
all the public documents are taken out. It will
