2336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
tion of mails, troops, and public stores fiom the western
border" of what is called our western States, by railroad,
namely: starting from two points, one on the western bor-
der of the State of Missouri, and the other on the western
border of Iowa, with two converging lines bearing west-
ward and uniting within two hundred miles of the Missouri
river, and thence proceeding by a single trunk line, by the
nearest and best route to the city of rian Francisco, or to
the navigable waters of the Sacramento, m the State of
California, there be, and hereby is, granted to William H.
Swift, Samuel T. Dana, and John Bertram, of Massachu-
setts; Moses H. Crrinnell, Benjamin Chamberlain, Hamil-
ton Fish, John A. Dix, Daniel C. Eaton, Azariah Boody,
and Jobeph Field, of New York; Daniel J. Morrel, Joseph
Harrison, George W. Gass, Joseph H. Scranton, Moiton
McMichael?of Pennsylvania; Edward Pennelton, of Vir-
ginia; Benjamin II. Latrobe, Ross Winans, and Thomas
Swunn, of Maryland; William Case, S. S. L'Hommedieu,
and Henry B. Curtis, of Ohio; Thomas A. Morns, Jesse L.
Williams,and David C.Banham,of Indiana; Joshua (Jobb,
of Tennessee; E. O. Grosvener and William J. Welles, ot
Michigan; John Wentworth, N.B. Judd, John Moore,and
Charles G. Hammond, of Illinois; John Ilovv, James H.
Lucas, William Gilpin, and Wiliard 1\ Hall, of Missouri;
Charles Mason, Lucius H. Langvvoithy, Hugh T. Reid, and
lioyt Sherman, of fovva; Samuel J. Hensley, T. I). Judah,
and Louis McLane, of California; Herman C. Leonard
and J. C. Amsworth, ot Oregon, as trustees lor the organi-
zation of a company to build the railroad herein provided
for, every alternate section of land within one mile of such
railroad line as such persons may adopt, said sections to
be those designated by odd numbers: Provided, That in
any incorporation of the stockholders of said company, to
carry out the provisions of tins act, no person shall bo per-
mitted to subscribe stock to a greater amount than the ea&h
value of his estate, to be determined by the parties hcicin
named, or by the board of directors as the case may be, by
oath or otherwise, and that the peisons herein named be
authorized, within one month of the passage of this act, to
determine the amount of private capital stock whiclfcwill
be necessary to the completion of this road ; and that they
be authorized to open books of subscription for baid stock,-
in the cities of New Yoik, St. Louis, and New Orleans,
and in such other places as they may think proper, and to
keep the same open for the term of three months ; and at
the expiration of said three months, the stockholders shall
meet at such place as may be agieed on, and eleot a board
of directors of not less than twenty-live nor more than forty
persons, who shall supersede the persons herein named in
the control and management of the aflairs of said company;
the stock to be taken in shares of $100 each, and each share
to entitle the shareholder to one vote; and that no one per-
son or firm shall be allowed to take more than $500,000 of
said stock: And provided further, That live per cent, on
the amount of stock subscribed shall be paid to the com-
pany, in cash, at the time of taking the same ; and when
the United States have disposed of any such sections, or
for any other reason cannot convey tuie thereto, or when
the same (shall be condemned by the United States sur-
veyor as worthless (and his decision be approved by the
Secretary of the Interior,) or when the uame shall be min-
eral lands, or if the same shall be occupied at the dare of
passing this act, the deficiency shall be made up by selec-
tions made within six miles of said road lrom lands ol the
United States to which none oi the atoiesaid objections
apply: Provided, That so soon as the terms of tins act are
accepted by tiie parties undeifakmgto perform the services
herein piovidcd foi, it shall be the duty oi the .President of
the United Status, upon the application of said paiue«, to
cause the public lands lor sk miles <m each side of so
much of such road as the panics may indicate, to be with-
hold liom settlement, sate, and occupation, until the lands
shall have been burveyed and the alternate .sections se-
lected, as provided m this act.
I have adopted in my substitute the names em-
braced in the original bill. 1 have not intended
to interfere with the objects^of the committee in
framing the bill, except to adopt a new principle
of action with regard to the persons who shall
have the future control of the road. I submit the
amendment in good faith, and I believe that it is
founded on principles that will commend them-
selves to the whole House. Of course it will be
understood that if a railroad bill id to pass for the
construction of only one road, I should desire to
see that road go over what is called the southern
route, believing it, as I do, the cheapest road to
build, the one that would pay best after it was
built, and one which, on account of its not being
blocked up by snows in winter, would extend
more accommodation than any other to the whole
nation. 1 simply say so much; but 1 have not
offered to substitute tho-southc-rn route fur that
proposed. My colleague has already offered an
amendment for that purpose, which will be acted
on at the proper time. With that question, this
amendment of mine has no particular connection,
except that the principles of my amendment
should be, 1 think, applied to any bill or bills
for one or more roads, that may be passed by the
House.
I copy the bill of the committee down to the
word " Oiegon," m the thirtieth line, verbatim.
In that and the thirty-first line, I strike out the
words "and to such persons as a majority of
such grantees shall admit as their associates,55 and
insert in lieu of them the words " as trustees for
the organization of a company to build the rail-
road herein provided for;" so as to make that
portion of the section provide, after describing the
route, " that there be, and hereby is, granted to
William H. Swift, [and others, naming them,]
as trustees for the organization of a company to
build the railroad herein provided for," &c., in-
stead of making the giant to the persons named
and to such persons as they may associate with
them.
In the thirty-fourth line of the committee's
bill, after the word " of,"I propose to strike out
the words "themselves, or with others as;" so
as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That in any incorpoiation of stockholders or
partners to carry out the provisions ot this act, &e.
Instead of saying "that in any incorporation
of themselves .with others," &c., 1 propose to say
" that in any incorporation of stockholders or
partners," &c. That is necessary in order to
harmonize with the other amendments, and to
secure the object which I have in view, and
which I will explain directly.
Mr. BURCH. 1 would ask the gentleman if
he is not in favor of Senator Wigfall's bill?
Mr. REAGAN. J would not vote for that bill
as it stands. I must have it amended as I pro-
pose to amend this bill, and have some other
amendments to it, before i can vote for it.
Mr. BURCH. Does the gentleman propose to
put this amendment in the Wigfall bill?
Mr. REAGAN. I would make it in the bill
introduced into the Senate by the Senator from
my State, into the bill of my colleague, [Mr. Ham-
ilton,] or any other bill that comes up, because
I believe the restrictions I propose necessary to
secure the success of any such enterprise.
The next point at which I propose to amend
the bill is to insert, after the words "parties herein
named" in the thirty-eighth line, these words:
"or by the board of directors, as the case may
be." That is necessary, because my proposition
contemplates the appointment, after a limited pe-
riod of time specified, of a board of directors for
the management of this company, instead of leav-
ing the franchise vested absolutely in the parties
named in the bill.
I propose then to insert after the word " other-
wise," m the thirty-eighth line, the following:
" And that the persons herein named [that is, the person*
named in the bill of the committee] be authou/.ed, within
one month of the passage of this act, to dctcimine the
amount of private capital s-tock which will bo ncce^ary to
the completion of tins mad; and that they arc authorized
t<> open books of subsenplion lor said stock in the cities of
New Foik, tft. Louis, and New Orleans, and such other
places a^ they may think proper, and to keep the sainc open
for a teim ot three months; and at the expnation of said
tinee month1-5 the stockholders shall meet, at such place as
may be agreed on, and electa boaid of dhectors, ot not less
than f\venty-li\e 1101 moio than Joity persons, who shall
supersede the persons herein named in the control and
management ot theatfausof said company; the stock to
be taken in shares of $100 each, and each share to entitle
the Miarcholdei to one vote; and that no peison or firm
shall he allowed to take more than $500,000 of said stock:
Jind provided/wither, Thtit five per cent, of the amount of
vtock subscribed -diall be paid to the company in cash, at
the time of taking the stock.
After that I go on and adopt the remainder of
the section, as framed by the committee.
Now, I ask the attention of the House to this
proposition, for I regard it as a very important
one. I propose that the persons named in this
bill shall be granted these rights as trustees for a
company to be organized under their auspices.
They arc nuthouzed and required, by my amend-
ment, in one month after this bill passes, to de-
termine upon the amount of private capital stock
which it will be necessary to employ,in addition
to the Government subsidy, to secure the con-
struction of this road. After they have determined
the amount of stock, books are to be opened,
under their direction, and kept open in the cities
of New York, St. Louis, and New Orleans, and
m such other places as they may determine, for
three months. Three months aie allowed,so that
persons desiring to take stock in the work may do
II so in that time; and my amendment goes upon the
j presumption that by that time a sufficiency of
j| stock will be taken to authorize the stockholders
j! to take charge of the work and elect a board of
;i directors to supersede the persons in whom the
11 franchise is vested by the bill of the committee,
li I will state some of the reasons which have in-
duced me to adopt tliiscoui se. The committee 'sbilt 
invests arbitrarily and absolutely, in the particular
persons whom they have intrusted, the franchises
of this great work. The control of the work, the
public lands, and the Government subsidies, arc
given to them, and the control and direction of
the private capital which maybe invested for the
purpose of completing the work. We have 110
means of knowing whether the men the commit-
tee have selected are railroad men, or men of char-
acter and means. I do not know but they may
be men of the strictest probity. I presume they
have been selected because they are; but there
exists no reason, if this corporation shall prove
beneficial to themselves, why these franchises
should vest in them exclusively more than in any-
other set of men. It is not known that they will
invest one dollar of their own capital in this en-
terprise; and if thay invest anything, it is not
known how much. Others may furnish the en-
tire private capital for carrying on the work; but
still the entire control of the enterprise is vested
in these particular men, without reference to the
interests of the Government, without reference to
the interests of commerce, and without reference
to the private capital employed in the construc-
tion of the work. Now, what 1 propose to do is,
not to defeat the plan of the committee, but rather
to carry it out. My proposition is, to vest these
franchises not in men who are not stockholders
of the concern, but in those men who pay their
own money for the purpose of securing the suc-
cess of the enterprise.
Ml'. STOUT. If the gentleman from Texas
will permit me to ask him a question, I desire to
know whether he has incorporated in his amend-
menta provision like that in the original bill, that
the route shall pass at or near SaltX.ake City?
Mr. REAGAN. I have made no change in
that respect, or rather I have made no change in
the bill as it is printed, in that respect. I believe
the provision to which the gentleman refers has
been adopted by the committee since the bill was
printed, and I prefer to allow my amendment to
remain in that shape.
Mr. STOUT. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Texas whether he is willing to vote for an appro-
priation to build two Pacific railroads, one of which
shall be on his southern route, and the other at
or near the thirty-fifth parallel of latitude.
Mr. REAGAN. In moving this amendment
I have not taken that question into consideration.
I have chosen to adopt tile words as reported by
the committee 111 respect to the route, leaving any
changc which may be proposed in it to amend-
ments which may be submitted by other gentle-
men. The great object of this amendment is to
adopt what I regard as a sound policy in respect
to the rights and powers to be vested in the cor-
porators, and in respect to having the franchises
of the work placed in the hands of the men who
furnish the capital. I desire to avoid those spec-
ulative influences which have destroyed the suc-
cess of at least one important railroad enterprise
within my knowledge, by the control bemgplaced
in the hands of men who have no money to invest,
and whose whole object is to make a speculation
out of the charter, it is believed that the amend-
ment which I propose gives time enough—one
month—for the corporators to determine the
amount of private stock which will be necessary
for the enterprise; and then three months to en-
able persons to take stock to a sufficient amount
to organize and control the work. That will take
the road out of the hands, at that time, of the
corporators named in the bill, unless they should
become stockholders in the road.
Then I propose some additional restrictions up-
on the persons who are to have charge of this
enterprise, which 1 think important. It is pro-
vided in the original bill, and I readopt that pro-
vision, that no man shall take stock beyond the
value of his own property. 1 have then provided
m my amendment, 111 addition to that,'that no per-
son or company shall take stock to an amount
exceeding jjo00,000. As the basis of the organi-
zation necessary to be made, I make the usual
provision, that one share of $100 shall entitle the
holder to vote in the organization of the company,
and I have provided, as an additional restriction,
that five per cent, of the stock subscribed shall be
paid in at the time of taking the same. I have
known several important railroad enterprises ru-
ined by failing to require this evidence of good
faith on the part of the stockholders.
Mr. CURTIS. The bill provides that no man
shall be allowed to subscribe more than the value
ofhisproperty, which may be ascertained bythese
commissioners.
