t28Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
fee a great saving of money, and I think it will be
& saving'greater than money can measure.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on Mr.
Powell's amendment.
Mr. POLK, (when his name was called.) I am
in favor of abolishing the franking privilege, but
t do not want to put it on this bill, as a substitute
for the proposition to restore the mail service; and
therefore f vote in the negative.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll.
Mr. LATHAM. Before the result is announced
I desire to say that I intend to vote for all prop-
ositions which will give us another committee of
conference on this bill;and if they can possibly
agree, I intend then to vote for the bill. If they
cannot, as I am perfectly satisfied in my own
mind that,the bill will never become a law with
the provision made by the House attached to it,
I expect tlien to vote for striking off that provis-
ion; but, until that necessity arises, I shall vote
for every proposition which tends to reconcile the
difference between the two Houses. I shall now
vote against this proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, although I am m favor of abolishing
the franking privilege.
The result was announced—yeas 16, nays 23;
as. follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitz-
patrick,Gwin, Ivcrson, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Mal-
lory, Pearce, Powell, Ricc, Sebastian, Thomson, and Wig-
teiP-16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Bayard,Chandler, Clark, Fes-
scnden, Foot, Foster, Green, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemp-
hill, King, Latham, Polk, Pugh, Simmon's, Sumner, Ton
Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment of Mr. Powell was rejected;
and the question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PUGH. I understand that the House have
adjourned until Monday, and therefore the only
hope of saving this bill is to stand by the House
amendment, I give up all hope of a conference,
and shall therefore now vote for the House
amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur fully with what the
Senator from Ohio has said: we may agree with
the House, and pass the bill; we may disagree
with the House, and lose it. I can have no doubt
about that, and I am so firmly of that opinion,
that I want to make a record of my vote; and I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to state that my colleague [Mr. Grimes] is
paired with the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Nicholson.] Mycolleague has been unwell, and
unable to bo in his seat for a number of days; and
although he could now possibly be in his seat,
having somewhat recovered, the Senator from
Tennessee still kindly continues to pair with him,
so as to save him the trouble of coming to the
Senate until he shall have fully recovered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18,.nays 21; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Fessenden,
Foot, Fostei, Green, Hale, Ilamlm, Harlan, Hemphill,
Pugh, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch,
Fiupatnek, Gvvin, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice,
Sebastian, Thomson, Wigfall, and Yulee—21.
So the House amendment to the first amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Mr. PEARCE. There was another amend-
ment of the Senate. I do not know whether the
House has receded from its disagreement to that
amendment or not. I should like to be informed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The third amendment of the Sen-
ate to this bill was in line three, page 3, after the
word "blanks," to strike out " ten " and insert
" fifty-four;" so as to make the clause read: " for
blanks, $54,000." The House of Representa-
tives has disagreed to this amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. The House acted under the
impression that§10,000 would be sufficientunder
the new arrangement in regard to the blanks,
whereas the contract for blanks for the present
year was made before the new rule of compensa-
tion was adopted. I therefore move now that the
Senate further insist upon its third amendment,
and ask for a further conference with the House
of Representatives upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to inquire whether
constructive composition i& still paid for printing
the Post Office blanks? I showed the other day
that out of §77,000, $57,000 was paid for con-
structive composition. 1 should like to know if
that practice still continues; and if that is the
reason why we are to pay $54,000 for what ought
not to cost §10,000. The matter, of course, is
under the control of the Senate; but I should like
to inquire if the Post Office Department is still
paying for imaginary composition? If it is, I
hope this amendment will not prevail. I am
against this kind of robbery. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1VERSON. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
that the Senate insist on its amendment, and ask
for a conference with the House upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the question be un-
derstood. It is upon inserting $54,000 for print-
ing Post Office blanks, instead of $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
amended the bill by inserting $54,000, instead of
S10,000, in the clause relative to printing Post
'ffice blanks, to which the House disagreed. The
motion now is that the Senate insist on its amend-
ment and ask for a conference.
Mr. FITCH. I think there certainly must
have been some error in the estimate upon which
the Senate amendment was based. Fifty-four
thousand dollars cannot be required for Post
Office blanks under the present law, surely.
Mr. PEARCE. I stated, hut I suppose the
Senator did not hear the brief statement I made a
little white ago 
Mr. FITCH. I did not.
Mr. PEARCE. I stated that the contract for
blanks had been made under the old system, and
that three fourths of the blanks would be paid for
under the old rule; and therefore $30,000 would
be entirely insufficient, for this bill, it will be re-
membered, is for the present fiscal year. I will
state further, if it is proper for me to state such a
thing, that if the first committee of conference on
this bill had been aole to agree upon the first
amendment, there would have been no difficulty
about this. It was admitted that it was right.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the Senator from
Maryland is in part, and perhaps entirely, cor-
rect. Blanks were printed under the old law to
supply very many offices for a considerable peiiod
within this year; but the blanks now being printed
are printed at the reduced price. At least it is as-
sumed to be a reduced price; but that point is not
yet adjud1- nted.
Mr. PEARCE. That is very true; but the
Senator must recollect that this is for payment of
blanks purchased for the year back.
Mr. FITCH. I perceive that the Senator is
correct. The blanks printed under the old law
are not yet paid for. I presume that is it.
Mr. PEARCE. That is it.
Mr. FITCH. Ten or twelve thousand dollars,
on a fair construction—such construction I
think the accounting officers will insist upon put-
ting on the present law—will pay for all blanks
printed within a year.
Mr. KING. I desire to state that, before the
committee which investigated this subject it ap-
peared that the printing of blanks under the old
system ceased with the making of the new con-
tract. The old printer had about fifteen hundred
dollars' worth of blanks on hand at the old prices,
which he offered to the new printer for $250, and
the new printer refused to take them, and in the
testimony it was stated that he refused to take
them at $250 because he could print them cheaper,
so that there are not any old blanks on hand.
Mr. PEARCE. But there were old blanks
used which it is necessary to pay for. We have
been using these blanks under the old system of
payment for nine months of the present fiscal
year, and it is for these that we seek this appro-
priation to pay.
Mr. FITCH. That is the real fact of the case.
I suppose the Senate does not take into consider-
ation that this is a deficiency bill, and runs back
to the commencement of the present fiscal year.
Mr. KING. I understood the Senator to state
that the contract was made under the old system.
If it is for past accounts, it is another matter.
Mr. PEARCE. That is it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted---yeas 24, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Brown, Crittenden, Da-
vis, Fitch, Green, Gwm, Hammond. Hemphill, Hunter,
Iver&on, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane. Latham, Mallory,
NichoUon, Peaiee, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Thomson, Wig-
fall, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Durkee,
Foster, Hale, Hamhn, King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—14.
So it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the first amendment of the
Senate to the bill EL R. No. 503; further insist upon its-
third amendment disagreed to by the Hou-^e ; and ask a fur-
ther conlerenee on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Slidell, Mr. Thomson, and Mi. Hale were
appointed.
ACCOUNT CLERK.
Mr. POWELL. I offered a few days ago,
from the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, a resolution
concerning the compensation of the account clerk
of the Senate. I ask that it be taken up and acted
on. I think it will not take a moment. I move
to take it up.
The motion was not agreed to.
CALVIN REED.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate to indulge
me in calling up a little bill which has been re-
poited unanimously from the Committee on
Claims, allowing only $700. It is a very hard
case, and will take but a moment to pass it. It
is Senate bill No. 432. 1 will give way if it gives
rise to discussion.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
["Oh, no !"]
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 12, noes
24.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Florida, to
take up Senate bill No. 432, for the relief of Chand-
ler S. Emory, sole surviving administiator of Cal-
vin Reed, of Duval county, Florida.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is a bill of public
consequence, regulating the prices of public print-
ing, upon which I moved some days ago a recon-
sideration of the vote, which was taken to sub-
stitute twenty-five per cent, for forty per cent, as
the reduction to be made. I wish to call that bill
up for the reconsideration of that vote. I presume
I can accomplish my purpose by moving to lay
this aside and take that up. I think the public
business ought to be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida to take up the bill indicated by
him.
The motion was not agreed to.
PRICE OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now I move to take up
the joint resolution which I have just indicated.
jVir. MASON. I will say to the Senate that it
is very important that we should have a short
executive session; and if the Senate will refuse to
take up this joint resolution, I shall move that
we proceed to the consideration of executive bus-
iness. An executive session ought to be held
during the continuance of the present session of
Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to take up the joint resolution (H. It. No. 41) to
reduce the price of public printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the only chance
to reduce the cost of public printing, and I hope
we shall do it.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 25, noes not
counted; and the Senate resumed the considera-
tion of the joint resolution.
Mr. TRtTMBULL. This is a House joint res-
olution, which reduces the price of public print-
ing forty per cent. The Senate struck out forty
per cent., and inserted twenty-five. If we mean
to reducc the price paid for public printing, as I
understand this is the last chance, let us recon-
sider what the Senate has done, adopt the House
resolution as it came here, and then it is a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
