1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
respectfully say that they cannot permit any such dam to
be built by Captain Meigs or any one else; and that they
are assured by the authorities of Virginia that they will be
protected by the laws of Virginia in all their riparian rights
as to the land, and. also to the water on the Virginia shore;
and the company will resist to their utmost power all at-
tempts to build a dam, as contemplated by Captain Meigs,
let them come from what quarter they may.
But, at the same time,the company have no objection to
the Government's building a dam, if they will build it in a
ptoper placc, and so as not to destroy the company's water
power; and they have no objection to the Government's
taking a supply of water for the use of the aqueduct, if they
will pay the company a fair piice therefor.
Your memorialists further state that they have been very
much embarrassed in their operations by the operation of
the Government, 01 its agents, in attempting and claiming
the right to build a dam that would entirely destioy the
company's water power for manufacturing purposes.
There is at these falls a fall of ninety ieet, with great
facilities lor using the water, and is said by all who have
examined it that it is the moat valuable water power in the
United States.
And your memoiiaiists fuither state, for the foregoing
reasons and many others not enumerated, that, in their
opinion, this business cannot be settled without some aid
from Congress; aijd as Congress has authouzed the build-
ing of the aqueduct, and have nearly completed the same
tiuough their .agents, and as the aqueduct will be of no use
to the Government or any one else, without a. supply of
watei, and as your memorialists do not believe that the
Govei nmenfhare the power to take the water without their
consent, and as the company do not believe that the Gov-
ernment Wishes to take their property without paying a fair
compensation therefor, therefore, your memorialists ask
your honorable bodies to appoint a joint committee from
both Houses of Congress, consisting ot three from the Sen-
ate and three from the House of Representatives, or such
number as may be thought propel, to take the whole sub-
ject into consideration, examine testimony, send for per-
sons and papers, and after a full examination of all the tacts
in the case, report the same to Congress, with such recom-
mendations as they may think pioper.
And your memorialists will ever prav, &c.
JOHN CARROLL BRENT,
Jlcting President of Great Falls Manufacturing Company.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit a motion for the
appointment of a committee in accordance with
the prayer of the memorial. The Senate may
make what disposition of the subject they please.
Air. MALLOllY. The raising of a special
committee on a private memorial is rather un-
usual in the Senate; and I move, with the conscnt
of the Senator from Delaware, that it bo referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY. I suggest that the Committee on
Claims would be the proper committee. It is a
claim against the G-overnmcnt, and I think that
is the proper committee; and I suggest that it be
referred to that committee.
Mi*. BROWN. It seems to me that the proper
committee is that one which has always had
charge of this aqueduct, and that is the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds. They have
been all the time in charge of the subjcct, and the
memorial had better go to them. They understand
it, and no other committee do.
Mr. PEARCE. I should be glad to ask the
Senator from Delaware whether this claim is not
the same which has been submitted to a judicial
tribunal and decided by that tribunal. I under-
stand that the rights of these parties have been
submitted to litigation. I know that an opinion
covering the case—at all events, if not given in their
particular case, and I presume it was given in
this particular case—was made by Judge Brewer,
the circuit judge for that circuit in Maryland.
The whole matter has been considered judicially;
and I am not inclined to depart from the usual
.course of the Senate, and give the parties any
extraordinary favors.
Mr. MALLORY. What committee do you
want it to go to ?
Mr. PEARCE. Not to any, unless it be the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am not acquainted with
the facts of the ease myself. I never read the me-
morial. It was simply handed to me with a re-
quest that I should present it to the Senate. Any
disposition that may be made by the Senate will
be satisfactory to me. If the matter has been in
litigation, I am not aware of it. I know nothing
about the facts. I simply presented it because 1
was requested to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The pending motion is to refer the
memorial to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PEARCE. I suggest to the Senator to
move to refer it to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. It relates to a judicial question.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest that the memorial be
permitted to lie on the table for the present, until
the Senator from Delaware can have an opportu-
nity of looking into it and seeing where it ought
to be referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion ?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That takes
precedence of the motion to refer. The question
is on tho motion of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULEE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 316)
granting to the town of Tampa, Florida, the site
of Fort Brooke; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
REPORTS OK COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 28D) to provide two additional superintend-
encies of Indian affairs for the State of Oregon and
Territory of Washington, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to, the committee having already reported a bill
embodying their views upon the subjcct.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislative As-
sembly of Washington Territory, praying that
treaties may be formed with the Chehalis and other
tribes of that Territory, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the President of the United States; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memorial
of Isaac E. Morse, praying additional compensa-
tion as special commissioner to New Granada,
submitted a report, accompanied by abill (S. No.
317) for the relief of Isaac E. Morse. The bill
was read, and passed to asecond reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikaiisas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred a j
memorial of the Legislature of Missouri, praying |
a teduetioii in the price of Government land on :
the line of the southwest branch of the Pacific \
railroad, asked to be discharged from its further 1
consideration; which was agreed to. |
He also, from the same committee, to whom !
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 10) |
relating to the route of the railroad from Fond du [
Lac, on Lake Winnebago, in the State of Wis-
consin, to Lake Superior, reported it without
amendnvnt, and submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was lefeired the petition of David H. Buir, late
surveyor general of the Territory of Utah, pray-
ing to be allowed the salary appertaining to that
office until he was relieved of the care and respons-
ibility thereof by the transfer to Governor Curn-
ming, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Court of
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom wos referred the petition
of J. Hosford Smith, late United States consul at
Beirut, Syria, praying an increase of compensa-
tion for his services as consul, and compensation
for judicial services, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 319) for the relief of J.
Hosford Smith. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LANE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to complete certain mili-
tary roads in the Territory of New Mexico.
PRINTING OF A REPORT,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, on the memorial of Wilhatri Vance & ;
Brothers, submitted on the 19th instant, to accompany j
Senate bill No. 290, be printed. \
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. j
The joint resolution received yesterday from ;
the House of Representatives, (No, 26,) consti-
tuting Macon, Georgia, a part of entry for the ,
time being, for the purposes therein specified, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title, and.
referred to the Committee o'n Gomriierce. -
MAIL ROUTES IN CALIFORNIA. < , .
Mr. GWIN submitted the.following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent* and
agreed tot
Resolved, That the Committee on tlfc Post Office and Post
Itoads be instructed and directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing the following.mail routes in the State
of California, to wit: From Sonora, by Long Gulch,
Biakeley & Vomer's Mills, Cherokee Pass,'McKee'sMiHi*,
Carroll's Mills, and Salisbury's Mills, to Sonoma;' from
ForfTelion, by San Bernardino find San Gomonia, to Fort
Yuma; from Han Bernardino, by Fillmore, to S$lt Lake;
fiom San I3einaidino,byTemecia,to San Diego; fiom Vis-
alia, by Buzzard Roost and Tulare Lake, to San Luis Obis-
po ; from Fort Miller, by Gold Gulch, Coarse Gold Gulch,
Roan's Store, and Brown's Ranch, to Mariposa; from Mo-
kelumne ILll, bv West Point, to Genoa; trom Murphy's,
by Rig Tiee, to Genoa; from Sonora, by Don Pedio's Bar,
to Coultemlle; from Georgetown, by Work's Ranch, Gad
dis Creek, and Slippery Foul, to Carson City; from George-
town, by Volcanoville, to Michigan Bluffs ; from Placer
ville, by Coloma, to Auburn; from Sacramento, by Sutter-
ville and Ruman's Ranch, to Sharp's Ranch; from El Do
rado, by Miller's Ranch and Drytown, to Jackson; from
MarysviRe, by Johnson's Ciossmg, Coon Creek, and Gold
Hill, to Auburn ; from Fairfield, by Bernye&sa Valley, to
Clear Lake; trom Fairfield, by Nurse's Landing, to Rio
Vista or Brazos del Rio ; from Weaver ville to Trinity Cen-
ter ; from Uniontown, by Hooper Valley and Big Bar, to
Weaveivillc; fiom Yreka, by Etna Mills, and Orissino, to
Sawyer's Bar; from Happy Camp, California, to Waldo,
Oregon; from Yieka, by Indiantown, to Scott's Bar; from
Uniontown, by Trinidad and Gold Blufls, to Crescent City:
from Foiks ot Salmon, by Fader's, Centerville, Cecilville,
Pctcihburg, and Bail's, to Big Bend ; fiom Big Bend, by Rat-
tle Snake', to North Fork of Trinity; from Cloverdale, by
Ukiah Valley, Little Lake Valley, and Round Valley, to
Weavervilie"; trom Pctaluma, by Sebastapol and Fort Ross,
to PuntaAienas; bomUkiahto Mendocino City; from San
Francisco, by Valleio, to Napa; from Upper Clear Lake to
Mendocino; fiom Santa Rosa to Sonoma; from Santa Rosa,
by Anriall} S to Budego ; from San Luis Obispo to San Sim-
eon ; lroni San Lui* Obispo, by Santa Baibaia. to Los An-
geles; from San Juan to San Lui* Obispo; from Santa
Clara, by Mountain Charley's or Soquel, to Santa Cruz;
from Dowmeviile, by Sierra Valley, Upper Crossing of
Truckee, Dig Steamboat, Spnng Meadows, to Washoe
Valley; from Quincy, by Martin's Ranch, Lovejoy's, Eight-
Mile House, Beckwitii'--, Haystacks, Peavine Spungs, to
Virginia City; from Cloverdale to Eureka Bay; from Eu-
jeka to Uniontown, and back, daily: from Uniontown to
Orleans Bai; fiom Euteka, by Bear'ilivor and Mendocino,
to Mattolc; trom (. reseent City, by Sailor-' Digcins and In
dian Cieek, to Happy Camp, fiomCro«erntCitv.b> mouth
of Rogue' uver, to Port Orloid ; from Weaverviile, by Hay
Fork, to Uniontown; irom Sacramento, by lone City, to
Jackson; iiom Stockton, by Poverty Bar, Laneiui Plana,
Campo Seeo, lone City, and Cossumne, to Folsom ; from
Jackson, Pine Grove, and Fiddletown to Indian Springs;
fiom Mokelumne Hill, by Rich Gulch and Mosquito, to
West Point; from Mokelumne Hill to Elk Grove; from
We^t Poi?;t, i)> Indian Springs, toGrizzley Flat; from Dia-
mond Spring, by Fiddletown, to West Point; from Fol-
som, by Fiddletown, to Indian Springs ; from Gnzziey Flat
to Georgetown; from Placerville, by Gieenwood, to Mich-
igan Bluffs: fiom Marysville to FoVom, via Coon Creek;
fiom Yankee Jims to Placerville; fioin Yankee Jims, by
Ilhnoistown and Red Don, to Nevada; from Michigan
Hluifs, Dutch Fiat and Little York, to Nevada; from
Dutch Flat, Amcga, Mooie's Fiat, and Aliegnauytown
to Downievdle: from Illinois-town, by Grass Valley, to
Empire Ranch; from Oregon House to Forbestown ; from
Downicville, by Euiefca North and Table Rook, toGifoson-
ville ; from Camptonviiie, by Forbestown, to Pcavine ; from
Oroville toFoibestown; trom Laporte, by Quincy, to Shas-
ta; from Sacramento to Yolo ; from Healdsburg to Upper
Clear Lake; from Mokelumne Hill to Murphy's; from
Double Springs to Columbia; from Columbia to Murphy's;
from Columbia to Mariposa; fiom Mariposa toVisaiia;
from Homitas to Knight's Ferry; fiom Maiysulle to Cor-
lUsi.
MILITARY PENSIONS.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs have directed me to repprt a bill to provide
pensions for the widows and orphans of officers
and soldiers of the Army of the United States.
The bill (S. No. 318) to provide pensions for
the widows and orphans of officers and soldiers
of the Army of the United States was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the bill introduced
by the Senator from Mississippi be referred to the
Committee on Pensions, It is a subject which
properly belongs to that committee; and, as they
have the same subject under consideration, I think
that, for the sake of uniformity, it should be re-
ferred to them.
Mr. DAVIS, There is a slight misapprehen-
sion, Tho bill reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs is a general law in relation to
military pensions, of which that committee thought
they could properly take jurisdiction. It belonged
to that committee, so far as the legislation ibr the
Army was concerned, and not to the Committee
on Pensions. Iam very willing, however, to haye
the aid of the Committee, on pensions, and will
