1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ized and directed to contract with the contractors on route
*b91i, between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Great Salt Lake
City, and route *12801, between Great Salt Lake City and
Piacerviile, California, or with either of them, for the con-
veyance of the entire United States mail between St. Louis,
via central route, to San Francisco, California, in twenty
days'time: Proculed, The service can be obtained tri-week-
ly the first year, at a compensation not to exceed $600,000,
and daily thereafter at an additional compensation not to
exceed $200,000 per annum, the service to expire July 1,
1866, and the contractors to supply Denver City and Great
Salt Lake City with a weekly mail without additional com-
pensation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
provide for the conveyance of the entire United States mail,
weekly, from St. Paul, Minnesota, via St. Cloud, and from
Superior, Wisconsin, via Crow Wing, to the Dalles, in Ore-
gon, with the same pieemption rights as heretofore allowed
upon other through routes: Provided, The service can be
obtained at an annual cost riot exceeding "$900,000, and the
trip to be performed in twenty days, from May 1, to No-
vember 1, and in thirty days the remainder of the year, the
service to expire at the &ame time as the contract provided
for in the preceding section.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
contract with the contractor on route *6076, now engaged
in the tiansportation ot the mails between San Antonio,
Texas, and El Pat-o, Texas, tor the conveyance of the en-
tire United States mail, m-weekly, m ten days' time, be-
tween New Orleans, Louisiana, and El Paso, Texas, for a
compilation nut to exceed $300,000 per annum, the con-
tract to continue lor the same length oi time as the service
piovided tor m the loi cgoing sections.
Sec. 4. Jind be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
discontinue so much ot route *1^57$, known as the liutter-
field & Co contract, as is now being performed between
St. Louis, Missouri, Memphis, Tennessee, and El Paso,
Texas; and to improve the service between El Paso,
T«*Aa>, and San Francisco, California, to tri-weeklv, in ten
days7 time, carrying the entire United States mail, with
permission to the contractor to makeasteamer connection
on the Pacific, at a compensation not to exceed $$00,000
per annum, the contract to continue lor the same length of
time a& the contracts provided for in the foregoing sec-
tions.
Sec. 5. And be it fuithcr enacted, That the conti actors on
route M-J578 shall lie allowed the turn of $100,000, an liqui-
dating damages lor alteration of their contract: Provided,
They accept, within thirty day* attci the parage of tins
act, the feci vices as icgulated b)< -section iointh.
Sec. 6. Ann be it fwither enacted, That should tiie con-
tractors on route *12578 tail to accept, as piovided in sec-
tion live, tneu the contiactor on route *80i6 shall be ex-
tended through from El Pa-^o to San ifiancibco: Provided,
He will undertake the service according to the pioviaions
or section four.
Sec. 7. Jliid be U further enacted, That the cost of service
authorized in this act snail be paid quarteiiy by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, upon the ceitiheate of service from
the Post Office Department.
See. 8. And be itfarther enacted, That the contractors on
the overland mail routes herein provided lor shall have
the privilege of forwarding printed matter, semi-monthly,
at a scln dule of tlj^irty days.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed to
roodity the contract with the contractors now peilormnig
service on ioute  *1:2543 and *1:2555, so as to provide toi
the conveyance of the entire United States mail in lour-
horsc coaches, daily, at a schedule of seven days, from
April 1 to December 1, and fourteen days the lemainder ot
the year, fioin Saeianientn, via Yreka, Jacksonville, Uo>e-
burg,Oakland, Eugene City, Corvallu, Salem, and Portland,
Oiegou, to OJympia, Washington Terntmy, tor a compen-
sation not to exceed $100,OUt) pur annum, the contiact to
expire September J5, 18G4.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That, should the con-
tractors on routes *8911, "*12b01, *8U"/G, *12543, and "12555
fail to accept, within thirty days, the contracts upon the
terms and conditions provided m this act, then the Post-
master Geneial be, and he is heieby, authonzed and di-
rected to contract with other responsible parties, who will
give good security for the faithtul performance of their con-
tiacts, according to the piovisions of this act.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the service pro-
vided m this act shall commence July 1, of this year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi*. Fitzpat-
iuck in the chair.) Thequestion is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GW1N. Is it in order to move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order.
Mr. HALE. Oh, yes, it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to move to amend an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps it is not strictly in order,
but I believe it is usual to amend either the sub-
stitute or the bill before the whole bill is stricken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that when an amendment is offered, and then
an amendment to that amendment, it is not in
order to offer any additional amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. Is not a substitute for his
amendment in order?
Mr. GREEN. I understand the report of the
2339
committee to be a substitute, and if a substitute,
then an amendment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is an
amendment to an amendment, and therefore no
further amendment is in order.
Mr. GREEN. I understand the committee's
report is a substitute for the whole bill, and we
can perfect either before a vote i« taken by way
of comparison.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire is a substitute.
Mr. GREEN. And the committee's report
was a substitute for the whole bill. We have a
right to perfect the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire to the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his amendment, until we can take a vote
and substitute the bill of the committee for that of
the House.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it cannot b^amended
afterwards.
Mr. HALE. If that is the case, sir, I cannot
amend it afterwards.
Mr. GWIN. I am not acquainted with the
rules of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I desire to state the general fea-
tures of the amendment which 1 have offered.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
would rather state mine.
Mr. HALE. Very well; any way will do for
me.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the object of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, in
reporting the substitute for the House bill, was to
establish a permanent overland mail system to
supersede entirely the ocean service. In order to
do that, the first section provides fora semi-weekly
mail, a letter mail, between St. Joseph, in Mis-
souri, and Piacerviile, in California, to be carried
m twenty days. The service on that route now
is semi-monthly. It was, until it was reduced by
the Posi master General,-weekly. The compensa-
tion for the weekly mail was $320,000; and the time
for the delivery of the mail was thirty-eight days.
The Postmaster General reduccd it to $205,000 for
semi-monthly service; and the time is now thirty-
eight days. That time renders it impossible for
it to carry any letters to the Pacific coast; because,
on the great overland mail, the arrivals are from
within twenty-one to twenty-two days. The
schedule time is twenty-five days. It was pro-
posed to put this service from St. J oseph to Piacer-
viile on the same footing with that of the Butter-
field contract, which was a schedule of twenty-five
days, but they performing the service in about
twenty-two or twenty-two and a half days; and
the addition of the distance fiom St. Louis to St.
Joseph and from Piacerviile to San Francisco
makes it about the same schedule of time. The
object was for these two mails to carry the whole
mail matter on which letter postage was paid be-
tween San Francisco and the Atlantic coast. An-
other provision of the biil requires that printed
matter and franked matter shall be conveyed for
an amount not exceeding $150,000. The commit-
tee, when they inserted that provision, had the
assurance that it could be conveyed as freight on
the steamers for that sum of money; but after-
wards it was ascertained that the owners of those
ships would not let it go as freight. The com-
mittee intended to make another provision in re-
gard to that subject; but the object was to carry
the entire mail, letter and printed matter, inde-
pendent of the ocean steamers.
The second section provides for a semi-weekly
mail from Lake Superior to Puget Sound and the
Columbia river. That is a service to the extreme
Northwest, which is of the greatest consequent e
to those States. It completes the system of over-
land communication, and was intended to supply
all of that region of country, not only with local
mails, but also communications would pass from
the Pacific to the northwestern States.
The third section provides for a daily mail
from Sacramento to Portland, the seats of gov-
ernment of the States of Oregon and California.
The object of that daily service was to supersede
the ocean service in the Pacific ocean, as by the
way of the overland system we intend to super-
sede the ocean service between the Atlantic and
Pacific States. We now have a semi-monthly
contract for carrying the mails by steamships foi?
$122,000, and it was proposed that we should
have a daily inland service, provided it could be
procured for $100,000; a reduction for a daily ser-
vice of $22,000 less than we now pay for semi-
monthly service.
The fourth section contains limitations upon
the contractors, providing that if they do not per-
form the service within the schedule time, they
shall forfeit the pay for the trip when they so
fail; and in the second place, that they shall con-
vey all matter upon which letter postage is paid,
and that the contracts shall expire on the 15th of
September, 1864. Thatis the time when theBut-
terfieJd contract expires. The object was to estab-
lish the whole overland mail system, so that all
the contracts should expireatthe same time; and
by readvertising at the close of these contracts,
there should be competition. In the mean time,
the opening and development of the country will
show where the best routes are, and the compe-
tition on the various routes will give the cheapest
service.
The fifth section is intended to establish a con-
nection between New Orleans and the Butterfield
route, in the State of Texas, north of San Antonio.
On the present local contracts, the schedule of
time is such as to make the mail communication
between New Orleans and California by this
route much longer than it is to send the letters
up to St. Louis. The original contract from San
Antonio to San Diego was thirty days schedule
time, covering four hundred miles in Texas of
the Butterfield overland mail route. That con-
tract has been discontinued by the Postmaster
General. It is proposed to permit the Butterfield
company to discontinue the service from Mem-
phis to Fort Smith, and to bring up the local ser-
vice from Memphis to Fort Smith to the present
schedule time of the overland company, and for
them to put a service from San Antonio at a
shorter schedule time, so as take the mail within
twenty days from New Orleans to San Francisco
by this connection.
The sixth section provides that the whole ex-
pense of this service shall be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States, inasmuch as other
objects are to be accomplished besides the convey-
ance of the mails, such as the opening of the Ter-
ritory and its development. That being the case,
and the service being of rather an unusual char-
acter, it is proposed, instead of having these ap-
propriations annually taken out of the Treasury,
as is the case at present, that they shall be charged
to the Treasury at once, and not be nominally a
charge on the rost Office fund.
The seventh section, as I stated before, pro-
vides that these contracts shall not go into effect
until the contractors agree to convey all printed
and franked matter at an annual expense not ex-
ceeding $150,000. At the time that was inserted
by the committee, responsible parties gave an
assurance, to me at least, and I have no doubt to
other members of the committee, that the whole
printed matter could be conveyed semi-monthly
within the specified time. Subsequently, it was
ascertained to be doubtful whether it could be
done, and we feared that the ocean steamers
might refuse to carry this freight; and it was in-
tended by the committee, in case other amend-
ments had not subsequently been proposed—that
of the Senator from New Hampshire, and that
of my colleague—to alter this section so as to give
a kuger basis on which this printed and franked
matter could be conveyed, so as to makg the sys-
tem complete.
The eighth section gives to the present con-
tractors on these routes the privilege of utking
this service at the increased lates and the in-
creased speed. The object of that was, that hav-
ing their wagons and teams there, they could do
it more speedily; and if the bill had passed at the
time it was reported, or soon thereafter, it was
supposed they could have been prepared by the
1st of June to execute the law as we reported it.
Now, Mr. President, so far as I am concerned
in regard to this whole question, my object is to
provide for the conveyance of the entire mail over-
land across the continent, certainly the whole let-
ter mail. It is a matter of great national policy,
it seems to me, to open all these routes. It has
been demonstrated that there are two of these
