I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ant General Winfield Scott, in reference to the Island of
San Juan, and of Brigadier General William S. Harney,
in command of the department of Oregon.
GOVERNOR STEVENS'S REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer a resolution. At
the last session of Congress, it will be recollected,
an order was made for the printing of Governor
Stevens's exploration for the northern line of rail-
road to the Pacific. This resolution calls for ex-
tra copies:
Resolved. That there be printed, for the use of the Senate,
the same number of extra copies of Governor Stevens's
final report and narrative as lias been printed of the other
reports.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
011 Printing.
BANK ISSUES IN THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. SLIDELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 50) to prohibit the issue of bank notes by-
corporations, associations, or individuals, within
the District of Columbia, and further to prevent
the circulation of bank notes issued by any incor-
porated company or association of individuals
located beyond the limits of the District of Co-
lumbia of a loss denomination than twenty dollars;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state that this bill is,
with some slight modification, the same as the bill
that was reported by the select committee during
the last Congress. I now move that it be referred
to a select committee of five members, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Sli-
dell, Thomson, Toombs, Hale, and Anthony
were appointed.
COMMERCE WITH BRITISH PROVINCES.
Mr. "WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution; and, if there be no objection, I ask for its
present consideration:
Jlcso2rciI,That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to furnish the Senate with a statement of the tuule and
commeicc with the British North Ameiiean Pi*vmees,
annually since 1850, distinguishing Canada trom the other
Piovmces : Total impoits and expoius; impoit-jund exports
in American vessels; imports and exports 111 Buti^h ves-
sels; total tonnage entered and cleared, distmguishmj;
American fioui Bulibh tonnage ; wheat and flour imported
and exported, with quantities and values; corn and other
grains and provisions exported and impoited; lumber of
all kinds imported and exported; domestic manufactuies
exported; foreign goodd exported; duties collected on im-
ports.
There being no objection,the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to include in his resolution
that the Secretary report what has been imported
and exported subject to duty, and what not sub-
ject to duty. I move to amend it by inserting
"subject to duty and those not subject to duty"
after the words u exports and imports."
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that everything that
iss asked for in this resolution appears in the yearly
tables of commerce and navigation that we get
from the Secretary of the Treasury. It is sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts that
lii& resolution covers ten years, and those are only
annual tables. Then I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
THE IIOUMAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. FOSTER. I notice by the Journal*of
Thursday, that I was appointed on the special
committee raised by ord< r of the Senate on the
memorial of certain citizens of Louisiana on the
Houraas land grant, in lieu of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Fussenden.] I must de-
cline serving on that committee, and respectfully
ask of the Senate to excuse me from serving.
Mr. DAVIS. It is quite apparent that special
committees can never be organized, if Senators
without some special reasons may be excused. \
It is certainly a very disagreeable work; it is often- j
times a very painful employment; it not only
draws the Senator away from ordinary and pleas-
ant duties, but devolves on him very frequently
inquires which he would be glad to avoid. I
think, therefore, no Senator has a right to ask to
be excused from serving on a committee of inves-
tigation, unless there be some special reason for it.
Tiie PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Connecticut,
to excuse him from service on the select commit-
tee referred to.
Mr. FOSTER. I must decline serving, with
entire respect to the Senate, and with no disposi-
tion to shirk any ordinary or extraordinary labor
under proper circumstances; but I have reasons
that arc conclusive to me, which would not be
interesting to the Senate, probably, but which are
conclusive reasons, that compel me to decline. I
am by no means disposed to shirk my portion of
the labor of the Senate, whether pleasant or un-
pleasant; but, under the circumstances, I must
declinc, and I ask the Senate to excuse me.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I now move, then, that the
committee stand at four. It may as well be four
as five. There has been one substitute already.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. DIXON. I move to reconsider the vote of
the Senate, passed on Thursday last, by which
the President's message was referred to the Com-
mittee on printing; and on that motion I wish to
submit a few observations.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to call up the reso-
lution which 1 offered some days ago, and which
was'laid over because I understand the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Greek,] who has been pre-
vented from attending the Senate by illness, is pre-
pared to speak this morning. I am put in a dilem-
ma about it. I think he is entitled to be heard on
that resolution, and unless the Senator from Con-
necticut insists on proceeding, I shall feel bound
to ask that the Senator from Missouri may be
heard. He proposes to reply to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Connecticut is in order.
Mr. BROWN It cannot be considered to-day,
if it is objected to. It is in the form of a resolu-
tion, and theieforc I insist that, while the Senator
may submit the motion, it cannot be considered
to-day if any Senator objects to its consideration.
I say in all kindness to the Senator from Con-
necticut, m making that objection, that the Sen-
ator from Missouri, who has been detained from
the Senate for some days on account of ill health,
is desirous to address the Senate on the subjcct of
the resolution which was offered by the Senator
from Ohio; and I do not like to see him postponed.
If the motion made by the Senator from Connec-
ticut cannot properly be considered if a single ob-
jection postpones it, in all kindness to him I make
that objection.
Mr. GIIEEN. So far as it concerns myself I
shall not persist. I can make the remarks that I
design m-ikhiic at any time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The opinion
of the Chair is that the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut is m order, and is a privileged mo-
tion, and cannot be postponed on a single objec-
tion.
Mr. DIXON. The portion of the message of
the President of the United States on which [now
propose to address the Senate, is that in which
lie recommends the passage of a bill for the pay-
ment of the claimants in what is known as the
Amistad case. I propose tosnbmit my views on
the subject at this time, while the message is under
discussion, believing that I shall now be more
likely to draw the attention of the Senate to the
merits of the case than at a later stage of the ses-
sion, when other subjects of greater importance
may occupy the minds of Senator,?. The Piesi-
dent brmgN the question to our notice m the follow-
ing language:
1 azam loeommend that an apptopnation be mad^ L to
he paid to the Spanish Government for the pmpo.-o oi'd;-- ||
tribution among the claimants In the Ainis-tml case ' In >!
common vvtth twoot my piedecesHor*. j cnteitam no doubt j
that this is requued by our treaty with Spam of tho Q7th j[
October, 379o. The failure to di?chaiue this obligation h.v !,
been employed by the cabmetofMadiidasaieasona^ain&t j;
the settlement of our claims." ||
It is almost twenty years since ;h^ date of the j|
occurrences which gave rise to the, claim thus j;
recommended to the favorable consideration of j!
Congress in the message before us. A pait ol ;!
these occurrences took place in the State of Con- /
nectieut, and those of the actors therein who were \\
of the African race were for some time imprisoned j;
in that State. The circumstances connected wnh
their capture, their habits and mode of life, and, j
to some extent, their subsequent history, became j1
familiar to many of my constituents. Hence, the j!
question now presented is one of peculiar interest :
to them, not merely because it is somewhat related
to the controversy between the North and the South
on the subject of slavery, but because the facts on
which it is founded, ana the principle it involves,
were, at the outset, brought to their notice, and,
for the long period I have mentioned, have from
time to time claimed their attention.
I propose to examine this question, Mr. Presi-
dent, without much reference to certain exciting
topics which might be brought within the range
of this discussion. I shall treat the subject in the
spirit in which it might have been treated in 1839,
when there was comparatively little excitement,
cither at the North or the South, on the subject
of slavery. At that time, legal process was ex-
ecuted upon the Africans of the Amistad, without
causing the slightest manifestation of feeling. No
one thought, for a moment, of resisting, exccpt
by legal means, the attempt to return them to the
bondage from which they nad escaped. The only
inquiry was as to their state and condition, under
the Spanish law and our own; and in the decision
of a competent tribunal all were willing to acqui-
esce.
The main facts in the case are as follows: In the
year 1839, a Spanish ship, laden with Mendian
negroes, kidnapped in Africa, was, in violation of
Spanish law, brought into Havana. Two Span-
iards, named Ruis and Montez, purchased about
fifty of these negroes, with a full knowledge of
their true character and condition, and attempted
to convey them on board the Spanish schooner
L'Ami.stad to the port of Principe, distant from
Havana about three hundred miles. On the pas-
sage to Principe, the negroes rose, took possession
of the vessel, killed the captain and cook, sent
part of the crew ashore, and placing Montez at
the helm, compelled him to steer for Africa. This
he did in the day time, when the negroes could
judge of their course and direction by the sun, but
at night he steered northward, turning the vessel
again eastward before daylight. At the end of
three or four weeks, they had readied the shores
of Long Island, having been drifted northward by
the Gulf stream. Here a few of the negroes, ig-
norant as they were of the place, and scarcely
competent to do anything to provide for them-
selves, driven by hunger and thirst, went ashore
in search of food and water. The vessel was soon
discovered, and was* taken possession of, at the
request of lluis and Montez, by Lieutenant Ged-
ney, of the United States brig Washington, who
was at that time employed in the coast survey.
Lieutenant Gedney took the Amistad to New Lon-
don. Montez and Ruis, claiming to be the owners
of the negroes and the schooner, were set at lib-
erty. while the adult Africans were committed to
prison, and the children, of whom there were four,
and the cabin boy, named Antonio, were held as
witnesses. ^
An attempt was made to indict the negroes in
the State of Connecticut, for murder and piracy.
From the testimony of Montez before the grand
jury summoned by the district court, it fully ap-
peared that the prisoners were not by the laws of
Spam slaves, hut wore illegally restrained, and
were entitled to their freedom. The negroes were
shown to be totally unacquainted with the lan-
guage of any civilized people, unable to express
their ideas intelligibly, or to understand any com-
munication, except by signs; though a Mendian
African was at length found in New York who
could converse with them. The grand jury, after
a full investigation, refused to find a bill of indict-
ment.
The vessel, with the negroes on board, having
been brought by Lieutenant Gedney into the dis-
trict of Connecticut, was there, by him, libeled
for salvage in the district court of the United
States. A libel for salvage was also filed by other
parties, who claimed to have aided in saving the
ship by arresting the negroes on shore. On the
18th day of September, 1839, Ruis and Montez
filed claims and libels, in which they asserted the
ownership of the negroes as their slaves, and of
certain parts of the cargo, and prayed that the
same might be delivered to them, or to the repre-
sentative of her Catholic Majesty, the Q,ueen of
Spain, as might be most proper. On the 29th of
September, the district attorney of the United
States for the district of Connecticut filed an in-
formation, or libel, setting forth the claim of the
Spanish Government under the treaty of 1795,
renewed in 1821.
