THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
So the rules were suspended; arid the bill was
brought Isefore the House for consideration.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
. _A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill (No.
*474) to provide for the payment of the claim of
J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and
Hugh Stewart; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
HARKIET S. WYMAN-^—AGAIN.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the bill in the
fifth line by substituting " fifty" for 44 twenty,"
so that the pension shall be at the rate of fifty dol-
lars per month, instead of twenty dollars. It is
tfie correction of a mere typographical error.
Mr. BRANCH. It is for the correction of a
typographical error, the gentleman says. I would
Jike to ask the gentleman whether the bill, as re-
ported, contained " fifty" or u twenty ?"
Mr. RICE. The bill was amended in the Com-
mittee of the "Whole by substituting "fifty" for
44 twenty."
Mr. DELANO. I can explain the matter to
the satisfaction of the House m one word.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is that in order?
Mr. BRANCH. I asked a legitimate question
for information.
Mr. DELANO. I will occupy the floor no
further than is necessary for explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is what I
object to.
Mr. DELANO. This bill was before the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, reported by Mr.
Fenton. He then stated to the committee that
it was a mere clerical error; that " twenty" bad
b tten putin the bill by mistake, instead of" fifty;"
that the law knows no such rate of pension as
twenty dollars per month for services of the grade
held by her husband. Upon that statement, the
Committee of the Whole adopted the amendment
inserting 44 fifty" in the place of44 twenty."
Mr. COX. Why should the pension go back
to 1854?
Mr. DELANO. Because, upon the true con-
struction of the law, where a naval officer dies in
the service in consequence of disease contracted
in the line of his duty, his widow shall have a
jpension from the day of his death; and to make
this pension twenty dollais per month would put
this widow upon an unequal footing: with all other
widows of officers who have died in the service.
Mr. BRANCH. It appears, then, that what
the gentleman who moved this amendment spoke
of as a typographical error, is not an error at all;
that the Committee on Pensions adopted44 twenty''
dollars as the proper sum, but that they subse-
quently considered the matter, and agreed to sub-
stitute "fifty" in lieu of it.
The gentleman says he wishes to make a change,
because there is no such pension known to the
law as " twenty" dollars a month for that grade
of service. I undertake to say, that if no such
pension is known to the law as twenty dollars a
month, this is a most extraordinary amount, and
that there are but few cases in the whole of our
legislation in which we have granted fifty dollars
a month for that grade of scrvice.
In addition to that, I wish to call the attention
of the House to anothermatter. The gentleman
proposes to carry this pension back to 1854.
There will be thus about seven years5 back pe'n-
sion under the bill; and you will therefore give
to this party, to start with, $4,200, and then $600
per annum for the balance of her life. The whole
purpose of the pension system is perverted by
this practice of giving back pensions, and voting
into the pockets of parties large sums of money,
in the nature of arrears.
The object of the pension system of the Gov-
ernment, and the sole object of it, is to support
in comfort, when they are unable to take care of
themselves, old soldiers and their widows and
families, who have suffered in the service of the
country. It never was the design of those who
originated this pension system to make any sol-
dieroranysoldiers'widowsorheirs rich by voting
Jarge sums into their pockets on the pretense of
firrearages of pension.
Mr. RICE. The bill asks nothing more than
what the law allows to officers of the rank which
was held by Captam Wyman.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the law allow arrearages
for seven years back ?
Mr. RICE. I understand that it does.
Mr. BRANCH. Then why is this case brought
before Congress, instead of being taken to the Pen-
sion department?
Mr. RICE. That I cannot explain, sir. My
colleague [Mr. Delano] will explain it.
Mr, BRANCH. Well, now, I submit to the
House whether, when the House is on the eve of
passing a bill, and a member gets up and asks a
legitimate question of the gentleman reporting the
bill, and he cannot explain the bill and cannot
give any information, that is not proof that we
are passing bills here now unwisely, and without
any of that sort of information which we ought
to have before acting on them ? We may, in a
day's session, such as this, establish precedents
committing the Government to hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars; and those precedents may be
established because gentlemen have not informa-
tion and those having charge of the bills are not
prepared to furnish the information necessary to
understand them.
Mr. DELANO. I am surprised that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina should say that we
are not ready to give him information. I have
stated that the chairman of the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, who reported this bill, stated in
Committee of the Whole House, when it was
under consideration, that it was a mere clerical
error—that the committee reported twenty dollars
instead of fifty dollars. The gentleman knows,
and every member of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions knows, that the rate of pension is grad-
uated according to the rank of the officer. The
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
the moment that he discovered his error, corrected
the bill; he brought it to the notice of the House,
and the House,by a vote of eighty to some thirty,
adopted the amendment; and they adopted it be-
cause the chairman of the committee intimated
that there was no such pension known as a pen-
sion of twenty dollars, or anything short of fifty
dollars, for the; lank of post captain in the Navy.
If the House should reject this amendment, they
would place the widow of this officer upon an in-
equality with the widows of all other naval offi-
cers of the same rank who have died since the
pension law was enacted. I appeal to the sense
of justice of gentlemen, and ask if that is right?
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman expresses
surprise 
Mr. DELANO. I have not done yet. I think
I have satisfied the House that the amount pro-
posed by the amendment is right. Now, as to
the reason for going back, it is because the gen-
eral law says that, when a naval officer has died
in the discharge of his duty, his widow shall be
entitled to the pension appropriate to his rank
from the time of his decease. Now, this widow
comes here and shows to the committee and to
this House that her husband served from 1810,
through the war of 1812, down to 1854, and was
as faithful an officer as ever trod the deck of a
man-of-war; and since that time she has been
seeking, first fiom the Pension department, and
now from Congress, the pension appropriate to
her husband's rank.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to ask one question.
If this rate of pension is allowed to the widows
of officers of this rank, what is the need of special
legislation ?
Mr. DELANO. I will explain that. She comes
here for the same reason that three fourths of
those who apply for pensions at the Department
are turned over here for relief, instead of leceiving
the relief that is due to them from the Department.
Mr. HOARD. Is there any lawgiving a pen-
sion of fifty dollars?
Mr. DELANO. There is a law giving fifty
dollars a month to a captain of the Navy; and I
challenge any gentleman familiar with the pen-
sion laws to controvert this. There is no ques-
tion about that.
Mr. BCJFFINTON. I cail the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH. I have the floor, T only
yielded it temporarily. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts expresses surprise that I should say
that gentlemen are not prepared to give informa-
tion. Why, sir, I have yielded him the floor for
the purpose of getting an answer to the question
that I propounded, 1 have allowed him to con-
sume as much time as he desired, in order that
he might give a response to the question I pro-
pounded, arid he has not yet answered it.
Mr. DELANO. Well, what is it, sir ?
Mr. BRANCH. The question that I pro-
pounded was, why, if this is a meritorious case,
does this widow have to come to Congress ?
Why does not she go before the Commissioner of
Pensions ? In reply, the gentleman says, for the
same reason that brings here two thirds of the
cases that do come before'Congress.
Mr. DELANO. Does the gentleman desire
an answer to his question now ?
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to know what
that reason is. The reason, according to my ob-
servation, that brings parties before Congress in
this sort of way,is,t£iat they either have no cases
at all, or they cannot make out their cases by
any testimony that any responsible officer of this
Government will accept. They come before Con-
gress because, upon days and occasions like this,
they can get their bills through on testimony that
no responsible man, no responsible officer of the
Government, would accept as sufficient to pass the
case. It appears that this case has been taken up
by this House once before in the Committee of
the Whole House. The gentleman says that, in
the Committee of the Whoie House, the bill was
amended so as to increase the amount from twenty
to fifty dollars per month. Why did not the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, when it had the bill
up, and when it could not be cut off by any point
of order, or in any other way; when the friends
of the bill had it in their power to press it through—
why was it that, after it had been amended, it
was allowed to fall until here, on the eve of the
close of the session, when the House is in confu-
sion, when it is impossible for two thirds of the
members to know what is being done, it is brought
up on a motion to suspend the rules with a view
to put it on its passage? When it was in the
Committee of the Whole House, we had an op-
portunity to discuss it. Was it discussed there,
and exposed in such a way as to show the House
that it ought not to pass? I have no recollection
of the case; but the circumstances aie very well
calculated to make us believe that the Committee
of the Whole House did not think it a meritori-
ous claim, and was not willing to pass it. It has
been kept back until it can be got through the
House in this way, when it is utterly impossible
for us to legislate intelligibly andunderstandingly;
and when I call upon the gentleman who has
culled up this bill, and has moved to put it upon
its passage, to give the reasons why it is a mer-
itorious case, and why this party did not get a
pension at the Department, he is still unable to
tell us, or does not tell us, why it should puss.
My experience at the Pension Office—and I
have, perhaps, had as little experience there as
almost any gentleman upon this floor; but the
few transactions I have had at that office have im-
pressed me with the belief—and I take pleasure
in stating it herq, publicly—that the gentleman at
the head of that office, fyith whom I have no per-
sonal acquaintance, cxcept from a few official cuils
made on business, is one of the most intelligent,
faithful, and prompt officers of this Government.
I do not believe that just and good claims, that
are supported by testimony that a responsible
officer ought to regard, will be rejected by him;
and when I find cases here before Congress, un-
less genttemcn can give sufficient reasons why
they should pass, if they have been rejected at
that office, I am bound to presume that it must
be for want of merit. I now yield the floor.
Mr. DELANO. I thought 1 had answered
every objection made by the gentleman fiom
North Carolina. I will state to the gentleman
the reason why the bill did not pass in Commit-
tee of the Whole House when the amendment
was made. It was because, just at that point
when everybody supposed that the bill would
pass because of its great merits, a gentleman on
the other side of the House, who has been ol'tener
on the floor objecting to bills of this character
than any other gentleman, rose and said, at the
last moment, 441 object-," and that is the honor-
able gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jones.] That
is the only reason that I know of why it has not
passed.
Now, sir, in reply to the remark of the gen-
tleman, that this claim was not allowed in the
Pension Office, I will merely say that I am per-
