1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
iutions, for the purpose of proceeding with the
overland mail bill; and I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
I he yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS -Messrs. Chandler, Dixon, Gwin, Hale, Harlan,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Wade, and Wilson—12.
N4YS-Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bingham,
Bright, Brown, Chesnut, Clark, Clay, Clingman, Collamer,
Davis, Jessenden, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Green, Grimes,
Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Ken-
nedy, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Thomson, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wigfall, and Yulee—37.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not agreed to; and the resolutions of the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] are before the Sen-
ate, on which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, itis not
my purpose to make a speech. 1 have no pre-
/ pared speech, nor any preparation for a speech.
I desire only to express my views in relation to
certain particular questions that have been pre-
sented with some prominencein the course of this
long debate; and one of the most interesting and
important of those questions is that which a fleets
the relation existing between a territorial govern-
ment and the Government of the United States.
It is supposed by some, as it seems, that those
territorial governments, when organized under the
authority of Congress, have certain independent
powers of their own, not conferred, but inherent
m them, as asortof sovereignty or political power
independent of any that may have been conferred
by express delegation of Congress.
My idea upon that subject, Mr. President, with-
outashadowof doubt,is that a territorial govern-
ment is the mere creature of Congress, made and
fashioned by Congress as it pleases, with what
function^ it pleases, with what power it thinks
proper to confer; that all these powers are liable
to be resumed at any time, or to be fashioned and
controlled and changed at the pleasure of Con-
gress, and according to its discretion. Of course,
there is no sovereignty or particle of sovereignty
inthe Territory; all is a mere delegation of power,
and is in subordination at all times to the Congress
of the United States. I know of no sovereignty
in this country, no supreme political power, ex-
cept that originally vested in the people of the
United States. They are the natural depositaries,
they are the natural owners of everything like
supreme power or sovereignty. They have, to
form this Government, delegated a certain portion
of that sovereignty to the Congress of the United
States. The whole, then, of this sovereignty,
exists, as to that part not delegated, in the people.
As to that part which they have delegated, that
is in Congress; and here is the disposition of the
whole sovereign supreme power of this country.
None has been delegated to any one else. None,
certainly, has been delegated to the territorial gov-
ernments. . -
They arc, as I first stated, the mere creatures
of Congress, without any power, any function,
except what Congress, by the act establishing
that government, has pleased to grant; and that
always held at the arbitrament of Congress itself.
There can be none other. There is 110 place in
our written system of laws for it. The people is
the original and the natural source of all this sov-
ereignty. All remains in them except what they
have granted. They have granted no portion of
it except to the General Government. Certainly,
they have granted none to the territorial govern-
ments. The whole practical sovereignty of the
country over its Territories is vested m the Con-
gress of the United States then; what they have
granted to the Territories belongs to the Terri-
tories, and nothing more. That is my idea on
this subject. Congress, in constituting the terri-
torial government, may grant just so much as it
pleases of the power of legislation, and any other
power to govern, to the territorial government;
and the territorial government may exercise what-
ever is granted to it. If Congress had the power,
for instance, of expelling or excluding slavery
from the Territories, they might grant even that
to the territorial government.
Not wasting any more time upon this subject,
I wish to call the. attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment to a calm consideration of the real griev-
ance at which these resolutions are aimed, and for
the correction of which they are intended. "What
is that, sir ? The grievance complained of is that
slave property in the Territories is left, not only
without adequate protection, or may be left with-
out adequate protection, but may be left to meas-
ures of the territorial government impairing the
right of property in slaves. That is the grievance.
It is an apprehension that the Territories will not
give laws adequate to the protection of such prop-
erty, but on the contrary may act against that
property by hostile or unfriendly legislation. That
is the apprehended evil. I believe my honorable
friend from Mississippi, whointroduced these res-
olutions, did at the time he proposed them admit
that there existed now no actual grievance calling
for the interposition of this Government.
Mr. DAVIS. As my friend from Kentucky
refers to me, I would merely say that I did not
intend either to admit or deny the fact. I consid-
ered the declaration of principle to be coeternal
with the existence of our Government, and co-
extensive with the whole country, not necessarily
dependent upon the particular fact in relation to
any particular locality; and neither intended to
admit or deny.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand the gen-
tleman now. The amendment which is proposed,
and which is now the immediate subject of debate,
declares that there is no such existing grievance
at the present moment. It is, then, according to
the resolution itself, an apprehended or prospect-
ive mischief aganst which the power of this Gov-
ernmentis to be invoked for the purpose of secur-
ing that description of property in the Territories.
As the territorial government has no sovereign or
independent right to act on this subject, the Su-
pieme Court of the United States having determ-
ined that every citizen of the United States may
go into that Territory carrying his slaves with
him, and holding them there, my opinion is, that
the Constitution is to protect that property which
it has authorized to go there. Of course, that is a
logical conclusion. It seems to me it is unques-
tionable. To assert my right to go there, to carry
my property there, and to enjoy that property, and
then to say there is anybody stronger or mightier
or more sovereign than the Constitution that can
take from me that which the Constitution says I
shall have and enjoy, or shall expel me from the
place where the Constitution says I may go, I can
imagine nothing so inconsistent and so contradic-
tory. I say, therefore, when the proper or extreme
case occurs; when property going thereunder the
sanction of the Constitution, as interpreted by the
Supreme Court of the United States, shall require
such interposition, that it is the duty of Congress
to interpose and grant protection. Give it, and
give it adequately. That is my opinion.
Eut still there is much to be considered in re-
lation to this subject. When your property goes
there; when it constitutes a part of the political
community; and when a limited control overthat
property is given to a territorial government, who
is to make police laws to regulate such property?
Is it not, in every case, a question of expediency,
whether this Government will interfere? Here
is a community made up of citizens differing in
opinion, as we do, upon this subject of slavery;
here is ample power to pass all police laws, and
all laws for the internal government of the coun-
try, blacks as well as whites included. When is
Congress to interfere? Is there any case now
demanding an interference? This resolution sup-
poses not; I suppose not. I suppose that there
is no existing case in which Congress would think
it wise or expedient now to interfere by the ex-
ercise of its admitted power of interposition when
necessary. Would it be policy in Congress to
j interpose except in an extreme case? The ground
uj on which you would interfere must be made
i up of a variety of circumstances, to be judged of
! at the time. What is the difficulty in the in-
I teiference' What is the state of things existing
! in the Territory? What is the opposition likely
to ensue from the people of the Territory ? What
is the magnitude of the evil which you are to
correct? Is it a very small one, likely soon to
pass away? Is it of such magnitude as to require
your interposition? These are considerations that
must always enter into that question of expedi-
ency when it is presented to Congress; and it is
grateful to me to be able to say, as gentlemen
seem to admit here, that there is now no neces-
sity for such an interposition. Exact right may
not be done; exact treatment may not be extended
to slaveholders in Territories where there is a.
great majority of Republicans; but still they are
not of such magnitude as to justify a great na-
tional movement on the subject. There is a maxim
that it is better that a particular wrong should be
endured than a great public inconvenience in-
curred. That is the law at least, whether to be
applied literally or not. I quote it merely as a
warning to us not to interfere upon too slight
grounds. I admit the right to interfere; I admit
even the duty to interfere when ,the proper case
is presented; but that proper case must be an ex-
treme one to require the exercise of an extreme
power on our part. The evil at best, in a terri-
torial government, is a temporary one. It likely
will not consist in more than a few individual
instances or cases. The question of the right of
such property to be held and to exist in a Terri-
tory is so firmly established .that'I cannot con-
ceive any Territorial Legislature will, so far, con-
sider itself warranted in usurping the power of
expelling the slaves which the Constitution has
said, by interpretation of the Federal court, to
be sure, may be carried and may be held there.
That would require only that we should repeal
that law. That 1 would be perfectly willing to do.
I think therefore, sir, if there is no case exist-
ing now, it will be stilliess likely to exist here-
after. All this debate, all this earnest and zealous
and heated controversy is merely in prospect of
an evil which is only apprehended. None exists.
When is it likely to exist, and where? With
every day I trust the danger of such a necessity
is diminished. Kansas will soon be taken from
the class of territorial governments. Where are
we likely to have any such difficulty as that which
these resolutions apprehend, of an assault made
by Territorial Legislatures upon slavery within
their Territories? Are there any slaves in Wash-
ington? Will there be any question about slavery
in Utah ? In New Mexico ? Why, sir, these are
not regions to which you could by invitation carry
slavery. Well, where is there to be a Territory
hereafter formed in which any controversy what-
ever about slavery is likely to arise? Kansas dis-
posed of, does there remain any territory to which
slavery if invited would go ? I know of none. I
will not affirm it is so exactly in regard to every
portion of our territory; but I believe there is
none of sufficient importance to form a State which
would be at all acceptable to the slaveholders, if
permitted without the least hin'derance to take pos-
session ofit. They can find a moregenial climate,
and a better soil on which to employ this labor.
There is, then, not only no actual existing evil,
but there is no prospect of any. Why, then, at
such a time, should the country be'agitated by the
prospect of such a distant evil ? The evil of the
day is enough; and, it seems to me, if this be so,
we are making a present evil out of an apprehen-
sion of a future one, and that future one never
likely to occur. Should we quarrel now, as a
nation,about remedies forevils thatdo not exist?
Shall we quarrel about remedies for evils that not
only do not exist, but which it is not probable
ever will exist? Is that wisdom? When shall
we be freed from trouble, if this be the course of
policy to be pursued ? If it is said to be wise to
look far ahead of us to anticipate evil, and by an-
ticipating it, preventing it, the question is, shall
we anticipate the evil for the purpose of making a
quarrel over it now—a quarrel over a future cause
of quarrel that we barely apprehend, and which
may never occur? I want the people of the United
States to understand this thing. I want the slave-
holder to know, that though there may be slave-
holders and slaves in Territories now existing,
and territorial governments now existing, ye t there
has occurred no necessity for the interposition of
this Government; that all, so far, has gone on well
and quietly enough under the domestic legislation
of the Territory.
Sir, when, in 1854, that great measure of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise was adopted
by the Congress of the United States, one of its
promised benefits was, that it should remove from
the Halls of Congress, and from all national con-
troversy or discussion, the question of slavery.
That was supposed to be one of the benefits that
would result. It was to transfer all those ques-
tions to the Territories; make them local instead
of national questions; making the disturbance
