1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
suaded the case was never considered in the Pen-
sion Office; not because they had not evidence
enough before them, but because they were un-
willing to consider it. The question for this House
to determine is whether this naval officer died in
the line of his duty. Now, sir, the evidcncc is
this: that lie entered the service in 1810; that he
was in the war of 1812; that he was a well man
down to 1850; that then he was sent to an East
India station, and that, from his exposure there,
and his sudden transfer to the naval station in the
extreme northeast of the country, at Kittery,
Maine, he contracted the disease of winch he
died. There were four surgeons who testified to
the fact that he died from disease contracted in the
line of his duty.
Mr. BRANCH. Was the testimony of those
four physicians submitted to the Commissioner
of Pensions?
Mr. DELANO. I presume so.
Mr. BRANCH. If it was, I should like to
know on what ground he rejected the claim?
Mr. DELANO. The claim was rejected at the
Pension Office, as I understand it, upon the ground
that the evidence did not show specifically the
cxact time when the disease was contracted and
all the circumstances connected with its being con-
tracted. A more absurd and preposterous prop-
osition, it seems to me, was never made.
Mr. BRANCH. Then 1 understand the fact to
be this: this case was brought before the Com-
missioner of Pensions, and the application rejected
because the testimony was not sufficient to estab-
lished the facts on which a pension could be legally
based. And this House is called on to reverse
the decision of thcCommissioner upon this insuf-
ficient evidence.
Mr.DELANO. Thecommissioner rejected it,
because he was too lazy to consider it. I believe
that is the tine state of facts.
Mr. RICE demanded the previous question.
Mr. JONES. Before the previous question is
seconded, 1 desire to say one word. The gentlc-
*man from Massachusetts has seen proper to read
me a lecture for objecting to this bill. I say to
the gentleman that' I thank him for the compli-
ment, and that I have not only objected to this
bill, but to a great many other stealing bills. The
very fact that they could not get their cases be-
fme the Departments is prima facie evidence that
they are not good cases. Whenever 1 have ob-
jected to such bills, I am not only willing to take
the responsibility of the act, but I am proud of
the honor.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 56, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Charles F Adams Aldneh, Allo%. Bing-
ham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blan, Blake, Biab-on,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngunie, Buniham,'Buuetfield,
Campbell, Carter, Caj>e, Horace F. Clai k, Colia\, [I. Wm-
tei Davi^. John G. Davis, DHauo, Duell, EJmiimU-on. Ed-
ward*, Eliot, Ely, Foriy, Fo*t 'i. Fiank. Qoorh, Gtow,
Gurley, Hale, Hehmck. William Howard* Hughes Hum-
phrey, Ilutcluns Fianctb \V. Kellogg, Kiilinger. DeWitt (J.
Leach, Loomi-, Maclay, Maiston, McKean, McKnight,
MePhc «son. Million, Mooihead, Morrill. Edward Joy Mot-
ris.Ncl^on. Palmer, Pettit, Porter,Potter, Rice, Hm-topher
Kolmisoti. Royee, Scranton, Sherman, Sp.nner, Stanton,
Stevens, Stoker, Stout, Suatton, Tappan, The.ikei. Van-
dover. Van Wvck, Veiroe, Wade, Walton, Kllihu 15.
Washliurno, Isiaei, VVai.hbnm, and Woodruff—-77.
NAY?*—Mcssis. Allen, Avery, P.ocook, Bonhnrn. Bovce,
Brand). Biistmv, Burnett, Caiev. Clapton, Cobb, Cox, Bur-
ton Cuuge, Curry. Ensii>h, Etheiid^e, Gatnctt Gaitrell,
Gilmer, John T. Hani's Ilatton, Ihll, Hoard, Jloiwon,
Jenkins, Joaer-. Keitt, Lamhum, Lauab^p. Jamp* M.
Loach, Leake, Love, Malloiv. Mavnard, MeUueen. Mile-,
Ni    " 
Re
N , - ,
landigham, Vance, VVell.s, and Wlight—56
So the amendment was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced, Mr. Howard,
of Michigan, stated that he harl paired with Mr.
Crawford on this vote.
Mr. MAYNARDsaid that, upon examination,
he had been unable to find any law granting fifty
dollars a month pension to the widow of a naval
officer, and he should therefore be compelled to
vote " no."
Mr. McQJJEEN stated that Mr. Ashmore and
Mr. Ivilgoke had paired lor the day,
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Loach, Leake, Love, iviaiioiy. :uaynam, ;ur<au<jen. -n in--,
Niblack, Pendleton, Pejton, Phelps Pi>or, Pugh,Qnarles,
Reagan, RiggS Rnfijn, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. II. Smith, Stalhvmth, Jame> \. Stewart, Thomas, Val-
Thc bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a thirdtime;and beingengrossed,
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like the consent of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to strike out so
much of the bill as makes the pension date from
1854, and allow it to commence with the current
year, so as to make it conform to all the other
pension bills. If the bill is so amended, I will not
object to it.
Mr. RICE. The bill has been read the third
time, and cannot be amended. I move the previ-
ous question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only eight
voting therefor.
The hill was passed.
Mr. RICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 807) to authorize the reissue of land war-
rants in certain cases, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
J. B. DADE.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, Thai the Clotk bcdiiceted to pay to J. B. Dade
thice dollars per day dfiring his service, deducting the
$1 50 pei day which has been heietoiore paid hun.
Mr. ALLEN. I object to that resolution. This
man has already been paid $1 50 a day for per-
forming no useful service.
Mr. EDMUNDSON moved to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken; and the Speaker de-
cided the rules were not suspended.
Mr. EDMUNDSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDSON called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not oidered.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on suspend-
ing the rules.
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
having voted therefor.)
AIR-TIGHT MAIL BAGS.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 519, authorizing
and directing the Postmaster General to purchase
and test H. Allen's water-proof and air-tight mail
basrs.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will not the Post-
master General authorize the purchase of such
bags as the Post Office wants? Is it necessary
then to direct the Executive Departments in this
way '■
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. BUEfNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the Post-
master General to purchase of Harvey Allen, of
Wisconsin, water and air-tight mail bags, provided
the cost of the bags shall not exceed ten dollars
each for the various siz,es required for the postal
service, and the purchase shall be of an equal
number of each size; and provided the bags shall
be water and air-tight, with self-locking steel
clasps, tongued and grooved, and delivered with-
out further cost or charge at such point in the
United States as the Postmaster General shall di-
rect; and it provides that upon receiving the first
thousand of the mail bags, the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall put them into service upon the Califor-
nia and such other mail-routes as will best test
their compaiative meats with the mad bags now
m use,
It appears from the report that Mr. Allen in-
vented a water-proof andair-tightmail bag,which
he exhibited to the Postmaster General in the
spring of 1852, and asked to have it introduced'
into the public service. Mr. Hall, then Post-
master General, referred the subject-to Mr". W,
A. Bradley, then postmaster at Washington city,
who reported that from the experiments he had:
witnessed with this bag, it was an improvement
on the bags used in thepublicservice,and recom-
mended their introduction on the California routes,
Mr. Bradley testifies that he distinctly recollects
that he examined the subject by request of the
Postmaster General, Hall, and afterwards fur-
nished an estimate to Mr. Allen of the number2
and size of the bags required on the California
routes, at the request of Mr. Hall, who, in a few
days thereafter, retired from the Department, and
was succeeded by Mr. Hubbard. Mr. Bradley
says he supposed, from what He remembers, that
Mr. Allen had received orders from the Depart-
ment to manufacture the number of ba^s required,
for the California service, and had deceived' the
reward due to his ingenuity." When referred to
afterwards, Mr. Hall only recollects agreeing to
test the utility of Allen's mail bags on the Cali-
fornia route, but is quite clear that he did $O't
enter on any contract with him which justified
largo expenditures, relying upon reimbursements
from the Department. After Mr. Hubbard cam$
into office, he said the article was much needed,
and he would secure enough to test them, and if
they proved satisfactory,he would adopt them on
the mail route to California.
It seems that, under these assurances, as Mr.
Allen understood them, he went on to manufac-
ture a quantity of his mail bags of the size adapted
to the California service, and to prepare himself
for the manufacture of the article on an extensive
scale. Something like four thousand were esti-
mated to be necessary for said service, according
to the understanding of Mr. Allen; and he had'
prepared to enter at once on the preparation of
this quantity, by budding a rolling-mill to roll the
steel for the clasps and locks of the bags, and to
procure material and tools, all of which cost him
some fifteen thousand dollars, according to his es-
timate. After Mr. Campbell succeeded Mr. Hub-
bard, as Postmaster General, Mr. Allen brought
to the Department about two hundred of the bags
finished, but Mr. Campbell refused to ratify the
contract attributed to Hall and Hubbard, or fo
take any of the mad bags from Allen, or to make
him compensation therefor, but broke up prior
engagements by his predecessors with Mr. Allen,
and left him, w'ith all his fixtures and materials,
finished and unfinished, on hand, to make such
disposition thereof as he could.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 63; as follows:
TEAS—Mcs-sr*. Aldneh, Bingham, Francis P. Blair,
Blnko, Bristow, Bnffinton, Burlingatne, Hum ham. Camp-
bell. Carter, Case, Colfax. Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edmund-
s-on,' Edwards, Eliot, EJy,'Efheridge, Ferry, Foster, Frank,
French. Gutlcy, fiehnick, Iloardj Hutching Francis W 
Kellogg. DeWittC. Leach, Mallorv, McKnight, McPhen=on,
Moorfiead. Edward Joy Morris Morse. Nelson, Olin, Pal-
mer. Peuit. Potter, Rice, Clmstopher Robinson, Royce,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman. Stoke*, Strntton, Tappan,
Theakei, \andever, Van Wyolc, \ erree. Wade, Walton,
Elhhtt H.Washbuine, I&niel Wa-hlnnn, and Woodruff-—59.
NAYS—Mc:>-m. Allen, Alley, Bark*dale, Barr, Bo^ock,
Bonltjiny, Bovee. Biab-on, Biani'h, Butch. Bmnett, Carey,
Olopton, (Johh. Cox, Crawiord. Curry. John G. Davis. Eng-
h-'i), Fioience, G.uneu. Garrrell, John T. FUrri-, Ilatton,
Houston, Hughe*, Jenkins Jone-, KiUms'M, Landrum,
Jutno" M. Leach, Leake. Love. Maclay, Charles 1). Mar-
tin, Elbett S. Martin. Maynaid, McQueen, Miles. Million,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Pi>or, Uuarie-, Reagan, Rigss
Runin.Bnsr.Smnleton.WUham Smith,WillamN. II. Smith,
Spinner. Stallwortii, Stanton. Stevcn-on, James A. Stew-
ait, Thomas, Valtandigharo, Vance, Wells, Window, and
Wnglit—S3.
Sotheruleswere not suspended, (twothirdsnot
voting in favor thereof.)
MARY ANN TOPPING.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House, to Mary Ann Topping, sister of William H.
Topping, deceased, enrolling elerk of the last Congress,
three months' salary, and $3o0 tor funeral expenses.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. All such legisla-
tion is violative of the pow-ers of tlm House.
Mr. FLORENCE. There* are precedents in
abundance for this resolution. In every instance
of this kind there has been the same allowance.
