1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37?
dise within the true intent and meaning of the
treaty?
Admitting them, now, for the purpose of the
argument, to have been, by the laws of Spain,
slaves, it could not, in my judgment, have been the
intent of the treaty to include them under the term
merchandise. This nation, as a nation, does not
treat or consider slaves as merchandise. They
are so treated and considered in certain States of
the Union; but they have never, as yet,been con-
sidered merchandise in such a sense as that they
can be voluntarily carried into a free State, and
there sold as property. On the contrary, all or
nearly all the decisions, in all the courts, of all the
States, have been to the effect, that slavery is the
creation of local law, and that a slave carried from
a slaveholdingState into a free State, thereby be-
comes free. In the case of Groves and others to.
Slaughter, (15 Peters's Reports, 508,) Chief Jus-
tice Taney thus states the law with regard to the
right of the several States to legislate respecting
slave property:
" Iri Illy judgment, the power over this subject is exclu-
sively with the several State*, awl each of them hinaright
to decide lor itself, whether it will oi will not, allow persons
of this description to be brought within Its limits, fiom an-
other StateL either for sale, 01 for any othei purpose ; and
also to prescribe the manner and mode in which tlioy may
be introduced, and to determine their condition and treat-
ment within their respective terntoues; and the action of
the several States upon tins subject cannot be cnntiollril by
Congress, either by virtue of its power to regulate com-
merce, or by virtue of any other power confencd by the
Constitution of the United States."
How, then, could this nation, by treaty, have
intended to acknowledge slaves as merchandise,
and to stipulate for their rendition, under that
general term ? If they are merchandise in a na-
tional point of view, then, under the Constitution
of the United States, the regulation of the com-
merce in slaves between the States belongs to the
General Government, and no State could prohibit
their sale, as no State can prohibit the trade or
traffic between the States in cotton or other mer-
chandise.
That Spain at the date of the treaty recognized
slaves as merchandise, when legally held, does
not affect the argument. We have similar treaties
with Algiers and Tunis, in which are contained
stipulations for the return of the property of citi-
zens of each of the contracting States. In the
treaty of peace and amity, concluded on the 6th
of June, 1815, between the United States of Amer-
ica and the Dey of Algiers, it was agreed that—
" Should a ve«sel of either of the contracting parties be
cast oil shore within the territories of the other, all proper
assistance shall be given to the crew; no pillage shall be
allowed, and the property shall remain at the disposal of the
owners."—European Treaties, United States Statutes, vol-
ume 8, page 225.
A similar provision is contained in our treaties
with Tripoli and Tunis. When these treaties
were made, Algiers held Christian captives as
slaves; yet, under tins stipulation that property
should remain at thedisposa) of the owners, would
it be claimed that Spanish prisoners, or those of
any other Christian nation, held by Algerinc cor-
sairs, were to be given up as property, under the
treaty with Algiers? Suppose an Algerian ves-
sel, laden with Spanish captives, had been driven
on our coasts, and we had attempted to surrender,
under this treaty, the enslaved Spaniards. The
attempt would have sent a thrill of horror to the
heart of the civilized world; and Spain, in resist-
ance of the attempt, might justly have waged
against us a war m which she could demand the
sympathy, if not the succor,,of every nation in
Christendom. Yet, if the claim now urged by
Spain is just, and her interpretation of the treaty
of 1795 correct, we should be bound to render to
the Algerians the same assistance in reclaiming
captives held by them to be property, which Spain
demands in the present instance.
I say, therefore, that, by no just interpretation
of the treaty of 1795, can ij.be held that within
the term " merchandise" was intended to be in-
cluded human beings—black or white, heathen or
Christian—who might, under the laws of either
nation, be held as property.
But, Mr. President, I am not under the neces-
sity of resting the argument here. If we admit
that slaves—held as such by the laws of Spam-
are to be considered " merchandise," under the
treaty of 1795, still the present claim cannot be
sustained. It remains to be proved, in order to
support the claim, that these negroes were, by
Spanish law, slaves, ond were rcscued on the high
seas out of the hands of pirates and robbers, and
that Ruis and Montez have shown themselves to
be the true proprietors of the alleged merchan-
dise by competent proof. Let us see whether
these points can be established. That the negroes
of the Amistad were kidnapped from Africa, and
that, knowing them to have been thus kidnapped,
Ruis and Montez purchased them, with the inten-
tion of holding them as slaves, are conceded facts.
What was the law of Spain regarding the slave
trade in the year 1839, when, these events took
place ?
I have before me the special message of James
Monroe, President of the United States, dated
January 4, 1823, communicating to the House of
Representatives, among other papers, a letter
from Don Luis do Onis, the Spanish Minister, in
which he announced that his Catholic Majesty,
Ferdinand Yil, had concluded a treaty with the
King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland, by which the <Aolition of the slave trade
is stipulated and agreed on, and that—
" lie had received hi< Majesty's command* to deliver to
the President of the United States a copy of the same ; his
Majesty feeling confident that a mea^ine so completely in
harmony with the sentiments of this Government, and of
all the inhabitants of this Republic, cannot fail to be agree-
able to him "
He adds:
" In the discharge of this satisfactory duty, I now trans-
nut yon the afoie&aid copy of the tieaty, which [ request
you will be pleased to lay before the President."—Execu-
tive Papers, second session, Sixteenth Congress, 48.
The treaty between Great Britain and Spain,
thus transmitted, was not printed with the doc-
ument containing the above communication, but
I find it published in the "British and Foreign
State Papers, 1816-17." It is dated and signed at
Madrid, the 23d of September, 1817. It first re-
fers to the treaty of July 5,1814, in which the King
of Spam promised and agreed to take the sub-
ject of prohibiting the slave trade into considera-
tion. It then declares that his Catholic Majesty,
conformably to the spirit of that treaty, and to
the principles of humanity with which he is ani-
mated, having never lost sight of an object so
interesting to him, and being desirous of hasten-
ing the moment of its attainment, has resolved to
cooperate with his Britannic Majesty in the cause
of humanity, by adopting, in concert with his
said Majesty, efficacious means for bringing about
the abolition of the slave trade; and accordingly,
"Art. 1. I-Ii1? Catholic Majestv engages that the slave
tiade shallbe abolished thioughoui the enure dominions
of Spain, on the iioth day of May. 1&20, and that from and
after that pcuod it shall not be law ml tor any of the sub-
ject** of the ('town of Spain to pui eha^e slaves, or to cany
on the slave tiade on any pait of the coast of Africa, upon
auy pretext, or m any manner whatever."
Article third provides for the payment, by his
Britannic Majesty, of the sum of <£400,000 sterling
to such person as the King of Spain shall appoint
to receive the same, which was to be in full for all
losses previously incurred ,and also for the losses
which are a necessary consequence of the abolition
of the said traffic.
On the 19th of December, 1817, the King of
Spain promulgated a royal cedula, or decree; the
first article of which is as follows:
" Art. 1. From thi* day foi ward 1 prohibit forever to all
my ^ubjeus, both in the Peninsula anil in Ameiira, to re-
sort to the con-t of Africa, north of the eqiintoi, for the
purcha^ of negroes. All tiie blacks bought on those coasts
shall be declared Iree ui the fir.-^t scapott oi my dominion-*
at which the vessel containing them shall aruve. That
vessel shall be confiscated for my ro\al tiea^urv ; and the
purehaeer, the captain, the master, and the pilot shall, with-
out fail, be sentenced to ten yeai-/ imprisonment m some
loi tress of the Philippine Island*."'
Article third extends the same prohibition to the
coasts of Africa south of the equator, under the
same penalties, after the 30th of May, 1830.
It thus appears, that at the time when these
negroes of the Amistad were kidnapped on the
coast of Africa, and brought by the confederates
of Montez and Ruis into the Island of Cuba, the
slave trade was prohibited m all the Spanish pos-
sessions; and that by Spanish laws, the negroes
thus kidnapped were of right free the momentthcy
reached the port of Havana; and that they were
entitled to freedom when purchased by Ruis and
Montez.
It appears, also, that the treaty stipulation with
Great Britain, w'as not made without considera-
tion and compensation, received by Spain. Al-
though motives of humanity are stated to have
| led to that treaty, yet Spain received", under this
j treaty, from Great Britain, the sum of $2,000,000
j in full compensation for losses tlmt might- be o^ca-
I sioned by the abolition of the slave trade in her
colonies; a sum with which, it would seem, she
ought to be satisfied, without no w demanding pay*
ment from this Government for £fty miserable
Africans imported into Cuba in violation of her
tfwn laws.
There, are some peculiar circumstances, Mr.
President, connected with the payment of this
sum of money by Great Britain, which, though
they perhaps have no direct bearing on the merits
of this claim, I am yet tempted to lay before the
Senate, as showing the astuteness and assurance
of the Spanish Government in pushing their own
interests. On the 14th of June, 1815, prior to the
treaty with Great Britain, the King of Spain di-
rected the supreme council of the Indies " to de-
liberate and give their advice upon a question of
the highest and most urgent importance, namely,
whether or not the slave trade should continue
to exist?" 1 have here the proceedings of this
council containing—1. " The report of the-Coun-
cil of the Indies to the King of Spain, recommend-
ing the immediate abolition of the slave trade;"
2. "The opinion of the dissentient membeis of
the council against the immediate abolition of the
slave trade;" and 3. " The reply of tho majority
of the council." The majority of the council
were of opinion that, not only the cause of hu-
manity but the interests of the Spanish colonies,
particularly Cuba, required the immediate pro-
hibition of the slave trade. They discuss the
subject in a long and extremely able report, which
they conclude by recommending that "his Maj-
esty may be pleased to command that the slave
trade be'forthwith perpetually abolished through-
out, his dominions." The dissentient members,
in their report, take ground against the immediate
abolition, for certain reasons, among others, to
which I desire to call the attention of the Senate.
They say:
" We admit that the slave trade ought to he prohibited.
Ali Euiope, departing from its ancient maxims, has just
come to this resolution, lor the good of the human race
and It would ill become Spain to re/use taking part in so
glorious a proceeding; indeed, she would gain nothing by
such a refusal."
They then proceed to consider the subject of
compensation for pretended losses, as follows:
" Putting aside, however, for a moment, the interests of
the American slaves, as well as those of their owners, it
may not be nnpioper to turn our attention to our own in-
terest-, and to the present exhausted state of our treasury.
We ought to avail ourselves of the opportunity now offered,
to put forth against the English a demand for some valuable
consideration as an indemnification tor the losses which
would be consequent upon tho abolition winch is so much
desired by them. This policy, which would be practiced
by all the nations of the world, has* not escaped the pene-
tration of his Majesty. Accoidmgly, when he consented
to prohibit the slave trade witlnn eightyears, he did so un-
der certain conditions, which, although we are ignorant of
their purpoit, have not yet been fulfilled. The English,
notwithstanding, have since continually urged that we
should reduce this term ofeighlyearstofive. In this state
of the question, the most natural and the best advice that
could be given to his Majesty, is that he should accede
to this icquept, that he should lay stress upon the service
which he thereby renders, and should require m compen-
sation for that service the same conditions that had pre-
viously been agieed on, or «ueh other as his exalted judg-
ment may deem more suitable to the general interests of lite
dominions. If, instead of following this cour?e, which is
dictated by prudence, the slave trade be immediately pro-
hibited, the Kngli>h will not believe we make any sacrifice,
becai^e even more would be conceded by us than they ask;
no convenient opening would be left for stipulating any
compensation, and his Majesty would lose the relief which
he has a right to demand from a rich ajid powerful nation
lounded upon *o ji^tand honorable a title."—British Slate
Papets, iblG-17, page o38. '
Here, Mr. President, is presented what the
Spanish considered a very adroit piccc of diplo-
macy. They had dccided, in reference to their own
interests, to prohibit the slave trade. In the year
1814, {July 5,) they had stipulated, by treaty with
Great Britain, to take the subject into considera-
tion. The Spanish Government had come to the
conclusion that humanity and interest required
this prohibition to be made; but instead of doing
it at once, they now proceed to make another
treaty with Great Britain, by which they stipulate
for the prohibition of the slave trade in all their
colonies, in consideration of <=£400,000sterling for
losses which it appears were pretended. The
king is advised to lay stress upon the service he
is rendering, otherwise England will not believe
the Spanish have made anysacrifice. " No con-
venient opening would then be left for stipulating
