378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
any compensation, and his Majefety would lose
the relief he might otherwise gain." Accordingly,
a treaty was mac!b on the 23d of September, 1817,
soon after the date of the "proceedings of the
Council of the Indies," to which I have referred.
The remuneration provided under this treaty was
ample. The Spanish Government received " re-
lief" to the amount of $2,000,000 for performing
an act which they admitted was demanded not
only by considerations of humanity, but by their
own interests. Now, sir, without indulging in
any severity of comment upon this specimen of
Spanish diplomacy, I must say that it does not
at all diminish my opposition to the present claim,
or tend in any way to show that further remu-
neration ought to be made for the alleged losses
of Spanish slave traders.
Mr. President, notwithstanding the treaty stip-
ulations thus solemnly made; notwithstanding
the ample remuneration received by the King of
Spain, for real or supposed losses; notwithstand-
ing the royal ordinance of the 19th December,
1817, issued in compliance with this treaty, the
slave trade has been carried on from that day to
this, between the coast of Africa and Cuba, in
violation of all law, human and divine. I will not
say that the Spanish Government has connived at
this traffic, but she has not suppressed it. Ruis
andMontez, in whose behalf theprcscntclaim was
made, were undoubtedly engaged m it. If not
directly engaged in the trade, they were purchasers
of negroes known to be kidnapped m Africa, and
were, perhaps, liable to tin- penalty of the royal
ordinance of the 19th December, 1817—ton yeans'
imprisonment in some fortress in the Philippine
Islands. Theyweie themselves criminals, while
on their attempted voyage in the Amistad from
Havana to Principe, with those fifty kidnapped
negroes. The negroes were free by the express
terms of the royal ordinance, and when they as-
serted their freedom and took possession of the
Amistad, they committed no crime for which
they could be punished by any tribunal even in
Spain, which should administer justice according
to the Spanish law.
It so happened that they were thrown upon our
coasts, and it became the duty of our judicial tri-
bunals, and is now also the duty of this body, to
apply to their case the law of nations, as well as
the laws ofSpain. If, sir, you will look upon the
map, you will see that, steering eastward by day
and northward by night, the course resulting from
this would have brought the vessel to some pait
of the shores of Europe, but for the drift of the
Gulf stream. Suppose, instead of being thus
drifted, they had landed in England or Prance.
Would England have restored these negroes to
Ruis and Montez, acknowledged violators of the
laws of their own country? Would Fiance have
restored them had they been thrown on the French
coast? No, sir; neither oft hose nations would have
returned the negroes to bondage; nor would they
have remunerated the pretended owners Even
Spam hersulfwould have been compelled to restore
them to freedom had they been cast by the waves on
the Spanish coasts, if, m the administration of jus-
tice, her tribunals are governed by the treaties and
laws of Spain. 1 doubt, sir, whether there is in
all Christendom a nation where a claim like this
would be thought worthy of serious consideration;
and J apprehend that the free Republic of the United
States is that Christian Government m the world
more likely than any other to remunerate the male-
factors m whose behalf this claim is made.
But the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations aigues tiiat, inasmuch as the negroes of
the Amistad worshipped from Havana, on boai d
that schooner, under passports signed by the Gov-
ernor General of Cuba, it is not competent for the
United States to look into the evidence which con-
tradicts these documents; and he cites, in support
of this claim, an opinion given in October, 1839,
by the Attorney General of the United States, Mr.
Grundy. This is sufficiently answered by Mr.
Justice Story, in his published opinion m the case
of the United States rs. the Amistad, (35 Peters's
Reports, 594,) an extract from which I beg leave
to read to the Senate:
" But it h argued that the ship, caigo, and negroes weie
duh documentor! a- b'jJou^uig to Spanissh subjects, and this
court have no right to look behind these documents ; that
full faith and credit is to he given to them ; and that they
are to be held conclusive evidence m this cause, oven
although it should be established bv the most satisfactory
proofs that they have been obtained by the gro^e^t frauds
and impositions upon the constituted authorities of Spain.
To this argument we can in no wise absent. There is noth-
ing in the treaty which justifies or sustains the argument.
We do not here meddle with the point whether there has
been any connivance m this illegal traffic on the part of
any of the colonial authorities or buboidinate officers of
Spain ; because, in our view, such an examination is un-
necessary, and ought not to be pursued^ unless it were in-
dispensable to public justice, although it has been strongly
pressed at the bar.
"What we proceed upon is this, that although public
documents of the Government, accompanying property
found onboaidot the private ships of a foreign nation, cei-
tainly are to be deemed prima facie evidence of the facts
which they purport to state, vet they are always open to be
impugned for fraud; and whether thatfraud be in the original
obtaining ot these documents, or in the subsequent fraud-
ulent and illegal use of them, when onoo it is satisfactorily
established, it overthrows all their sanctity, and destroys
them as proof. Fraud will vitiate any, even the ino-^t sol-
emn tiansactions, and an asseited titleto property founded
upon it u utterly void. The very language of the ninth
article of the treaty of 179.3 requires the proprietor to make
due and sufficient pi oof ot his property. And how can the
proof be deemed either due or fcufhoient which is but a con-
nected and stained tissue of fraud ? Tills is not a mcierule
of municipal jurisprudence. Nothing is more clear in the
law of nations, as an established rule to regulate their rights
and duties, and intercouise, than the doctrine that the
ship's papers are but prima jacie evidence, and that if they
aie shown to be fraudulent, they are not to be held pi oof
of any valid title." * * * " In the solemn treaties
between nations, it can never be presumed that either
State intends to piovidc the means of perpetrating oi pro-
tecting frauds; but all the provisions are to be construed
as intended to bo applied to bono fide transactions."
The,pretended passports covcnng the negroes
shipped on board the Amistad arc therefore only
prima facie evidence, and, being clearly shown to
have been fraudulent, are not to be held proof of
any valid title.
fiut the majority of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, in their leport, say that if it were com-
petent for the United States to look into evidence
to contradict these documents, yet the United
States could not rightfully undertake to decide
questions arising under treaty stipulations made
between Spain and other nations, to which this
Government is no party; in other words, that,
not being a party to the treaty between Spain and
Great Britain, by which she stipulated to prohibit
the slave trade, and under which she actually did
so prohibit it, we cannot inquire whether the pre-
tended merchandise on board the Amistad was
really merchandise under Spanish law. To this,
i answer that the action of Spain in this regard
was officially announced to tjjo Government of
the United States, as I have already indicated, by
express command of the King of Spain in the year
lbJS—(Executive Papers, second session Six-
teenth Congress.) This Government, therefore,
has a right, and is hound to take nntiee of the law of
Spain on this subject; and the announcement could
only have been made with the intention thatsuch
notice should be taken, and to enable it to be
done. J low eon Spam complain that we now
avail ourselves of the information solemnly given
by her Minister, by command of the King, that,
tinder her laws, negroes kidnapped in Africa and
sold into slavery in Cuba, arc not merchandise,
but. aie entitled to their freedom the moment they
place their feet on the soil of any Spanish colony ?
1 cannot conceive of any reason for announcing
the existence of the treaty, except that our Gov-
ernment should take official notice of its provis-
ions, and give effect to them as far a« it may be
proper to do so.
We have a right, then, and it is our duty, to go
behind these documents purporting to be pass-
ports, When we do so, we find them grossly
fraudulent, that the negroes specified therein as
Tjudinocts or skilled, acclimated, and therefore
legal, slaves, are not such, but, as all the testi-
mony most conclusively shows, and a^, indeed,
is conceded, when shipped by Ruis and Montez,
were entitled, even by Spanish law, to their free-
dom. How, then, can Senators \pte to pay the
parties who so pertinaciously, through the Span-
ish Government, pursue this flagitious claim from
year to year? Why should thev receive the sum
of $50,000, or any other sum, from our national
Treasury, as the supposed value of Africans kid-
napped m violation of the laws of nations and of
their own Government'1 Is it because it is true,
as the President,in his message,informs us, that
Cuba is the only spot in the civilized world where
the African slave trade is tolerated ? In spite of
all her treaties, in violation of solemn stipula-
tions—notwithstanding Spain has announced to
our Government that the slave trade is abolished
in hsr colonics—still " Cuba is the only spot in
the civilized world where the African slave trade
is tolerated." The President says this is to us
"a constant source of injury and annoyance,5'
and he adds:
" We are bound by treaty with Great Britain to main-
tain a naval force on the coast of Africa at much expen&e
both of life and treasure, solely for the purpose of arresting
slavers bound to that island, (Cuba.) The late serious dif-
ficulties between the United States and Great Britain
respecting the right of search, now so happily terminated,
could never have arisen if Cuba had not afforded a market
for slaves. As long as this market shall remain open, there
can be no hope for the civilization of benighted Africa.
Whilst the demand for slaves continues in Cuba, wars will
be waged among the petty and barbarous chiefs of Africa
for the purpose of seizing subjects to supply this trade, in
such a condition of affairs it is impossible that the light
of civilization and religion can ever penetrate these dark
abodes."
Yet we now are seriously urged to appropriate
a sum of money to remunerate the pretended own-
ers of the negroes kidnapped and torn from then-
native shores, as is acknowledged and avowed
in violation of Spanish law, for the purpose of
being forever enslaved by the present claimants.
Mr. President, I am willing to go as far as truth
and justice will permit in cultivating friendly rela-
tions with Spam. The President informs us that
an appropriation made for the purpose of remu-
nerating the claimants in the Amistad c&se, could
not fail to exert a favorable influence on our nego-
tiations with that country. At the same time he
informs us that our national flag has been insulted
by Spanish officials, in repeated instances; that
we havj  suffered outrages of such a character as
would have justified an immediate resort to war;
and that "all our attempts to obtain redress have
been baffled and defeated." If this be true, 1 can-
not see the propriety of attempting to "exert a
favorable influence upon negotiations "which have
hitherto been so unfortunate in their results, by
remunerating the very men who, by keeping alive
the slave trade, put us to the expense of "main-
taining a naval force on the coast of Africa,"
solely for the purpose of arresting slaves bound
to Havana. They have very nearly, it seems,
involved us in a war with Great Britain, on the
question of the right of search, "that could not
have arisen if Cuba had not aflorded a market for
slaves;" a market which, as long as it remains
open, expels all "hope for the civilization of be-
nighted Africa." One of the most serious griev-
ances urged by the President against the Spanish
Government, is the "injury and annoyance "thus
inflicted upon us. Yet he urges us to reward the
criminal agents in one of the most atrocious cases
of kidnapping that has ever been perpetrated.
Mr. President, while at this time the Govern-
menthas a high duty to perform, while the power
of the Federal courts and of the Federal execu-
tive authorities are invoked for the suppression
of the African slave trade, I tiust that no such
spectacle of inconsistency will be exhibited to the
world as that of a Government remunerating on
the'one hand the guilty agents in a piratical and
inhuman traffic, which, on the other hand, if of-
ficial duty is not criminally neglected, it is exert-
ing all its authority to suppress within our own
borders.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The motion made by the Senator from
Connecticut was to reconsider the vote by which
the message of the President was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. DIXON. I have no desire to press the
motion unless some Senator wishes to address the
Senate on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
stands, then, that the Senator withdraws his mo-
tion.
Mr.HALE. Thependencyofthemotionwould
not interrupt the process of printing—would it r
[Certainly.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator has withdrawn the
motion.  
Mr. HALE. I know it; but I recollect, on a
former occasion, if my memory serves me right,
a motion of this kind was entertained, and when
some gentleman wanted to speak on it, it was
suggested by common consent it need not inter-
rupt the execution of the order, and the motion
might he over. It is possible somebody else may
wish to address the Senate on the subject; and I
suggest, as a matter of convenience, that that
course, be taken. I have no preference about it,
however.
