8286'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
I; moye that the, rules be suspended for the^pur-
pose JL have indicated.
The. question was taken; and the House -re-
fused to suspend the rules, (two thirds notvoting
in, favor thereof.)
ELI'W. G(OT. -
Mr. ROYCE. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 113, for the relief
of Eli W. Goff. It has passed the Senate unan-
imously; and it has been favorably reported on
by the Committee of Claims.
Mr- BURNETT. I object.
Mr. ROYCE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Eli W. Goff, late
inspector of customs for the district of Vermont,
the sum of $3,500 out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated; it being for ex-
penses actually incurred by him in his efforts
faithfully, to-execute the revenue laws of the Uni-
te^States/
Mr. PEYTON. Now, let the report of the
committee be read. I want to know what this
cfaira is. I am perfectly willing to vote for a just
claim.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that the claimant was a deputy collector of cus-
toms in the northern portion of Vermont, and by
great energy succeeded in breaking up a powerful
gang of smugglers. The result was a scries of
annoyances and costly litigation forced upon the
petitioner, through the influence and procurement
of the parties whose illegal though profitable em-
ployment ho had broken up. Even the property
he had lawfully seized under the revenue laws
was again wrested from him by the connivance
oj^the United States district attorney, who dis-
missed the suits for forfeiture, and-in lieu thereof
involved the petitioner in law, which eventually
resujted in his pecuniary ruin.
At the first session of the last Congress this
claim was fully investigated, and a bill passed
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
audit and pay whatever he might ascertain Mr.
Golf's losses to have been, limiting the amount,
however, to $5,000, although the claim was for
near thirteen thousand dollars. The Secretary of
the Treasury, finding a difficulty in bringing the
evidence within the strict rules of the Department,
failed to fix upon any amount, and the Senate bill
determines the amount arbitrarily at $3,500.
Mr. BRANCH. Are there items and specifi-
cations ?
Mr. ROYCE. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is that much rev-
enue collected in Vermont ?
Mr. ROYCE. Yes, sir; ten times as much.
Mr. MAYNARD. I reported this case from
the Committee of Claims, where it was examined
and considered. The facts show that this man,
during Mr. Van Buren's administration, was a
collector of customs in the northern part of Ver-
ment, where it became his misfortune to come in
collision with a very powerful band of smugglers
who were stationed just upon the Canada line.
I will not go into to the details. He succeeded,
by his efforts, in breaking up the establishment.
In doing so, he was involved in a series of trouble--
some and expensive litigations. By the action of
a subsequent Administration, all these suits were
left to fall upon his own shoulders. He was
broken down and pecuniarily ruined by that ac-
tion. Thecommittee thought that he was entitled
to compensation.
Mr. PEYTON. Broken up—how ?
Mr. MAYNARD. By expenses and costs
thrown upon him in these suits.
Mr. PEYTON. The suits wore decided against
him, and he had the costs.to pay?
Mr. MAYNARD. The suits were never
brought to trial.
Mr. BURNETT. My friend from Tennessee
is a lawyer, and while I have no doubt he is fully
satisfied of the justice of this claim, and believes
it ought to.be passed, yet if he were a chancellor,
and this case were submitted to him, he would
dismiss it and turn the applicant out of court.
There is not a single distinctive fact stated in the
report. There is nothing but a general charge.
It is shown that this man was collector of cus-
toms, and that, by some connection with smug-
glers, he suffered losses. Prom that it is argued
that this bill ought to be passed.
There is no proof—none whatever—except a
statement in the report; but thepointis this: that
where an officer of the Government, such a one
as the present, in attempting to enforce the laws
for the purpose of protecting our revenue, incurs
loss, the existing laws provide for payment. We
have a law applying to all these cases; and if this
claimant paid out this money, or if he was in-
volved in litigation, the Government can not refuse
to allow him hisaccountfor attempting tocnforce
the revenue laws. But the case came up before
the Departments during Mr. VanBuren's admin-
istration, without any bill of particulars, with
only n general statement that this man had suf-
fered loss by reason of attempts to break up a
gang of smugglers; and now he comes into Con-
gress and asks us to pay this money.
Now, I say, that when such a case as this is
presented, the gehtleman who presents it ought to
state the facts, the manner in which he incurred
the loss, and the reasons why his accounts were
not adjusted at the proper Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me state to the gentle-
man that this officer was sued by thesemiscreants
for trespass. Of course he was compelled to em-
ploy counsel to make a defense. He was required
to incur the usual costs of litigation, and, what is
known to the gentleman is of more consequence
than all the rest, he was required to lose Ins time
in attending upon the courts—a loss which it
would be impossible to calculate in dollars and
cents.
Mr. BURNETT. Take for granted that all
the gentleman states is true, yet there is no state-
ment of that sort in the report, nor has such a
statement of facts been presented to the House.
How easy it would have been to write to the
Treasury Department, and find out when this man
was appointed; whether he made application to
the Department for pay; and if he did, what was
the character of his account; and if it was rejected,
upon what ground the Treasury Department re-
fused to pay him. Then we would have a ease
presented to the judgment and reason of members
of this House.
Now, I want to give another reason why the
rules ought not to be suspended. Here, within a
very few hours of the adjournment of tins session,
with general legislation upon the Speaker's table
undisposed of, this floor is farmed out: yes, sir,
farmed out, under an agreement, and we cannot
get the floor for the purpose of intending to gen-
eral legislation. Every gentleman here, with a
private bill sticking in his pocket, struggles for
the floor, and gets in matters which we cannot
investigate; the rules are suspended, and legislation
is hurried through without our knowing anything
about it.
Mr. STOKES, The gentleman from Kentucky
is charging that every gentleman here who istry-
ing to get the floor with the object of getting up
a private bill, has made a contract with the Speaker
m order to obtain the floor. I wish to announce
this fact to the gentleman from Kentucky, that
1 have been trying to get the floor, but I have not
made any contract with the Speaker, and I will
enter into none with any one.
Mr. FLORENCE. And I assure thegontleman
from Kentucky that I made no arrangement with
the Speaker, when I got the floor. I did not speak
to the Speaker, except from the floor, in the pres-
ence of the whole House.
Mr. BURNETT. Then my remarks did not
include those gentlemen. I have been struggling
for the floor for the last two weeks upon a bill in
which the entire country is inteiested; but I have
been unable to succecd.
Mr. GROW.- All this debate is out of order,
and I hope the gentleman will not trespass upon
the House any longer.
Mr. BURNETT. I am giving the reasons why
this character of legislation ought not to be per-
mitted. Let us take up the bills on the Private
Calendar m their regular order, and give every
claim an equal chance. I call the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will move
to go into the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar, we can get through it to-day.
Mr. 'BRANCH. * With the consent of the
House, I will make that motion.
!i Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to further
debate, because there are other gentlemen who
des're the floor.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that it is not
fair for the gentleman from Kentucky to make a
speech, and then refuse the gentleman from Ver-
mont an opportunity to reply.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not object. I would
rather that the time should be consumed in speak'
ing than m any other way. 1 am perfectly will-
ing to hear him.
"Mr. BARKSDALE. I am inclined lo think
that we had better adjourn.
Mr. GROW. There aio two genera) bills yet
to come over from the Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to inter-
fere with tins hill, but I must demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Vermont
has had the floor less than any gentleman in the
llall; and I insist that he shall be heard.
Mr. PEYTON. I hope general consent will
be given.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will not object
if the gentleman will give me an opportunity to
present a resolution, calling for information from
the Departments; a resolution which 1 have de-
sired to offer for a week, and have had no oppor-
tunity.
Mr. ROYCE. I do not surrender the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then 1 object. I
want to introduce a resolution calling upon the
Departments for information.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to that.
Mr. ST ANTON. 1 move to suspend the rules,
in order that the gentleman from Vermont may
be permitted to speak.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
from Vermont himself desires to occupy the floo«*y
I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, this is the only
claim, I believe, upon the Private Calendar fiom
my State, and J will detain the House but a few
moments in explaining what I believe to be the
merits of this bill.
This petitioner was appointed adeputy collector
of customs in my State, and the report states that
he was an active and vigilant officer, and suc-
ceeded in breakingup a formidable gang of smug-
glers; that, in the discharge of his duties as a pub-
lic officer, he was subjected to litigation which
eventually resulted m his ruin. Suits for trespass
were brought against him by pai ties whose prop-
erty he had seized In several of those suits he
succeeded in obtaining a verdict; but m others,
owing to the local prejudices which existed, he
was defeated, and compelled to pay damages and
costs. In the prosecution cf his duties, and in
the defense of the suits which were brought against
him,newas involvedin ruin. His claim amounted
to $33,000, and I believe he could convince this
House and convince any impartial mind that he
actually suffered damages, and to that amount, in
consequence of his attempts to discharge his du-
ties as a public officer. At the last Congress, a
bill was passed referring this matter to the De-
partment which limited the amount the Depart-
ment should pay to $3,000; but owing to the in-
formality of his proof, he was directed, or rather
recommended, to come to Congress, and let them
fix the sum.
The report states that he suffered largely be-
yond the amount that this proposes to pay him.
it proposes to pay him only $3,500. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bprkett] objects,
and claims, as I undeistood his argument, that,
upon the presentation of his proof to the Depart-
ment, the Department would audit and pay all
the claim he might have, on account of his at-
tempting faithfully to discharge the duties of his
office. Sir, I do not understand the law in that
way. I know that frequent applications of a sim-
ilar character have been made to Congress. \
believe they must come here; and that whenever
it is shown to the Congress of the United States
that a man has suffered damage necessarily, m
consequence of his attempts to discharge his duty
faithfully, Congress has always acknowledged
the obligation to pay it. That is all that we ask
here.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
