1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
done; and that is the principle the committee ob-
ject to.
I will say in addition, that of the class of 1840
—-we speak of these officers in classes, who grad-
uated in certain years—forty-one of them, aver-
aging nineteen and a half years in the Navy, aver-
age thirty-three and a quarter years of age; they
served as midshipmen and passed midshipmen,
from fourteen to fifteen years before they got any
promotion. The grades were all filled, and they
served then on a very low stipend—some six or
seven hundred dollars. They were doing the duty
of lieutenants about six years before they were
promoted at all; for which, of course, they could
get no pay, unless they were appointed occasion-
ally specially in some expedition to do the duty
of a lieutenant; because an officer doing the duty
of a higher grade, temporarily, gets no pay for
that duty. The great majority of these officers
are married, and have families; and under the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, not one
of them would receive a cent increase.
My objections to the amendment are principally
based, as I say, on the provisions as to the grade
of lieutenants; because, when you thus ignore one
hundred and eighty of these men who are thepack-
horsesof your service—forty of those sixty-eight
now, who graduated in 1841, arc at sea, and over
thirty of them are married and have large fami-.
lies—when you ignore this whole class of men,
and at the same time put up pursers and surgeons,
the country cannot recognize any justice in it.
The committee reporting the bill have no such
desire. The scale as they present it, I think, is
pretty accurately graduated, according to the du-
ties and responsibilities of each grade. If you
preserve that scale, the pursers get, I think, what
is precisely right. Their increase of pay is about
twenty-five per cent, on their leave, and about
twelve and a half per cent, on their sea and other
duty pay; and I think that both the Senator from
Maine and myself have made a much better ar-
rangement for the pay of the pursers and surgeons
than was made before.
Another objection to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Maine, though I would not make this a
material one, is, that it provides a leave pay for
professors of mathematics, who, under no circum-
stances, I think, can be ever placed on leave, ex-
cept to attend to their own business, at their own
request; and then there should be no pay allowed
to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made a mistake there,
which I intend to correct. I have made an allow-
ance for sea-service there; but they have no sea-
service to perform at all. I mean to make that cor-
rection.
Mr. MALLORY. I point this out, because the
bill of the committee has provided what is right
on this point. Another important error to which
I drew the attention of the Senator, and which I
know he will correct, is in placing the pay of a
lieutenant commanding equal, precisely, to the pay
of a commander. The importance of keeping the
pay of the several grades as separate as the grades
themselves; the importance of not paying an of-
ficer of junior grade precisely what you pay an
officer of the higher grade, I know need not be ar-
gued. The Senator will correct that.
I may as well say here that the bill of the Sen-
ator from Maine decreases the sea-pay of captains
of ships at sea $375. I understood his objection
to be that §375 was a fraction. He said that if
the committee had reported >>500, he would have
gone for it perhaps; but he dislikes fractions. I
will say to him that you cannot take up your pay-
roll now without seeing fractions. That is a mat-
ter for the accounting officers, not for us here. Wo
pay surgeons now for the first five years after the
date of their commission §1,886 66. Nobody has
ever found fault with the fraction. The surgeons
are willing to receive it up to the last cent. It is
a very poor reason indeed for striking off so large
a sum as §375, merely because it is a fraction of a
thousand. If the Senator wishes to compromise
it, I would suggest to him to strike off the sev-
enty-five, and leave the three hundred remain.
Another objection that 1 have to his amendment
is a very importantone. There is aclassof com-
missioned officers in your Navy who receive what
is familiarly known to them as aboguspay: that
is, a comrnander, who, according to the presentpay
list, should receive §1,800 on leave, §2,250 on other
duty, and $2,500 at sea, receives no such thing.
According to the reform act, as it was called, these
officers receive'only a modified pay, because that
act provided that the aggregate pay of the Navy
was not to be increased; and it has not been in-
creased. Consequently, when a commander goes
to sea in place of a captain, he does not get the
pay of a captain; but the pay of a captain is di-
vided between the two, and the commander gets
the difference of pay which the captain loses by
notgoing to sea; which decreases the commander's
pay, as a matter of course, from that which the law
allows. There are a few of these officers only. I
thought ! had on my table the precise number of
officers drawing this bogus pay. The Register
showsit. Iperceive, however, that there arc twen-
ty-eightheutenants drawing thisbogus pay. This i
is the most important grade; and I submit that
the Register, after the new pay bill shall be passed,
should show precisely what every officer receives.
But we shall be unable to tell what officers re-
ceive, if a portion of them receive this modified .
pay; and therefore the committee have provided
for abolishing it altogether. That is one of the
means of paying them; and they will not get the
pay the committee propose, unless this measure
of abolishing that feature of the reform act shall
prevail.
Now, as to the general policy of increasing sal-
ariesatall, I would call the attention of the Senate
very briefly, for I desire to get a vote on this bill
to-day, if possible, to the fact, that since 1835,
when the pay of the officers of the Navy was fixed,
we have increased the pay of every man in this
Government. I also call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that the money value of everything
has vastly increased since 1835. Flour, the staff
of life, you may say, at that time was worth
§4 25 a barrel. Now it is a hundred per cent,
more. Of every article, all the essentials of life,
except, perhaps, clothing, the price has incieased
fiom fifty to.one hundred per cent. I state that
%s a general proposition. That was what induced
the increase of the pay of the other branch of trie
military service. We have increased our own pay.
We have increased the pay of the judges of the
Supreme Court from $4,500 to $6,0(50. We have
increased the salaries of the heads of Departments
from §6,000 to §8,000—thirty-three per cent. We
have increased the pay of chief clerks of bureaus,
and all the clerks of the Executive Departments,
from twenty to twenty-five per cent., and twenty-
five per cent, is the average increase that the com-
mittee have proposed for the lieutenants' grade
here. A young clerk just appointed in a "Depart-
ment gets $1,200, precisely the pay you give to a
lieutenant who has been twenty years at sea in
your Navy, who is fifty-five years of age, and
has a family of perhaps a wife and eight children
to sustain. We give our Auditors $3,000. We
have increased their pay. We have largely in-
creased the pay of the Senate's officers. The pay
of our Secretary amounts to §4,080, and of our
clerks from §2,500 to $1,850. A clerk here, the
very first day he enters on his duty, gets thirty
dollars a year more than the oldest lieutenant who
has seen seventeen years' sea-service, and been in
every quarter of the globe. Even our messengers
get the same pay that you give to Lieutenant
David Porter, who would be an ornament to any
navy; who has seen twenty years of sea-service,
and is now over fifty years of age.
Sir, I will not protract these figures. 1 am
quitt; familiar with the details of this bill, and 1
shall be very huppy to afford Senators informa-
tion, so far as I can do so, on any of its details.
Upon this subject of the lieutenants, and giving
them pay according to their sea-duty, we have
only concurred in the uniform opinion of the Navy
Department itself under all Administrations, and
we have been unanimous in sentiment upon that
point, and I should exceedingly regret, having
the best interests of the Navy at heart, if the Sen-
ate should abandon that principle. I would not
propose to reduce the pay provided by the bill,
in any of the grades, a single dollar. The amend-
ments which X offered to the bill yesterday were
principally introduced because of the. fact that the
pay register does not show accurately the pay of
the surgeons. That is the only grade I think.
The Senator from Maine was mistaken, I think,
when he said the pay table was wrong in many
particulars. I think he will find it is wrong in no
particular but that of suigeons. The pay table
alleges that they receive for the first five years
after the date of their commission $1,333 33; but.
in 1848, by some very adroit management,a pro-,
vision was putinto an appropriation bill by which
they were at liberty to date their commissions,
back to their first commission, which gave; them,
fifteen years'priority instead of five years rbUjt the
corresponding provision never having been made
on the face of the pay table, the error has beep
handed down to this day; and althoughthey have
received this increased pay, the Secretary of the
Navy, the chief cl£rk, and all but the accounting,
officers were ignorant of the fact, and hence it was
that the committee erred in the sum in calculating
the surgeons' pay; and as an act of justice to the
surgeons, yesterday I offered an amendment by
which we increasedthat pay from SI,866 to $1,900,
and in the same ratio through the different classes,
according to their sea-scrvicc. With these ex-
planations, though the subject is a fruitful one,
and I have not presented the claims of these offi-
cers asmy own convictions wouldinduce me to do,
I will. to save time, yield the floor, with the request
that the Senator from Maine and myself at least
may so accommodate this matter as to get a vote
on the bill to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I have no objection to a vote
being taken to-day atany time. I offered the amend-
ment which I laid upon the table, in pursuance of
a sense of duty which pressed upon mo with re-
gard to the subject-matter, having been the un-
fortunate author of a motion that the committee
should change their first bill, and report one fixing
a specific sum, in dollars and cents, for the pay
of all the officers of the Navy, That purpose I
have accomplished; but I wish to say to the Sen-
ator that, after all, I think lie should have some
clause in his bill, if it is to pass, that this pay now
fixed by law is to be in full of all allowances, and
lepealing other acts. Otherwise, these same lit-
tle acts giving percentage on the pay allowed by
law will be in existence and operative, and we
shall give them this pay in dollars and cents, and
they will getpercentage besides.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senator if he does
not think that is perfectly provided for in the first
clause of the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not.
Mr. MALLORY. That is the design.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read it.
Mr. MALLORY. " That from and after the
passage of this act, the annual pay of the officers
of the Navy, now on the active list, hereinafter
named, shall be as follows."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly. That is their
annual pay, and the other acts read precisely in
the same way; but then, acts were passed giving
some of them percentages on the existing pay.
There is a very serious question whether those
percentages would not be calculated after the
passage of this bill. I merely suggest to the Sen-
ator that, in order to accomplish the object, he
ought to make it say distinctly that all allowances
are cut oif.
Mr. MALLORY. I will do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, sir, allow me to say
that the idea I have had from the beginning is to
increase the pay of the Navy, and my desire has
been to increase the pay of this very class of lieu-
tenants particularly, because I supposed that they
most needed an increase. I did, however, com-
mit one mistake, among others, in not adverting
to the fact that a very large class, nearly half of
them, if I understand aright, were appointed lieu-
tenants in 1855 in consequence of the changes that
were made by the retiring board. On looking at
the Navy Register, I find that a very large num-
ber of that class dating back from 1855, perhaps
about one half, and consequently, as the Sena-
tor says, they would not for about a year come
withm the benefit of the increased pay allowed by
the provisions of my amendment. Well, sir, I
think it is not unreasonable to provide for them,
as the Senator proposes; but he will allow me to
call attention to the fact that when the bill for the
retiring board was passed, it was an argument
urged here that these young officers wanted an
increase of rank, not an increase of pay. They
all repudiated the idea that they were seeking
money. The argument on this floor was, " these
gentlemen want the honor of a higher grade; they
have been kept midshipmen and lieutenants, &e.,
long enough; they want to bo up to lieutenants
and commanders, and so oil; but they do not want
any money." Now, however, the argument to-
