1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
day is that it would be very unfair that these gen-
tlemen, although they did get some increase of
pay, though not the increase they were entitled
to according to their higher grade, should not're-
ceive a larger sum of money.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator will allow me
to say one word. I trust he will not embracc me
in the category of those who admitted that the
officers did not want any more money, because
ever since I have been in Congress I have been
endeavoring to get their pay increased. I have
not ceased in that effort.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the argu-
ment urged for the retiring board, that so many
were lcept in the rear; that they were anxious for
the increased honor, and cared nothing about
increased pay. I do not blame these gentlemen
for wanting increased pay. They ought to have
it, in my judgment.
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me to say one word just there?
What he says is undoubtedly correct; and under
the arrangement that was to be made after the re-
turns from the retiring hoard, it was understood
that these gentlemen would be rapidly promoted.
Congress, the year before last, however, restored
the whole of the retired officers to the active list,
and broke the engagement. If they had stuck to
their engagement, ar.d allowed the officers to retire
who were retired, then they would not have
claimed anything but promotion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that the argu-
ment which 1 have stated was urged; and I have
the comfort of reflecting that i opposed that whole
action from the beginning to the end. We cannot
legislate here with regard to the Army or the
Navy on any fair principle. It is out of the ques-
tion. Do anything in regard to either of these
arms of service, arid there is one universal howl,
not only over the country, hut in the Senate and
in the House of Representatives. Why; Because
every Senator and every Representative has some-
body in the Navy or the Army that lie represents
here; and the moment you attempt to do anything
for either sen ice, you are surrounded and over-
whelmed in every possible way, so that it is al-
most utterly out of the power of Congress to do
anything on fair principles in reference to these
matters at all. That is the truth of it. Now, sir,
I understand that, it is a fact that we have restored
to the active-service list all the officers who were
retired at that time; and 1 am told as a fact that
seven tenths of those who have been thus restored
have broken down since they have been put in
active service, showing the eoirectness of the de-
cision at that time.
Mr. jVIAliliOItY. Allow me to say one word.
The Senator from Maine and my friend from South
Carolina are equally mistaken. Out of two hun-
dred and one removed from the active !i*;t, but fifty-
eijjht have been put hack, and eighteen of those
fifty-eight weie not put hack by the courts of in-
quiry winch tried them, and before which they
had a lair trial, but by presidential and congres-
sional action
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that those
since put back have, pioved the correctness of the
first decision of the hoard. However, that has
no great connection with this question. In regard
to these officers, and particularly the lieutenants,
I am not only willing and desirous, but anxious,
to pm their pay on a fair lmsis; and if I have
made a mistake, as ! did make in not adverting
to the fact that so large a class of them were
created so hue as JK">5, I wish to con-eel it,and 1
mean to correct it: but that does not change the
principle upon which 1 based my amendment.
Allow me to say that I have not the slightest
expectation that my amendment will pass; be-
cause, the committee being united, and the Senate
always taking the report of a committee as gos-
pel when they have looked into a subject, and no
members of the Senate attending to the matter
at all, but a very lew, we know how it goes. I
did not have any hope of it from the beginning,
but I offered it simply because I made the move-
ment in the fust place to provide that the pay
should be fixed in dollars and cents, and I felt
myself bound to go through with it, and at any
rate to express my own views about it. How it
comes out I am not responsible for, and I do not
care a great deal about it one way or the other; but
I mean to offer an amendment to reduce the time
from ih^ckiU of the commission when the lieu-
tenants' increase shall take effect; that is, to fix
it at three, six, and nine years, instead of five,
ten, and fifteen. That will place them all on a
fair basis.
Mr. MALLORY. But ignoring sea-service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; and I will tell you
why I ignore the sea-service. I said something
on the subject yesterday. Let me give you a few
illustrations of how your rule will work, and how
it does work. Take the case of the very officer
that was advanced yesterday on account of his
special services, and to whom we agreed to pay
§4,000 a year during life—Captain Dahlgren.
Suppose wc had not looked out for him particu-
larly, by this special provision for his benefit.
He might have been discovered, at an eaily time,
to be a gentleman of fine attainments, and it might
have been found out, as it was, that he would be
very useful if employed on shore in experiments
in gunnery. He stays on shore, under orders of
the"Department, at the navy-yard here, discharg-
ing and rendering great service to the country;
while another man, who has no such capacity,
goes to sea. Now, how does your bill work in
such a case as that? Captain Dahlgren remains
down at the lower end of the list, as to pay, and
the man who has not his capacity, and docs not
render his service, goes to the top of it.
Take another cas«. I understand that a com-
mission has recently recommended that certain
officers of the Navy should be designated, who
have fine abilities and scientific attainments, to form
a school for experimental practice and otherwise,
under Captain Dahlgren, on shore, for the benefit
of the Navy generally. When you look out for
them, you pick our your finest officers; you put
them on shore; they are here, discharging their
duties, for two, three, foui, or five yeais. On ac-
count of their ability and superior attainments
they are kept at the lower end of the list, while
the ordinary men go to the top, in regard to pp.yv
That is the necessary operation of the commit-'
tee's bill. Goto your naval school. The first
.scholar m the class is kept there as a teacher, or
put on board a receiving ship to teach seaman-
ship. The man at the bottom of the class, who
is fit for nothing but to go to sea, goes into active
service, as you call it, at sea, and he-goes to the
head of tb« list as to pay in a few years, and the
best scholar m the class stays at the bottom of it.
A man meets with an accident, and is wounded,
and stays on shore, and the result is the same in
regard to him. Fine officers are selected to£o on
astronomical expeditions—lieutenants; and they
must be kept on shore necessarily for two or three
years bringing up their work after they come back.
Nobodyel.su can bring it up. They are losing
their sea-ser\ it e, while those who go to sea get it.
You can pay them by pausing special ads, but
you predicate the law upon sea-service.
Now let me tell you that in my belief the trouble
is in the Department. If every Secretary of the
Navy has said that he could not get men to sea
because of the influence of Senators and Repre-
sentatives, then every Secretary of the Navy has
been unfit for his place and ought ^to have been
turned out of it. Cannot we get, a man in the office
of the Secretary of 1 he Navy who has any man-
liness, who can resist the persuasive powers of
the honorable Senator from Florida, or any other
honorable'Senator, when he wants tn keep a friend
on shore ?
Mr. MALLORY. He might with me, but not
with you.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Well, sir, if we have any
one who cannot do his duty in that office, and who
is inclined to favor an officer because he is soli-
cited to do it by Senators and Representatives, I
say again ho is unfit for his place; and if that has
been the case with all of them, we have had a
pretty miserable set of officers in that place, and
that is my opinion of them as a general rule. The
mistake is in the men that you put into the ad-
ministrative places of your Government. Un-
doubtedly it may be true that some officers may
want to stay on shore. If they come forward, as
1 said yesterday, with excuses which are not valid,
they ought to be held accountable for it; but that, in
my'judgmcnt, takes place in but vtry few instances,
The great majority of the instances of those who
stay on shore are those who have very good reasons
for it, and the great majority of those who go to
sea prefer to go. They seek the place.
Again; the committee's bill graduates all on sea-
service. A trip to the Mediterranean is a very
nice thing. Everybody wants to go and stay
there three or five years on sea-service. You place
it on the same ground that you do a trip to the
coast of Africa. One year's sea-service on the
coast of Africa or China is worth half a dozen and
should count for half a dozen years in the Med-
iterranean and some other places, and yet it is all
counted the same way. One year's service on
our home squadron, sickly as it is now, should
count more than in other places. All these things
show the entire irregularity in the system that
you propose to have. It is intended, evidently,
from the Senator's remarks, simply for the sendee
that has taken place and for the men now in the
Navy, and not to establish a system that wil
work for all time I will state my object in pro-
posing the amendment, and putting it upon a dif-
ferent service. Take it for granted that officers
in your Departments will do their duty, take it
for granted that men against whom no charges
have been brought have done their duty; what is
the true rule upon which to predicate the pay?
The true rule is to graduate it according to the
time the officer has been in a grade, if you make
any distinction in regard to pay in a grade. As
my friend from Illinois has suggested, no distinc-
tion should be made if they staid in a particular
grade only a reasonable time; but such is the na-
ture of our system, such is the character of it at
the present time, that they must stay many years
— twenty years or more; and it is not fair that a
man should go into a grade and stay in it until he
is an old man, without an advance of pay. If
promotion was rapid, the distinction should not
exist; but promotion is very slow—necessarily
so now—and it will be slower. Therefore, I am
willing to make distinctions which I should not
be willing otherwise to make; and that is the an-
swer to the objection that was suggested by the
Senator from Illinois. At any rate, it is my view
of the answer.
Then, if you take the actual date of the com-
mission in all these cases, give these gentlemen at
the present time as much as they ought to receive,
and pay them liberally according to the time they
have been in the service. I propose to pay them
liberally by the amendments I intend to make in
my own proposition. It will establish a icgular
system which will last, applying not only to those
now in the service, but applying to all who come
after them,graduating the pay according to length
of time in the grade to which they belong, and
not according to the length of time they have been
to sea since they entered the service as boys. The
bill of the committee makes inequalities. My
amendment may perhaps sutler some man like the
lieutenant from "Florida who does not deserve much
to escape; butby the system of the committee you
will be punishing others who have staid on shore,
not from their own will and desire, but because
they were compelled to do so by the orders of the
Department, or for some other reason; for there
are many such in the Navy, as I am informed,
and have no doubt. I wish, as I said before, to
have a system; and one that will not only apply
to the present time, and do justice to those who
are at present in the service, but will apply to all
time in future, graduating their pay according to
the time they have held a commission in their
£rade. The strict rule is to pay the whole accord-
ing to grade, without making a distinction; and if
we could do justice to those who are there now,
that would avoid the injustice which must neces-
sarily be done to those who have not seen a par-
ticular amount of sea-service.
The honorable Senator says that the amend-
ment that I propose is evidently a bill for the
benefit of the pursers. I will say that his bill is
not only for the benefit of lieutenants, but for the
benefit of a portion at the expense of the rest.
That is the amount of it. It works so, as I showed
yesterday. Men who have held a commission for
a short time comparatively to others will draw
according to their sea-service, not from the time
they became lieutenants, but from the time they
entered the Navy in the first place, without refer-
ence at all to the reasons that may have caused or
prevented sea-service in different cases.
The honorable Senator has spoken of the suf-
ferings and services of lieutenants more than once,
with a view evidently, in his attack on my amend-
ment, to encourage the idea that I have design-
edly put them down. It is not so.
