1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2345
part of the country, and it may be said, " your
Representatives voted against providing securities
for constitutional rights." In another part of the
country it can be said, " this man and that man
voted for the protection of these constitutional
rights, meaning to protect slave property; that was
it." You will notletus, consistently, vote against
it, because we say itis for that; and yet you claim
the merit of voting for it for that reason. That is the
character of such propositions. I do not mean to
ascribe any ill motive, any impropef intentions;
but it is owing to the generality of the expression.
In the connection in which it stands in the series,
taken with the resolution which immediately pre-
cedes it, as the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi well said, that previous resolution defines
one of those constitutional rights intended to be
included in this. Therefore, in the series in which
it stands, I cannot vote for the resolution. I have
no objection, however, to the amendment which
the Senator from North Carolina proposes.
Mr. GREEN. • I am a little surprised at the
proposition made by the Senator from North
Carolina; and, I may add, I am not a little sur-
prised—I am more than a little surprised. When
we are asserting here the principle, that it is the
if duty of Government to protect all property that
falls within its jurisdiction, for him, representing
a slave State, to propose to except slaves, is to
me inexplicable. The doctrine of rights—rights
of persons and rightsof property—is well under-
stood. Whether these rights of property in a
slave extend to the Territory or not was at one
time a disputed question. It was by agreement
referred to the court. It has been decided that
the rights of property do extend there-~in slaves
as well as in any other property.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Senator indulge
me a moment? Does he mean to be understood
that we on this side of the House ever had any-
thing to do with that agreement?
Mr. GREEN. Not at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it does not affect us.
Mr. GREEN. 1 had supposed that the high-
est tribunal in the land could settle questions that
went before it; and in that sense it lias been set-
tled, whether the gentlemen be parties to the rec-
ord or not. The principle is settled, though the
parties may not be bound, and may plead that it
was not before the court. Let them do so, if a
subsequent case comcs up. JBut I do not intend
to be drawn off from the line t proposed to pursue.
The question of non-intervention was in refer-
ence to rights, not remedies. The question was,
whether those rights do extend there or not; and if
not, shall Congress give you those rights, or shall
Congress take those rights away? This brought
up a collision between tlie two extremes as to the
question of rights. The common understanding
of the friends of the JCansas-Nebraska bill was,
" we will leave that question to the determination
of the courts, as to the right." The question of
remedies to punish those who invade rights was
never in contemplation; it was never a mooted
question; nor is there a single Senator on the
other side of the Chamber who would for a mo-
ment hesitate to say that all necessary remedies
should be given to secure all actual constitutional
rights. As to what are constitutional rights, we
differ; but there is not a single Republican nor
a single Democrat but would say, " whatever
your constitutional rights are, adequate remedies
to protect them ought to be provided." This
fifth resolution only contemplates that—to afford
the necessary remedy to secure whatever may be
a constitutional right; and then steps in the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, and says, " except
slaves." I ran make no further argument upon it.
Mr. IVERSQN. The reason given by the
Senator from North Carolina, and the only reason
which he has given, why his amendment should
be put upon the resolution of the Senator from
Mississippi, has no possible influence on my mind
to vote for the amendment. Sir, he is afraid that
if we pass this lesolution without his explanation,
the northern people will charge us with being dis-
posed to adopt a slave code. Now, sir, 1 am for
the assertion of a right and a principle, 116 matter
by what name you call it, and no matter who may
_ put upon it an opprobrious epithet. I believe that
' the southern people are entitled to protection for
their property in the Territories, ana that protec-
tion cannot be obtained unless you pass laws de-
fining the rights of the owners, and giving them
remedies for the enjoyment of those rights; and
whether you call that a slave codeornotis imma-
terial tome; and I do not care a sixpence whether
it suits the taste of the North, or any other por-
tion of the American people or not, I am for the
thing. If the Senator from North Carolina is
afraid of offending the delicate tastes of our north-
ern friends, let him be so, and be guided by that
delicacy of taste. For one, I am not afraid of
offending the taste of the northern people. I am
for asserting the rights of the southern people
here and everywhere, let them offend whom they
may; and I stand here, sir, as the defender of
those rights.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask leave to make a
modification of the amendment. I may say that
the particular form of theamendmentaspresented
was not what I had drawn myself. I drew it on
consultation with one or two friends on this side
of the House who agree with me; but I find that
itis liable to misconstruction. 1 propose to put
in the words "at this time," so as to exclude a
conclusion. I believe I have a right to modify
my own amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The sole purpose, was to
exclude any conclusion, which might be enter-
tained by Senators unfriendly to the resslution,
that we intended to assert such a proposition as
that hereafter, which might be at an early day or
at a remote day, we intended to provide a system
of laws, commonly called a slave code, to main-
tain slavery. The Senator from Georgia says he
does not care what view is taken in the North. 1
desire, in passing these propositions, not to placo
ourselves in a position to embarrass any of our
friends. I am very free to say, because we all
know, that these resolutions arc merely political
in their character, at this time. They are not
practical; at least, not immediatelyso. Ihey may
have some effect upon the politics of the country,
and they may benefit or hurt. It is very common
with parties, m these political contests, to refer to
tlieopinionsand votesofleadingmenon these ques-
tions. For example, if I were speaking against the
Republican party, I might refer to the views of
the Senator from New York, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Seward,] or to the votes of the party on
propositions. In the same way, when they at-
tack us, if we place ourselves in a situation to be
vulnerable, they will say, of course, if they sup-
pose they can make anybody believe it, that we
intend hereafter, though not now—perhaps after
the presidential election, or at some other time—to
force the system of slavery, by means of a slave
code, upon the Territories. In voting for the res-
olution, which, as I repeat, I can do very cheer-
fully, I wish simply to exclude that conclusion.
I did not support the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont, because it was broad and general.
I am not disposed to speak for the future abso-
lutely. 1 only want to exclude the idea that, in
adopting this particular resolution, we intend to
assert that we will legislate in that way. I am
not prepared to say we will not do it at any time.
I do notdesne to make any declaration of that |
kind. The purpose of the pioviso I ha-vo offered, [
as I have modified it, is to declare that it is not j
our purpose to assert, at this time, the duty of j
Congress to provide that system. This meets my I
own view—the view 1 offered in my speech. |
Whether it meets the view of other Senators or
not, I cannot say, and really I am indifferent j
about it. I prepared an amendment somewhat (
different in form from this; but I accepted this, on j
consultation with one or two friends. If, how- j
ever, they even think it is unnecessary, and do i
not vote for it, it will not embarrass me at all. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-1
ment, as modified, is: j
ProritlrJ, Thnt it i:- not horfhy intended toa^ort ;U tin- ,
tune the duty of Con^res-* to piovide a t-yrftem ot lawa toi
tilo maintenance ol slavery.
Mr. GREEN. Does that mean asserting at
this time ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLK. I was opposed to the amendment
as it was first offered by the Senatorfrom North
Carolina; and it seems to mo that with the expla-
nation he now gives it is exactly tantamount to
the resolution we have pist adopted.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. If so, I am willing to with-
draw it, if Senators are satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent to withdraw it, the yeas and
nays having been ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. HALE. I was about to suggest to ,-the
Senator from North Carolina that he is going to
restrict it very much; and in these days of strict
construction it may mean that it is not necessai y
on this 25th day of May. I would suggest to
him to amend it so as to say that it is not neces-<
sary " about this time," [laughter,] to give it a
broader latitude.
Mr. POLK. I do not understand the yeas and
nays to have been ordered on the proviso as the
Senator from North Carolina proposes to modify
it. Tlie yeas and nays have been ordered on the
amendment as he first offered it, as I understand.
I think the two propositions are different.'
Mr. CLINGMAN. I said I was willing to
withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS. The purpose seems to be to ex-
clude conclusions which may be drawn by persons
hostile to the resolutions. There are sevei-al facts
in physical, moral, and political science not ifi-
cludea in the resolutions, and there are several
conclusions that might be drawn by an ingenious
mind which no provision has been made to ex-
elude. It is difficult, sir, to frame resolutions,
brief as they must be, so that they may not be
tortured from their true meaning by one who is
ingenious and willing to do so; against such forced
rendering I do not deem it needful to guard; but
there is a plain construction to be put upon the
amendment which exceeds the declared purpose,
and which is objectionable, it is not explanatory
but is an avowal, that we do not think it at this
time necessary to legislate for the maintenance
of a particular kind of property. Why not? Is
there any particular kind of property under the
ban ? One of the modes of legislating for this
particular kind of property is to declare that the
common law extends to the Territories of the
United States. Another mode of legislating would
be to repeal laws which made a discrimination
without constitutional authority. I am not pre-
pared to say at this time, or at any other, that
I disclaim all purpose to legislate for the main-
tenance of any particular kind of property. [
must insist that this property stands on the same
basis as any other; and I do not understand the
resolution, which has been adopted against my
vote, to be tantamount to a declaration that we do
not recognize the obligation of this Government
to legislate at any future time for the maintenance
of that particular kind of property, but only to
assert that the necessity does not now exist.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is there any objection to
my withdrawing the amendment?
Mr. CHANDLER and others. I object.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will take the words " at this time" out
of his proposition, because with them it is very
equivocal. It intimates, as the Senator from New
Hampshire has suggested, that just in these cir-
cumstances, or at this time, it is not advisable,
but leaves the supposition that it is the intention
of Congress, at some future time, to proceed in
this course of legislation. Therefore, the proviso
would be more mischievous in that shape than if
it were wholly omitted. As to the rest, I am in
favor of the proviso, with a little alteration or
addition to it, being added to the resolution.
I voted against the propositioriuf the Senator
from Vermont, declaring that it'nlwr. would be
necessary for Congress, in any rircwnstances^to
intervene for the protection of sin alpfoperty, for
j it may be necessary. I can ^imagine a case in
which it would be necessary, not only in the Ter-
ritories, but in the States. • When we are called
upon by the proper authority of a State, it be-
comes the duty of the Federal Government to
execute the laws of the State, in particular emer-
gencies. Therefore, I say, it is a monstrous prop-
osition to declare that in no event could we ever
interfere for the protection of any form of prop-
erty, either in a Territory or a State.
But, if I understood the word " slavery," in this
proviso, as the'Senator from Mississippi under-
stands it, I shouldvoteagainstit; and that is what
I want the Senator from North Carolina to make
clear. If a Territory degenerates into anarchy or
confnsion, if a Territorial Legislature attacks and
destroys any form of property duly recognized as
such, 1 acknowledge that it is our business to take
it out of the hands of the territorial authorities, as I
think we ought to take the territorial government of
Utah out of the hands of the present authorities
there; but as to exercising a municipal power of
