1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Captains, commanders, or lieutenants, in some in-
stances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be; but it does
not follow, because an increase is necessary in
some instances, that therefore it is necessary in
all. I do nothold to any such logic. The ques-
tion after all is, whether it is enough, not whether
it is increased, but whether it is sufficient pay;
whether it is honorable pay; whether it is all they
ought to receive, and what they ought to be satis-
fied with. This idea that you must pay a man
according to his rank so much beyond the amount
that you pay to others who happen to be a little
younger, and not so fortunate in relation to that
matter, is all idle to my mind. The question
simply is whether, when you pay a captain $4,000
when in command of a vessel, and $3,500 when
in command of a navy-yard, where ho has a house
and servant at his disposal, and £>2,500 when he
is doing nothing, you do not pay him enough.
If the Senate think otherwise, of course they will
pay more. I am not particular about it; J am not
quarreling about the dollars and cents'. If I have
made an error in reference to that, 1 shall be very
glad to correct it; but the fact is, that it seems to
be nearly impossible for any error ever to be made
on our side. Nobody believes can ever pay
officers too much, under any circumstances. I
believe we may in some grades. I do not say
that we do; but if I have made a mistake about
that, of course I am perfectly willing to have it set
right.
"The truth is, Mr. President, that in legislating
on these matters we are governed altogether too
much by the solicitations of those about us. If
it was possible for the Senate and llouso of Rep-
resentatives to be rid of the continual and the
contradictory and diverse statements*^ those in-
terested, we might legislate with sonie hope of
success. For myself, I have been in favor from
the beginning of raising the pay of our naval offi-
cers, putting it up to a reasonable point, so that
men could be well and even handsomely paid for
their services in all the grades. I have been anx-
ious, too, that m passing a hill we should get one
that would accomplish the put pose, and not only
go through this body, but go through the other.
My fear is that by grasping at too much you will
lose the whole; that it will be found impossible to
pass any bill. 1 hope it will not bo so, but that
is the fear I entertain.
With regard to the last section which was
spoken of by the Senator, I have no sort of e.ue
about it; I merely put it in for tin- purpose of call-
ing the attention ol the Senate !o (he fact that there
is what is called this bogus pay. I ('anybody moves
to strike it out, 1 am perfectly willing that if should
be stricken out, if «uch is the sense of the >S< nute.
Now, .sir, before I sit down, 1 will, for the sake
of setting this matter right—although, as 1 have
said before, I have not the slightest expectation
of my amendment passing; for as to contending
against a committee, when nobody hut the mem-
bers of the committee attend to the question, it is
useless—make a few modifications m my amend-
ment, to which, I presume, there will be no ob-
jection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) No action having yet been taken on
the Senator's amendment, it is in his power to
modify it as he pleases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-nine I
move to strike out" $750" and insert " §300," so
as to bring jl back to a pioper position in regard
to lieutenants commanding at sea. That will al-
low them *>2,500 instead of $2,730, as I at first
proposed. The Senator from Florida says that 1
have got too much; that thrie should be a dis-
tinction between a lieutenant commanding and a
commander, and therefore I ha\e restored it to
his bill. In line thirty I propose to strike out
"five" and insert " three,'' and the same altera-
tion in line thirty-live and m line forty; and in
line forty-five to strike out " fifteen" and insert
"nine." That would place very nearly every
lieutenant at once in a proper position, and where
lie certainly ought not to complain. That will
give lieutenants the'increased pay at the end of
each three years instead of each five, f wish to
make my hill conform to the Senate) 's in regard
to pursers, by inserting after the word "thou-
sand," it) line f i"Iry-eight, "one hundred," so as
to it-ad o:; other duty;"and by striking
out, m line iunvty-.>Q\(:ii, *k mx," and inserting
"eight," so as to give them $2,800 after fifteen
years' service. In line one hundred I strike out
the words " at sea $2,000, or other duty," so that
it will read, "professors of mathematics shall re-
ceive when on duty $1,800, and on leave or wait-
ing orders $1,500.
Mr. MALLORY. Strike out your bogus pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can move
that. I want the Senate to understand it. The
Senator proposes that every lieutenant raised in
consequence of the action of the retiring board shall
have full pay. If the Senate think that ought to
be done, 1 have no objection. I propose also, in
line three of section three, to strike out the words
" Navy and," and insert "a;" so as to make the
substitute conform to the original bill. It seems
to be the general sense of those with whom I have
conversed that the proviso to the first section of
my substitute should bo stricken out; so as to abol-
ish the bogus pay, and put all the officers on full
pay. I am willing to modify it in that way, to
strike out the proviso, beginning at line one hun-
dred and sixty-live; and that will lead to the ne-
cessity of striking out the word " further," in line
one hundred and seventy-three. These are all the
modifications I propose to make; and the Senate
having the amendment before them can do with it
as they sec fit. I care no more about it than any
other individual.
Mr. SIMMONS. Idesireto suggest an amend-
ment or two before the question is taken. I pre-
fer the amendment of the Senator from Maine to
the original bill, because it is less complicated;
but there are, in my judgment, too many grades
in both; there are too many nice distinctions as
to various terms of service. I want to suggest
some modifications to the amendment, and to draw
the attention of the chairman to them, to know
if they would not make it better than even his
bill. I agree with pretty much everything the
Senator from Florida said about these naval offi-
cers; but I thmk his bill contains too many grades,
and at the same time it conceals what I believe to
be a fact, that these terms of scrvicc will place
pretty nearly every man, when he reaches a lieu-
tenancy, on the very highest pay. Most of them
served in lower grades than that«of lieutenant, for
about the term which ho has named as giving
them the highest pay. I have heard him state
how long he serves as midshipman and master
and one thing oranother;and 1 have calculated it
out that it would reach pretty near the time for
the highest pay by the time he gets a lieutenant's
commission. I think one fatal difficulty m mak-
ing these grades is, that the committee do not
eonsidei that the expense of these officers of all
classes is greatly owing to their social position,
and m that respect they all enjoy the same so-
cial position. A midshipman enjoys the same
social position as a commander or a captain—1
mean in society; I moan in supporting his fam-
ily at home; and therefore 1 think the lower grades
have greater claims to our regard, and to have
their pay increased, than the higher ones.
The Senator from Florida has but two rates of
pay for commanders; and I should like to know
why there should be any more for other officers.
He says, in his bill, that commanders on duty at
sea for the first five years shall receive $>2,825.
They now have $2,500. That is an increase of
$$25. For the second five years they are to have
$3,150, which is an increase of $650. Then every
commander on other duty, for the first five years,
is to have $2,062. That is an increase of §762 over
what he now has. For the second five years he
is to get $2,825, which is an increase of $925 on
§1.900—veiy nearly fifty per cent. I can see no
propnety in making such a Krge inciease in that
class of officers. They are well paid now. I like
the amendment of the Senator ft om Maine better.
Mr AIALLORY. I ask the Senator to state his
figures over again, as to commanders. I thmk he
is mistaken.
Mr. SIMMONS. Commanders now reccive
£.2,500 when on actual duty, whether five years
or ten years in the service. The Senator has in-
creased them in one instance §325, and in the
other $650. When they are on other duty they
get $1,900. 
Twenty-two hundred and
Mr. MALLORY.
fifty dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS.
Mr. MALLORY,
have got.
The book«ays $1,900.
That is the bogus pay you
Mr. SIMMONS. I have got such pay as is
printed in the Register. The amendment of the
Senator from Maine gives them §2,750, and after
five years $3,000. Now, I want to call the atten-
tion of Senators to the first grade of lieutenants.
The bill gives them the same pay when they are
on sea-service and on other duty. The Senator
from Florida says he wants to encourage lieuten-
ants to active sea-service.
Mr. MALLORY. That pay is so low that you
cannot well graduate it.
Mr, SIMMONS. That is the very reason why-
it ought to be increased. I say the Senator's bill
conflicts with his argument. He wants to make
a distinction between lieutenants on sea-service
and on shore-duty; and yet he puts them both
alike in the first grade. That, I think, is wrong.
I have drawn an amendment that I propose for
these lieutenants, and I should like to ask his at-
tention to it particularly. I propose that for the
first seven years after the date of their commis-
sion as lieutenants they shall receive $1,800 a
year when on sea-service duty—that is §300 more
than he gives the first grade—and §1,500 when
they are on shore-duty—the same as he gives
them. I think if lieutenants were paid that much
difference for sea-duty, they would desire to go
to sea instead of getting their friends to importune
the Secretary of the Navy to leave them on shore;
but if theyhavono more pay at sea than on shore,
there is a great inducement for them to keep on
shore. I think it is proper to raise the pay of
these lieutenants immediately when they get their
commissions.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senator
that there are but fifteen lieutenants of that grade.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not go*hy numbers. I
go on the principle.
Mr. MALLORY. The principle has no appli-
cation. There are but fifteen who will be upon
this equalized pay of $1,500 afloat and on shore.
Mr. SIMMONS.* I ask the Senator if he can
justify his bill according to his argument, when
it gives them the same pay on shore as at sea? It
is no matter whether there is one or twenty of
them, if the principle is wrong. I would put in,
that after seven years from the date of their com-
mission they should go to the highest pay, ^>2,250
at sea, ^2,000 on other duty, and $1,500 on leave
or waiting orders. I should like to have his as-
sent to that, because 1 believe that is the fairer
rule. Make but two grades of it
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senator in
reply to that, one word. No man is made a lieu-
tenant before he has seen six years' sea-service;
and the Senator proposes to give him the highest
pay after he has seen seven years' service as a
lieutenant. That makes thirteen years' sea-ser-
vice altogether, which is precisely the point at
which the committee have provided the maxi-
mum.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I do not want so many
intermediate steps. I give them, when they re-
ceive a lieutenant's commission, $1,800 if they are
actually at sea, and $1,500 on shore. You give
them $1,500 at sea and $l,500on shore. I thmk
there is a propriety in raising them as soon as they
get their commissions, and not make so much de-
pend on sca-service. 1 know the fact that mid-
shipmen in the Navy fifty years ago were compe-
tent to navigate any ship. 1 happened to be at sea
in a storm about fifty years agof when we lost the
navigator and lay to. We fell in with the frigate
Constitution, and Captain Hull put a midshipman
on board who carricd us into a port and was as
good a commander as the one we had and who
was lost overboard. He managed the ship as well
as any one could, and he was a mere midshipman
—perhaps twenty-five years old. They are com-
petent officers, before they get to be lieutenants, to
sail a ship anywhere; and they have seen a good
deal of service.
My opinion is, that when a lieutenant gets to be
thirty years of age, which I understand is about
the average ago when they are appointed to that
rank, they are at a time of life when their expenses
are nearly as large as they ever will be; and, as
1 said before, the social position of even a mid-
shipman and lieutenant is precisely the same in
society as that of commanders. Their expenses
are very heavy, compared with their income. I
think the time to help these officers is when they
begin life, and not to let them commencc m debt
and go wading through life under a load of debt.
