2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
legislation to maintain-apolitical relation in aTerri-
tory, I think Congress never ought to do it in any
ease. I do not want to vote for the proviso, if it
declares that, in noeventand in no circumstances,
will Congress intervene to protect slave property,
if that property is undulyattacked; but I do wish
to vote for it, if it declares that Congress will not
assume territorial power of legislation to establish
that institution or maintain it. Therefore, 1 want
the words" at this time" stricken out; and I move
tostrike them out; and also, to add, after the word
"slavery," the words "as a political institution."
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
the amendment of the Senator from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division of the
question on the amendments of the Senator from
Ohio. I suppose they are really two. He moves
to strike out certain words,and to add other words.
I doubt whether he can properly make such a
motion as that. He does not propose to insert
the words in the place of those to be stricken out;
but to add them to another portion of the pend-
ing amendment of the Senator from North Caro-
lina. At any rate, 1 wish to vote separately on
the motion to strike out the words "at this time."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
doubt that the Amendment is susceptible of divis-
ion, and the question will first be on striking- out
those words.
Mr. 1VERSON. T rise to inquire thediflferenee,
if any gentleman can enlighten mo—perhaps the
Senator from North Carolina can—between as-
serting And asserting at this time. The original
proposition is that it is not intended to assert that
Congress will do so and so. Assort when? Next
year? To-morrow? No, sir; assert at this time.
It is not intended that the Senate at the present
time, at the time we arc acting, will assert the
proposition. The Senator from North Carolina
introduces an amendment, and the amendment is
precisely the same as the original proposition. It
is that we will not assert at tins time. It seems
to me that it is the difference between tweedle
dum and tweedle dee, which for my life 1 cannot
see.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is right; the proviso
cannot ouUun the resolution according to the or-
dinary construction of language; but the phrase
"at this time" in this connection is what we al-
ways call a negative pregnant. It is an intimation
that some other time we shall assert it. Therefore
it is unnecessary to the resolution; unnecessary
to the proviso, and I think the Senate might well
consent to strike out those words.
Mr. GRIMES. In order that there maybe no
misapprehension on this subject, and in order to
meet what I apprehend are the views of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, and of the Senators
with whom he says he consulted, though I have
no authority for saying so, I propose to add after
" at this time" the words, "or until after the
ensuing presidential election." [Laughter.] 1
apprehend that will meet the case, that this decla-
ration shall not be made until after the election.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa is in order to per-
fect the proviso before the vote is taken on striking
out. Will the Senator restate the words?
Mr. GRIMES. " Until after the ensuingpresi-
dential election."
Mr. PUGH. My amendment is in the second
degree, and I do not think the Senator can get his
in at present.
Mr. WiGFALL. I trust, sir, that we shall
have a vote without further discussion on these
questions, i regret extremely that the Senator
from North Carolina has deemed it his duty to
introduce any amendments to these resolutions.
They were plain, they were explicit, they were
easily understood. 1 hey asseitcd general piin-
ciples, without any declaration as to whether we
intended now or hereafter to enforce them; but
with a distinct declaration that they never would
be, of course, unless a necessity arose. Now, the
Senator from North Carolina comes in with an
amendment that we will not assert them at this
time, which, as the Senator from Ohio has very
pertinently said, is a negative pregnant, implying
that we will do it some other time, whether the
necessity arises or not, I suppose—ex fuma dare
luccm, showing, when he intends to exclude a con-
elusion, that he does precisely what he intended j
not to do. By voting for a proviso that we do not !
intend to do it at this time, we show conclusively
that we intend to do it at some other time. The
whole amendment has produced nothing but con-
fusion and division here. I trust we may take the
vote without further debate. I am sure the Sen-
ator from North Carolina does not intend to
embarrass us or defeat the proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Of course not. I offered
to withdraw my amendment, but objection was
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa insist on his amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I do not. It is only
an explanation of what I considered to be the
views of the Senator from North Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa withdraws his amendment. The ques-
tion is on striking out the words " at this time."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on adding to the end of the proviso the
words " as a political institution;" so that it will
read:
Provided, That it is not hereby intended to assert at this
time the duty of Congress to provide a system of laws for
the maintenance of slavery as a political iiibUUUion.
Mr. HALE. Now, candidly, I should like a
little light on that subject. The Senator from
Texas says they are all agreed over there on that
side of the Chamber, and I certainly do not desire
to disturb the happy family; but what that means,
that they do not want protection for sUvei y as a
political institution, I do not know.
. Mr. PUGH. I do.
Mr. HALE. You belong to the family.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator can inquire
from the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HALI£. I known the opinion of Mr.
Webster was that slavery was not an institution.
I do not know what it was; but he said it was not
an institution. This amendmentseems to recog-
nize the fact that it does want protection in some
other capacity; but as a political institution it does
not need any. 1 want to vote understandingly,
and I should like to have an explanation of that
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Slavery does not need protec-
tion anywhere as a poiitical institution.
Mr. HALE. It does not?
Mr. BROWN. It does not; hut like other
property, it needs protection everywhere. There
is a vast deal of difference between slavery and
what the amendment designates it to be—" an in-
stitution.'' That is protected by the Constitution;
but we do not seek to establish it beyond the
limits of the Constitution. What we ask is pro-
tection to slaves as property; nothing more. Our
claim is that slavery goes wherever the Constitu-
tion goes. If we arc mistaken in that, and the
Supreme Court so determines, there is an end of
the controversy. That doctrine that the Consti-
tution protects the institution, not the property;
that slavery goes wherever the Constitution goes,
we think is fairly deducible from the Dred Scott
decision; not that the Constitution created sla-
very anywhere, but when the Constitution came
into being it found slavery already in existence.
When I take my property in slaves to a Terri-
toiy, I claim simply that my Government is
bound to protect it as property, not to propagate
the institution by law. The institution propa-
gates itself under the agency of the Constitution
precisely as horses, cattle, mules, and everything
else go to a Territory. We want no law to send
them there. They go as a matter of course.
They go under the general protection given by
the Constitution; but being there as property,
they require, and they are entitled to, special le-
gislative protection according to their kind and
description. That is all we claim for slavery or
for slave property.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, to add
the words "as a political institution."
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Myamendmentnothaving
been modified in any way, it is still under my
control. I modify it still further by adding cer-
tain words, to remove a difficulty suggested by
the Senator from Mississippi. It is to insert at
the end the words," or any other species of prop-
erty;" so that it will read:
Provided, That it is not hereby intended to assert at this
time the duty of Congress to provide a system of laws lor
the maintenance of slavery or any other species of prop-
erty.
Mr. DAVIS. That relieves it from an offens-
ive discrimination which was contained in the
original form, but it is still an assertion of the
paralysis of the Federal Government. It is our
duty to protect all rights of persons or property
in the Territories, and this is the denial of our
intention to perform it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the modification proposed by the Senator
from North Carolina.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Is there any pending amend-
ment to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
amendment is still pending.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The only thing we can
vote on is the original amendment, which I of-
fered because I had a right to modify it; and I did
modify it by putting in those word's. The pre-
vious amendment of the Senator from Ohio had
already been rejected. I take it, therefore, there
was really no other amendment except my ori-
ginal one at the time the Chair put the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Which is now
before the.Senate. The Senator had no right to
propose the amendment last voted on without the
consent of the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I supposed, as my amend-
ment had not been modified in any way, that I
had a right to modify it myself. Is not that the
rule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was last stated and put upon the modification
proposed by the Senator himself; and the ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from North Carolina.
Air. CLINGMAN. Then there was a mis-
understanding on my part; for I supposed there
would be no objection to my modifying it. I un-
derstood there was no objection to its being mod-
ified, and that it did not need to have a vote on it;
and in fact, if that were the question, I did not
vote for it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have it read in
the form in which it now stands.
Mr. HALE. The form is the same.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert at
the end of the fifth resolution, the following:
Provided, That it is not hereby intended to assert at this
time the duty of Congress to provide a system of lawagfor
the maintenance of slavery.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Aq,d the other words fol-
low that I put in there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They were not
put in by the Senate. They were rejected by a
vote of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I understand the Senator has a
right to modify his own resolution. Itis his, un-
less the Senate adopt or change it.
Mr. HALE. Not after the yeas and nays are
ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
already stated that the modification proposed by
the Senator from North Carolina was voted down.
Docs the Senator from North Carolina now pro-
pose any modification ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The words "at this time"
were proposed after the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. And accepted. I have
always understood that the mover of a proposi-
tion can modify it, unless it has been altered by
some vote. The mere calling of the yeas and nays
on a proposition does not prevent his modifying
it, and that is the appeal I now make to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The language
of the rule is," until there be action of the Senate."
Mr. CLINGMAN. But when there has been
no action of the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There had been
a vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It did not change it. It .
was refusingaparticularamendment. I supposed
the mover of a proposition might modify it him-
self until it was changed by some action of the
body. 1 know that is the rule of the House. I
do not say that it is so here.
