1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina propose to change the
form of the amendment as it now stands?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir; I wanted to add
the words which were read.
Mr. LANE. They were voted down.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But if the Chair holds that
I have the right to modify my own amendment,
it not having been altered by the Senate, then 1
have a right to put in those words.
Mr. LANE. I suggest, after the words have
been voted down by a vote of the Senate, that the
Senator cannot of his own accord put in those
words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
from North Carolina had asked the unanimous
consent of the Senate to make the alteration, and
it had been given, he certainly would have the
right to make it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I supposed I had the right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before the Sen-
ator asked the puvilege of making the change,
there was a vote on the proposition. It took it
out of his power to modify it, except by vote of
the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was acting under general
parliamentary law and the rules of the House,
which allow a modification to be made under the
circumstances I have stated; and I supposed it
was good here, and did not know it was neces-
sary to ask general consent. I do not think it
has been the usage of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. If thatis therulingof the Chair,
I object to those woids " at this time " remaining
in the amendment—for they were put in since the
yeas and nays were ordered—unless they are in-
serted by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. LANE. There have been no words put
in.
Mr. PUGH. They were not in the resolution
at the time the yeas and nays wore demanded, and
the Chair has now decided that the Senator has
not the right to insert any words in Ins own
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is too late to go back
now to what was done half an hour ago. I hope
we shall take the vote.
Mr. PUGH. I object to tho.se words being in-
serted, under the ruling of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina, and on that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Clmgman, Dixon, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Hamlin, Latham, Pugh, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and
Wil>on—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biagg, Bright, Pa own,Ches-
nut, Clay, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Gieen, Hammond, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Iver^on, Johnson of Arkan^.i"-, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, NiehoUon,
I'carce, Polk, Powell, Ilice, Saul&bury, Sebastian, Slidell,
Thomson, Toombs, Wigiail, and Yulee--31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. Is there any pending amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
amendment pending. The question is on the
adoption of the fifth resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I move to strike out all after
the word "resolved " of that resolution, and in-
sert the following in lieu thereof:
That experience having already shown that the Con-
stitution and the common law, unaided by statutory pro-
vision, do not a'lford adequate and sufficient piotcction to
slave property, some of the Territories having tailed, otheis
having refused, to pass such enactments, it has become the
duty of Congiess to interpose and pass such laws as will
afford to slave property in the Teiritories that protection
which is given to other kinds of property.
I have not one word of comment to offer. I
simply ask for the yeas and nays on the adoption
of the amendment
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the yeas and nays
are ordered, I wish to offer an amendment to the
amendment, and then let the yeas and nays be
ordered. I do not propose to discuss it. It is to
strike out all after the word 4' that" of the amend-
ment, and insert the following:
Nothing contained in these resolutions shall apply to any
territory acquired of Mexico, in which slavery or involun-
tary servitude was abolished by l<jw before the acquisition.
Mr. DAVIS. This is the same train of thought
which was pursued when the interjected resolu-
tion between the fourth and fifth was accepted.
It is the declaration of facts in a series of resolu*
tions which were intended to deal with general
propositions, if fact it can be called which an-
nounces as a law that which never was a law,
which was originally no more than the decree of
a dictator, which received a subsequent sanction
by legislation, with such conditions that those
conditions never having been fulfilled, it never
deserved to be called a law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, If the honorable Senator
from Mississippi will allow me, Idid-not intend to
provoke any debate or discussion; and I would
prefer to withdraw the amendment rather than
provoke a discussion upon thisquestion. I would
be very glad to have a vote taken upon it, if it
could be without discussion; but I do not wish to
take up the time of the Senate. I will therefore,
with the leave of the Senate, withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn; and the
question recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I will so far comply with the
wishes of the Senate to proceed to a vote as to
make very few remarks upon that; and I merely
say that, though the provocation is extreme, I shall
waive all controversy with my colleague about it,
and limit my remarks to the simple sentence: that
these are not joint resolutions, nor are they bills
proposing legislative action. The facts, as stated
in that amendment, might require a joint resolu-
tion, might require a bill; but the mere asseriion
by the Senate of those facts, if they be so, could
have no effect at all. A general declaration of a
principle, on which legislation may arise, may
have some future value. The assertion of a par-
ticular, special fact, by the Senate alone, would
be a mere nullity.
Mr. 1VERS0N. I barely wish to say, sir, by
way of putting myself rectus in curia, that if the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] was introduced as a separate ana distinct
proposition, arid not as a substitute for the fifth
resolution, I would support it. I agree with the
Senator from Mississippi who has offered it, that
the facts asserted are true, and the necessity and
propriety of action upon these facts are also ob-
vious. I would, therefore, vote for them as a dis-
tinct pioposition; but 1 do not think they ought
to be substituted for the fifth resolution of this
series. The fifth resolution of the series asserts
principles, asserts a future policy to be adopted by
the Government, and is not predicated upon any
facts which arc now supposed to exist, or which
really do exist. I think 1 may vote for the fifth
resolution, and against the substitution of the
resolution of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] withoutatallcompromitting myself upon
the great question as to whether there is any ne-
cessity or propriety or policy now of adopting an
act of Congress for the purpose of changing the
condition of things in any of the Territories of the
United States.
Mr. CLAY. I simply wish to say that the re-
marks of the Senator from Georgia, who has just
taken his seat, explain fully my vote.
Mr. BROWN. I will accommodate gentlemen.
I will move the resolution as next in the series
after the fifth. I thought myself that the two res-
olutions standing together would be inconsistent
with one another. If it does not suit gentlemen,
however, to take it in the present form, I will
withdraw it as an amendment, and offer it, as soon
as the fifth resolution shall be disposed of, as an
independent resolution.
Mr. CLAY. That will not accomplish the
purpose of the Senator from Georgia, nor nunc
either. If it is offered as a bill it might, but not
as a mere resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I suited yesterday that I had a
bill before the Committee on Territories for more
than ninety days, and 1 cannot get it out of com-
mittee. If I introduce another one, it would lie
there again for ninety days. Then, sir, if gentle-
men will not be accommodated by withdrawing
it, and offering it as a separate resolution, I will
let the first proposition stand. Without discuss-
ing it, I simply ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask that the resolution be
read again. I have not heard it.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the substitute, and I will not detain the
Senate by giving elaborately, or at length, my
reasons for doing so. As I said to the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Chngman]I say to
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown*} that
I regret extremely, being friends of the section in
which they live, that somehow or other thfeir con-
duct and action have been calculated to divide and
to distract us, and to defeat all action on this si<je
of the Chamber which looks to any future action
or the establishment of any sound, conservative,
constitutional principles. That is the result; mo-
tives a man cannot judge of. When gentlemen
say their motives are pure and patriotic, I have
no right to dispute their assertions. God only
can look into the human heart and dccide; but
I know what the effect of this thing has been, and
the effect of this resolution is precisely to destroy
the whole purpose that we have, and that is, to
make a declaration of faith upon which wc can
go to the country, both North and South.
Sir, I have no apprehension of going to the
North advocating principles. I never have found
the northern Democracy faltering or failing. I
have no fear of going into the next presidential
canvass in Massachusetts, in Connecticut, in •
Ohio, in Indiana, in Illinois, anywhere, with the
Constitution in my hand, and saying to the Dem-
ocrats of these States, do you stand by the Con-
stitution? Will you abandon sectionalism ? Will
you do equal justice to every section? Will you
treat us as brothers? Will you act upon the prin-
ciple that these States are all equal,that this Con-
stnutionisacompact, thattheUnionitselfcan only
be maintained by carryingout the principles of Lhe
Constitution and administering the Government in
such a manner as to make it a blessing both to
the North and the South ? But when resolutions
settingforth our constitutional rights, and which,
it is known, nine out of ten of the northern Dem-
ocrats upon this floor arc ready to vote for, and
when it is only the tenth man from the North
who will not vote for them—just at that time,
when we can get a declaration of the enure vote
from the South, and every man from the North
who is sound, the Senator from Mississippi, and
the Senator from North Carolina come tn and
offer impracticable resolutions which they know
the entire northern Senators will vote against and
a large majority of us. Why ? I do not say what
their motive ik; but I say the effect of a vote upon
such a resolution as the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] has introduced, is to put every
northern Democrat, the soundest and the most
fishy, and a large proportion of the southern
Democracy, upon precisely the same footing; so
that you may go to the country and say, where
is the difference between Douglas and Bright,
Lane and Pugii ? All of them voted against this
resolution, and ought all to stand on the same
platform, for all of them are equally unsound.
That is the effect. I make no charges as to
motives; but I say that is the effect of these reso-
lutions. More than that: they say, not only are
Douglas and Pugh, but Gwin and Latham, all
upon the same footing; and there are Clay and
Davis andTooMBs and Iverson,they have voted
against it, too; and they are as bad as Douglas.
The effect of this thing is to bolster up a man
who has deserted the principles of our party, as
I believe; who has warred against us; who has
voted with the Opposition; who is cooperating
with them here; whose friend and representa-
tive, upon every one of these amendments thatis
brought in, is returning thanks, showing by his
conduct that he is highly gratified to see the dis-
turbance in this " happy family,"as the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] calls us.
Now, sir, I am not for having a disturbance in
the " happy family." These resolutions set forth
our principles, and I am ready to vote for them;
but I am not willing to vote upon a naked ques-
tion of fact, cither that the emergency has now
arisen or that it will arise, or that it never will.
That is a question of fact about which I am not
informed. I am willing to vote for a resolution
that sets forth principles. The resolutionsoffered
by the Senator from.Mississippi [Mr. Davis] set
forth clear constitutional principles. They de-
clare simply that as far as the jurisdiction of the
Federal Government extends, the Government is
bound to protect property of every kind. I can
go, as I said before, to the North and the South,
the East and the West, upon the great lakes and
upon the Gulf, upon the coast of the Pacific and
