1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
assertion that if any such are to be found here .or
elsewhere, they arc " like angels'visits—few and
far between. '' No, sir., such a demand persisted
in by the South at the Charleston convention
would not only break up the convention, but
would dissolve the national Democratic party.
Sir, I do not hesitate to express my opinion that
the demand ought to be made and adhered to, and
nmde the condition precedent of party affiliation
with the northern Democracy in the selection and
support of a presidential candidate; and if not
granted by the northern delegates, the convention
ought to be broken up by the withdrawal of the
southern members. It is better for the South, far
better, to assert and maintain her rights at all
hazards than to yield them to expediency or the
hope and prospect of a temporary political or
party triumph.
And now, sir, I wish to present another point
in reference to the soundness of the northern De-
mocracy. The opposition of the Senator from
Illinois and his squad of anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrats in the House of Representatives to the
Lecompton bill, during the last Congress, drove
the friends of th.it measure and the Democratic
party proper into the adoption of the English bill.
That bill was distasteful to every southern mem-
ber in that Congress. It was adopted by them
with great reluctance, and only as a dernier resort.
I will not now condemn or denounce that bill; but
I do not err m stating that it was a bitter alterna-
tive to all the southern members, and to every
true-hearted Democrat in Congress, it passed,
however, in spite of the bitter and persistent op-
position of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] and his anti-Lecompton friends, and in spite
of the opposition of a few southern Americans.
It contains in substance a provision, that if the
people of Kansas should determine not to come
into the Union under the Lccompton constitution,
they should remain in their territorial condition
until their population, " to be ascertained by a cen-
sus," should reach the number necessary, under
the present ratio, to authorize a Representative in
Congress. That number is ninety-four thousand
people. And now, sir, the people of Kansas re-
jected the proposition of the .English bill; and a
portion of them, since the adjournment of the last
Congress, have formed another constitution wh ieh
excludes slavery. No census has been taken.
The population has not been ascertained. It is
notorious that her legitimate population does not
reach the requisite number, or near it. Under
the English bill, she cannot and ought not to be
admitted; and yet what northern Senator or Rep-
resentative of any party will vote against her
admission ? I fear, sir, that there is not one—cer-
tainly not a majority of those in the present Con-
gress. No, sir, the general sentiment and demand
of the northern Democracy, as well as the Repub-
lican party, are that she shall be admitted at the
present session. I consider her admission under
the Pawnee free-State abolition constitution as a
foregone conclusion, and asa " fixed fact." And
now, sir, suppose that constitution had established
slavery, what northern member would have voted
for her admission under it in violation of the Eng-
lish bill? Probably not one. And yet, sir, it is
claimed that the northern Democracy are sound,
impartial, just, and generous to the South.
Sir, I do not wish or intend to do injustice to
the northern Democracy. In times past, they
have been true to the South and to the Constitu-
tion. They had the power and they exerted it in
the vindication and support of the just, equal, con-
stitutional rights of the southern States. They
have ever been, in Congress and out of it, the bold
and decided opponents of the Wilmot proviso,
they have denounced it as unconstitutional, arbi-
trary, and unjust; they have ever been the sup-
porters and advocates of the rights of the southern
people to the capture and rendition of their fugi-
tive slaves; they have defended the fugitive slave
law and insisted on its faithful execution; they
have opposed all conflicting legislation in the free
States intended to obstruct and defeat the opera-
tion of that law. In this respect, they have been
faithful to their constitutional obligations^ and to
the South; they aided the South in repealing and
removing the Missouri restriction, that degrading
badge of southern inferiority and submission;
they have disclaimed in every form and in all
places any right on the part of the northern people
or of Congress to interfere, directly or indirectly,
with the institution of slavery in the States.where
it exists; they have never denied the right of the
.southern people to hold slaves, as property, but
have uniformly affirmed it; they have for years
under the most adverse and trying circumstances,
breasted the storm of abolition rage, fanaticism,
and frenzy, which has swept with such tremen-
dous and crushing velocity and power over the
free States; and, though weakened by desertions
and political deaths, they stand to-day the only bar-
rier the South has, save its own fortitude, courage,
and will, against the swelling, surging, terrible
waves of abolition fury which threaten to over-
whelm us in ruin. The Democracy of the free
States have expressed no sympathy for John
Brown's character or fate, or for his bloody out-
rages either in Kansas or Virginia. In all these
things the northern Democracy have exhibited a
bold and striking contrast to the conduct of the
Republican party; and for all these things, they
are entitled to the admiration, respect, and gratitude
of the southern people. And here I express my
regret and mortification that the whole bouth has
not so felt, and given tangible proofs of the sin-
cerity and strength of their grateful feelings.
"" But, sir, while I admit and applaud the sound-
ness of the northern Democracy in all these and
many other respects, I am constrained to say they
are fundamentally unsound and wrong in the
great principle which lies at the foundation of all
the dangerous anti-slavery agitation of the free
States. In common with the Black Republicans
and Abolitionists they denounce slavery as a
moral wrong, a social evil, and a political curse.
£Tow, sir, if these things be so, and you believe
tliem—if slavery is morally wrong, socially de-
moralizing, and politically injurious to the com-
munity in which it exists, then the conclusion is
inevitable that it ought to be abolished: and a
.sacred duty is imposed upon every one to use all
the means m his power to accomplish that end.
The premises thus admitted and laid down lead
directly and rapidly to abolitionism; first, per-
haps, with moderation and tender forbearance;
then more positive, determined, and aggressive;
and finally rabid, turbulent, unrelenting, revolu-
tionary, exterminating, and bloody; stopping at
nothing short of its great end and aim—the uni-
versal emancipation ©f the slaves of the southern
States. It has been this very sentiment and con-
viction, pervading, as they do, all classes of the
northern pcople,and universally sanctioned, pro-
mulgated, and used m their schools, their pulpits,
their halls of legislation, and their courts of jus-
tice, that have produced such frequent and wide-
spread mutinies in the Democratic camp; such
constant and numerous desertions from its organ-
izations, until now it is, in all the northern States,
a mere remnant of a once powerful and victorious
party.
Sir, the southern people can never feel safe in
the Union, or have any abiding confidence in the
effective "aid and comfort" of any party at the
North which tolerates or sanctions this great fun-
i damental error. The southern people do not admit
that slavery is a moral wrong, a social evil, or a
political cuise; on the contrary, they believe_ it
right in the sight of Heaven, salutary in its social
bearing and effects, and conducive to the highest
development of political blessings. They must,
therefore, look upon all men who take the oppo-
site ground, and who condemn slavery in the ab-
stract, as the enemies of their peculiar institution,
and as committed sooner or later to its final destruc-
tion. The political and party associations which
have existed for so rrfcuiy years between the north-
ern Democracy and southern people, through
which the great national Democratic party of the
United States has retained, with but few and short
exceptional periods, the possession and control
of the Federal Government, have checked the
anti-slavery tendency of the northern Democratic
masses, and retarded their absorption into the
abolition ranks; but this result must, in the very
nature of things, finally happen, and the northern
Democracy, like the northern Whig party, be
swallowed up in one great party of abolition.
What other result can be hoped for or expected,
when the doctrines of the "irrepressible conflict''
are daily taught 111 the schools and reiterated from
thepulpitsthroughoutthenorthernStates? Hatred
to slavery and southern slaveholders, is the daily
fare which is offered to the youthful mind, and is
pari and parcel of the education and religious in-
struction, .of whi£h--th'e North-.boasts 'such wide
and general dissemination" among all classed'of-
her people. As aspecimen of thisab6litkm mode
of instruction, I call the .attention of the Senate
to a tract which-1 received a few days since in-
closed in the following letter: "
Buklingtojt, Iowa, December 17,1859".
Hon. A. Tverson: Inclosed find a Sunday School tract,
a sample of the kmd which our; children are tauglit from
in Sunday Schools in this section of the country.
Yturs, W. II. f.-.
Then coracs the tract, and I regret that the woo &
cut at the head of it cannot beprinted in my speech.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire the name of the writer of the letter*
Mr. IVERSON. It is signed "W, H. P." I
do not know who the writer is, but the Senator
can sec the hand-writing. I will read the tract:
" Sale of a Family of Slaves in Washington City.
" Ji Tract for Sabbath Schools.
" Slaves aie people held as pioperty. They are bought
and sold, as if they were cows or horses. Some of them
are black, some yellow, and some white. In Washington
city, where the President of the United States resided, where
Congress meets, and the great men of the nation report,
thoie ha* been in times past one of the greatest slave mar-
kets in the world. One specimen of the sales of families in
that city will now be given. Ft was a young man, Ins wife
and babe. They wore placed on an elevated platform, that
the bidders might see if they were healthy and sound. This
family expected to be all sold to one man; and did not, at
first, manifest so much feeling as might be expected.
" The auctioneer began with the husband, and he was
sold. He next began to cry off the wife; several men bid
for her, but the puichaser of her husband was not one of
them. Intense anguish was exhibited in the counteeance
of the hapless pair. She was sold to a second person, and
forever sepaiated fiom her husband. The big tears rolled
down then sable checks, and fell in great drops at their
feet. Sadness and despair were evidently flowing from the
decpesj recesses of their souls. Last of all tl^p babe was
sold, and to a third person. The cold-hearted wretch came
foiward to seize his pioy. The babe threw its little arms
around its mother's neck, and closely clung to her; the
mothei held itwith the gi asp of despair and death; her ago-
nizing ftuiekc pierced the bUiey, as the clinging child was
torn fiom hci bosotn. The liuie boys of Washington city
had become so haidened at such scenes of cruelty, that
they made sport of this bereaved and shrieking mother.
Now, children, how would you feci, if your father and
mother were thus sold fiom each other, and yoti sold from
them ? 4 You should lemember them that are m bonds as
bound with them.'"
The foundation of John Brown's celebrated
careor.
<( The poor black children feel just as you would do, if
you were soldi) om youi parents to .see tlioni no more. Black
fathers and mothers love their children just as your white
father® and mothers love you. Black husbands and wives
love each other juntas white husbands and wives do; theie-
fore it is just as wicked to make black people slaves as it,
would be to make Maves* of white people." *
* In an old newspaper, published in Boston in 1768, called
the Massachusetts Gazette, appear the following advertise-
ments :
•* To be Sold—A likely negro man, about twenty-two
years of age ; he has been used to husbandry and waiting
on a gentleman ; can have a good recommendation, and is
sold for no fault. Inquire of Green & Russell."
" Worcester, Jtme 14, 1768.
"Ran away from his master, Robert Barker, of Worces-
ter, this, morning, a negio man named Mark, of middle
stature, about thirty-five year* of age, very much pock-
broken, and can read and write. He carried away with
him two blue coats, one lined and bound with red, the other
not lined; a pair of green plush biecchcs, a pair of trous-
ers, and an old beaver hat. Whoever shall take up said
runaway, and convey him to his said master, shall receive
six dollats rewatd, and all necessary charges paid.
"ROBERT BARKER."
Worcester is the very hot-bed of abolition fanaticism
now; and the giandclnldren ot this llobeit Barker, if any
there be, it is safe to pay, are now wailing and lamenting
over the fatluie of John Brown m his attempt to excite the
" Marls'' and other negro men of the South, not to run
auay fiom theii masters, but to massacre them.
The next advertisement presents fti*odd jumble:
" On Thursday next, 30th inst., at three o'clock, after-
noon, will be sold by public vendue, at the auction room in
Queen street, a vaiiety of goods, among which are Irish
linens, calicoes, lutestrings, black satins, black coided silk,
ptiipe Hollands, kentmg handkerchiefs, Scotch threads.
Dowlas.-*, Duroys, druggets, breeches patterns, men's and
women's fine cotton hose, felt hats, men's and women's
saddles, portmanteaus, housings and holsters, cases with
fifteen bottles, a cask of very good indigo; also anegtogiil,
thirteen y<0ars old. 3. IIusslll. Auctioneer
"At private sale, two pipes of sterling Madeira; a
negro man, forty yeais of age, a boy of fourteen, and two
giils, about twelve years of age; a second-hand chaise and
harness, and sundry uding habits, trimmed with gold and
silver lace."
They felt no compunction in Boston in those days in ad-
vertising their u fellow-men" as "goods^ and chattels. It
is tiue that, in I <80. Massachusetts abolished slavery, but it
was an easy thing to do. There were less than five thousand
within her borders, and the proportion of whites to the black
population was quite sixty to one. What a trifling sacrifice
to what is demanded of the southern States, where the
proportion between the colors is not even two to one •
This old record of the past is a genume curiosity, which
each departing year renders more valuable.
