1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on the bill (H. R. No. 503) making further ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1860.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint a member on the com-
mittee; and Mr. Anthony was appointed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House insisted upon its amendment to the first
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
503) making further appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1860, disagreed to by the Senate;
and further insisted upon its disagreement to the
third amendment of the .Senate to the said bill,
insisted on by the Senate; had agreed to the fur-
ther conference asked by the Senate on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and had
appointed Mr. William A. Howard of Michi-
gan, Mr. Peter A. Love of Georgia, and Mr.
Galusha A. Grow of Pennsylvania, managers
at the same on the part of the House.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed, on the 21stinstant,
the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 44) confirming certain land
entries, under the third section of the act of 3d
March, 1855, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30lh of June, 1856;"
An act (H. R. No. 118) to confirm certain
private land claims in the State of Missouri;
All act (H. R. No. 189) for the relief of the
legal representatives of the estate of Charles H.
M aso n;
An act (H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mexico;
An act (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb;
An act (H. R. No. 240) for the relief ofCassius
M.Clay;
An act (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations
foi the support of the Aimy for the year ending
June 30, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Peay
& AylifFe;
An act (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Chauncey
W. Fuller;
An act (H. R. No. 423) for the relief of Philip
B. Holmes and William Pedrich;
An act (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of Mar-
garet Whitehead; . .
• An act (II. R. No. 715) to establish a mail six
times a week from Sacramento, in California, to
Olympia, in the Territory of Washington; and
An act (H. R. No. 804) providing for the pun-
ishment of marshals and deputy marshals of the
United States, or other ministerial officers, for
permitting the escape of prisoners in their cus-
tody.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 22d instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of Robert
Johnston;
An act (H. R. No. 424) for the relief of con-
gressional township number six north, of range
number eight west, in Randolph county, State of
Illinois; . .
An act (H. R. No. 500) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1861; and _
An act (H. R. No. 847) authorizing aloan, and
providing for the redemption of Ireasury notes.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 23d instant, the following acts and
resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Mrs.
A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 622) to authorize notaries
public m the District of Columbia to take acknowl-
edgments of deeds for the conveyance of real and
personal estate therein;
An act(H. R. No. 814) providing for the erec-
tion of a post office ill the city of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 848) authorizing the issue
of a register to the brig Charles H. Jordan; and
A joint resolution (H. R, No. 22) in relation to
the public printing.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRAGG submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee to Au-
dit and Contiol the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate:
Resolved, That any clerk to a standing committee of the
Senate, who was appointed duringthe month of December
last of the present session of Congress, shall leceive the
usual per diem Irom the beginning of the session, ill ac-
cordance with the resolution of tile Senate of the 23d of
December, 1857.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Rev.
Charles Beecher and others, of Georgetown, Mas-
sachusetts, praying for the abolition of slavei y in
the District of Columbia and in the United States
Territories, the prohibition of the inter-State slave
trade, and the passage of a resolution pledging
Congress against the admission of any slave State
into the Union, the acquisition of any slave ter-
ritory, and the employment of any slaves by any
agent, contractor, officer, or Department of the
Federal Government; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented the memorial of
Loomis L. Langdon, second lieutenant of the first
regiment of artillery, praying remuneration for
losses incurred while defending Brownsville, in
December, 1859; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the. Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of the State of South Carolina, praying
the reimbursement of expenses incurred in the
war of the Revolution, and paid by that State
subsequent to the settlement with the States, un-
der the act of August 5, 1790, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 555) for the relief of the heirs of John
Hopper, deceased, leported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 6 iO) grant-
ing an increase of pension to William G. Bernard,
late a soldier in the United States Army, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. DURKEE. I will state to the Senate that
this is a very meritorious case. It merely pro-
vides for an increase of pension to this man, who
is in a very helpless condition; and 1 ask unan-
imous consent that it may be put on its passage
at once.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Objection being made, the bill can-
not be considered to-day.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That William P. Bowhay have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That John R. Clay have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
CLAIM OF GEORGE P. KANE.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
RMoZveif.Thatthe Secretary ofthe Treasury he requested
to furnish the Senate with all the information within his
knowledge concerning the claim of George P. Kane tor
extra work done on the Post Office building in the. city of
Baltimore.
SALARIES OF DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 504, not for the purpose of con-
sidering it, but merely for the purpose of offering
some amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (&. No.
504) to increase the salaries of certain judges of
the district courts of the United States was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to make the salary of
the judge of the district court of the United States
for the district of Georgia £3,250: the salary of
the judge of the district court of the United States
| for the district of Alabama $3,250; the salary of
the judo-e of the United States for the northern
district of Florida $3,000; the salary of the judge
of the district court of the United States for the
western district of Texas $3,000; the salary of
the judge of the district court of the United States
for the district of Connecticut $3,000; the salary
of the judge of the district court of (he United
States for the eastern district ofTexas $3,000,in
lieu of the salary now allowed by law.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move an amendment, to
insert, in the seventeenth line, after the word
"dollars," the following:
The salary of the judge ofthe district court of the United
States for tiie district of South Carolina shall be $3,350;
the salary of the judge of the district court of the United
States for the district of Kentucky shall be $3,000; the
salary of the judge of the district court of the United States
for the northern district of Ohio shall be $3,000,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to this amendment. *
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to move'a
further amendment to that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to move an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then 1 move to amend
the amendment by adding that the salary of the
judge of the district court of the United States
of Michigan be, increased to $3,000.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to that.
They can all be considered when the bill comes
up regularly.
Mr. RICE. Would it be in order to move an-
other amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amendment
is not in order until the amendment to the amend-
ment, offered by the Senator from Michigan, is
disposed of. The question is on the amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to amend by making the
salary of the district judge of the State of New
Hampshire §3,000. I want to state that this judge
is liable to go all over the State; and our judge
has to go to Boston, and I think his salary ought
to bo neaily as high as the judge in Boston.
The amendment to theamendmentwasagreedto.
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I do not propose any further
action on the bill. We have no time to consider it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie on
the table.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. YULEE. I now ask the Senate to do me
the favor to take up the post route bill, and con-
clude it, and send it to the House of Representa-
tives at once. I think we shall be able to con-
clude it without debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (Ii. R. No. 714) establishing
certain post routes.
Mr. YULEE. There are three amendments,
which I have given to the Secretary, which con-
template the striking out of provisions making
appropriations, the purpose of which is to facili-
tate the passage of the bill through the other
House. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read in order, and action taken on
each separately.
The Secretary read the first amendment, which
was, to strike out of the first amendment adopted
by the Senate the following:
•' And the sum of §5,000 is hereby appropriated out of
an; moneys arising from the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment iu carry out the piovisions of this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on amending the bill by striking out this pro-
vision.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to strike out of the fourth amend-
ment adopted by the Senate the following words:
" -\nd that of such money lieretofoie accrued to the Uni-
ted States, the sum of §12,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out ofanymones in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of carrying out the recom-
mendations of the Postmaster General on the subject of
dead letters, undei date of 7th of May, I860."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to strike out the whole of the
seventh amendmentadoptedby the Senate, in the
following words:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $3,000 be paid
