1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
I hope the Senator from Maine will accept my
amendment in reference to the lieutenants, to have
but two classes of them; the first class to receive
for the first seven years $1,800 at sea, §1,500 on
shore-duty, and $1,200 when waiting orders; after
seven years from the date of their commission,
$2,250 at sea; on other duty, §2,000; on leave,
§1,500. It is much more simple.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really think it stands
better as it is.
Mr. SIMMONS. The firstsection in reference
to commanders has only two classes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to it
if it meets the views of the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. It will simplify the bill very
much. To make these young officers wait three
years on precisely the same pay they have now,
is a hardship. I certainly think they are more
entitled to the increase of pay than any class ex-
cept midshipmen, and I am glad they have been
increased.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As my amendment stands
now, in regard to those lieutenants who receive
the lowest pay, in the first three years of their
service in that grade, it is understood that it will
apply only to some of those who were advanced
in consequence of the action of the retiring board,
and there are but few of them. I do not suppose
there are a dozen on the Register who come under
it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not go into the retiring
ooard, or inquire how these men came into the
Navy, but propose to fix a rule that shall lastand
be based on principle. Whether they come into
the Navy by accident, design, or in some other
way, I hold that every officer of the Navy is ready
to do his duty, and that if he does not go to sea
it is not his fault. I would give them more en-
couragement to go to sea than either of these bills
does, by giving them larger sea pay for the first
seven years. I think that is the way to encourage
officers to go to sea, and not have this sea-service
performed when they are young men as midship-
men, and then pay them fifty per cent, advance
after they get to be lieutenants, not because tliey
have gone to sea and done duty as lieutenants,
but because they did the service before they reached
that point. If the Senator will accept my sugges-
tion, I think his bill will be very much improved,
and I should greatly prefer it to the bill of the
committee in reference to the lieutenants.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senator
tiat in November next there will be not four lieu-
tenants on the list who will not have been there
over three years.
Mr. SIMMONS. Why should you cut them
down ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do notcutthem down;
but they have just come into the Navy, and I
think it is fair that they should serve three years
before receiving an increase.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not wish to make any
distinction in this class of officers from the date of
their commission to the time they have served
seven years.
Mr. HAMMOND. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to be inserted after the fourteenth line of
the bill of the committee:
All other captains, one per centum per annum, upon their
present leave or waiting-orders pay, tor and on accouut of
every year of their sea-servicc, as shown by the records of
the Navy Department.
The Senate will perceive that this is the same
amendment which was offered yesterday by the
Senator from Maryland, {Mr. Pearce,] with two
important .alterations. He moved to strike out
the thirteenth and fourteenth lines, and insert this
provision in lieu of them. The effect of his
amendment would have been to give this one per
cent, per annum to all captains on shore-duty;
but the intention now is to g'ive it only to those
who are waiting orders, and those who are upon
leave; and it is so stated m the amendment. I do
not propose to make any speech or explanation
further than this; and I think the less speaking
and explanations we have at this stage of the bill,
the better for the prospects of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER- I should like to know how
the one per cent, is to be calculated.
Mr. HAMMOND. On the pay fixed in this
bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think that the present pur-
pose is to try to get the pay of these officers in dol-
lars and cents, to be shown on the statute-book,
and these percentages and all sorts of et cetera?;
only confuse it. If the pay fixed for captains
when waiting orders and on leave is not enough,
raise the amount in round numbers; but do not
put in a percentage, so that we shall never know
what an officer has. That is the great objection
to the present system.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to this whole system of
accumulating pay by length ef sea-service. I
favor the system of accumulating pay by length
of service; but to vary it according to sea-service
is a discrimination which I should consider inju-
rious to the Navy and to many individuals of it.
It is not the option of an officer whether ho goes
to sea or not. The number of our officers exceeds
greatly the vessels we keep in commission. Thus
it may happen that an officer spends a large por-
tion of his life applying for orders to go to sea. j
This is a proposition, then, to reward him who has
been the favorite of the Department to the injury
of him who has not. That is with me a radical
objection. |
Mr. HAMMOND. I will say to the Senator i
from Mississippi, that I am very much of his opin- !
ion; and if the Senate would prefer to put it on !
length of service, I have no objection; but I have ;
followed what seemed to be the views of the Sen-
ate; and particularly of the chairman of the Naval
Committee, in putting it on sea-service. About
one half of one per cent, for each year in commis-
sion would be about equal to this, and perhaps
more impartial. If the Senate prefers that, I shall
propose one half of one per cent, for each year in
commission. Perhaps, however, it would be
better first to test my amendment in it3piescnt
form.
Mr. DAVIS. The necessities for the increase
of pay depend very much on the length of service;
more than upon grade. It is well known that the
wants of an officer, particularly if he be an officer
having a family, accumulate with years, and not
with promotion. The reformation which I think
it would be proper to adopt in both branches of
the military service would therefore be an accu-
mulation of pay in periods of years, or an annual
accumulation, so that theie should be a constant
increase, independent of that pay which attached
to the grade.
There is another objection. An officer, l'rom
his extraordinary merit in a particular branch of
the naval service, may be required onshore. The
Navy has no scientific corps. An officer pecu-
liarly skilled m ordnance—a case which we were
considering yesterday—may, for that very reason,
have but a short period of sea-service. He would
have a right to claim, under such legislation as
this, however necessary his service might be on
shore, that he should be permitted to go to sea;
and it would be rank injustice to keep him on
shore for the public service, and cut down his
pay because he has not been allowed to go to sea.
This is another objection to the whole system of
graduating the pay by length of service.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to strike out on
the 2d pace of the original bill lines t&enty-
six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, and
thirty, and insert in lieu thereof:
All other commanders, $9,250.
The lines to be stricken out provide for com-
manders on leave or waiting orders; the preceding
lines provide for those on sea or other duty. I
see, by an examination of this bill, that surgeons
on leave, who have been in the service twenty
years and upwards, are to be allowed §2,250. So
with respect to pursers; they are to be allowed
the same sum after the same period of service.
Now, sir, there is not a commander in the Navy
who hosnotbeen commissioned more than twenty
years. The most of them have been in the ser-
vice for double that length of time. I see no pro-
priety in proposing to pay a commander, who has
charge of the flag and of the whole vessel, ^.100
less per year than you propose to pay to^the per-
son who merely has charge of the ship's finances,
and pays off the crew, or to the peison who may
have cured a fever or cut off a leg. It seems to
me that if there should be any difference at all
between the pay, so far as those officers are con-
cerned, the commander should receive a higher
pay than the surgeon or the purser; and 1 hope
the chairman of the committee will find it agree-
able to accept my amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose the object of (he
Senator from New Jersey is to equalize the leave
pay of commanders, surgeons, and pursers?- • ,
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not very familiar with
the rules of the Senate. I understand that both'
these bills are now before us for consideration;
but if the amendment of the Senator from Maine
be adopted, will the original bill be stiil open for
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
hick in the chair.) No, sir. The motion is to
strike it out.
Mr. GRIMES. It is therefore necessary to
perfect both of them before taking the vote. Well,
sir, I propose an amendment to both bills:
Jlrt'l he it further rr'u-trA. That there be, and there hereby
is. created a bmeau of registry and detail, which shali be
pleaded ovoi by an officer of the line of the naval service,
in which ; hall be kept complete registers of all the officers
and men attached to the service, and which, under the Sec-
retary of the Navy, shall Iiavethe assignment of all officers
and men to duty,and general charge of the -personnel of tile
Navy. The duties of the chief of the bureau of registry and
detail diall be assimilated, as far as practicable, to those of
Adjutant Genera] in the Army of the United States.
I do not know, Mr. President, that I have very
aptly christcned the proposed bureau in this,
amendment, for I have not had much expcricnce
in that line; and I have not offered it with the
most remote idea that it will be adopted; bat for
the sake of ventilating the subject, and drawing
out from the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and other gentlemen who arc more con-
versant with the subject than I am, their views.
It has occurred to me, and I think it is the opin-
ion of a great many friends of the Navy, that that
branch of the public defense is altogether too
much under the charge of civilians, and that it
should be more under the control of naval officers.
I have no argument to make in favor of its adop-
tion, and merely submit it for the consideration
of the Senate, acting upon the suggestion of the
Senator from South Carolina, that the less that is
said by Senators like myself on this subject the
better.
Mr. MALLORY. I perceive that the Senator
j understands this part of the subject thoroughly;
: but I trust he will not offer the amendment to this
\\ bill. I concur with him entirely that our Depart-
ment of naval aft airs requires a reorganization;
and I hops to sec it effected, and in far more nu-
merous respects than the one he suggests. We
want many things; that, perhaps, is as essential
as any. The bill before us is confined entirely to
the question of pay; it does not touch the organ-
ization. If there are errors anywhere in naval
affairs, they are in the organization, and the fault
is with Congress, and not with the Department.
It is impossible that our naval affairs can ever be
administered properly as they now stand. I ad-
mit that; and 1 admit that it is the duty of Con-
gress to legislate. Perhaps the Senator may not
know that a suggestion has been made, within a
month past, that the committee should turn its
attention to a thorough reorganization of the De-
partment of naval affairs. This is only one of
many improvements which arc necessary: a bu-
reau of detail, of personnel, m the Navy, similar
to that in France and England. I suggest whether
it is proper 011 a pay bill to seek to incumber it
with this. I will go'heart and hand with the Sen-
ator in the measure he proposes, and other meas-
ures of reform, on a proper occasion.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMMOND. I am satisfied that the Sen-
ate were not aware of the character of my amend-
ment which was voted down a few moments ago;
and, in order to have the privilege of presenting;
it again, I have made a change in it, which will
obviate the only objection that was made to it. I
now offer it in this form, to insert after line four-
teen :
All othr>r captain*, one half of one per cent, pei annum
upon then present leave oi waiting-orders pay, for and on
account ol c\ety \ ear from the date of their commission,
as >hown by the iccoids of the Na\y Department.
In every other grade of the service, except the
grade of captains, the leave pay has been increased
by this bill; but, strange to say, there has been
no increase in the leave or waiting-orders pay of
captains: who are, after all, perhaps, the most mer-
itorious class m the Navy. Much is said of lieu-
tenants. Nothing can be said against them. Their
