384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
Such, sir, is the literary and religious instruc-
tion imparted to the northern youth; such the
impressions made upon his mind; such the sym-
pathy aroused for the black race; such the hatred
and detestation created against their white owners;
and such the sacred duty enforced of putting an
end to the alleged wickedness of slavery. These
teachings are not confined to the children of Ab-
olitionists. They are given to all classes—to the
children of Democrats as well as Repi^plicans.
The tendency is unmistakable, the effect inevita-
ble. Abolitionism, rank and rabid, will, sooner
or later, pervade the whole northern mind and
heart, ana impel the northern masses to the sup-
pression of slavery at the South at any and every
sacrifice—" peaceably if they can, forcibly if they
must." Twenty years ago, the great Whig party
of the North was as sound, both in theory and in
practice, as the present northern Democracy; and
where is that party now? Swallowed up in aboli-
tionism, and forming the controlling element of
the Republican party, with only here and there a
few solitary exceptions in the form of old, inert,
useless "fossils and fogies,"like Edward Everett,
Robert C. Winthrop,and Washington Hunt, who
are full of Union-loving, Union-Having, "sound
and fury, signifying nothing," and who never
control a vote, and never give form or shape to any
political movement.
The old Whig party of the North is the Repub-
lican party of the present day, whose leaders are
the professors and teachers of the "irrepressible-
conflict" doctrines, and of whose masses John
Brown was the bold and bloody prototype; and,
sir, this party, increasing in boldness, rancor, and
hate for the South, as it has increased in numbers,
nowhas amajority,and contiols the political power
and action of every northern State of this Union.
And whatare its prcsentstaiusand future prospects
in regard to the all-absorbing question of southern
slavery ? Twenty-five years ago, we were a Con-
federation of equal, sovereign States, living in a
common Union, and enjoying the blessings of a
common Government; \vo were at peace with each
other; we interchanged commercial commodities
and social civilities uiihont distrust or restraint;
we were, indeed, a band of brothers; if we differed
•in politics, our differences were on questions of a
general character, affeeung more' or lews all sec-
tions of the Union The rights of each section
were acknowledged and respected by a common
Government and the several Suites, and no sec-
tional parties existed to estrange and embitter us
against each other.
But what is our presentcondition? Commencing
with the presidential election of 1840, and con-
tinuing with the admisMim of Texas, the Wilmot
proviso in the Oregon bill, the acquisition of Cal-
ifornia and New Mexico, tin: compromise meas-
ures of 1850, and other kindred measures, the
slavery Agitation has gone on to widen, deepen,
and strengthen, all over the northern States, until
it has produced an overwhelming party, whose
cardinal and avowed doctrine and dogma are that
slavery is a sin, a shame, and a reproach to the
nation, and ought to be and must be abolished; a
party which denies to the southern people the
rights claimcd for and accorded to the northern
people; a party which openly declares that no more
Rlave territory shall ever be acquired or formed
by this Government; a party which encourages in
every possible manner the desertion of the slaves
of the southern people from their owners, and de-
fies the Constitution and laws which lecognize
and provide for their recapture; a party which,
through its recognized leaders and principal men,
openly and unblushingly, m the Halls of Congress,
declare and affirm, by their voices and votes, that
property cannot exist in man; who deny the right
of the master to his slave, and openly and con-
stantly proclaim that resistance is the duty as it
is the right of the slave; a party which approves,
indorses,and circulates the most seditious and in-
ccndiary books and pamphlets and papers, calcu-
lated and intended to inflame the public mind atthc
North, to make their prejudices against southern
slavery and .slaveholders more violent and bitter,
andloexcite the slaves themselves to revolt, rapine,
and murder; a party which pours out its floods
of tears and sympathy for the deserved fate of the
vilest criminals, with Lands stained with theblood
of men whose only offense was that they lived in
a land where slavery existed; a sectional party,
confined to the free States, and based alons upon
hostility to the great domestic institutions of the
South,and threatening, with its increasing numer-
ical power, to seize every branch of the Federal
Government, and divert and wield them to the over-
throw and destruction of that institution. I say
the Republican party unblushingly denies " the
right of property in man,"and if this assertion is
deuied, 1 will bring the record to prove it. Not
two years ago, in this Chamber, with the solitary
exception of the Senator from Wisconsin, they
openly did so by their votes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose the Senator from
Georgia alludes to myself.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state to that
honorable Senator—not to interrupt him or make
a speech—that the vote which I then gave was
upon this ground: that the money was in the
Treasury of the United States by treaty, which,
as 1 understood, was to belong to the claimants;
and, being in the Treasury of the United States,
I voted that it should be paid out; not that I recog-
nized that by the Constitution of the United States,
or by any law of the United States, properly in
man exists; but claiming, as I always have, that
property in man (if such a thing be possible) rests
upon the laws of the sovereign States where ski-
very exists, and docs not exist by virtue of the
Constitution or any law of the United States.
Mr. IVERSON. I regret that the Senator from
Wisconsin has made his explanation, because I
thought there was at least one honorable man who
was disposed to recognize the right of the south-
ern people to their property. I regret now to find
that there is not a single man on the other aide
of the Chamber who will do so.
Such, sir, is the brief history of the great Whig
party of former years, and such its present con-
dition; and such, in my opinion, will be the his-
tory and future condition of the northern Demo-
cratic party of the present day. It has already
lost its numerical power in all, or nearly all, of
the northern States; it has not the control of a
single State government in the. fifteen fiee States
east of the Rocky Mountains; and, fiom an over-
whelming majority in both Houses of Congress
only a few years ago, it has now scarcely a cor-
poral's guard in either. It^ ranks have been
thinned year after year by conversions to the more
seductive and popular doctrines of the abolition
school, until its deserters have swelled the ranks
of the latter party to an irresistible and alarming
size. And wnat hope or prospect is there that it
will ever recover Us lost purity and power? It
may make spasmodic efforts forexistence, and, in
alliance with the southern Democracy, may oc-
casionally, and for a few years, obtain political
power in the Federal Government; but ir mustgo
down at last, and sink beneath the black and tur-
bulent waves of that abolition sea that is sweep-
ing over the free States,and surging ever against
the buhvarksof adetermmed southern resistance;
and this raging sea must eventually engulf all
the conservative elements of the anti-slave States;
and if the Union withstands the shock, must also
overwhelm all the southern States, and subject
them to its domination. A united South, com-
bined with the true, sound Democracy of the
northern States, may drive it back or check it for
a while, but it will come again, and, at each re-
turning onset, it will come with redoubled force
and violence. We checked it in 1844 by the elec-
tion of Mr. Polk; i! came back with increased
power m 1848 and 1850. Wc drove it baek in
1852; but it returned to the charge in 1854 in a
more hideous and alarming volume. We put up
a hairier—a strong one, as we thought—against
it in 185( , in the election of a Democratic Presi-
dent and a decided Democratic majority in both
Houses of Congress. In three short years it has
rolled on with never-ceasing, ever-accumulating
velocity and power, until at this moment it par-
alyzes all the operations of the Government, and
threatens the overthrow of the Union. We may,
and I hope and believe wt. shall, stay its progress
by the election of a sound and true Democratic
camhdate in the approaching presidential election,
and thus give the Union at least another lease of
four years* uneasy existence; ay, sir, uneasy it
must bo until the " irrepressible conflict between
opposing and enduring forces'' shall work out its
inevitable, final end, the disruption of all the ties
which bind us together, and the formation of a
separate confederacy of the slave States. "To
this complexion it must come at last." No greater
truism was ever uttered from the lips of mortal
man than that memorable saying of the great leader
of the Abolition party of this country in his
Rochester speech, in November, 1858. Speaking
of the antagonistic natureand character of the con-
flict between slavery and freedom, Mr. Seward
said:
" Shall I tell you what this collision means? They who
think that it is accidental, unnecessary, the work of inter-
ested orfanaticul agitators and therefore ephemeral, mistake
the case altogether. It is an iirepressible conflict between
opposing and enduring foices, and it means that the United
States must and will, sooner oi later, become either en-
tirely a staveholdinsc nation or entnely a free-labor nation."
Free institutions and slave institutions, as now
understood and established in the two sections of
our Union, cannot exist together in peace under
the same Government, during such a period as
usually marks the lifetime of great nations. 1
know that these opposing systems have existed
together in this Union for three quarters of a cen-
tury; but that is a brief and insignificant portion
of a nation's lifetime, which rests upon congenial
and harmonious elements. And yet, in this brief
period, wc have seen unmistakable evidences of
the truth of this groat principle which, founded
in human nature, will sooner or later work out
its object and end.
Sir, there is but one path of safety to the South;
but one mode of preserving her institution of do-
mestic slavery, and that is in a confederacy of
States having no incongruous and opposing ele-
ments—a confedeiacy of slave States alone, with
homogeneous language, laws, interests, and insti-
tutions. Under such a confederated republic,
with a constitution which should shut out the
approach and entrance of all incongruous and
conflicting elements, which should protect the in-
stitution from change, and keep the whole nation
ever bound to its preservation by an unchange-
able fundamental law, the fifteen slave States,
with their power of expansion, would present to
the world the most free, prosperous, and happy
nation on the face of the wide earth.
Sir, with these views,and with the firm convic-
tion which I have entertained for many years, and
which recent events have only served to confirm,
that the "irrepressible conflict" between the two
sections must and will go on, and with accumu-
lating speed, and must end, in the Union, with the
total extinction of African slavery in the southern
States, I have announced my determination to
approve and urge the southern States to dissolve
the Union'upon the election of a Black Republi-
can to the Presidency of the United States, by a
sectional northern party, and upon a platform of
opposition and hostility to southern slavery. It
would not be the mere election of a northern man,
under the forms of the Constitution and laws; it
would not be that lie was opposed to slavery in
the abstiaet, that I would counsel a separation of
the slave from the free States; but because the
election of such a man, under all the circumstances
now existing and which would surround the elec-
tion, would be conclusive evidence of deep-rooted
hostility to southern slavery in the northern mind;
conclusive evidence of the advancing power of
abolitionism; conclusive evidence of a settled de-
termination to strike down the institution in some
form or other, and as soon as possible.
Lookingconfidently to such results, the south-
ern States ought not, in my opinion, to consent
to remain longer in a Union whose Government
wouid be contiolled by a sentiment of hostility to
their highest and most important interests.
Sir, under a conservative Administration, such
as now exists, disposed to do justice to the South
and to accord to her people their constitutional
right—an Administration opposed to the advance
of abolitionism, and ever ready and willing, so
far as its constitutional power extends, to guard
the southern people from its violent, incendiary,
and bloody inroadsieven now, the property, per-
son, and lives of the southern people are subject
to constant insecurity, danger, and disturbance.
What would be our condition with the whole
power and patronage of the Federal Government
in the hands of a bitter, uncompromising, and
vindictive anti-slavery party? Sir, it can op im-
agined better than it can be described. What
value would the Union be to us when we should
be compelled, as our only security, to sleep with
arms by our sides, and prepared at all times to de-
fend our property, our families, and our lives from
