I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
this subject of slavery that would stagger them
in the least. I think if you passed these resolu-
tions, no matter how. strong you put them, the
next Democratic convention in New Hampshire
will resolve that they had always been their sen-
timents, [laughter;] that they now, and ever had
been, unalterably fixed in the support of "the
views that had been laid down by the Senator
from Mississippi, or the Senator from Texas, no
matter who; and that this was doctrine they had
always contended for, and only had been opposed
by Federalists and Abolitionists. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I said the other day that I did not
want to have any injustice done to those men who
are absent, and not able to speak for themselves.
1 think that that party has been tried. The Sen-
ator from Texas, or anybody else, need have no
fear that any one of these resolutions, put it in
any form you please, will stagger them in the
slightest degree. I should not be surprised, sir,
if the next Democratic President, if there ever is
one, in his inaugural address would say, as
Buchanan said about the Dred Scott decision, the
only wonder was that anybody ever thought dif-
ferently. [Laughter.] I beg to assure our friends
on the other side that this fear, this mistrust, this
distrust of their northern allies is misplaced alto-
gether, and that there are purer Democrats there
than you can boast of at the South, because you
have divisions there, at least about expediency.
They have none at the North. Whatever you
give them they take, unhesitatingly and unques-
tioningly. I beg the Senator from Texas to be-
lieve that I have said this entirely to relieve his'
mind from any apprehension that anything of this
sort will hurt the party North If you take care
of the party South, the North will follow, and
there will be no sort of difficulty.
I confess I do not know but that I may hurt the
Senator from Mississippi 
Mr. BROWN. You cannot hurt me.
Mr. HALE. But it seems to me there is some-
thing heroic in his position. He stands up and
tells you he means something practical. He
stands in noble contrast with these theorists who
are propounding general sentiments and liable to
the same difficulty that the Nicholson letter was.
I am sorry that the mortality of my friend from
Tennessee is fastened to that letter; I cannot help
it, it is historical; [laughter;] but I say these res-
olutions, no matter how you put them, are m( re
general theoretical expositions; and they will be
subject to the same difficulty with that Nicholson
letter. But, sir, the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] steps out of all this difficulty. He
leaves all these theorists to theorize, and comes
up to a broad practical platform. He says, now
if you mean anything, I toll you the case exists;
act. I am sorry that the Senator from Vlrginia
is so misinformed as to the real state of the ease.
I understand that in the Territory of Washing-
ton, for instance, there is not the slightest protec-
tion in the world for slave property. Here is a
Territory in Uagrant dereliction. 1 believe it is
the case with some other Territories—Kansas. I
understand not only that there is no actual pro-
tection there, but that they have repealed the law.
Did they not repeal it over the head of the Gov-
ernor's veto? They have actually prohibited sla-
very. There is 110 legislation for it in Nebraska;
none in Washington, and positive interference
against it in Kansas.
Now, sir, such being the case, I can appreciate
the patriotic ardor of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, Governor Brown; and 1 have to use that,
because, if 1 were to say the distinguished Sena-
tor from Mississippi, nobody would know which
J meant. [Laughter.] I have to give the name,
though possibly it is a slight variation from par-
liamentary rule. I say, sir,that I can sympathize
with the patriotic ardor with which he rushes into
the contest; and I admire the noble position which
he occupies in contrast with all those theorists
that are ready to ,declare that, at or about this
time, it is not necessary to do anything of this
sort. It is, sir; at and about this very time is the
time when you are to act. If you are in earnest,
if you mean what you said by these resolutions,
if they are put out for anything else, except as a
sort of political almanac, to be used in the coming
presidential election, the Senator from Mississippi
is right; the time has come, has arrived, is now
staring you right in the fiice, and challenges you,
and calls upon you, if you mean what you say,
to put your declarations into efficientand effective
form.
I have sat by, rather an indifferent spectator,
and should not have spoken, if a majority of my
friends had not voted that this is the most appro-
priate work we could be at in discussing these res-
olutions, instead of passing on legislation. But,
sir, it strikes me that is exactly the position which
the Senator from Mississippi holds; and I accord
to him my sympathies. 1 wish I could give him
my vote, but I cannot; because I believe, elevated
as his position is, that it is an unsound one; but
still.I think it vastly in advance of those on his
own side, who take a different position, and who
talk about generalities, and shrink when he calls
upon them to put their declarations to the test.
This is the way it strikes me. I do not mean
to interfere in this family quarrel. I am sorry I
have had to do so. I should not have done it, if
some neighbors of mine had not been, as I thought,
unfairly dealt by by the Senator from Texas. If
he only knew them as 1 do, he would never dis-
trust them. [Laughter.] Having said this much,
I leave the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire congratulates himself upon the practical
character of the amendment of my colleague which
is pending. He has not stated to us how exactly
practical it is, or to what ils practicalness is di-
rected. If he hopes it may produce discord in our
ranks, I can understand that. If he means as to
effecting anything, he knows better, for he under-
stands right well that however practical may be
the words of the proposition, if it is confined to
this body alone, it can have no legislative effect.
It must be joint to have legislative etfect. He may
well congratulate himself that, upon a resolution
which, if adopted, would be a mere abstraction,
because, by one body, which could have 110 power
whatever, the Democracy may be divided, and
thereby lie reap his reward.
But 1 think he rather unfairly criticised the Sen-
ator from Texas. We had some tender-toed Dem-
ocrats formerly at the North, and, perhaps,have
some yet—people who abandoned us in our hour
of need. 1 have heard of one district attorney of
New Hampshire that tarred and feathered an
Abolition lecturer, and afterwards came to the
Senate because of his furious declamation as an
Abolitionist. I have seen that published 111 the
newspapers.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear what the Senator
said; but I ask if he referred to me.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course I did not refer; though
it was you I meant.
Mr. HALE. If he had referred to me, I should
tell him that it was utterly untrue.
Mr. W1GFALL. Will the Senator alltwMiHrf"
to ask him how lie could suppose be was referred
to?
Mr. HALF,. I',i cause I was told so.
Mr. DAVIS. Why did that other Senator sup-
pose tto ? 1 did not say anything about you.
Mr. HALE. The Senator spoke of a district
attorney who came to the Senate. Let me say
this, once for all, because I have seen the same
thing before, and I have 110 doubt the Senator
believes it: the transaction to which the Senator
referred has been sent far and wide; but, so fai as
1 am concerned, there is not one syllable of truth
in it in the tvorld. If the Senator would take the
trouble to read the report of the meeting to which
he refers, published by the lecturer himself—for
lie published an account of the transaction—lie
will find that the only account he gave of the
meeting was that he invited discussion, invited a [
reply from those who dissented from lus views; ;|
and thus being invited, I, being a Democratic dis- !1
trict attorney, got up in the meeting and civilly 'j
replied to him; 111 which, I am sorry to say, (God ,j
forgive me font,) I did take the same view that I 1
now hear promulgated from the other side of the
Chamber; and, so far as that is concerned, the
story is true. But that 1 ever in my life, there or
elsewhere, used, or incited others to use, the slight-
est violence, directly or indirectly,'to silence free
speech there or elsewhere,111 any mode ormanner,
is utterly untrue; there is not a syllable of truth
in it. I know this thing has been said before;
and once a neighbor of mine sent this story on to
a Senator that was then in the Senate from Geor-
gia, the late Mr. Dawson, who is now dead. I
wish to assure the Senator from Mississippi that
in all my life to the expression of any sentiment',
or the utterances of an opposite sentiment^ .
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator falls back, as to-'an
old memory, upon the habits of a district attorney,
to plead, and with all the solemnity of an indict-
ment and repetition of words, goes on to state
" neither then or there," &c. Now, he pleaded
very well as a lawyer; but as a fair-dealing and
common-sense man, he might have told us whether
the lecturer was tarred and feathered.
Mr. HALE. He was not.
Mr. DAVIS. He was not tarred or feathered;
at all ?
Mr. HALE. Never.
Mr. DAVIS. Then it appears that the man
escaped better and the attorney exhibited less zeal
than the newspapers report. Yet the Senator sus-
tains the Senator from Texas, because he shows
that he was at that time a Democrat; he shows
that at that time he answered an Abolition lectu-
rer, and that he has fallen from grace, and become
now the greatest of the persecutors of Christians.
[Laughter.] Well then may the Senator from
Texas preserve those who are yet faithful, and
be careful lest they may be led into snares, and
fall into the evil ways of the Senator from New
Hampshire ! But I do not intend to prolong the
discussion.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3, nays 42; as follows;
YE AS—Messrs. Brown, Johnson of Aikansas, and Mal-
lorv—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Ches-
mit, Clark, Clay, Cliugmnii. Ciitteiiden, Davis, Dixori,
JJoolittio, Fit/.pitiick, Foot, Foster,Green,Grimes, Gwin,
Ilamlin, Ilailan, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Tennessee, Lntie, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearee,
Polk, Powell, Pugli, Rice, Sebastian, Slulel), Ten Eyek,
Thomson, Toombs, Trumbull, Wiglall, Wilson, and Yulee
—<M.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. We arc three. We are asmall
band. That is as many as was required to save
Sodom. I think the Republic is safe.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish now to move the amend-
ment I indicated some days since. It is merely
to explain the fifth resolution. 1 propose to in-
sert at the end of that resolution the words " within
the limits of its constitutional powers." I pre-
sume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. DAVIS. That is an addition which I sup-
pose will not be objected tobyanyone. I thought
it was implied, but it seems to me an addition
which we can all accept. I see no necessity of
-KOting on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, it will be considered as adopted.
Mr. PLJGH. Let us hear the resolution read
as it will be if the amendment is adopted. We
have not heard it yet.
Mr. MASON. 1 object to its being adopted*
until I hear what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment; to insert at
the end of the resolution the words " within the
limits ofits constitutional powers;"so thatthe res-
olution will read;
Resolved, That if experience should at any time prove
that the judicial anil executive authority do not possess
moans to insure adequate protection to constitutional rights
in a Teintoiy, and it the territorial government should
tail ot let 11 --e to piovide tiie necessary lemedies tor that pur-
pose, it wilt he the duty ot Congicss to supply such de-
ficiency withm the limits of its constitutional powers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The questiein
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
to the resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there now any amend-
ment pending to the fifth resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 110
amendment pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That contains an abstract
proposition, which, by itself, it seems to me, no
person could lefuse to vote for. lam ccrtainly
in favor of insuring adequate protection to all con-
stitutional rights 111 a Territory; but that is not
what the mover of these resolutions means. Ho
means, as I understand it, to include within the
term " constitutional rights," claims which some
wish to assure the senator trom iYiissis&ipj""""-1"-*— . * . ° ..innnl rights
is the only opposition that ever I made anywhere H of us do not recognize as constitutional iifclus.
