2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Now, if the resolution would be worded, or was
worded, as,I understand the author means to have
it understood and declared, " that if experience
should at any time prove that the judicial and ex-
ecutive authority do not possess means to insure
adequate protection to constitutional rights in a
Territory, among which is the right to take and
hold slaves in   Territory; and if the territorial
government should fail or refuse to provide the
necessary remedies for that purpose, it would be
the duty of Congress to supply such deficiency
then I should vote against it, because I deny that
there is any such constitutional right. The owner
of a slave has no right, constitutional or otherwise,
to take him into a Territory and hold him as a
slave. Slavery being a mere creature of local law,
existing only by virtue of local or municipal law,
the moment it passes out of the jurisdiction where
there is a law recognizing and establishing it, it
ceases to exist. Now, sir, as the resolution is
framed as it is, I see no other way but to suggest
an amendment; and if it is adopted, so as to do
away with the inference that is drawn by con-
necting the fifth with the preceding resolution, I
should then have no difficulty in voting for the
fifth resolution. The amendment 1 propose will
come in after the word 44 Territory/' in the third
line, to insert the words, " but to take or hold a
slave therein is not a constitutional right;" so tha^t
the resolution will read:
Resolved, That it" experience should at anytime prove
that the judicial arid executive authonty do not porosis,
means to insuie adequate protection tocnnstiMition.it i ights
in a Territory; but to take or hold a -lave therein is- not a
constitutional right; and if the territorial government should
fail or refuse to provide the necessary remedies for that
purpose, it will be the duty of Congress to supply such de-
ficiency within the limits of its constitutional powers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I would like to make a sugges
tion to the Senator. I believe a man has a right
to take a slave into a Territory and hold him there
until there is some proper authority to contradict
it. Therefore, 1 am in a position that unless the
Senator adds the words " m opposition to the
legislation of thoTerritories," I shall vote against
the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
little, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, liainhn, Harlan, lung,
Simmon?*, Ten Kyek, Tiumbuil, Wade, ami Wilson—!?.
NAYS—MesM.v. IJiglei, Bragg, Bright, Chesnut, Clay,
Clingman, U:\vk, Fitzpatriok, Gicen, Gwin, Hammond,
Hemphill, Hunter, Jvoison, Johnson of Aikaiisas, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, fllaliory, M.t-oi;,
Nicholson, Puuec, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Riec, Sebastian,
Slidell, Toombs, and Wigfal)—31.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the fifth resolution.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TEN EYCIC, when his name was called,
said: I merely wish to say that, as 1 understand
this resolution, I shall vote for it. I vote "yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 35, nays
2; as follows;
YLAS—Messrs. Benjamin, JJiiilcr, Bragg, Bright, Chcs-
nut, CIay,Clnigman, Cuttenden, Davis Fit/.patriek, Gi -« n,
Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson ol
Arkansas, Johnson ol Tennessee, Kenned>, Lane, La-
tham, Mallory, Mason, NichoKon, Peaieo, Polk, Powell,
l'u«h, ltioe, Sebastian, Slidell, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Wig-
fall, and Yidee—3.).
NAYS-+-Mcssr.s. Hamlin and Tiumbull—2.
So the resolution was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the sixth resolution, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
6. Revolted, That the inhabitant.? of a Teiritory of the
United States, when they rightfully fotm a constitution to
be admitted as a State into the Union, may then, lor the
first time, like the people of a Stale when lbrmmg a new
constitution, decide foi themselves whether slavoiy. as a
domestic institution, Miall be maintained or prohibited
within their jurisdiction; and *•' they shall be received into
the Union with or without slavery, as their constitution
may prescribe at the time ol their admission."
Mr. WILSON. I move toamend that resolu-
tion by striking out ail after the word "resolved/'
and substituting the following:
That slavery H against natural right, and can only exist j
wheie it i~> upheld by local or municipal law ; that the Con- j
stitntion neither c-ieates nor establishes, nor authonzes !
Congress to create or establish slavery, nor guaranties to I
any poison the right to take or hold slaves in the Temto- 1
ries; and that slavery, being wrong in itself and prejudicial
to the rights of freemen and the interests of tree labor, it is
the duty of Congress to prevent its extension into theTer-
litories of the United States.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to discuss
this amendment. I merely ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like a separate
vote upon the first part of that resolution, which
declares that the Constitution neither establishes
nor authorizes Congress to establish slavery—1 do
not recollect the precise words. That is the first
proposition. I will ask the Secretary to read the
amendment again, and I will indicate the precise
words.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows:
That slavery is against natural right, and can only exist
where it is upheld by local or municipal law; that the Con-
stitution neither creates nor -establishes, nor authorizes
Congress to cieate or establish slaveiy 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is sufficient; that is
a distinct proposition; and I ask a separate vote
on that part of the amendment.
Mr. PUGII. That cuts out the middle of the
resolution. Then we must take three votes. You
cannot take a portion from the middle.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that a vote betaken
on the first part of the amendment, down to the
word slavery, where the Secretary left oft' reading.
Mr. PUGH. Then I shall call for another di-
vision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can move to strike out. The amendment, how-
ever, is not divisible; it is an entire amendment
presented by the mover, and must be voted upon
as such.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not competent, when
an amendment is presented, to call for a division
when it contains two distinct propositions?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that this amendment does
not contain two distinct propositions. It is an
entirety, and is presented as such.
Mr. DAVIS. It is an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, it is an amendment, but
embraces several propositions, each by itself com-
plete. There is no difficulty in understanding
that portion of the resolution. rl'est it in this way:
suppose, on the division 1 have called for, a ma-
jority should sustain that part of the resolution;
it is distinct and stands by itself. Then suppose
the balance should be rejected. I apprehend the
fact that the mover has embraced several distinct
propositions m one resolution does not render
our action different from what it would if he had
offered them in half a dozen resolutions. It would
be competent for any member to propose as an
amendment half a dozen resolutions together. It
would be all one amendment. The Senate could
vote upon all of them; but it would be clearly
competent, I apprehend, to call for a separate
vote upon each one. These are distinct proposi-
tions, and although they come under one resolve,
if they are distinct, that is the only question, it
strikes me, with deference to the Presiding Officer.
If they arc so connected together that one part
cannot stand without the other, why, of course,
I have no right to call for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the amendment as proposed to be one
distinct proposition. The Secretary, however,
will read the rules governing amendments; which
I think will .satisfy the Senator.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"If the question in debate contains several point", any
member may have the same divided; but on a motion to
stuke out and insert, it shall not be in order to move foi a
division of the question."
Mr.TRUMBULL. Thatclearly sustains my
position. If the amendment have several points,
it may be divided.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will permit me,
I think he does not see the foiee of the last branch
of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the whole of the rule.
The Secretary continued the rule, as follows:
" But the rejection of a motion to stilke out and insert
one proposition shall not prevent a motion to strike out
and in^eita dilferent proposition; nor prevent a subsequent
motion dimply to strike out, nor blrall the rejection of a mo-
tion simply to strike out pievent a subsequent motion to
strike out and insert."
Mr. PUGH. I was going to suggest that we
cannot divide the amendment now, because it is
a proposition to insert it in lieu of something else.
If it should be inserted by a vote of the Senate,
then the question would be upon the resolution as
thus amended, and we could then call for adtvis-
ion of the proposition. Otherwise there would be
a division twice; first when offered as an amend-
ment,and second,on the resolution thus amended
1 think the Chair is right, and I withdraw my
demand for a division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this is a
substitute for the resolution. Now, is it not in
order to amend the substitute whilst pending?
This is a substitute. It proposes to get rid fcf the
whole resolution, and substitute another. If it
is in order to amend the substitute, can we not
vote upon the dilferent parts of the substitute?
I may be wrong about it, but it strikes me that is
clear.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The substitute
presented is a distinct proposition, and it would
not be in order to call for a division. The Chair
regards the amendment proposed as an entirety
and hut one proposition. The Senator can eifect
his object by moving to strike out that part of the
amendment to which he objects.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the uniform custom.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Foot, Foster, Ilale,
1-Iailan, TiunibuU, Wade, and Wilson—9.
NAYS—Messis. Benjamin, Bigter, Brags, Bright, Brown,
Chesmit, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatriek, Gieen, Gwin,
Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, ivoraOn, Johnson ot Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,Ma-
son, Nicholson, Peaiee, Polk, Powell, Pugh,- Rice, Sebas-
tian, Slidell, Toombs, Wigfall, and Yulee—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the sixth resolution.
Mr. PUGH. I shall not move an amendment,
because I have avoided moving any amendment
to the original context of the resolutions; but I
would vote for the sixth resolution with great
pleasure if four words were out of it. They are
these words, in the third line, " for the first time."
Conceiving them to be improperly put m there
for the purpose of bearing an inference to which
1 cannotagree, I shall be compelled to vote against
the whole resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bieler, Bragg, Bright, Ches-
nut, Clay, Clingman, Cuttenden, Davis, Fitapatrick,Gieen?
Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iver&on, Johnson ot
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Peaice, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thomson, Toombs, Wigfall, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messis. Bingham, Chandler, Di\on, Foot, Fos-
ter, llale, Pugh, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—i2.
So the sixth resolution was adopted.
The Secretary read the seventh resolution, as
follows:
7. Resolved, That the provision of the Constitution for the
rendition ol fugitives from service or labor, without the
adoption of which the Union could not have been formed,
and that the law*, of 3193 and 1£50, which were enacted to
secure its execution, and the main features of which, being
similar, hear the impress of nearly seventy years of sanction
by the highest judicial authority, should be honestly and
faithtully observed and maintained by all who enjoy the
benefits of our compact of union; and that all acts of indi-
viduals or of State Legislatuies to defeat the purpose or
nullify the requirements ot that provision, and the laws
inade m pursuance of it,aie hostile in charactei, subversive
of the Constitution, and levolutionary in their effect.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us have the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
already been ordered.
Mr. TEN EYCIv. Mr. President, as I intend
to vote for this resolution, I claim the indulgence
of the Senate to say a single word in explanation
of my vote. This seventh resolution embraces a
separate and distinct proposition, and is entirely
disconnected, in sentiment and principle, fiom
cither of the series which precede it. I believe,
sir, that the history of the times proves that if this
provision had not been incorporated in the Con-
stitution, this Union would never have been
formed. I believe I know,and everybody knows,
that this provision of the Constitution, of itself,
was a mere barren power, and required legislative
action to enforce it. Inconsequence of this, Con-
gress has passed a fugitive slave law. I believe a
