386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
ance. I allude to Edgar Snowdon, editor of the
Alexandria Gazette.
The article was read, as follows:
"Egh-Nogq in Congress.—The Alexandria Gazette,
referring to the comments of the press on the fact that ex-
Governor Smith, of Virginia, drank a glass of egg-nog? on
Christmas day, in the Hiftee of Representatives, says:
" 'He is, if not a tee-totaller, a strictly tcmperance man-
rarely, if ever, tasting spirituous liquors—m that respect
setting a good example to his 1'cllow-members. • When the
glass of egg-nogg was sent him, whilst lie was making nis
speech, he courteously acknowledged the present, and gave
the compliments of the season to the House, all jocosely,
and never dreaming that the newspapers would attribute
to him the "inauguration of the egg-noggera" in the House
of Representatives.' "
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Now?sir, when I
contrast this notice of the subject with that which
it has received elsewhere, I confess that, coming
from such a source, while it does mo no more
than justice, 1 am still the prouder of it. ^ It has
always been my good fortune to bo sustained, to
some extent, socially as well as politically, by
those who are regarded as my political adver-
saries.
Mr. Clerk, would it be amiss for me to say
here at this time, a word or two in addition ? Our
Constitution and the institutions that have grown
out of it X consider to be the perfection of human
wisdom. But never were the institutions of any
country subjected tosuchacrueltestasours. Here
wo see .one of the great parties of the country la-
boriously engaged m the work of their destruction,
embittering the relations that ou^ht to bind men
together as a band of brothers, and doing their
very best to break lip the glorious fabric of the
Government. Thatisnotall. We see gentlemen
of high intelligence, who are admitted into that
gallery for the purpose of reporting our proceed-
ings, engaged in bringing this body, the highest
aggregation, at least, of the sovereign will ot the
people, into contcmptand ridicule. We see these
gentlemen, forgetful of what I must respectfully
consider their duty to their country, and their
duty to the courtesies of their position, deliber-
ately engaged in bringing this body of men into
contumely, ridicule,and contempt. I ask them,
if they will reflect a moment, how they can find
it in their hearts to do it > how their patriotism
will allow them to do it?
I ask them how they think they are requiting,
in any decree, the courtesy which placed them
' there ? Sitting there as the'organs of public sen-
timent, or at least as the agents of disseminating
intelligence, they ought to resolve, at least, to pre-
sent this Hrmse to the country in the heat possible
aspect, and that it may be highly esteemed and
appreciated by all. They ought, ill fact, to draw
the mantle ol charity over its faults, and while
they " nothing extenuate,'' they ought not to " set
down aught in malice," That seems to he the
duty of those gentlemen who occupy that gallery.
So far as 1 am concerned, 1 have been too much
the object of detraction to be much tried by know.
I ha a e survived it all, thank (> oi i. and have main-
tained an honorable position m the. estimation of
my countrymen, i fear not the utmost that can
be done to drag me down. \ct, I would ask that
all may render justice to me when justice is duo.
With that, I place myself upon the country, and
stand up before that country for my deliverance.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that tin1 House do
now proceed to vote for Speaker; and on that I
v pr.
ask the previous question
Mr. BARRKTT. I second the previous ques-
tion.
The main question was ordered; which was on
ordering a vote for Speaker.
Mr. WINSLOW. On that 1 call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 210, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS —Mcssis. Charles, F. Ailain>, Giccu Adams
Adram, Aldrioli, Allen, Alley, Thomas I,. Anderson, Wil-
liam < '■ Anderson, Aslilev, Asinnoie, Aveiy, Babbitt,
HaiK^dale, JiartPU, Beate, Bingham, Blah, ISlakr, Bocoek,
Bonhain, liotolcr. Boulignv, liovce, Btah^on, Branch,
hravton, lings*, Bu*tow, Buthntoa, Buich, Uurlingaine,
Burnett, Jiuinhain, lUnroughs, Buttcriield, Campbell, Ca-
rey, Carter, Oa^e, floraceF. Clark, Jolm B. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb Colfat', Conkling, Cooner, Corwin, Covode, Cox,
James Ciaig. Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Cuitis, Da-
vidson, John <>■ Davis, Keilben Davit,,Daweb, DeJarnette,
Dimmick, Due!!, Dunn, Edgorlon, Edmundson, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, English, Farnswoith, Fenton, Feriy, Florence,
Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, Garnett, Gartrcll, Gilmer,
Gooch, Graliam. Grow, Gurlev, Hale, Hall, Hamilton,
Hardeman, J. Moriison Harris, John T. Harris, Ilatton,
Hawkins, Helraick, Hickman, Hoard, Ilolman, Houston,
Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchin«, .jackson, Junkin,
Keitt, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil-
gore, Killinger, Kunkel, Lamar, L,andrum, Larrabee, De-
Witt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan,
Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy,Maclay, Mattery, Marston,
Elbert S. Maitin, Maynard, McClernand, McKean, JIc-
Kniglit, McPlierson, Mcllae, Miles, Millson, Montgomeiy,
Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, B.
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack,
Nixon, Noell, Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Pennington, Peiry,
Petti t, Pcvtori, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pryoi, Pugh, Quarles,
Reagan, Kice, Riggs, Chi htopher Robinson, James C. Rob-
inson, Itoyce, Ruilin, Rust, Scott, Seranton, Sedgwick,
Simins, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Strat-
ton, Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Theaker, Thomas, lomp-
kins, Train, Trimble, Vallandigliam, Vance, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Ellilm B. Washburnc, Israel Washburn, Web-
stei, Wells, Whitelcy, Wilson, Windom, Wmsiow, W ood,
Woodiufl", and Wright—210.
NAYS—Messrs. Ethcridge, Ilili, Love, McQueen, and
Undeiwood—3.
So the vote for Speaker was ordered.
THIRTIETH BALLOT F011 SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to the thirtieth bal-
lot for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 219; necessary to a choice,
110; of which—,
Mr. Sherman received 
Mr. Hamilton 
Mr. Gilmer   
Mr. Reynolds  ~
Mi. Stokes  1
Mr. VVinslow  1
>So there was no choicc.
The following' is tin.' vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman--Mc«sr->. Charles F. Adams, Aldiieh,
Alloy, ABabbitt, Br ale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biav-
ion,'lUtflinton, Burlineame, Burnham, Bunough*, Butter-
field, Campbell, Caiey, Carter, Ca^e, Coltax, Conkling,
Coi win, Covode, Cuitis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Elv, Fauiswouh, Fenton, Foiry, Foster,
Frank, French,Gooch.Graham,Grow,Gurley, Ilale, Hall,
Ilaskin, llelmiek, Hickman, Hoaul, Humphrey, Hutching,
Junkin, Francis VY Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenvon,
Ktlfore, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneckei,
Loomis. Lovejoy, Matston, McKean, IMcICniglit, MePhei-
*011, Moot head, Momll, Mono, Ohn, Pulmci, Pennington,
I'errv, Pettit, Portei, Potter, Rico, Chustophei Kobinson,
Ko}<*:e, Seianton, Sedgwick, Soine^, Spaulding, Spmnci,
Stanton, Steven:-, William Htewait, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Thcakei, Tompkins Tiam, Tumble, Vamievei,
Van Wyck, Wade, AValihon, Walton, Cadwaiadei C.
Washburn, Ellilm B. Washburnc, Israel Washbmn,
Wellh, Wilfon, Windoin, Wood, and Woodiuft'.
/•'or Mr. Hamilton—"SUw*. Allen, Thomas L. Andeison,
Ashmoie, Aveiv, Naik^lale, Barr, Bairett, Hoeock, Bon-
ham, Botebi, B<Mili^in, Hoycr, Bianch, Buich, Burnett,
J( Un B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, Jame^ Ciaitf,
Burton Ciai£*e,Crawlbrd, Cuiry, Davidson, John G. Davis,
Jlcuhen Bavi^, l)c Jamette, Dimmiek, Edmundson,Knglihh,
Florence, Fouke, Camett, Oartroll, Hardeman, John T.
Harris, llawkiti^, llindman, llohnan, Houston, Ilovvaid,
lluwhes, Jaelc^on, Kent, Kunkel, fianiar, Laudium, Lana-
be<s Leake, Loqan, Love, Maelay, Cluules 1). Martin, Kl-
[,(>]t S. Martin, AleClomaml, McCiueen, MeUne, Mile<,
MilKon, Montqomeiv, S\denham Moore, Isaa.- 7M. Morris,
Niblaek, Noell, i'endletim, Peytoti, l'lieips, Pryor, Pugh,
Ue.i'Mii, James C. Robinson, Kudin. Ru.si, Snrna^,
Sm^leton, William Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Stout,Ta>lor,Thomas, (Jndenvood, Vallandigliam, Winte-
luy, Wmsiow, and WUght.
For Mr. Cilmer— Messr* Green Adams, WdliamC. An-
dnson, Brabson, Bri«4S,'s, Bri^tow, H. Winter Davi^,Ethel-
id^e, J. MoniMin Hauls, Hatton, Hill, James M. Leach,
JVlalloiy, Maynard, Laban T. Moore, Edvvaid Joy Morris,
Nelson, Cluarles, William N. H. Smith, Stokes,
Vance, and Webster.
For Mr. llrynoUU—-Messrs. Adram and Horace !•. Clark.
For Mr. Stokes—Mr Gilmer.
For Mr. irimlon-—Mi. Hamilton.
During tho vote,
Mi*. L&ACK, of North Carolina, when his
name was called, said: I stated tlio other evening
that whenever my vote would electa Democrat—
a eoiiHorvative national man, as I regard tin; gen-
tleman lYuin Texas as beini^—it would not be with-
! held. Sev<nal of the Democrats did not vote for
j him that day, and the entire vote of the party
j with whom \ have tho honor to act would not
I havo pec.ured his election. When these other
| Democrats romo in, and whenever my vote will
elect, it shall not be wanting for a patriotic., eon-
I servative, national Democrat. I now vote for my
I colleague, Mr. Gilmer.
I Mr! SCOTT, when his name was called, said:
I was very sick this morning, Mr. Clerk, and
left my sick bed to come, here and vote for Mr.
Hamilton, but my friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Wjnslow,] has paired me for the day with
■ Mr. Pottle.
After the result of the ballot was announced,
Mr. WINSL0W moved to proceed to another
ballot for Speaker; and called for the previous
I second the previous ques-
questiori
Mr HOUSTON.
UUll.
The main question was ordered; arid the motion
was agreed to. ^
TIIIRTY-PIIIST BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to the thirty-first
ballot for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 219; necessary to a
choicc, 110; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 
Mr. Hamilton   
Mr. Gilmer 
Mr. Reynolds  ->
Mr. Jotm G. Davis    J
Mr. James M. Leach  *
Mr. Sydenham Moore  *
Mr. Hickman   1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldricli,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burjingame, Surnhain, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carev, Case, Colfax, Conklmg, Corwm,
Covode, Cuitis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Farnsvvorth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank,
French, Gooeji, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Haskin,
Iletmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutehms, Junkin,
Fianeis W. Kellogg William Kellogg, Kenyon, kilgore,
Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, McKean,McKnight, McPheison, Moor
head, Morrill, Morso, Nixon, Olin, Palmer. Pennington,
Perry, Potut, Porter, Pottei, Rice, Christopher Robinsonv
Van" Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladei C.
Washburn,Ellihu B. Washburnc, [siael Washburn, Wells,
Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mi. Hamilton—Messis. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashmore, Aveiy, Barksdale, Banctt, Bocoek, Bonham,
Botelei, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, Buroli, Burnett, John
li. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Bur-
ton Craige, Oawford, Curry, Davidson, John G. Davis,.
Reuben Davis, De Jamette, Dimmick, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Floience, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrcll, Hardeman, Johrr
T. Harris, Hawkins, llindman, Ilolman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Keltt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Lar-
rabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Maelay, Cluules D. Martin,
Filbert S. Martin, McClernand, McCiueen, McRae, Miles,
Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore,
Isaac N. Moms,Nibiack, Noell,Pcndleion, Peyton,Phelps,
Prjoi, Pnirli, Reagan, James U. Robinson, Ruffin, Rust,
Snnms, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, James A.
Stewait, Stout, Tayloi, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandig-
liam, Vance, Whitelcy, WTinslo\v, and Wught.
For Mr. Gilmer— Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Brabson* Briggs, Bristow, H. Winter Davis, Ether-
ldge, J. Morrison Hams, Hatton, Hill, James M. Leach,
Mai lory, Maynard, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Quarles,
William N. II. Smith, Stokesfand Wefester.
For Mr. Reynolds—Messrs. Adrain, Hoi ace F. Clark, ana
Riggs.
For Mr John G. Davis—Mr. Barr.
For Mi. Jama M. Leach—Mr. Gilmei.
For Mr. Sydenham Moore—Mr. Hamilton.
For Mr. llirfnafrn—Mr. Carter.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the.House pro-
ceed to vote again for Speaker; and on that I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
niain question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the motion was agreed to.
THIRTY-SECOND BALLOT FOll SPEAKER.
The House procceded'to the thirty-second ballot
for Speaker, with tho following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 219; necessary to a choice,
110; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 1*^
Mr. Hamilton 
Mr. Gilmer  If
. Mr. Rcvnelds  3
Mr.    3
Mr. John (I. Davis  ]
Mr. ilatton  J
Mr. Keitt  1
So there was no choice.
The following1 in the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman -Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Allev, Ashley, Babbitt, Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton/Buffinto'n, Builingame, Burnham, Buiroughs, Butter-
lield, Campbell, Cdiey, Case, Colfax, Conkhng, Corwm,
Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Eawaids,
Eliot, Ely, Fains worth, Fenton, Feiry, Foster, Frank,
French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Guilev, Hale, Hall, Hel-
nuck Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutehms, Junkin,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore.
Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, Loomis,
Loveioy Maiston, McKean, McKnight, MePherson,
Mooihea<l, Morrill, Edward Joy Moiris, Morse, Nixon,
Olin, Palmer, Pennmeton, Perry, Pcttit, Porter, Potter,
Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Seranton, Sedgwick,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theakei. Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron,
