1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38?
Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodruff.
For Mr. Hamilton—Messrs. Allen, ThomasL. Anderson,
Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham,
Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, Burch, Burnett, John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, CooperrCox, James Craig, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, John 6. Davis, Reuben
Davis, De Jarnette, Dimmiek, Edmundson, English, Flor-
ence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, H&rdeman, John T. Harris,
Hawkins, Hindraan, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
Jackson, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Larrabee,
Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Charles p. Martin, Elbert S.
Martin, McClernand, McQueen, MeRae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N.
Morris, Niblaek, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Piyor,
Pugh, Reagan, James C. Robinson, llutlin, Rust, Simms,
Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigliain, Vance,
Whiteley, Winsiow, and Wright.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-1
derson, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow, H. Winter Davis, Ether-
idge, J, Morrison Hams, Hatton, Hill, James M. Leach,
Mallory, Maynard, Nelson, Quaries, William N. H. Smith,
Stokes, and Webster.
For Mr. Reynolds—Messrs. Adrain, Horace F. Clark,
and Riggs.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Mr. Barr.
For Mr. Hickman—Messrs. Carter and Haskin.
For Mr. Hatton—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr. Keitt—Mr. Hamilton.
Mr. WINSLOW. X suppose it is entirely use-
less to go on with balloting to-day. [Cries of
" Vote !"] I think it is entirely useless. [Cries
of "Yes! let us adjourn now."] I understand the
gentleman from Georgia, who is entitled to the
floor, [Mr. Gartrell,] would prefer going on to-
morrow. I move that the House do now adjourn.
. Mr. CRAWFORD. My colleague is entitled
to the floor; and if the House is disinclined to ad-
journ now, perhaps some other gentleman might
like to be heard. [Generalshouts of "Oh, no!"
" Let us adjourn!"]
Mr. WINSLOW. I have no disposition to do
anything that would not.meet the approbation of
gentlemen on flic other side of the House. I
therefore move to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
thirty-five minutes past two o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 10, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guni,ey-.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
- EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, in answer to the resolution of the Senate of
21st December, 1858, requesting the President to
lay before the Senate the correspondence between
the Mexican Government and Mr. Forsyth, Min-
ister of the United States to Mexico, and the cor-
respondence of the State Department on the subject
of Mexican affairs, referred to in his late annual
message, snd such other correspondence as may
be necessary to elucidate the complications which
resulted m the suspension of diplomatic relations
with Mexico by the United Stateslegationin that
country; which was, on motion of Mr. Clay, re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. EIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the enactment of a law
to grant pensions to the soldiers of the war of
1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. . .
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of John
Reeves, praying that the United States Minister
at Gonstantinople maybe instructed to submit
to the Sultan his claim to pay for services while
employed and detained in Turkey to construct
vessels of war for that Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
- Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
Richard S. Coxe, administrator of Anna Gibson,
widow of Colonel George Gibson, of the Army,
praying payment of an amount of money claimed
to be due her; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of cit-
izens of the Chicago, Detroit, and Canada Grand
Trunk Junction Railroad Company, praying the
establishment of a port of entry at Port Huron;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
m^rco.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mar-
quette, Michigan, and owners and masters of
vessels, and others interested in the commerce of
Lake Superior, praying the improvement of the
harbor of that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition pf commis-
sioned officers of the United States Army, pray-
ing that a law may be enacted to make due pro-
vision for the retirement from active service of
officers who have become disabled in the service;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. NICHOLSON presented the petition of
Catharine Hagie, widow of John Hagie, a vol-
unteer under General La Fayette, in the revolu-
tionary war, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a
petition of citizens of the United States, praying
the passage of a law to prevent all further traffic
in, and monopoly of, the public lands of the Uni-
ted States, and that they be laid out in farms and
lots of limited size, for the free and exclusive use
of actual settlers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented the memorial of Nathaniel
Rye, a soldier in the war of 1819, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, praying for the establishment of
a county and District of Columbia normal school,
from which teachers eminently qualified may go
into the public schools, and an industrial univer-
sity, in which orphans and pupils of merit with-
out funds may acquire a first-class education by
their Inbor on a model farm and m model work-
shops; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Daniel Davis and others, inhabitants of Franklin
county, Maine, and soldiers in the war of 1812,
praying that pensions may be granted to the sol-
diers of that war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Henry Ilobbs,
praying the enactment of a law to authorize him
to locate a land warrant; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of J. W. Dyer,
A. L. Dyer, and W. W. Dyer, praying that an
amount of tonnage duties exacted from the ship
Corinthian may be refunded; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a petition of res-
idents of El Paso county, Texas, praying the
establishment of a custom-house at jEl Paso, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the petition of Anna
Mitchell, widow of Darius Mitchell, a soldier in
the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BRAGG presented additional papers m
relation to the claim of John H. Wheeler, late
Minister to Nicaragua, for services, losses, and
expenses incident to his mission; which, with his
memorial and papers on the files of the Senate,
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
PAPERS WITHDRAW AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of H. L. Gallaher, praying
that his claim for work done upon the Washington aque-
duct may be settled upon principles of justice and equity,
on the files of the Senate, be releircd to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Robert Orr and Chambers
Oil. surviving childien of Captain Robert Orr, in the expe-
dition of General George Rogers Clark, ol' Virginia, against
the Indians m the now State of Ohio, in 1781, prayin? for
land pionnserl by the la\vt> of Viigima, 011 the files of the
Senatf, be refened to the Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HEMPHILL gave noticc of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to increase the sal-
aries of the judges of the United States for the
I eastern and western districts of Texas, and to
i regulate the compensation of the attorneys and
' marshals of the United States for said districts.
bills introduced.
Mr. SIMMONS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S; No. 51)
for the relief of James Maccaboy; which was read
twice- by its- title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims. .
He also asked,.and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 52) for
the relief of Jeremiah Pendergast; which Was road
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent OfBce.
territorial policy.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, which was submitted by
Mr. Pugh on the 15th ultimo:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories' be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ofrepeallng so much
of the acts approved September 9,1850, for the organization
of territorial governments in NewMexico and Utah, as re-
quires that all the laws passed bj'the Legislatures of those
Territories shall be submitted to Congress for approval or
rejection.
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Harlan, to insert, at the end of
the resolution, the following:
And s&id committee is also instructed to inquire into the
propriety of authorizing the people of eacli of said Terri-
tories to elect ail their territorial oliicers, executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial, in such manner as tlie Legislatures thereof
fliall provide.
Mr. GREEN addressed the Senate for nearly
two hours without finishing his speech. [When
completed, it will be published in the Appendix.!
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from Missouri will
give %vay, I will move that the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until to-morrow,
with a view of having an executive session which
I am told is very desirable.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PRINTING 01? THE POST OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Alabama, before he makes his motion
for an executive session, I desire to call-attention
to a little matter of business. I understand from
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads that the Postmaster General de-
sires the immediate printing of his report, and I
believe such is the desire ot that committee also.
It has been referred, with the other documents
accompanying the message, to the Committee on
Printing. That committee do not feel themselves
at liberty to place the manuscript at the disposal
of the Superintendent of Printing for the purpose
of being printed for the use of the Department,
without the permission of the Senate. If that per-
mission be given, that portion of the documents
referred to, will be surrendered to the Superin-
tendent for that purpose. I move, therefore, that
the committee be directed to surrender to the Super-
intendent of Printing the report of the Postmaster
Genc^il, with the appendix, for the purpose of
printing, for the use of that Department, whatever
number they may choose to order, to be paid for
out of their contingent fund.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand the scope of the
motion to be simply to pass over so much of the
papers accompanying the President's message as
relates to the Post OiFice Department, to the Post-
master General, and allow him to get it printed
as he pleases.
Mr. FITCH. And pay for it out of the con-
tingent fund of the Department. The manuscript
having been referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, they do not feel themselves at liberty to sur-
render it, except on the express order of the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not see by what author-
ity the Postmaster General can get it printed.
The law prescribes the manner in which all print-
ing shall be done. Certainly the Senate, by it's
own action, cannot abrogate the law; that is very
clear. However, I do not object to passing the
document over to the Postmaster General, and
if ho ean find a way to get out of the law let him
do it.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the only difficulty m
tlie way is, that we have no Printer, and neither
the Senate nor the committee can direct theprmt-
ing of documents of this character. If the head
of a Department sees a way to evade the law, 1
am willing to surrender the manuscript to nim,
with the permission of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a mere evasion ot the
law.
