1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329S
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill was
presented from the Secretary's desk, and is in
order. The amendment of the Senate was to
add &.(. tie end of the second section:
Froi-md, That all the present temporary agents ami sub-
agents ni Washington Territory shall lie dismissed, and no
others appointed.
The Senator from Arkansas moves to recon-
sider the vote agreeing to this amendment, and
offers, in its stead, an amendment which will be
read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
I can object to the consideration of the bill to-
day 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It has been taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. By a vote of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not understand it.
I asked to have it read before it should be taken
up, with a view to see what it was. There has
been no vote of the Senate to take it up. Now, I
should like to have the bill read before that amend-
ment is offered, and see whether I will object to
it or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair di-
rected the amendment proposed to be substituted
for the one already read to be read for the mform-
, ation of the Senate, and he will then have the bill
read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not too late to ob-
ject. I observed expressly that I should like to
have the bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment that is proposed to be inserted for the one
which has been read will be read for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, to strike out all of the
original amendment adopted by the Senate, and
to insert m lieu thereof:
Provided, That no agent or sub-agent, cither special,
temporary, or otheiwbe, shall be heicalter employed or
continued in employment in Washington Territory, except
only tile tin ee agents and sub-agents provided for by exist-
ing law, and the additional agents enacted bj this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I should like to hear
the bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read at length.
Tile Secretary read it. It authorizes the Pres-
ident to make a separate superintendency of Wasli-
ingion Territory; and to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during the
recess thereof, and until the end of its next ses-
sion after such appointment, a superintendent of
Indian affairs for that Territory, with an annual
salary of $2,500. The President is also author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, ordunng a recess theieof, and
until the end of its next session after such appoint-
ment, three additional agents for the Territory,
with an annual salary of §1,500 each. The Pres-
ident, in adjusting the limits of the respective]
superintendencies of Oregon and Washington,
may attach any tribe situated partly in both to
either superintendency, in such manner as, in his
judgment, may best promote the public service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the amendment agreed to by
the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have only to say, in
explanation of thatamendment, that it was passed
by consent between myself, representing the com-
mittee, and the Senator from Vermont, not now
in his seat, [Mr. Collamer.] The amendment
did not properly embody our views, as we under-
stood them at the time, and the bill was sent for
to the House, to enable the Senate to correct that
error. The amendment which 1 have sent to the
Chan- has been submitted to the Senator from
Vermont, and agreed to by him as embodying the
views which constituted the compromise of the
opinions upon the original passage of the bill. It
is to carry out that understanding with the Sen-
ator from Vermont that I had the bill recalled.
That amendment obviates all his objections, and
satisfies him that the number of agents granted
by the bill is fewer than those absolutely and in
fact employed under the existing law. That was
the whole object in having it recalled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote agreeing to the
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the original amend-
ment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I now offer the amend-
ment which has been read in lieu of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was passed.
MAILS TO MEXICO.
Mr. WIGFALL, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 517) to pro-
vide for the transportation of the mails of the
United States between the United States and the
Republic of Mexico; which was read a first and
second time by unanimous consent.
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask the consent of the
Senate for the present consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read for information.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to the consideration
of the bill at this time. It is merely read for in-
formation, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the bill cannot be considered to-day.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had receded from its amendment to the
first amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 503) making further appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, I860, disagreed
to by the Senate, and had agreed to said firstamend-
ment of the Senate; also, that the House had re-
ceded from its disagreement to the third amend-
ment of the Senate to the said bill, and had agreed
to the same.
I'llINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced tlmt the House
had ordeied, on the 23d of June, the printing of
the following documents:
Letter of the Postmaster General communicat-
ing copies of contracts, &c.—ordered at two
o'clock and twenty minutes.
Message of the President of the United States
in reference to the impracticability of concluding
a contract for the transportation of the mails be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific ports—ordered at
three o'clock and fifteen minutes.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. II.
No. 812) to amend an act entitled "An act grant-
ing public lands, m alternate sections, to the State
of Mississippi, to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State, ami for other purposes," ap-
proved August 11, 1856; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
IION. DAVID C. BRODERICK.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Commit-
tee to Auditand Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, to whom was referred the resolu-
tion in reference to the pay of the late Senator
Broderick, from the State of California, have had
the same under consideration, and instructed me
to report it back to the Senate, and to ask to be
discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the resolution
be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee reports back the resolution re-
ferred to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, and moves
I that the committee he discharged from the further
considertion of the resolution.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California now asks the present considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the following resolution:
Rcsolvei, That the Secretary of the Senate be. and he is
hereby, directed to pay, out ot the contingent fund of the
Senate, to the assignee of Hon. David C. liioderielc, de-
ceased, late a Senator of the United States, the amount of
compensation due the deceased at the time of his death.
Mr. PUGH. That subject was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary and thoroughly con-
sidered, and we reported.it to be against the law.
The act fixing the compensation of Congressmen
provides expressly to whom a-balance of salary
shall be paid. If we pay it to.this assignee, we
shall he compelled to pay it to tho right person
hereafter. The Committee on the Judiciary con-
sidered the subject, and the chairman, the Sena-
torfrom Delaware.madeanelaboratereporton it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the resolution for consideration
at this time.
Mr. PUGH. Is it just offered this morning?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
reported this morning.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will say to
the Senator that the resolution was introduced a
a few days since and referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate. We have had it under consideration,
and, on account of its being made payable to the
assignee, report it back to the Senate, and ask to
be discharged fro-m its consideration, without any
recommendation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the question can come
up properly before the Senate, I wish to say a
word on that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the resolution for consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itis a question to be set-
tled by the Senate, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the matter is
debatable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To a limited
extent on the motion to take it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state the reason
why it should be taken up. It is a matter that I
investigated myself before it went to the commit-
tee. I do not think there will be the slightest dan-
ger in paying this money; and 1 will state why.
I know the Committee on the Judiciary reported
against it, and I think the report from the com-
mittee, as to the question of law, may be right;
but if Senators will listen to me a moment, I will
state the facts just as they are.
The l«w, as it stood originally, provided that
nomembei of Congress should receive any ammmt
of money for a session, unless ho took his seat;
but there was a subsequent law providing, where
a Senator died in the recess, that the amount that
was due to him up to that period should be paid
to his wife or children, if he had any, and if not,
to his heirs, thus providing expressly to whom
it should be paid. Mr. Broderick, before he left
the city, after the last session, had occasion to
borrow some money—$2,000—of a Mr. Barnard,
of New York, a friend. He borrowed it of him
and gave him an assignment of the amount that
was due to him at the next session of Congress.
He lived during a part of the vacation, not long
enough to make the whole of his pay amount to
$2,000—about seventeen hundred dollars, as I rec-
ollect. He gave this assignment, properly exe-
cuted, and about which there is no dispute what-
ever, for this money. I believe the money was
taken out of bank by Mr. Barnard, who was a
personal friend of his, and on his indorsement,
which he has had to pay.
That was the simple state of the facts. Under
that state of facts, as a matter of law, the money
due to Mr. Broderick would be payable, he hav-
ing died, to his wife, or children, if he had any,
and, having none, to his heirs. Itis proved, by tes-
timony, that he had no wife, and had no children,
and had no heirs. It has been proved by several
witnesses that Mr. Broderick repeatedly declared,
over and over again, that he had ljo living heir,
110 relative whatever. An attempt was made to
get up a cousinship to parties in California; but
it utterly failed. He left no living heirs. %Vhat
is the result? That the money thus due to Mr.
Broderick goes into the Treasury of the United
States, and remains there; and the question is
really, as a matter of fact, whether it shall be re-
tained in the Treasury of the United States, for
the benefit of the United States Government, or
go where we should all like to have it go, to this
assignment that Mr. Broderick made to bis fiieiid
for money borrowed before he left foi home.
Now, 1 know the answer to be made by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and the answer to
be made by any lawyer is: it is possible, by and
by, some heir will come and claim thi^s money,
because the law makes it payable, in case of his
