3296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25.
death, to his widow and children, or failing such,
to his heirs. There is rrot the slightest danger,
in my judgment, or in the judgment of anybody
acquainted with Mr. Broderick ^affairs, of this
money ever being called for. It is notorious he
left no wife or child. He declared repeatedly,
and it is matter of notoriety, over and over again,
that he .did not know that his blood ran in the
veins of any human being. 1 .am not positive
that I heard him say so myself; but my impres-
sion is that he said it to me. Iknow I have been
told so.
Mr. WILSON. *He said it to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He said it to the Senator
from Massachusetts. There has been an attempt
to ma'fee a claim to his estate, but it has not been
substantiated. There is a sort of rumor that he
had a cousin in California; but I am told it has
entirely failed; so that, in reality, the question of
fact is, whether this money shall remain in the
Treasury of the United States or go" to pay the
debt of Mr. Broderick to his friend, who loaned
him money, and took an assignment of this very
claim, which there is not enough to pay. The
answer, as 1 said before, is, that it is possible the
Government may be called to pay this again.
Everything is possible, perhaps; but the fact is
unquestionably otherwise; and it is a simple ques-
tion whether the Senate, in the exercise of its
power, will carry out this intention of Mr. Brod-
erick, which is honorable on his part and just to
his assignee ?
Mr. MASON. I am opposed to having this
money paid out of the contingent fund. It may
be proper to pay it, but it should notbc voted out
of the contingent fund. If Mr. Broderick left no
heirs, if such is the fact, I presume his estate
would be liable to his creditors.
Mr. FEjSSfiNDEN. This was a specific as-
signee.
Mr. PUGH. This matter was brought before
the Senate by a petition from the assignee. It
Wes examined very fully by one of the standing
committees of the body,an<£they were unanimous
against it. Then it was brought up in the shape
of a resolution to pay out of the conting&gt fund,
which is itself a violation of law. The resolution
itself is a violation of an act of Congress in rela-
tion to the contingent fund of the Senate, and it is
for no other purpose except to avoid the ordeal of
a private hill. This resolution was sent to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, and they reported against
it; and here, in defiance of two standing commit-
tees of this body, an attempt is made, within an
hour and a half of the adjournment, to put this
resolution upon its passage.
Now, sir, I am not going to follow the Senator
from Maine into this case. I say it is a proposi-
tion for us to pay the money to a pledgee upon
collateral security of a salary not earned at the
time of the pledge. It is extremely doubtful
whether that engagement or collateral pledge is of
any force at all even as against the administrator,
but certainly it is of no validity as against the
heir. Now, Mr. Broderick may have declared
that he had no relatives, many times; but Mr.
jRroderick's declaration does not prove the matter
one way or another. He is said to have left a
will, at least We have notice of contestation as to
the succession to his estate; and, under these cir-
cumstances, without waiting any reasonable time
to see the event of that litigation, we are asked to
pay this amount of money. It was not an assign-
ment of money due. ft wasapledgeof collateral
security of salary not earned. As I said, the at-
tempt is made, in defiance of the unanimous opin-
ion, as it appears, of two standing committees of
the Senate, to pass it upon the last day. I say it
is a disgrace to our legislation. It may turn out
proper to pay this gentleman, but, at anvr rate,
it should not be put forward in this way. i move
that the resolution lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING" OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. PUGH. That resolution is required, by
the rules, to be passed by the yeas and nays, be-
ing a resolution to pay money out of the contin-
gent fund.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICEIl. Uponthisques-
tion the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brown. Chandler,
DooHttle. Durkee, Fessenden. Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Hemphill, iverson, Kennedy, King, Pearc'e, Riee,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten F.yok, Wade, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg, Chesnut, Johnson of Arkansas,
Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, Pugh, Saulsbury, Se-
bastian, SJidell, and Wigfall—12.
So the resolution was passed.
POINT COUPEE PARISH.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that Senate bill No.
258, which has come back from the House with
a clerical amendment—merely the alteration of
some figures—be now taken up, and the amend-
ment concurred in.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 258) to grant to the parish of
Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts of land in
said parish, which was, in line eight, to strike out
"twenty-four" and "twenty-five," and insert
" twenty-three" and " twenty-four."
The amendment was concurred in.
PURCHASE OS1 BOOKS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up joint resolution No. 39, authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to purchase certain
books. This is the same matter which was re-
ferred to the other day. I want the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas
to take up the joint resolution (S. No. 35) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to purchase
certain books.
Mr. KfNG. I suppose a single objection does
not prevent the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion. If it did, I do not know that I would make
it. I am opposed to taking up or passing the
resolution, because it is a proposition to purchase
certain books for the use of tne Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the mo-
tion is put to the Senate, I wish to say one word,
which may be a source of some satisfaction to
the Senator from New York. It is this: I shall
simply ask, after it is taken up, for the reading
of the letter of the Secretary of the Interior, which
will show the importance of it; and if then there
is opposition, ana debate arises, I shall yield it
at once and drop it.
Mr. KING. I will state my understanding of
it. It is a compilation of the land laws and de-
cisions,and I daie saya very useful book,which
has been compiled by a clerk in the Department;
and he has obtained, as a matter of favor, a letter
from the Department, and a recommendation. I
dare say it is a very good book, but my objection
is to the purchase of books.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to take up the resolution.
The question being taken on a division, there
were—ayes nine.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for the
yeas and nays. The Senate can dispose of it in
another way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Chair be so kind as
to let us know what the question is J
The PRESIDING OFFICER The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas
to take up for consideration a joint resolution re-
lating to the purchase of certain books.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 desire to make a motion for
reconsideration, which, I believe, is a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the resolution
adopted by the Senate in reference to the payment
of money contiary to law in the case of the estate
of Mr. Broderick.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware rises to a privileged question, and I
moves to reconsider the vote agreeing to the res- j
olution in reference to the payment, from the con- ;
tmgent fund, of what may be due to the late Mr.
Broderick. That motion will be entered, and the
Secretary will call the roll on the motion to take
up the resolution indicated by the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the roll
is called, in order to save time, I will pay my
acknowledgments to the Senator from New York
for the pertinacity with which he has opposed
. this thing, and will withdraw any application to
I take it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motiojl
can be withdrawn by common consent, the yo
and nays having been ordered. The Chair Jyfiira
no objection.
HON. DAVID C. BRODERICK.
Mr. BAYARD. I now make the motion to
reconsider the resolution relative to paying the
assignee of the estate of Mr. Broderick.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did you vote in the affirm-
ative ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us call it up and have
it settled.
Mr. BAYARD. I have made this motion be-
cause, it seems to me, the resolution has' been
passed directly in the face of an existing law. A
bill was introduced at the commencement of this
session authorizing the payment which is now
prescribed to be made out of the contingent fund
by a single resolution of the Senate. That bill
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
They made a very elaborate report upon it to the
Senate, and I think on perfectly correct grounds,
that, though this money is due to Mr. Broderick'#
estate, it could not be anticipated by way of mort-
gage; that the attempt was to sanction an act
which was not recognized as legal in any courts
ofjustice that I know of, and certainly is in the '
face of an existinglaw. The act of Congress
under which compensation was paid directs that,
in the event of the death of the party, and the
compensation is accruing, when the time of pay-
ment comes the payment is to be made to the
widow, if there is a widow; and if there is no
widow, to the heirs-at-law. The mortgage in this
case was executed antecedent to any portion of
the money accruing. The fund is not payable to
the party. It was not payable to Mr. Broderick.
It is not the individual case that governs me at
all in any way; but I think the precedent an ex-
cessively dangerous one that the Senate of the
United States should direct money to be paid out
of its contingent fund directly in the face of the
law which Congress has chosen to adopt as to the
mode in which members are to be paid. That is
what they have done. 1 had no expectation that
this question would come up again before the Sen-
ate. Why was not the bill called up this session
that was reported back adversely? Why not take
that up? Why not legislate upon this question
fairly, instead of attempting, by the action of the
Senate alone, to violate the law of the land? That
is what it comes to. You have no authority to
direct this money to be paid to any one but the
heirs-at-law. Who are the heirs-at-law? Have
the creditors a right to take it? No. They can-
not come and claim from you, because the money
is not payable to the deceased, and never was.
He did not live; and, in the event of death, the
law says the money shall be paid to the widow,
if there is one, and if there is no widow it is to be
paid to his heirs-at-law: and under that comes up
a question between devisees and heirs-at-law. It
is a claim that would not be allowed under any
principle of law that exists in any State of this
Union; and yet the Senate undertake to make that
payment. If you make it, you make it in your
own wi ong. If you make it, you make a liability
to the devisees of that estate or the heirs-at-law to
claim payment back again.
I have no objection to the payment of the just
debts of any man. I think they ought to be paid.
I know, from all that I have heard in this case,
tiny can be paid by the party going to California
to get it. It is a just debt; but the question is
this: the petitioner asks that we shall anticipate
the law of the land merely for his convenience,
because it would be inconvenient for him to go to
California to claim the money there. That is the
whole case. We are asked, in violation of great
principles of law, by a resolution of the Senate,
to allow money to be paid here which does not
belong to this party at all; and yet he can recover
by taking the ordinary course belonging to every
one else, by going and claiming the money where
the party died intestate, and where the estate
rests.
Mr. President, I am at a loss to conceive upon
what possible ground this can be done. This is
not to prevent the money being paid as due by
the Government. It is not to dcpiive the creditor
of his just debt. I do not wish to do that. He
has his claim and his right; but it is for the mere
