1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
mg,in all essential particulars, to that prescribed
in the ordinance of 1787. These Territories were
well governed, and gave but little trouble to the
balance of the Union. In due time they were ad-
mitted into the Union, and now form some of the
most magnificent States in the Confederacy.
Under the system inaugurated in 1836, when
Wisconsin was introduced, we have hadUtah and
Kansas, which have given us more trouble than
all the Territories organized within the first forty
years of the Government put together. I am in
favor, then, of returning to the system which
"worked so. well in reference to the old Territories.
Whenever the peopleoccupyinga Territory show,
by their conduct, that they are unfit for self-gov-
ernment, I have no hesitation in withdrawing from
them the privilege of self-government, and placing
in the hands of the Federal Government the con-
-trol over their law-making power. It is useless
for us to be eternally dabbling in the dirty waters
below the spring-head. Let us repeal the objec-
tionable laws they have already passed; and then
let us take it out of their power to do more mis-
chief, by withdrawing from them the control over
their law-making power. Let us purify the foun-
tain head, and then we will have no more trouble
in attempting to purify the streams that flow from
that fountain-head.
I desired to go somewhat more into the discus-
sion of this question than I have done. I had
desired to express some views of a more general
character in reference to the propriety of Congress
taking upon itself to legislate directly for the Ter-
ritories of the Union; but I have only been per-
mitted to introduce this amendment, and to make
this explanation, through the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] and under
a promise that I would consume only a few min-
utes; and in accordance with the pledge I made to
him in the outset, I now move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say one word be-
fore the gentleman takes his seat.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from TSxas
is aware that I am under a promise to call the
previous question. If the majority of the House
are in favor of having the discussion proceed fur-
ther, let them vote down the call.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope the House
will vote down the call far the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN, Mr. LAMAR, and others, rose
and claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
question before the House is on seconding the call
for the previous question, which is not debatable.
Mr. LOGAN. I appeal to the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw the call for the previous
question, to permit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. NELSON. All I wish to say to the House
is this: I wish that the House shall lake a vote
upon this question this morning, and I am will-
ing that the time shall be divided up among those
gentlemen whodesire to speak upon this question,
provided that the bill be passed upon finally dur-
ing to-day's session.
The SPEAKER. The only question before the
House is the call for the previous question.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has yielded me the floor for five minutes.
Mr. BRANCH. I will make this suggestion
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson-,]
who has shown himself to be very liberal in ac-
commodating those who wish to discuss this bill:
that, to enable the subject to be more fully consid-
ered, without interfering with the other business
of the House, he allow it to be postponed for one
week.
Mr. NELSON. If that is the wish of the House,
with the understanding that it shall be the special
order, I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to its being made
a special order. I think we had better go on and
dispose of the subject to-day.
Mr. BARR. I move to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr.LOGAN. Letmefirstoffermyamendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. All this discussion is out
of order, as I understand, and I object.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Nelson] has yielded to me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the bill
on the table is. the pending motion.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that the gentle-
man who made the. call for the previous question
is willing to withdraw it for me. I only ask the
privilege of moving an amendment to the bill,
which, when read to the House, will I think meet
with 110 objection.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the motion to lay upon the table, which
must be first disposed of,
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I object to any and to all
agreements farming out the floor. I insist upon
the pending question being taken.
Mr. BURCH. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays 148; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barr, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, Horace
F. Clark, Cooper, Hamilton, Haskin, Ilindman, Ilolman,
Houston, McQueen, McRae, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Stallvvorth, Taylor, Vullandigliam, aitd Winslow—
19.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
ricli, Allen, Alley, Tlioinas L- Anderson, William C. An
derson, Ashmore, Avery, Babbitt, Barrett, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buf-
fiuton, Burcli, Burlingame, Burnett, Butterfleld, Campbell,
Carey, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Clark
Ei. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, John
C. Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Dimmick, Duel!,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Ehot, Ely, Etheridge, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, French, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Grow, Gurley, Hall, Hardeman, J.Morrison Harris, Hatton,
HelmicK, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Howard, Hughes, Hum-
phrey, Hutehins, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Francis W. Kel-
logg.'William Kellogg, Kilgore, Killinger, Lamar. DeWitt
C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Love, Mallory,
Marston, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McKcail, McKnight,
Millson, Millward, Lallan T. Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nibiaek, Nixon, Noell, Olin, Pal-
mer, Ferry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pugh, Uuarles, Iteagan,
Itice, Christopher Robinson, James C. Kobinson, Roycc,
Schwartz, Scott, Seranton, Sedgwick, Shennan, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Underwood,
Vandever, Veiree, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elliliu IS. Washlnirne, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Woodson,
and Wright—148.
So the subject was not laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. BARR said: Mr. Speaker, I have been
appealed to by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Nelson,] and by others, to withdraw my
motion that the whole subject be laid upon the
table. I am willing to do so, if it will meet with
the consent of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the suggestion of gentle-
men 011 both sid«s of the House, I will move that
the further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until next Monday, after the morning hour,
and made the special order for that day.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. HINDMAN. I object to the withdrawal
of tiie motion to lay upon the table. I wish to
put a.qucstion to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Clark.]
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. HINDMAN. I will occupy buta moment.
A member of the Committee 011 Territories [Mr.
Clark, of Missouri] has just stated, if I under-
stood him correctly, that that committee has now
under consideration a proposition for abrogating
the present organization of Utah, and paicehng
out its territory among adjacent Territories, now
existing or to be created. That would effectually
break down the obnoxious practices now preva-
lent there, by opening the jury-box and legislative
seats to citizens free from Mormon taint. The
bill reported by the Judiciary Committee does not
accomplish this; it would be a dead letter on the
statute-book; for while it imposes penalties, it
leaves their enforcement to Mormon juries, acting
under Mormon law. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Branch]
is better; and 1 shall vote for it, unless the policy
of abrogating the territorial government and par-
celing out the territory can be substituted. To
enable the Committee on Territories to reportsuch
a plan, I shall vote to lay this bill on the table.
Mr. BOULIGNYstated thatf'his"colleague, Mr.
La-VDUum, was detained at his rooms by illness.
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Leake was
paired off with Mr. Stanton for this week.
Mr. MAYNARD said: For the last two or
three days, I have been paired with Mr. Stkat-
ton. By consent of his colleague, Mr. Nixon,
my pair is terminated, and I vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. McQ.UEEN stated that his, colleague,Mr.
Bonham, was confined tohis room by illness,and
that he was paired. f .. \ ■. ;;
Mr. POTTLE stated that, if Jie were not paired
with Mr. English, he would have voted in the
negative. , .
Mr. SICKLES stated that he was pairecT 'ttjith
Mr. Bcrnham. ' .T1 •
Mr. THAYER stated that, understanding it
was the intention to postpone the further consid-
eration of the subject, and make itaspecial order,
he would vote in the negative. $
Mr. WHITELEY stated that he was paired
for this week with Mr. McPberson, and that if
he were not paired, he would have voted ia the
affirmative.
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Vance was
paired with Mr. Covode.
Mr. COBB said: Mr. Speaker, I want healthy
legislation upon this subject. 1 cannot vote for
the bill as it originally came to the House; but I
understand that it is the intention to put the bill
where it can be amended and perfected. I am for
some law for the suppression of polygamy.
Mr. FRANK. 1 was absent when my name
was called. I ask leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FRANK. If allowed to vote, I would
have voted in the negative. I want to state that
my colleague, Mr. Maclay, is paired with, Mr
Ferry.
Mr. BARICSDALE, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. BINGHAM objected.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. GOOCH, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BRANCH. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] I
withdraw the call for the previous question, in
order that the motion may be made for the post-
ponement of the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. LOSAN. I now propose the following
amendment:
Amend by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
insetting as follows, to wit'
That the act entitled "An act to establish a territorial
government for Utah," approved September 9,1850, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed : Provided, That all suits, pro-
cess, and proceedings, civil and criminal, at law and in
equity; and all indictments and informations which &hall
be pending and undetermined in the courts of said Territo-
ry ? established by the act aforesaid, when this act shall take
eftect, shall be transferred to be heard, tried, prosecuted,
and determined, in the district courts of the Territories here-
inafter provided for, which may include the counties and
districts where any such proceedings may be pending. All
crimes and misdemeanors against the laws in force within
the said limits may be prosecuted, tried, and punished, in
the courts established by this act; and all penaJtie^forfeit-
ures, actions, and causes of action, may be recovered under
tins act In like manner as they would have been undertho
laws in force within the limits composing said Territory at
the time this act shall go into operation.
Sec.2. J3ndbeitfurther enacted. That the d istrict of coun-
tiy which is embraced within the following limits, to wit:
beginning at the northea&t corner of the '1'eriitory of New
Mexico, thence lunnmgnorth on the one hundred and third
(103d) meridian until it intersects the forty-second (42d)
•parallel of north latitude ; thence west on said parallel to
the one hundred and thirteenth (113th)- meridian of longi-
tude west of Greenwich; thence south on said meridian to
the northern boundary of the Territory of New Mexico ;
thence, following the boundary of said Territory, to the
place of beginning, he, and the s>amc is hereby, created and
organized into a temporary government, to be called the
Tcrritoiy of Jeffersonia; and the provisions of the act for
the organization of the Territory of Nebraska, approved
May 30,1854. are herebydeclared w be the oi^anic act of
haul Territory of JefFersonia, with Hie boundaries herein-
before described, as fully as if the provisions of said act
wore herein set torthand particularly rednacted j and until
the Legislature oi said Territory shall otherwise provide,
the seat of government of said Territoiy shall be at Denver
City.
Sec .3. %/lndbe it further enacted, That the residue of said
Territory of Utah, bounded as follows: beginning at a point
on the f<>rty-.<eeond (4*2*1) parallel of north latitude, where
the one hundred and thirteenth (Jl3th) meridian of longi-
tude erodes the same; thence south on the said meridian
to the thirty-seventh (37th) parallel of north latitude; thence
west on said parallel until it intersects the boundary of the
State of California; thence, following the said boundary, to
the forty-second (42d) parallel of north latitude; thence east
on said parallel to the place of beginning, be, and the same
is hereby, created and organized into a temporary govern-
ment, by the name of the Territory of Nevada; and the
provisions of the said act for the oiganization of the said
Territory of Nebraska, approved May 30,1854, are hereby
declared' to be the organic act of the said Territory of Ne-
vada, with the boundaries hereinbefore last described, as
fully as  if the provisions of said act were herein set forth
and partic ularly reSnaoted; and until the Legislature of eaid
