1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Also, communicating to the House several mes-
sages in writing.
COYODE COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States;
To the House of Representatives:
In my message to the House of Representatives
of the 28th of March last, I solemnly protested
against the creation of a committee, at the head
of which was placed my accuser, for the purpose
of investigating whether the President had, " by
money, patronage, or other improper means,
sought to influence the acnon of Congress, or any
committee thereof, foi oi against the passage of
any law appertaining to the rights of any State
or Territory." I protested against this because
it was destitute of any specification; because it
referred to no particular act, to enable the Presi-
dent to prepare for his defense; because itdeprived
him of the constitutional guards which, in com-
mon with every citizen of the United States, he
possesses for his protection, and because it as-
sailed his constitutional independence as a coor-
dinate branch of the Government.
Theic is an enlightened justice as well as a beau-
tiful symmetry in every part of the Constitution.
This is conspicuously manifested in regard to im-
peachments. TheHouse of Representatives pos-
sesses4' the sole power ofnnpeachment;"the Sen-
ate, k< the sole power to try all impeachments;"
and the impeachable offenses are " treason, bribe-
ry, or other high crimes or misdemeanors." The
practice of the House from the earliest times
liad been in accordance with its own dignity, the
rights of the accused, and the demands of justice.
At the commencement of each judicial investiga-
tion which mi«>ht lead to an impeachment, specific
charges were always preferred, the accused had
an opportunity of rross-oxammingthe witnesses,
and he was placed in full possession of the precise
nature of the offense which he had to meet. An
impartial and elevated standing committee was
charged with this investigation, upon which no
member inspired with the ancient sense of honor
and justice would have served, had he ever ex-
pressed an opinion against the accused. Until
the present occasion it was never deemed proper
to transform the accuser into the judge, ana to
confer upon him the selection of his own com-
mittee.
The charges made against me, in vague and
general terms, were of such a false and atrocious
character that 1 did not entertain a moment's ap-
prehension for the result. They were abhorrent
to every principle instilled into mefrom my youth,
and every practice of my life; and I did not be-
lieve it possible that the man existed who would
so basely pu jure himself as to rwear to the truth
of any such accusations. In this conviction I am
informed I have not been mistaken.
In my former protest, therefore, I truly and
emphatically declared that it was made for no
reason personal to myself; but because the pro-
ceedings of the House were m violation of the
rights of the coordinate executive branch of the
Government, subversive of its constitutional inde-
pendence, and, if unresisted, would establish a
precedent dangerous and embarrassing to all my
successors. Notwithstandmgall this, if the enm-
mittechad not transcended the authority conferred
upon it by the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, broad and general as this was, I should
have remained silent upon the subject What 1
now charge is, that they have acted as though they
possessed unlimited power,and, without any war-
rant whatever in the resolution under which they
were appointed, have pursued a couise not merely
at war with the constitutional rights of the Exec-
utive, but tending to degrade the presidential office
itself to such a degree as to render it unworthy of
the acceptance of any man of honor or principle.
The resolution of the House, so far as it is ac-
cusatory of the President, is confined to an inquiry
whether he had used corrupt or improper means
to influence the action of Congress, or any of its
committees, on legislative measures pending be-
fore them—nothing more, nothing less. I have
not learned through the newspapers, or in any
other mode, that the committee have touched the
other accusatory branch of the resolution, charg-
ing the President with a violation of duty in fail-
ing to execute some law or laws, This branch
of the resolution is, therefore, out of the. question.
By what authority, then, have the committee un-
dertaken to investigate the course of the President
in regard to the convention which framed the Le-
compton constitution? By what authority have
they undertaken to pry into our foreign relations
for the purpose of assailing him on account of the
instructions given by the* Secretary of State to
our minister in Mexico relative to the Tehuan-
tepec route? By what authority have they in-
quired into the causes of removal from office, and
tnis from the parties themselves removed, with a
view to prejudice his character, notwithstanding
this power of removal belongs exclusively to the
President under the Constitution, was so decided
by the first Congress in the year 1789, and has
accordingly ever sinfce been exercised? There is
in the resolution no pretext of authority for the
committee to investigate the question of the print-
ing of the Post Office blanks; nor is it to be sup-
posed that the House, if asked, would have grant-
ed such an authority, because this question had
been previously committed to two other commit-
tees, one in the Senate and the other in the House.
Notwithstanding; this absolute want of power,the
committee rushed into this investigation in ad-
vance of all other subjects.
The committee proceeded for months, from 22d
March, 1860, to examine ex parte. and without
any notice to myself, into every subject which
could possibly affect my character. Interested
and vindictive witnesses were summoned and ex-
amined before them; and the first and only inform-
ation of their testimony which, in almost every
instance, I received, was obtained from the pub-
lication of such portions ofit as could injuriously
affect myself in the New York journals. It mat-
tered not that these statements were, so far as I
have learned, disproved by the most respectable
witnesses who happened to be on the spot. The
telegraph was silent respecting these contradic-
tions. It was a secret committee in regard to the
testimony in my defense; but it was public in re-
gard to all the testimony which could, by possi-
bility, reflect on my character. The poison was
left to produce its effect upon the public mind,
whilst the antidote was carefully withheld.
In their examinations, the committee violated
the most sacred and honorable confidences ex-
ist! ng among men. Private correspondence, which
h truly honorable man would never even entertain
a distant thought of divulging, was dragged to
light. Different persons in official and confiden-
tial relations with myself, and with whom it was
supposed I might have held conversations the
revelation of which would do me injury, were
examined. Even members of the Senate and
members of my own Cabinet, both my constitu-
tional advisers, were called upon to testify, for
the purpose of discovering something, if possible,
to my discredit.
The distribution of the patronage of the Gov-
ernment is by far the most disagreeable duty of
the President. Applicants are so numerous, and
their applications are pressed with such eagerness
by their friends, both in and out of Congress, that
the selection of one for any desirable office gives
offense to many. Disappointed applicants, re-
moved officers, and those who for any cause, real
or imaginary, had become hostile to the Adminis-
tration, presented themselves, or were invited by
a summons to appear before the committee. These
are the most dangerous witnesses. Even with
the best intentions, they are so influenced by
prejudice and disappointment that they almost
inevitably discolor truth. They swear to then-
own version of private conversations with the
Piesident without the possibility of contradiction.
His lips are sealed, and he is left at their roercy
He cannot, as*a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment, appear before a committee of investigation
to contradict the oaths of such witnesses. Every
coward knows that he can employ insulting lan-
guage against the President with impunity, and
every false or prejudiced witness can attempt to
swear away his character before such a committee
without the fear of contradiction.
Thus, for months, whilst doing my best at one
end of the avenue to perform my high and re-
sponsible duties to the country, lias there been a
committee of the House of Representatives m
session at the other end of the avenue spreading
a dras>net, without the shadow of authority from
the House, over the whole Union, to catch any
disappointed man willing to malign my character;
and all this in secret conclave. The lion's moutiv
at Ycnice, into which secret denunciations were,
dropped, is an apt illustration of the Covode com"
mittee. The Star Chamber, tyrannical and odious
as it was, never proceeded in such a"manner.
For centuries there has been nothing like it i&
any civilized country, except the revolutionary
tribunal of France in the days of Robespierre,
Now, I undertake to state and to prove, that,
should the proceedings of the committee be sanc-
tioned by the House,and become a precedentfor*
future times, the balance of the Constitution wilt
be entirely upset, and there will no longer remain
the three coordinate and independent branches of-
the Government—legislative, executive, and judi-
cial. The worst fears of the patriots and states-
men who framed the Constitution, in regard to
the usurpations of the legislative on the executive
and judicial branches, will then be realized. In
the language of Mr. Madison, speaking on this
very subject, in the forty-eighth number of the
Federalist: "In a representative Republic, where
the executive magistracy is carefully limited both
in the extent and duration of its power, and where
the legislative power is exercised by an assembly
which is inspired by a supposed influence over
the people, with an intrepid confidence in its own
strength; which is sufficiently numerous to-feel
all the passions which actuate a multitude, yet not
so numerous as to be incapable of pursuing the
objects ofits passions by means which reason pre-
scribes; it is against the enterprising ambition of
this department that the people ought to indulge
all their jealousy, and exhaust all their precau-
tions." And in the expressive and pointed lan-
guage of Mr. Jefferson, when speaking of the
tendency of the legislative branch of Government
to usurp thorightsof the weaker branches: " The
concentrating these in the same hands isprecisely
the definition ofdespoticgovernment. It will be
no alleviation that these powers will bcexercised
by a plurality of hands, and not by a single one.
One hundred and seventy-three despots would
surely be as oppressive us one. Let those who
doubt it turn then eyes on the Republic of Ven-
ice. As little will it avail us that they are chosen
by ourselves. An elective despotism was not the
Government we fought for; but one which should
not only be founded on free principles, but in
which the powers of government should be so
divided and balanced among several bodies of
magistracy as that no one could transcend their
legal limits without being effectually checked and
controlled by the others."
Should the proceedings of the CoYode commit-
tee become a precedent, both the letter and spirit
of the Constitution will be violated. One of the
three massive columns on which the whole super-
structure rests will be broken down. Instead of
the executive being a coordinate, it wili become
a subordidate branch of the Government. The
presidential office will be dragged into the dust.
The House of Representatives will then have ren-
dered the Executive almost necessarily subser-
vient to its wishes instead of being independent.
How is it possible that two powers in the State
can be coordinate and independent of each other,
if the one claims and exercises the power to re-
prove and to censure all the official acts and all
the private conversations of the other—and this
upon ex parte testimony before a secret inquisi-
torial committee; m short, to assume a general
censorship over the other? The idea is as absurd
in public as it would be in private life. Should
the President attempt to assert and maintain his
own. independence, future Covodc committees
may dragoon him into submission by collecting
the hosts of disappointed ofiice-hunters, removed
officers, and those who desire to live upon the
public T'  easury, which must folio win the wake of
every Administration, and they in secret conclave
will swear away his reputation.
Under such circumstances he must be a very
bold man should he not sunender at discretion,
and consent to exorcise his authority according to
the will of those invested with this terrific power.
The sovereign people of the several States have
elected him to the highest and most honorable
office in the world. He is their only direct rep-
resentative in the Government. By their Consti*
tution they have made him commandeiMn*chief
of their Army and Navy. He represents them in
then* intercourse with foreign nations. Clothed
