1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ 2-3m
Mr. BRANCH. It is evident that the House
155 not inclined to hear a statement, and I insist
on my point of order.
UNITED STATES COURT IN ALABAMA.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a bill which I am
instructed to report from the Judiciary Commit-
tee. It proposes, with the consent of the judge
and bar, to change the time for holding the court
at one point in the State of Alabama. It is a bill
to change the time for holding1 the terms of the
district court of the United States for the north-
ern district of Alabama. If there is no objection,
I should like to report it.
Mr. EDWARDS. The House refused this
morning to entertain a most equitable bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. EDWARDS. I object to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is the least objec-
tion, I do not desire to report the bill.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his objection.. It is only a bill
to change the time of holding the court at one
point.
Mr. EDWARDS. It is out of the regular or-
der of business, and I insist on the objection.
HEIRS OF BENJAMIN MOORE.
Mr. LONGNECKER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Benjamin Moore, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIS A. GORMAN.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass, a bill (S. No. 235) for
the relief of Willis A. Gorman; which was laid
upon the table, and ordeied to be printed.
WETONSAW.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the same committee,
also reported back an act (S. No. Go3) for tho relief
of ihe legal representatives of Wetonsaw,,3on of
James Conner.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. This is a little bill ap-
propriating only §400. If there be no objection, I
ask that the bill may be put on its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the bill and report be
read.
The bill was lead. It directs that there be paid
to tho legal reprcsentativt s of Wetunsavv, son of
James Connor, the sum of $400 in full of the
amount seemrd to said WelonsMW in scheduk 13
of the treaty of January 14, 1S37, with the Sagi-
naw Chippewa Indians.
The report was rood. It appears therefrom
that m the treaty of 14th Januaiy, 1637, between
the United States and the Saginaw band of Chip-
pewa Indians, the sum of ^400 was s< cured to
Wetonsaw, and paid, by mistake, to other par-
tics. His legal n-pi esentattves claim payment of
this amount, and the committee submit the fol-
lowing letter of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
faiis, as a full and brief report of the facts:
Oiii14.u'lmi-nt or 1'ijr Ivrciuou,
Office L\di\- Ai r vir.s. J^ehriuiry 4, 1^60.
Sir* 1 have Hie honoi to ackhowintei* tiic I'-eoiptof thr*
memonal to Connies-- of I ?■><.• J eg at lepic^rniittives or We-
tons-aw, sou of Coiinc. deceased. by Jo-uali
Polk, attornej, &e., inclosed in youi communication oi'ihe
24ili ultimo, and m le.eiemv Uioicto, have to state as fol-
lows •
Under the Saginaw tieatvot January 14,1837. per f-ched-
tile B, attached theieto, (s ec Sutute-at Large, volume 7,
Sa^e tlioi•' iva> revived foi '• "VVetoiisaw, boil ol
ame* Connor, ^500."
jn the second qnaitci of 18."i6, A«ent Gilbert paid the
amount le^-ived to Weton-aw to parties K'pies-entinjZ them-
selves to he the hen- of' <aid VWtori&.uv, Jiving m Michi-
gan. Snb-e(iU'',tilly it was Jisret Limed, by investigation,
thiough Agent Fitch, that th< payment by Agent Gnbeit
was euotienir h made, and that James Connor, ji , \vh>
died in Hamilton county, Indiana, some tnim in 184^, and
on winch estate William Connor and Huam G. Fitch, of
the county of Hamilton, in the State of Indiana, are the
adiniiiKtiatOi^, wa> th" poison nientionod \Vetons>avv,
son ot James Connor, in schedule B attached to the treaty
of January 14. ifc^T.
in view, then, oi tiift above state «f facts, this office would
re-pectinllv recommend that the piajcr made in the me-
irional le.'f ned to -houid be <rrant< d.
The memonal relened to in t;:e l'oiegoing is herewith ic-
tunxd i
Verv ro-neetfuliv, your obedient ^nvant, I
A. II. GRLKNWOOD, i
Hon. YV. Iv. Sebastian. Commissioner. j
There being no objection, the bill was ordered 1
to a third reading, and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
KANSAS IIALf-BREED LANDS.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I am instructed t© report
back House bill (No. 637) to settle the titles to
certain lands set apart for the use of certain half-
breed Kansas Indians in Kansas Territory, with
sundry amendments of the Senate thereto.
The amendments of the Senate are wholly im-
material, and may be considered as hypercritical;
but, as they have been made, I hope the House
will ageec to them, and so dispose of the bill.
Theamendmentsof the Senate were read. They
strikeout the words in brackets, and insert the
words printed in Italics, as follows:
Whereas, by the sixth aitiele of a treaty, made and con-
cluded at the city of St. Louis, in^he State of Missouri, on
the 3d day of June, 1825, between the United States of
America and the Kansas nation of Indians, there was re-
served from the lands ceded by caid treaty to t&e United
States by said Kansas nation ot Indians, one mile square
of land for each of the half-breeds ot the Kansas nation
named m the said sixth article, which land has been s-ui-
veyed and allotted to each of the said half-breeds in the
ouiei in which they arc named in, and in aecoidance with
the provisions of, the said bixth article or said treaty:
There foie,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hvuse of Representatives
of the United States of Amenta in Congress assembled,
[That in a title fee-rumple] That all the title\ interest, and es-
tate oj the United States is hereby vested in said les-ervees,
who are now living, to the land reseived, set apart, and al
lotted to them lespccuvely by the said sixth article of said
treaty; and in ease any of the f-aid reseivees named m
the said sixth article arc deceased and leaving heirs, then
[a litle in lee-simple] all the title, interest, or estate of the
United State? to the Iand> allotted to such deceased re-
scrveos, i-> hoicby vested and confnmud m such persons as
shall by the Sccretaiy of the Inteuor be decided to be the
fteir-> of Mich deceased reservee* ; [and all contracts or in-
struments in ivntmg, oi other wise, ol any kind, tor the sale
oi disposition of any ot the lands named m tins act, here-
tofore m.ule by any ol the said ic-sci vecs or then heirs-, are
heieby deelaiod null and void,] tnit nothing herein <ob-
tained shall he construed to give any force, efficacy, or bind-
ing cjfect to any contract, in in itui<*or otherwise, for the sale
or disposrfionof any lands named in this act, hereto]ore made
hy any of said i esn rces or then heus.
See. shul heit further enaited, That in case anj' of the
rescrvees now hvin:r. or the hens ot any deceased roser-
vee-?, should not de*ue to icMdf upon oi occupy the lands
to which such loervces oi sueh hen*.ire ont.ilcd b\ the
pio\ imous ol tins act, the Secietmy of the Iotei tor, when
iec|ue Ted bj' them, or eithci ot them, so to do, is hereby
authorial d to --eJl such lands belon-jingto tho-^e so request-
ing hint, for the ben"lif ot sueh leseivee- oi sueh heir-'.
And the iM-eieiaiv o! tne Lntcnoi i^aUo authonzcd to *.eil
uith the assent oj the ICun$u)> of Indians, the land->
allotted to the i esci \ees who me deceased leavimjno hen-,
for the benefit of the living ic^ervees, their lien>, and the
hen?, of those deeea-ed, equally; r«ai<l lands to he sold in
aeeoulanci' with cuch inki-.a!idieyulan< u;> as may be pre-
'-ci ihed hy the Coinmi-sionei ol Indian Atfaus and appi.^vcd
by (lie Seoretaiy of tho Jnterioi; ami patent-: m the u-.ual
loun t^hall be i--.ue<] to the puiefia^ers of said lands, in ac-
coidance with tne piuve ions oi tins aet
3 Jlnd he it, fihtker emitlcd, That the proceeds of
the land, tin*-ale ot which l piovided loi by this act, snail
be paid tn the p.ime< entitled thereto: oi applied t>} the
Seeret.uy ol tin Inteuoi tbi their benefit, m sueh manner
a=, he ma\ think mo,t advantageous to theu niteiebt.
ADVERSE R15P0HTS.
Mr. IIOLMAjN", from the Committee on Rev-
olutionaiy Claim.s, made, adveise rcpoits in the
following cases: which were severally laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed:
Memorial of the heirs of Mrs. Elizabeth Mar-
tin for a pension;
Pt'tjtinn of the heirs of James Elliott, for boun-
ty land, on account of services during the revo-
lutionary war-, and
Memorial of heirs of John Fonda, praying an
appropriation of half pay, with the interest there-
on.
WILLIAM B. SIIUBRICK.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back an act (S. No. 295) for the
relief of William B. Shubnck, with the recom-
mendation that tiie bill do not pass; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ANX ELIZA KNIGIIT.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the same
committee, made an adverse report on the me-
morial of Ann Eliza Knight, widow of Commo-
dore James B. Knight; which was laid on the
table, and oideied to be printed.
P. G. FAIUIAOUT.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the game
committee, also reported a Dill for the relief of D
G. Furragut; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanyingreport, ordered to be
printed.
MILLS JUDSON,
Mr. HARBIS, of Maryland, from the same
committee, also reported back Senate bill No.
186, for the relief of Mills Judson, surety on of-
ficial bond of the late Purser Andrew D. Crosby;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ELIZABETH YANCEY.
Mr. JUNKIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of the heirs of Elizabeth Yancey; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM HANEY.
Mr. JUNKIN, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of "William Haney,
administrator of Ann Hogan; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying^
report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM HUTCHINSON.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, made an adverse report on
the petition of William Hutchinson; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ELIZABETH COLjB.
Mr. VERR.EE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Cole, widow of Levi Cole, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CATHARINE ANSART.
Mr. VEI'REE, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Catharine Ansart;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying; report, ordered to be printed.
MOLLY W. I1013BS.
Mr. VERREE,from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Molly W. Hobbs,
widow ot Josiah Hobbs, of New Hampshire;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
MARY IIASKINS, DECEASED.
Mr. VERREE, from the same committee, also
reported a bill tor the relief of the surviving child
or children of Mary Haskins, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, leferred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
SIMON SMITH, DECEASED.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee oil Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting the payment of
arrearages of pension due Simon iSmith, deceased,
late a pensioner, to his lieiis-at-law; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
HTUEtiUED STAFFORD.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a lull granting a pension to Ethelred
iSuuTord, of Louisiana; Which was read a first
and sreond time, leferred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompany report,
ordered to be printed.
MAURY BATES.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Maury Rates, of Xlhode Island; which was
read a first anil second time, rifeired to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be primed.
NANCY CI. VAN IlENSSELALH.
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, also
reported a 1ml for the relief of Nancy Gr. Van
Rensselaer, widow of Lieutenant llemy f£. Van
| Rensselaer of New York; whe.h was read a first
end second time, referred to a Committee ot the
Whole House, and, with the accompany report,
ordered to be printed.
