2356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
GERSHAM VAN VOST.
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report in the case of Gersham
Van Vost; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
CHRISTOPHER TAYLOR.
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report in the case of the heirs of
Christopher Taylor; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
EUFCS PHELPS.
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the petition of Rufus
Phelps for a pension; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
B. B. SHELLEY.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to pay to B. B. Shelley,
for his claim and improvements taken from him
by the Omaha reservation, in Nebraska Territory;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM ROBERTS.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting an invalid
pension to William Roberts; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
SARAH IIILDRETH.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of Sarah Hildreth;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CHRISTOPHER TAYLOR—AGAIN.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent that the
adverse report from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, in the case of Christopher Tay-
lor, made by the honorable gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Potter,] be taken from the table,
and recommitted to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions. I make the request because I
expect to receive some additional testimony which
may induce the committee to report favorably in
the case.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
NEW JAIL FOR WASHINGTON CITY.
. Mr. PEYTON, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill to erect a
new jail in the city of" Washington; which was
read a first and second time, referred to tlio Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HATTON. I ask leave to make a report
from the Committee on Expenditures in the Navy
Department.
Mr. CURRY. If it be not a report in a pri-
vate case, I object.
Mr. -HATTON. It is not a private bill.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
WILKES'S EXI'LORINQ EXPEDITION.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask leave of the House to
submit a report from the Joint Committee on the
Library. I report back Senate resolution No.34.
It merely provides that two copies of the works
of the exploring expedition, so far as they can be
supplied from the copies ordered to be deposited
in the Library of Congress for preservation, by
the resolution of February 20, 1845, and of the
residue of said works, as they shall be completed,
be delivered to the Secretary of State, one copy
of which to be presented by him to the Federal
Republic of Switzerland, and the other to the
Naval Academy at Annapolis, in the State of
Maryland.
The bill was read.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I raise the
poult of order, that that is not a private bill.
Mr. PETTIT. Upon that point of order 1
desn-e to say a word. During last Congress the
question came up, as to what was a private bill.
It was at that tijne decided, that if a bill did not
make a general rule, if was, in its nature, either
special or private. I hope there will be po objec-
tion, as the object js a desirable one,
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. I insist
upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. PETTIT. The bill makes no appropria-
tion; it only asks that a copy of the exploring
expedition be presented to the only Republic of
Europe.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. PETTIT. Now, I insist that it is a pri-
vate bill; that it is not a general bill. It is cither
a special or private bill, and therefore it is in
order to report it at this time."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I suggest to the gentleman
that he withdraw his bill. He will have an op-
portunity to report it \fhen his committee is called.
Mr. PETTIT. I am glad to hear the encour-
aging language of the gentleman from Kentucky,
that the Committee on the Library will be called.
We are now towards the end of the session, and
I do not see that that event is any nearer being
reached than it was at the beginning.
I am instructed by the Committee on the Li-
brary to report back another joint resolution.
The resolution was read by its title, as follows:
A resolution (S. No. 5) for supplying the Choc-
taw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations with such
copies of the laws, journals, and printed docu-
ments, as are furnished to the States and Terri-
tories .
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I make the same
point of order upon that resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to make a priv-
ileged report from the committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill of the House No. 4, making appro-
priation for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of Juno, 1861. The committee having met, after
full and free conference, agree to recommend to
their respective Houses that the Senate recede from
their third, fourth, fifth, and eighth amendments,
and that the House recede from their disagree-
ment of the first, second, and twelfth amendments
of the Senate. I would explain to the House that
the first and second amendments are the amend-
ments which provide for an interpreter to China.
The twelfth amendment simply changes the title
of the bill. Tiie following are the amendments
from which the Senate recede:
Third amendment:
Line live, after the word " Japan," insert the words
"from the 1st day of January, I860, to the 1st day of July, m
the same year, 1.250; and tor the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1HG1so that the clause will read:
For compensation to the interpieter to the mission to
Japan, from Hie 1st day of January, 1860, to the 1st day of
July, In the same year. ,^-1,250 ; and for the liaeal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 18G1, §2,500.
Fourth and fifth amendments:
Pa^e 2, line eighteen, after the word " hundred," insert
"and twenty-fiveand at the end thereof insert the
wolds " §7."),000 of winch is to he used in the fiscal year
ending tlie iiuth day ot June, I860;" so that the clause will
icad.
For the relief and pioteetion of American seamen in for-
eign counties, n:-!-]:").0U0 ; $75,000 of which is to be lued in
the fiscal year ending the JOth of June, IStiO.
Eighth amendment:
At the end of line twenty-seven, page 4, insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That when the boundary is; determined be-
tween the Pacific ocean and the Rocky Mountains, any un-
expended balance of this appropriation *ha!l be applicable
to thu determination of that portion of the boundaty which
lies <>a->t ot' the ltoeky Mountain*, and which lias not as yet
been traced on tiie face of the earth, and that the United
States commissioner be, and lie is hereby, authorized, in
counectioiMvith the commissioner of Gieat Britain, to de-
termine and trace said boundary line eastward of the Rocky
Mountains, as far as the Lake of the Woods.
I move that the report of the committee of con-
ference be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIAS WILSON.
Mr. BABBITT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Elias Wilson and other surviving children of
the late Lieutenant John Wilson, an officer of the
Revolution; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whoie House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ELIZABETH HICKMAN.
Mr. BABBITT, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for therelief of the heirs of Elizabeth
Hickman, deceased, late of Georgia; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
AARON H. PALMER.
ThTlSPEAKER. -pro tempore. The next busi-
ness in order is the call of committees for general
business.
Mr.TAPPAN. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar. But before that motion is
put, I ask the House to allow me to make an ap-
peal in behalf of a Senate bill (No. Ill) for the
relief of Aaron H. Palmer. The bill is upon the
Private Calendar; and, with a view of putting it
on its passage, I desire to move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House be discharged from
the further consideration of the same. As a part
of the statement I desire to make to the House,!
ask the Clerk to read the bill and a brief report
made by the committee upon the bill.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
paid to Aaron H. Palmer the sum of §3,000, in
full compensation for his labor and research m
collecting information, and preparing the same
for the use of the Government, relative to the
oriental nations, and particularly Japan.
Fiom the report it appears that Aaron PI.
Palmer has devoted many years to the collection
of valuable information and statistics in relation
to the geography, productive resources, trade,
commerce, &c., of the independent oriental na-
tions. He inclosed, in a letter from New York
to President Polk, a memoir, stating the import-
ance of opening commercial intercourse with
those nations. In the following February, by in-
vitation of the Secretary of the Treasury, he vis-
ited Washington for the purpose of promoting
the action of our Government in furtherance of
the views and suggestions contained in the docu-
ment sent to the President. In consequence of
action of the Senate on the papers furnished by
him, he was detained in Washington, laboring
for the Government in the superintendence of the
printing of the papers, until September of that
year.
In 1849 he completed a series of papers contain-
inggeographicaldescriptions of many orientalna-
tions, enumerated in his memorial, among them
the empire of Japan. He forwarded to Mr. Clay-
ton, then Secretary of State, a brief resume of the
papers, which Mr. Clayton deemed of sufficient
importance to cause them to be published. He
afterwards submitted to Mr. Clayton a plan for
opening Japan, which was ultimately adopted,
and formed the basis of the policy of our Gov-
ernment in the late maritime expedition under
command of Commodore Perry. He had several
interviews with that officer before he sailed, and
furnished him with all the information possible;
and the last one was by special written request of
the Secretary of the Navy. On the 21st of Feb-
ruary, 1850, lie was employed by Mr. Clayton
to assist him in preparing his answer to certain
resolutions adopted by the Senate calling on the
Secretary of State for information respecting the
barbarous treatment of shipwrecked American
seamen in Japan; also, in regard to the independ-
ent oriental nations, and their capabilities for a
profitable American commerce, &c.; and he wfjs
diligently employed for about tlnce months m
that business.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object
to the consideration of that bill.
M. 0. GRITZNER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hold in
my hand Senate bill No. 238, which is to pay a
man by the name of Gritzner, out of the patent
fund, §379 77. This man Gritzner, who is an
artisan, has a contract with the Patent Office in
relation to descriptions and illustrations for that
office, I desire to put this little bill, for the relief
of this artisan, upon its passage. I ask that the
bill may be read.
Mr. BRANCH. It is not worth while reading
the bill, as I am going to make a general objec-
tion. The first business in order is the consid-
