<14*2
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Territory shall otherwise provide, the seat of government
of the same shall-be at Genoa.
Mr,LOGAN. I merely wanttogettbatamond-
"ment in. I do not ivish to be understood as oppos-
' ing the motion to postpone.
Mr. MILLSON. If there is any disposition
'to postpone the consideration of this bill until
Monday, I will yield for that purpose.'
Mr. NELSON. If the gentleman will yield the
floor to me, X will state what 1 wish to do.
Mr. MILLSON. I trust that the bill will not
be passed tinder the operation of the previous
Question, for I think that discussion can only be
eaired here for the purpose of improving the pro-
visions of the bill, adjusting its details, &c. I can
liardjy persuade myself that there will be any
gentleman, and if any, but very few, who will ob-
ject to the gTeat objects contemplated by the bill.
I confess vMr. Speaker, that I listened with some
pain to the remarks of my friend from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Branch,] ana to the suggestions made
by the gentleman from Louisiana,-[Mr. Taylor,]
and I have sought the fldor for the purpose of re-
plying to them and to tho positions they have
assumed.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to know from
my friend from Virginia to what remarks of min6
he alludes?
Mr. MILLSON. I always listen to the gen-
tleman with pleasure, and state with diffidence
any opinions I may entertain which arc not sanc-
tioned by his judgment and conviction.
Mr. BRANCH. I think that my friend must
haye misunderstood what I said.
Mr. MILLSON. Perhaps so.
Mr. BRANCH. I think that no one could con-
demn more strongly than I have in my remarks,
the practice of polygamy, and the laws of any
State or Territory which went to sanction it and
to sustain it. I discussed tho question solely as
one of political power, and I presented a mode of
abolishing polygamy, which t conceive will be
more efficient and successful than the measure of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. REAGAN. Lot me say a word.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to alfmterruption.
Mr. REAGAN. I listened with respect to tho
gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. I have the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I object to the gentle-
man yielding it.
Mr. REAGAN. I only want to say a word.
I hope that I may be allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman from Virginia must proceed with his
remarks without interruption, or yield tho iloor
unconditionally.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not want to enter into
any discussion.
Mr. BINGHAM. All this thing, if there is to be
a postponement, interferes with the business of the
morning hour and prevents committees getting in
their icports,
Mr. REAGAN. I move, then, that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
next Monday, after the morning hour.
Mr. GROW. I hone that that will not be done.
Mr. MORRILL. This subject has been before
the House for four years, and it ought to be acted
on and disposed of.
Mr. MILLSON. I yield the floor only for the
purpose of moving a postponement.
Mi. NELSON. My reason for desiring that
the bill shall be postponed until Monday next,
and made the special order for that day at one
o'clock, is that'there are members of Lhe Commit-
tee on the Judiciary who desire to make reports '
before the expiration of the morning hour. There |
are, too, gentlemen who desire to discuss this bill, j
and I think that a reasonableamountof discussion i
will awaken the House, in all probability, to some-
thing like unanimity in regard to it.
Mr. GROW. The morning hour is out; so
that committees can make no further reports to-
day. That reason of the gentleman, thcrofoiu, id
not n good one.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the morning hour is out,
then let us go on with the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the further post-
ponement of this bill. It'has already been post-
poned once. Let it be voted on now.
Mr. LAMAR. Is this question of postpone-
ment debatable?
The SPEAKER. Only so far as the merits of
the motion to postpone arc concerned.
Mr. MILLSON. If the -motion is to be de-
bated, then I claim the floor,which I yielded only
for a postponement of the question, if that could
be accomplished by general agreement.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Has the morning
hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. _ Then, let the
House proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will submit a motion
which is in order, now that the morning hour
has expired. If the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union this bill will go to the Speaker's table,*
where it can be reached at any time by a major-
ity, after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The bill will come up the
first thing in the morning, as an unfinished report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the Army appropriation bill.
THE WATROUS IMPEACHMENT CASE.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before the question be put, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to offer a
resolution, which I suppose will not be objected to.
There being no objection, the following resolu-
tion was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on the Judiciary, in their
examination of the matter,* referred to them on the memo-
rial* of Jaeob Mussina, Kliphaa Spencer, and William Alex-
ander, asking the impeachment of Jlon. John C. Watrou*,
United Stateidi.«trict judge for tho district of Texas, be au-
thoiized to semi for person* and papers, arid to examine
witnesses on oath or atfirmation.
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. SHERMAN. There am several Senate
bills on the Speaker's table for reference. I hope
that before we go in to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union they will be taken up
and referred.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that one of the first
bills on the Speaker's tabic is a House bill, with
Senate amendments, the consideration of which
will take but a few moments. The Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads have already con-
sidered the amendments, and it will not take any
time to dispose of them.
There being no objection, the House proceeded
to consider and dispose of, in their regular order,
the bills on the Speaker's table, as follows:
WASHINGTON MARKET-HOUSE STOCK.
A n art (S. Np. 192) authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loan and issue
stock for $2*00,000, for building a marlcet-housc;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District'of Co-
lumbia.
I'CBIJSnEES' LABELS AND DROP LETTERS.
An act (H. R. No. 241) authorizing publishers
to print on their papers the date when subscrip-
tions expire, and in relation to the postage on
drop letters; with amendments of the Senate.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that, in order to
save time, the Committee on the Post Office, and
Post Roads have already considered these amend-
ments in committee. There is but one of the
amendments that is of any importance. I think
that after they are explained there will be general
concurrence in them.
First amendment of the Senate:
In hue thnteen, after the word " name," strike out the
words " the ledger account showing."
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the amendment
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
In line fifteen, alter the word "expires,'' strike oat the
words 4£ the wrapper number."
Mr. COLFA3L I move that the amendment
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add the following as a new section :
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all lawsdeelaiing
tliat postage at the inte ot one eetit each shall be charged ,
on all $rop Jetton or lottejs placed in any post office not ior i
transportation, but for delivery only, be and the same are j
hereby repealed, so far as applies to (hop letters delivered
within the limit* of any city or town by earners, under the i
authority of the Post Office Department, on which letters
the rate of postage imposed for the support of the carrier
system, in such city or town, s>hall be collected, and no
more.
]J lr. COLFAX. I will state that the phrase-
ology of this last section is somewhat involved;
and the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads have unanimously agreed to recommend
the adoption of an amendment which will more
clearly attain the object desired by the Post Office
Department. The Senate amendment was pre-
pared hastily, and reported in the Senate by the
Post Office Committee. The object of it was stated
by Mr. Yulee, the chairman of that committee,
in the debate, of which I have the report in Jfiy
hand; and to carry out that object more certainly,
I move the following amendment to the amend-
ment:
Strike out the Senate amendment, and Insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, That on all drop letters
delivered within the limits of any city or town by earners,
under the authority of the Post Office Department, one cent
each shall be charged for the receipt and deliveiy of said
letters, and no more.
I will explain this in a moment. By the exist-
ing law, the Post Office Department is required
to charge one cent for the drop letter, and one
cent for its delivery by the carrier. The effect
of this is to throw all the drop letters in large
cities outside of the Post Office Department, and
into the hands of private express companies,
who deliver more frequently, and generally more
chcaply. The change proposed to bo made—
making the entire charge for the Post Office De-
partment and the carrier one cent—will bring city
correspondence into the post offices m the cities.
The liters will be delivered by the city carriers;
and the system, by the greatly increased number
of letters, will be more profitable to them also.
The Postmaster General hopes that, if the plan
be carried out, he may in time be enabled in New
York, Philadelphia, and other large cities, to re-
duce the charge for carriers to one cent for all
letters, mail as well as otherwise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana, the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, whither the with-
drawal of the penny which he proposes to take
off is to be taken from the carriers or from the
United States? Does he propose to pay the car-
rier one crnt for carrying a letter, ana relieve the
United States Tieasury fiom the burden of th?
other cent5 or does he intend to divide it, giving
half a cent to tho carrier and half a cent to the
United States ? If the penny is to be given to the
carrier for delivery, I have no objection to the
amendment. I think that the penny is a quite
small enough compensation; and I do not think
that the carrier ought to be asked to divide it with
the United States.
Mr. COLFAX. In answer to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I will say this: the Post
Office Depaitment makes the .arrangement now
with the carrier, as follows: they allow two cents
for tho delivery of letters carried by mail, one cent
for delivering drop letters, and half a cent for de-
livering newspapers. The consequence is, that,
as the toted charge on drop letters is two cents in
the large cities, there are comparatively but few
drop-letters for delivery by the carriers. Under
this bill, the Post Office Department can make
such arrangements as will be satisfactoiy to the
carriers, and as will, no doubt, increase theii re-
ceipts. The Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads have letters before them from private
companies, offering to carry and deliver the entire
letters—mail as well as drop—every two hours, at
one cent each. Jn the Senate, Mr. Yulee, in re-
sponse to a question by Mr. Mason on this very
proposition,stated what the effect would be: that
it would not be to decrease the revenue of the
Post Office^ Department, and that it would be a
great benefit to the public.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether the whole amount
now received from drop letters is not now paid
out to the carriers ? In other words, whether the.
receipts do not show that $97,000 per annum is
received for drop letters, and the same sum ex:
ponded to pay the carriers?
Mr. COLFAX, The receipts from drop letters
delivered by the carriers are now very small; be-
cause, under the present law, these letters are
mostly delivered by city express companies.
