1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2857
eration of bills on the Private Calendar; and I
must object to taking up any bill out of its order.
Let us go into committee, and take up the bills
according to their order on the Calendar.
Mt. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am willing
to submit to the general rule; but this is a very
hard case.
LEVI PARKS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill grant-
ing an invalid pension to Levi Parks; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr.HrcKEY, its Chief Clerk,informing the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference oil the bill of the House
(INo. 4) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1861.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate that he had, on the 24th
instant, approved and signed a resolution (S. No.
6) authorizing the enlargement of, and the con-
struction of a branch of, the Louisville and Port-
land canal; and on the 23d instant, bills of the
following titles:
An act (S. No. 58) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acing purser of the sloop-of-war Ports-
mouth; and
An act (S. No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Iiiram McCullough,
and Charles Pcndergrast;
An act (S. No. 62) to amend the act to incor-
porate the Provident Association of Clerks in the
Civil Departments of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent; and
An act (S. No. 245) for the relief of Sweeny,
Rittenhouse, Fant & Co.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, an act (II. R. No. 706) to authorize
the President of the United States, in conjunction
with the State of California, to run and mark the
boundary lines between the territory of the Uni-
ted States and the State of California.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act(No.4G4) to amend an act entitled "An
act in addition to the acts prohibiting the slave
trade;" and
An act (No. 4C8) to amend an act entitled "An
act to organize an institution for the insane of the
Army and Navy, and of the District ot Colum-
bia," in the said District.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
New Hampshire permit me to offer a resolution,
for reference to the Committee on Printing, for
the printing of the agricultural and mechanical
reports of the Patent Office?
Mr. TAPPAN. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
The question was taken onMr. Tappan's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Burnett
in the chair,) and proceeded toth'econsideiation of
the business on the Private Calendar, beginning
where the committee had left off on last objec-
tion day. This being objection day, bills to
which no objections were made were laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
CHILDREN OF DAVID RICHARDSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 444) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of David Richardson, and his
widow, Sarah Richardson, deceased. [Objected
to by Mr. Anderson, of Missouri.]
CHILDREN OF JOHN MOORE.
A bill (H.R.No. 445) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of the late John Moore, and his
widow, Mary Moore.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. BRANCH. That is a naked case of over-
ruling the decision of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents on the facts. I object.
ERASTUS HOTCHINS.
A bill (H. R. No. 44G) for the relief of Erastus
Hutching.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is really out of
the question to grant a pension in such a case as
that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, if we are not allowed
to debate, gentlemen must not be allowed to come
to us and urge us to withdraw our objections.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia object to the bill ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do.
HARRIET R. F. VINSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of Harriet
R. F. Vinson.
The bill directs th e Treasury Department to pay
to Harriet R. F. Vinson the sum of $300, the same
being arrears due on a pension granted August 20,
1847.
The report was read. 11 appears from the pe-
tition of Harriet R. F. Vinson, that she was the
widow of Captain E. A. Capron, of the first regi-
ment of artillery, who fell on the battle field of
Churubusco, in Mexico, at the head of his com-
pany, on the 20th of August, 1847, leaving six
minor children to the care of the petitioner; and
that, upon application at the proper Department,
her name was placcd on the pension roll at the
rate of twenty dollars per month for five years;
which amount was received through the office of
the Third Auditor of the Treasury Department.
It further appears that, in the continuance of the
pension, among others, under the act of February
3, 1853, the Secretary of the Interior decided that
such widows and nunor children were duly enti-
tled to half the monthly pay of the husband and
father at the time of his death; and inasmuch as
the monthly pay of Captain Capron was fifty dol-
lars per month, the committee arc of opinion that
the petitioner is entitled to an extra allowance of
five dollars per month from the 20tli of August,
]847, until the 20th of August, 1852.
Mr. CURRY. I move to amend the bill so as
to provide that the money shall be paid to the
children of Captain Capron. It appears that his
widow has married again.
Mr. FENTON. There is no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was then laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do puss.
ESTHER P. FOX.
A bill (H. R.No. 448) granting an invalid pen- |
sion to Esther P. Fox, widow of Augustus C.
Fox.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Esther P. Fox on the invalid
pension roll of the United States, at the rate of
$160 per year, to commoice on the l*t of Janu-
ary, 1860, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
It appears from the report, that Augustus C.
Fox was placed on the pension rolls for disability
and insanity, produced by a wound received in
an engagement with the enemy in the service of
the. United States, ill tin- line of his duty, in the
war of 1812; that he. was admitted to the Bloom-
ingdale lunatic asylum, in New York, where he
remained till his death; that tin: expense attend-
in" his stay at the. asylum more than exhausted
his pension, which was §160 per year. The peti-
tioner labored incessantly to support a family of
six children till they could help themselves, re-
quiring every exertion on her part to gain a sub-
sistence. She is now over sixty years of age. She
is unable to labor, and an object of chanty.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
EUNIC1! COBB.
A bill (H. R. No. 449) for the relief of Eunice
Cobb.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Eunice Cobb, of New York,
widow of Surranus Cobb, deceased, on the pen-
sion roll, and that she be entitled to receive from
the United States a pension of four dollars per
month, commencing on the 15th of October, 185'L
for and during her natural life.
From the petition and evidence in this case, it
appears that Surranus Cobb, late of Essex county,
New York, was a private in Captain Danforth's
company, thirtieth regiment United States infan-
try, in the war of 1812; that he enlisted for one
year on the 20th of April, 1813, and served until
the 23d of May, 1814, when he was honorably
discharged. It also appears that in March, 1814,
while on a march from Windmill Point, on Lake
Champlain,to the town of Champlain, he fell on
the ice, which was covered with water, and in
consequence waj injured in the scrotum, which
terminated in hydrocele; and by exposure to cold,
and fatigue of the march on the ice and at Wind-
mill Point, and getting wet, one of his eyes be-
came affected "with ophthalmia, resulting in opa-
city in the crystalline lens." He was placed on
the roll of invalid pensioners of the United States
at four dollars per month, to commence on the
1st of January, 1846, and received a pension at
that rate to the time of his death. From the evi-
dence adduced it satisfactorily appears that ever
since he left the Army he has suffered from deaf-
ness, rheumatism, pains in his limbs, and a rup-
ture of his groin; and that such disability, partic-
ularly the rupture, or hydrocele, was the cause of
his death, which took ptaceat Lewis, New York,
on the 15th of October, 1857. It also appears that
he was totally disabled for many years previous
to that time. He left a widow surviving him,
now seventy-six years of age.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
THOMAS BERRY.
A bill (H. R. No. 450) for the relief of Thomas
Berry.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause the name of Thomas Berry, of Carthage,
■ Franklin county, Maine, to be placed upon the
I roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of four dol-
j lars per month, to commence on the 1st of Jan-
I uaiy, 1858. to continue during his natural life,
i From the proof in the case, it appears that the
i petitioner enlisted in December, 1812, into the
] military service of the United States, under Cap-
| tain Robert Snell; that he served until the last of
March, 1813, when he marched to Burlington,
Vermont, and joined the volunteer regiment of
infantry commanded by Colonel Denny McCobb,
and was there transferred to Captain Joshua Dan-
forth's company. Dr. James Bates, in his depo-
sition put in the case, says: " In the campaign of
1813 I was acting surgeon's mate in the regiment
of volunteer infantry commanded by Colonel
Denny McCobb; that I was then well acquainted
with Thomas Berry, a private in Captain Joshua
Danforth's company; that at Burlington, Ver-
; mont, be was attacked with the measles in the
month of May of that year; that, owing to cx-
! posure, the disease so affected his lungs that he
I remained sick six weeks; that by this sickness his
constitution received great injury."
Mr. HOUSTON moved to'amend the bill so as
to provide that the pension shall commence on
| the 1st of January, 1860.
! The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
\ amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass,
j WILLIAM BURKS.
! A bill (H.R. No. 451) granting an invalid pen-
| sion to William Burns, of Ohio. [Objected to by
Mr. Smith, of Virginia.]
i ASA WELLS.
| A bill (H. R. No. 452) for the relief of Asa
: Wells.
i The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
: place the name of Asa Wells on the invalid pen-
1 sion roll, at the rate of four dollars per month,
and pay him a pension at that rate from the 2d
of April, 1858, and continue during his natural
life.
The report, which was read, shows that Asa
Wells was a volunteer in the late war with Great
Britain; that apart of his service was performed
in the transportation of troops to and from differ-
ent points on Lake Champlain, preparatory to the
battle of Plattsburg; on account of adverse winds,
and for the purpose of facilitating the transpor-
tation , he was compelled to use an oar in propelli ng
