1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
HOTTSfi LIBRARY.
The SPEAKER" laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, transmitting a letter from the Libra-
rian of the House; winch was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to" be printed.
FINANCE REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instrifeted by the Committee on Printing to
report the following resolution:
Res&lvtd, That sixteen thousand copies of the annual
report of the Secretary of tho Treasury on the state of the
finanecs, In addition to the usual number, be printed for the
use of the House.
I will say, that that is the usual number of extra
copics. I call the previous question on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
TARIFF BILL, ETC.
Mr. GURLEY. I report also, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the House,
three thousand extra copies of a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of outstanding Ticasury n tes, to authefrize a loan,
to icguiate and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
The resolution was adopted.
STEVENS'S EXPLORATION.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following resolu-
tion;
Revolved, That there be printed for tho use of this Hoiwe
ten thousand extra copies, irr addition to the usual number,
of Governor Stevens'rf final report of the exploration and
purvey of the northern loute fot a Pacific unhand.
That, Mr. Speaker, is the last volume of the
Pacific. Railroad Reports. As we have printed tin-
previous reports, tho committee deemed it proper
to report in lhvor of printing this volume, which
concludes the series.
Mr. RARKSDALE. IXow many copies are
proposed to be ordered ?
Mr. GURLEY. The same number as hawbecn
printed of the previous volumes.
The resolution was adopted.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. GURLEY. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report tho following
resolution:
Jlciolverfy That there he printed for the ux<  of the Hoiim-
live thousand extra copilot the Kepuit on Commercial
Relations.
Mr. Speaker, the extra copies provided for
havt; been called for from all parts of tho country.
Thin is the usual number of extra copies.
Mr. IJURNETT. Is this the usual number of
exiM copies heretofore ordered of the preceding
volume ?
Mr. GURLEY. I believe that it is.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is less; ten thousand is
the number which has heretofore been ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BURNETT. Has the Committee on Print-
ing made an estimate of the cost of the publica-
tion of this book, which, in my opinion, us not
really worth th>  puprr upon which it is printed?
Mr. GURLEY. We have.
Mr. BURNETT. What is tho cost >
Mr. GUllLKY. One dollar and nxty-fivecftnts
a copy. ^ Afrrclmnls oi'all tlir large cities ask for
tho publication of these commercial statistics.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it not asked here that we
shall ordei the printing of a document sent to us
years ago'
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. No sir. This
i"j the annual report from tin: State Department
upon the commercial relations of the United States.
Mr. OI.IN. It is the most important book
printed under order of Congress.
Mr. HASK1N. Those who lepresent lanje
commercial communities tell us that it is greatly
desired by them, as it informs them of matters
which d"cplv concern their interests.
Mr. PHELPS. When was this reportsentto
the House from the State Depai tment?
Mr. GURLEY. I cannot state; when. j
Mr. PHELPS. How thou has the Committee
on Printing obtained jurisdiction of the proposi-
tion for the piinting of these extra copies?
Mr. GURLEY Upon a resolution of the
House referred to us.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will explain. I offered in
the House the resolution upon which the subject
of printing these £Xtra copies was referred to the
Committee on Printing. This statistical commer-
cial information is required by the mercantile in-
terests of the country. It is a matter of surprise
to me that there should be objection to the adop-
tion of the resolution from any quarter. This
book contains the most valuable kind of informa-
tion, commcrcial statistics interesting to the whole
country. It is more important, m my judgment,
than any other report made to us from (lie several
Departments of the Government.
Mr. PHELPS. Iam willing to make the order
to print. I desire to know when this report was
made. I am not aware that it was made at this
session of Congress, I differ with my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] in relation to this re-
port. 1 am willing to print tho statistical inform-
ation obtained by the Secretary of State from the
returns of our consuls abroad. I think it a val-
uable work, but I have not been aware that it-was
made at this session of Congress.
Mr. GURLEY. The resolution of the House
in reference to these extra copies, and which was
referred to the Committee on Printing, has been
before that committee for more than a month.
Here is the entry:
u Moved, that five thousand extra copics of the Commer-
cial Relations be printed—referred to the Committee on
Printing."
That was made 15th February last.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have heard no answer to
the question whether this report has been made
at this session of Congress. Are we, sir, order-
ing the punting of a report which lias nut yet
been mnde to the House? "VVe ought to have in-
formation on this subject.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question has been more
than once propounded to the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, and he has not yet an-
swered it.
Mr. GURLEY. I am not able to answer the
question with certainty; but the committee un-
derstood that it was made at this session.
Mr. FLORENCE. On the. 15th of February
last, I offered a resolution for the printing of the
usual number of the Commercial Relations, and
that resolution was adopted. The resolution for
the printing of extra numbers was referred, under
the rules, to the Committee on Printing. The
leport from the Secretary of State was made to
Congress at this session. The report was sent to
the Senate, and the communication from the Dc-
pni tmetit, which accompanied it, was sent to this
Mouse. I called the attention of the House at the
lime to that fact. I understood, under the ruling
of the Superintendent of Public Printing, that the
communication was not properly before the House.
The next morning I made the necessary correc-
tion. The House ordered the printing of the
usual number of copies; and, as 1 have said, the
resolution for the extra copies was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. Speaker, I take occasion to say that this is
the most valuable public document submitted to
Congress. Only day before yesterday wc passed
a resolution authorizing the appointment by the
Speaker of a committee to make investigations in
reference to the tobacco-growing interest. This
report on the commercial relations contains a vast
amount of statistical information upon the subject
of the tobacco interest of tins country, which is
invaluable to that interest, and worth many times
more to it than the entire cost of this work. If
the volume for this year docs not contain the sta-
tistics of the tobacco interest, the report for next
year certainly will. The work is made up from
the returns of our consuls and commercial egents,
stationed in every part of the world. Of course
the mass of information is in reference to our for-
eign commercial relations. I hope the resolution
of the Committee on Printing will be adopted.
Mr. GURLEY. I call tor the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CURRY. As the House is again going
into the business of publishing books, I desire to
see who are ready to lake the responsibility. I
therefore move to reconsider the vote by which i
the House ordered the printing often thousand j
extra copies of the Pacific Railroad Report, made
by Governor Stevens; and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rose to make the
same motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to rcconsidcr is
not how in order. The resolution before the
House must first be disposed of.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the pending resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The House divided on the demand for the yeas
and nays; and there were—ayes eighteen.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barr and
Olin were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers
having reported—ayes thirty-five, (more than one
fifth of those present.)
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 56; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
riehj William C. Anderson, Bair, Barrett, Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, BriMow, Buflinton, Bui eh,
Buriingame, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Car-
ter, Case, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Cur-
tis, II. Winter Davis, John G.Davis, Dawes, Delano,Dueil,
Dunn, Edgciton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farrisvvouh, Flor-
ence, Foster, Fiank, French, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Hamilton. J. Moirison Harris, Haskm,IIclmiek, llickman,
Hill, Hoard, Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, IJutchins, Fian-
eis W. Kellogg, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lovejoy,
Mallory, Marston,JVIcKcan, McKnight, Montgomery, Mor-
rill, Edwaid Joy Morris, Morse, Oiin, Palmer, Perry, Pettlt,
Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Reagan, Rice, Clnistopher Robin-
son, James C. Itohin«on,Royee, Schwartz, Scranton, Sher-
man, Stevens, William Stewart, Stout, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Verree, Walton, EI-
lilm B. WaHiburne, Wells, Wilson, and Windom—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson,
Babbitt, Barksdalc, Bocock, Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce,
Htabi-on, Burnett, Jloracc F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clop-
ton, Cobb, Cooper, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, T)e
Jamette, Gartrell, Hardeman, Hatton, Ilelman, Houston,
.Tonkin-., Jones, Kent, James M. Leach, Logan, Love, El-
beit £<. Maitm, Maynard, McQueen, Mcltae,Miles, Laban
T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nihlack,
Noctl, I'ugh, Q,uarles, Simms, Singleton, Spinner, Stall-
worth, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Undci wood, Vallau-
digham, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Woodson,
and Wright—56.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said: I desiro
to say that this docs not apply to the large work
of four volumes, but to the single volume that is
sent annually, containing returns from all our con-
suls abroad on the state of our commercial rela-
tions, with suggestions. It is certainly a most
' valuable work.
Mr. BURNETT. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. IIINDMAN stated that he •was paired off
for the rest of the day with Mr. Somes.
Mr. SHERMAN I move to dispense with
reading the vote.
The motion was agreed to.
The vote was then announced, as above recorded.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the printing was ordered, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEVENS^ EXPLORATION-—AGAIN.
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a privileged question.
I desiro to call up the motion to rcconsidcr tho
vote by which the printing of the Pacific Railroad
Report was ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STOUT. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to ask the gentleman from Alabama whether
he voted with the majority?
Mr. FLORENCE. It is no matter. There is
no record of the vote. Let us get this thing out
of the way.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that we will save
time if he will permit us to take a direct vote on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no; let us take it on
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. CURRY called for the yeas and nays on
tho motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he has made any <. sti-
mate as to the cost of printing these ten thousand
copies?
