8802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
gtess for the purpose of obtaining special favors
and choice places by legislative enactment. Under
these circumstances, I have deemed it but fair to
inforin Congress that, whilst I do not consider
the bill unconstitutional, this is only because, in
my.opinion,Congress did not intend, by the lan-
guage which they have employed, to interfere
with my absolute authority to order Captain
Meigs to any other service 1 might deem expe-
dient. My perfect right still remains, notwith-
standing the clause, to send him away from Wash-
ington to any part of the Union to superintend
the erection of a fortification or on any other
appropriate duty.
it has been alleged, I think without sufficient
cause, that this clause is unconstitutional, because
it has created a new office, and has appointed
Captain Meigs to perform its duties. If it had
(lone this it would have been a clear question, be-
cause Congress have no right to appoint to any
office, this being specially conferred upon the
President and Senate. It is evident that Congress
intended nothing more by this clause than to ex-
press a decided opinion that Captain Meigs should
be continued in the employment to which he had
been previously assigned by competent authority.
It is not improbable that another question of
grave importance may arise out of this clause. Is
the appropriation conditional, and will it fall pro-
vided I do not deem it proper that it shall be
expended under the superintendence of Captain
Meigs ? This is a question which shall receive
serious consideration; because upon its decision
may depend whether the completion of the water-
works fchall be airested for another season. Itis
not probable that Congress could have intended
that this greatand important work should depend
upon the various casuahties and vicissitudes in-
cident to the natural or official life of a single
officer of the Army. This would be to make the
work subordinate to the man,and not the man to
the work, and to reverse our great axiomatic rule
of "Principles, not men." I desire to express
no opinion upon the subject. Should the ques-
tion over arise, it shall have my serious consider-
ation- JAMES BUCHANAN.
"Washington, 26t/  June, I860.
The message was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
TOST KOUT15 BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate have passed a bill of this
House to establish certain post routes, with sun-
dry amendments; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask that that bill be taken
up for consideration; and IVill then move that
the session be extended for one hour.
Mr. BABBITT. 1 object.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are ninety-nine
amendments to that bill,and I will never consent
that we shall, at tins hour of the session, under-
take to consider them.
Mi. COLFAX. Theie are not ninety-nine
amendments. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion. I want to see who, at this
stage of the. session, will vote to take up for con-
sideration as important a bill as that.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. The Senate have
placed upon this bill amendments appropriating
$500,000. This is no time to consider them.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state that there is
but a single amendment which can provoke de-
bate, and that the House may dispose of by con-
curring or non-concurring, as they may see fit.
And now, I ask the chairman of tile Committee
of Ways and Means whether he is willing, by
fillilmsri'ring, to defeat so important a measure of
legislation r
Mr. .SHERMAN. The Senate have had this
bill before them for months, and now, when they
bring it to us in the last hour of the session, I am
not willing to consider it.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON,from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 812) to amend an act entitled "An act grant-
ing public lands in alternate sections to the State
of Mississippi, to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State," approv'ed August 11, 1856;
when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not justify the Senate in
sending: this bill to the House at this late hour of
the session. I have been pleading with them for
weeks to send it her  sooner. It is public busi-
ness, and we are paid to do it. We arc paid by
the year to consider the public business, and we
ought to do it. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether, when lie is
paid §3,000 a year, lie is disposed to filibuster to
prevent the transaction of the public business J
[Cries of "Good1 "from the Democratic benches.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to stay here
until December next, for the transaction of the
public business. What I have already done is
earnest of my willingness in that regard. But
here is a bill returned to us in the last hour of the
session, by the Senate, loaded down with nine-
ty-nine amendments, some of them involving
^500,000. How absurd it is, just as the Speaker
is to adjourn the House, under an order of both
Houses, to ask us to take up, consider, and pass
upon ninety-nine amendments. No harm can he
done by letting the hill and amendments go oyer
until the next session. It is the post route bill,
and it is not usual to pass it oftener than once in
every two years. And why, sir, should we es-
tablish new routes when the Post Office Depart-
ment has persistently refused to put service on
roads already established?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
discussion.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire only to state n word
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio. No post
route bill has been passed for a year or two, and
the consequence now is, that there are no new
post routes in the fiontier regions. My friend
from Ohio voted to recede from the proposition of
the House restoring service upon existing routes.
I voted against receding, but the majority of the
House overruled me. 1 submitted, as I always
do, when the majority of the House arc against
me. I am willing to stay here until December.
Mr. PHELPS. I am in favor of proceeding to
the consideration of those amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
discussion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 94, nays 55; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldnob, Allen, Alley,
Aslilcv, Avery, liarto-dale, Fiancis I'. Hlair, Blake, Cmi-
hnm, "lirancli, ISristow, lilltlinton, Rureh, liutlm ainc,
Burnett, Caicy, Case, Clopton, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Cox, Ciawiord, Curtis, Jolm G. Davis, Delano, Diinmiek,
Dunn, Edwards,Eliol,English,Ethcridgc,Ferry,Floience,
T*. n t. * J ~ ~ 11 /-! :i.—
drum, Larraboe, Leake, Logan, Loomi^, Love, Marion.
McClemand, McPherson, Meltae, Miles, Sydenham Moore.,
Morse. Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor, Reagan,
Rice, RiSg-, Christopher Robn^on, Royee, Ruflin, j?cott,
Scranton, Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith,
Spinner, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Tappan,
Theaker, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Israel Wash-
burn, Winslovv, Woodiufif, Woodson, and Wright—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Rabbitf, Barr, Bingham,Samuel S. Blair,
Boyce, Biabsm.,Bravton, Bumham, Butteifield, Campbell,
Carter, Horace F. Clark, Cobb, Corwin, Buiton Ciaige,
Davidson, H. Winter Davie, Duell,El\, J. Morrison Harris,
Hatton, Hill, Hoard, William A. Howard, Hutcluns, ICil-
pore, DeWitt C. Loach. Longnecker, Mallory, Chnrles D.
Martin, Maynard, McKean, MeKmght, McQueen, Million,
Moorhuad, Morrill, Oltn, Pnlmor, Penv, Potter, Push,
Q,uailes, Sedgwick, Sherman, Stanton, Stoke.*, Vandever,
Van W>ck, Vet ice, Wade, \\ alton, Eilihu B. Wa&hbume,
Webster, and Wclli—55.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, (two
| thirds not voting in favor thereof.)
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by-
Mr. Pati on, one of its clcrks, notifying the
House that that body had concurred in the amend-
ment of the House to the Senate bill No. 258, to
grant to the parish of Point Coupee, Louisiana,
certain tracts of land in said parish; and had
passed HousM.ull No. 181, to provide for a super-
| inteiident of Indians affairs for Washington Ter-
ritory, and an additional Indian agent, with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I ask the
House to take up and concur in the Senate amend-
ment to the last bill.
Mr. SHERMAN Objected.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that th^yhad examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 258) to grant
to the parish of PomtCoupee, Louisiana, et-rtain
tracts of land in said parish; and an act (H. R.
No. 503) making further appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1860; when
the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message wos received from the President by
Mr. Buchanan, his Private Secretary, notifying
the House that he had approved and signed bills
and a resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 337) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee;
An act (I-I. R. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac
S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York;
An act (H. R. No. 557) to establish two Indian
agents in Nebraska, and one in the Territory of
New Mexico;
An act (H. R. No. 503) making further appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,1860;
and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 258) to reduce the
price of the public printing.
PAGES.
Mr. BABBITT. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved* That the Committer of Account^ arc author-
ized and requuod to settle and adjust the claims of any
bnys or pa:*^ after the oigamz.uion of the House, and pwor
to ill*' anaugement of p-ige* under the lesolution ot the
Ilou^e, not exceeding five m number; and that paid com*
mitt>*e are furthei authorized and directed to adjust the
claims of the several piece book-folders appointed by the
Doorkeeper of the Ilou^c at the present session, and to
allow each, not exceeding twelve m number, what may
appear to said committee to be ju*.t and equitable; and tho
accounts-s-o adjusted shall be paid out of the contingent fumi
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. ALLEN objected.
Mr. BABBITT moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. MA YNARD demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPINNER asked leave to make a word of
explanation.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BABBITT. These persons have performed
scrvicc for the House, and it would be a disgrace
not to pay them.
The question was taken; and it wasdccided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 44: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AldrU'h, Alloy, Abhley, Babbitt, Barr,
Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Boyce,
Brayton, Biistow, Bufiinton, Builingamc, Burnham, But-
tcrfteld, Campbell, Cafe, Collax, Corwni, Cox, Curtis,
Delano, Dnnmick, Duel!, Edwaid , Eliot, E'y, Etheudge,
Florence, Foster, Frank, Gilmer, Gooeh. Glow, Gurley,
Hale, J. Morrison Harris, Ilation, Iletimck. Iliil, William
Howard, William A. Uowaul, Hughes, Humphrey, flutch-
lns, Junkin, Ivcitt, Fiaucis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Lairabee,
DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Longneekei, Loonns, Mallory,
Marston,Charles D. Maitin,McKean,McKni<:ht,McPher-
soii,Moorhead, Mori ill, E<1 want Joj Mow is, Morse, Nelson,
Ohn, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Hire, Christopher Robinson,
Itoyce, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stout, Tappan, Theater, Vance, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Wnlton, Ellihu B. VVashburne,
Israel VVashburn, Webster, Wells, and WoodrutF—94.
NAYS — Me&sia. Allen, Avery, Barksdaie, Brabson,
Branch, Burch, Bmneit, Carey, Clopton, Cobb, Burton
Oraige, Crawford, II. Wintei Davis, JofmG. Davis, Dunn,
Edinundson, English, Gamett, Gartrell, John T. Harris,
Houston, Jones?, Landium, Love, Mavnard, McClornand,
McQuee"  P #-. ■ «  •« Pi <rl> Dn.irlp«. i'pnnnn.
Kiggs,
Smith,
Wmsiow, and Wright—44.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
: Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that that body had appointed Messrs.
Bigleu, Hemphill, and Ten Eyck, jjcommittee
to join with a committee appointed on the part
of the House, to wait on the President of the
United States, and inform him that, if he had no
further communication to make, both Houses
! were now ready to adjourn.
1 On motion of Mr. 'SHERMAN, the Speaker
was authorized to appoint the committee on the
part of the House; and the Speaker accordingly
appointed Messrs. Sherman, Hughes, and Car>-
ter, such committee.
