1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3303
PAGES—AgAIN.
Mr. BABBITT demanded the previous ques-
tion on his resolution.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged report.
The committee appointed to wait upon the Pres-
ident have'discharged that duty, and he has di-
rected us to inform the House that he has no
further communication to make. Further, he ex-
presses his wishes for the health and prosperity
of the members of this House; and that they may
have a happy return to their labors in December
next.
The question was takep on Mr. Burnett's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas 11, ,
nays 117; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carey, Cobb, Engllrfi, Gartrell, Jones,
Itissp. Sherman, William Sirulh, Stevenson, Underwood,
and Winslow—11.
NAYS—Messrs. AldrLch, Allen, Alley, Ashley. Avery, i
Babbitt, Bingham, Francis P. I31air, Samuel S. Ulair, Blake, ;
Oouligny, Brab^on, Rr#ich, Bray ton, Bristow, Buffinton, [
Burch, Builingamc, Burnett, Buiterfield, Campbell, Carter, s
Case, Ciopton,John Cochrane, Colfuv, Corwm, Crawford, [
Curtis, Davidson, II. YVintei Davis, John G. Davit*, Delano,
Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Ferry, Florence,
Foster, Frank, Gamett, Gilmer, Gooch, Hale, J. Morrison
Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Helmick, Hill, Hoard,
Houston, William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Junlun,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, DeWitt
C. Leach, Lontjaecker, Loomis, Love, Mallory, Marston,
Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Muynarri, McCler-
nand, McKcan, McKnight. McPherson, McQuoeti, Miles,
Sydenham Moore, Mooriioad, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris,
Morse, Nelson, NIhlack, Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Perry,
Pettit, .Peyton, Porter, Pryor, Quarto, Reagan, Rice,
Christopher Robinson, Kovce, Ruifin, Rust, Scranton, Spin-
ner, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Tappan,'
Theaker, Vallandigham, Van^e, Vandevei, Van Wycte.
Vfi ce, Wade, Walton, EMihu B, Wauhburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, and Woodruff—117.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the reading of the names, the hour *>f
twelve o'clock, m., having arrived,
The SPEAKER said: Gentlemen, the hour
fixed by concurrent resolution of the two Houses
for the adjournment of this session of Congress
having arrived, I declare the House of Repre-
sentatives adjourned; and in doing so, I bid the
1 members an affectionate farewell.
SENATE—SPECIAL SESSION.
SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 26, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
come to order. The Secretary will read the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
By the President of the United States of America.
a proclamation.
Whereas an extraordinary occasion has occurred render-
ing it n^cessaiy and proper that the Senate of the United
Slates shall be convened to receive and act upon sueli com-
munications as have been or may be made to it on the part
ol' the Executive:
Now, therefore, T, James Buchanan, President of the
United States, do issue this mv proclamation, declaring that
an extiaordinary occasion icqiiires the Senate of the United
States to convene for the tiansaction of business at the
Capitol, in the city of Washington,on the 26th dayof June
instant, at twelve o'clock at noon of that day, of which all
who shall then be entitled to act as members of that body
are heieby required to take notice.
Given under my hand and the seal of the United
States at Washington, this 25th day of June, anno
|> s.J D0mjiu I860, and of the independence of the
United States the eighty-fouith.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
By the President:
Lew : Cass, Secretary of State.
The following Senators were present:
From the State of New Hampshire—Hon. John
P. Hale.
From the State of Massachusetts—Hon. Charles
Sumner and Hon. Henry Wilson.
From the State of Rhode Island—Hon. Henry
*B. Anthony and Hon. James F. Simmons.
From the State of Connecticut—Hon. La Fayette
S. Foster.
From the State of Vermont—Hon. Jacob Colla-
mer and Hon. Solomon Foot.
From the State of JVcto York—Hon. Preston
Kino-.
From the State of New Jersey—Hon. John C.
Ten Eyck and Hon. John R. Thomson.
From the State of Pennsylvania—Hon. William
Biglor.
From the State of Delaware—Hon. James A.
BayoI'd and Hon. Willard Saulsbury.
From the Slate of Maryland—Hon. Anthony
Kennedy and Hon. .Tnmes A. Pearce.
From the State of Virginia—Hon. R. M. T.
Hunter and Hon. James M. Mason.
From the State of North Carolina—Hon.Thomas
Bra?gaiid Hon. Thomas L. Clingman.
F,om the State of South Carolina—Hon. James
Chestnut, jr., and Hon. James H. Hammond.
From the State of Georgia—Hon. Alfred Iver-
son and Hon. Robert Toombs.
From the State of Kentuckij—Hon. J ohn J. Crit-
tenden and Hon. Lazarus W. Powell.
From the Stale of Tennessee—Hon. Andrew J ohn-
soii and Hon. Alfred 0. P. Nicholson.
From the State of Ohio—Hon. George E. Pugli
and Hon. Benjamin P. "VVade.
From the State of Louisiana—Hon. John Slidell.
From the State of Indiana— Hon. Jesse D. Bright
and Hon. Graham 1ST. Fitch.
From the State of Mississippi—Hon. Albert G.
Brown and Hon. Jefferson Davis.
From the State of Illinois—lion. Lyman Trum-
bull.
From (fee State of Alabama—Hon. Benjamin Fitz-
patrick.
From the Slate of Maine—Hon. William Pitt
Fessenden.
From the Slate of Missouri—Hon. Trusten Polk.
From the State of Arkansas—Hon. Robert W.
Johnson and Hon. William IC. Sebastian.
From the State of Michigan—Hon. Zachariah
Chandler.
From the State of Florida—Hon. Stephen R.
Mallory and Hon. David L. Yulee.
From the State of Texas—Hon. John Hemphill
and Hon. Louis T. Wigtall.
From the Slate of loica—Hon. James W. Grimes
and Hon. James Harlan.
Fiom the Stale of Wisconsin—Hon. James R.
Doolittle and Hon. Chailes Durkee.
From the State of California—Hon. William M.
Gwin and Hon. Milton S. Latham.
From the State of Minnesota—Hon Henry M.
Rice and Hon. Morton S. Wilkinson.
From the State of Oregon—Hon. Joseph Lane.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the hour of meeting of the Senate be ten
o'clock in the inoining, until otherwise ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the present consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. MASON. I dare say that may bo a very
proper resolution; but I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that we consider it at a later hour
of the day.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over, if it is objected
to. *
Mr. MASON. I shall not object to it.
Mr. HALE. If there is no objection, I hope
it will be passed. My object was to expedite
business. However, at the suggestion of Sena-
tors, let it lie over.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORT.
Mr. HALE. I have another resolution which
I desire to have referred to the Committee on
, Printing:
! Revolved, That the same number of the other volumes of
additional copies of the eleventh volume, containing the
I maps and charts of the surveys for anillroad from the Mis-
sissippi nvei to toe Pacific ocean, he printed for the use of
, tins Senate.
j I simply want to say that I bold in my hand
I the eleventh volume, which contains all the maps
jj and cluii ts. We have ordered the full number of
ten volumes, and a supplement to the first volume
H twice the size of this; and we have only ordered
p the usual number of the eleventh and last vol-
>' ume, which completes the set; so that there are
j! no extra numbers for distribution. I simply ask
i | the reference of the resolution to the Committee
on Printing.
It was so referred.
BOX RENTS, ETC.
Mr. HALE. I have another resolution which
I desire to offer:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to'as-
certain and report to the Senate, early at the next session
of Coujn ess, the number and the name j of the post offic.es
where letters were delivered by carriersfor the year ending
30th June,instant; the number of letters tins delivered at
each of said offices; tiie number of persons employed as
carriers, and their lespeetive compensations. Also, tile
number and the names of all the post offices where box
rent is collected; the aggregate amount of box rent col-
lected. and the late per box charged at each of said post
offices' respectively. That he also ascertain and report
whether any, and if so, what, extra charge is made at any
of the post offices for depositing 111 the .same box letters for
more than one person; also, the maximum rate thus col-
lected for the rent of a single box. That he also ascertain
wliethei preference or partiality if practised at any of the
post offices in di^tubutmg and delivering letters to box-
holders ; and whether the practice exists at any of the post
offices of licglectmg to deliver letters to the persons to
whose care they may he directed ; and if it does, that he
then repoit the cause of such neglect.
Mr. YULEE. I object to the consideration of
that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will He
°Vei"' PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That Sheldon McKnight have leave to with-
draw Ins petition and papers.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the. following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of two members be appointed
to wait on the President of the United States, and inform
him that the Senate is assembled, and ready to receive any
communications he may be pleased to make.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee;
and Mr. Bigler and Mr. Foot were appointed.
STANDINO COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON. For the dispatch of business
of the session, 1 offer the following resolution. It
is the usual one at the commencement of an ex-
ecutive session:
Resolved, That the standingcommittees appointedattlie
late session of Congress, be. and they arc, reappointed for
the present special session of the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I have another resolution with
the same view:
Resolved, That all business heretofore leferred to the
standing committees of the Senate and pertaining to tile
business of the executive session and not reported on or
otherwise definitely disposed of, be again referred to the
said committees, iehpcctively, with like power and author
lty possessed by them at the late session.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
ELECTION 01' PRESIDENT 1>R0 TEMPORE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ivebson
in the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senate
that he was requested by the Vice President to
