1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14M
Mr. GURLEY. They will cost five dollars
per volume.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Thn.fc.will make §50,000
for the whole.'
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Wil-
lu :n (J. Anderson, Barrett, Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
lirayton, Buffi nton, Burch, Bunoughs, Butterfield, Catey,
On:tcr, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Curtis, John G.
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duel), Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely,
Faui-nvorth, Florence, Fiank, French, Gooch,Grow, Gur-
Icy, Hale, Ilaskin, Ilelmiclc, Howard, Hughes, Humphrey,
Ilntchins, Francis W. Kellogg, Kiljjore, Killinger, Lee,
Lovejoy, Elbert S. Martin, McKcan, Millward, Montgom-
eiy, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Oiin,
Palmer, Perry, Pcttit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Itiee, Christo-
phcr K'obinson, James C. Robinson, Itoyce, Schwartz,
Sherman, Spauidmg, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart,
►Stout, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Van-
dcvei, Voire'*, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bum, Eliihu B. Wasliburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wil-
son, and Windom—81).
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Barksdalc, Bocock, Botcler, Bouligny, Boyce, Brabson,
Branch, Bustow, Burnett, Horace F. ©lark, John B. Clark,
Clopton, Cobb, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Cuny, De Jainette, Edmundson, Etheridge, Garnett, Gar-
trcll, Hamilton, Hardeman, Hatton, Holman, Houston,
Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Lamar, James M. Leach, Logan,
Love, Maynard, McQ,uecn, McRae, Miles, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Isaac N". Morris, Nehon,Niblack,Noell,
Phelps, Pugn><luarles, Reagan, Simms, Singleton, Stall-
worthy Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood,
VaUandiglwun, Woodson, and Wright—62.
So the motion to reeonsider was laid on the
table.
During the vote, ,
Mr. BARKSDALE asked the Chair to state
the question.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. FLORENCE. This is the last volume of
the Pacific railroad explorations.
Mr. CURRY. Ana this is a test question as
to whether any more books are to be published
by the Government.
Mr. FLOREN CE. The explorations of all the
other parties have been published.
Mr. CURRY. It is not for the benefit of the
Government, but for the benefit of the Printer.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman to or-
der. Members are to exercise their own judg-
ment in giving their votes; and they arc responsi-
ble to the people for them.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am willing to take
my responsibility, and vote against u.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. This is the
last of the Pacific railroad survey reports, of which
there have been ten preceding volumes.
Mr. KEITT. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I would like to
know from the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Morris] whether there are to be any pictures in
this book r
Several Members. Of course there are.
Mr. LAMAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davis, was paired off with Mr. IVJ ooriiead.
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rt'FFiN, was confined to his room by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. BOCOCK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harris, was detained at home by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. Q;UARLES said: I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] whether
he is not paired withmy colleague, [Mr. Vance?]
Mr. COVODE. Not on this question, sir.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I understood that the pah-
was general. I did not know how that was.
Mi. FLORENCE said: I am paired with my
colleague [Mr. Hickman] on the political ques-
tions of different shades of color which divide us
in the House. This question of printing I have
voted on, because I reserved to myself that right,
thinking it probable that I might be able to pair
my colleague with some other gentleman on it.
I have been unable to do so, however. That will
account for my colleague's absence.
Mr. WELLS said: I wish to change my vote.
If this were a resolution for the original publish-
ing of the volume, I should vote against it. As
I understand, it is the last of the set. It embraces
the survey of the northern route to the Pacific.
For that reason, and krorder that the whole ques-
tion of the Pacific- railroad may be presented be-
fore the people I change my vote, and vote
"ay."
Mr. SHERMAN moved to dispense with the
reading of the vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am compelled to
leave this city for my home in the West "either
this evening or to-morrow; and I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to"permit me to re-
port back a bill from the Committee on Public
Lands, and have it referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
There being no objection,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
183) making appropriations to supply a deficiency
in the appropriations for the completion of the
geological survey of Oregon and Washington
Territories; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE POST OFFICE.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making further appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,1860;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be pjrinted.
Mr. COLFAX. If the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads were to follow the prece-
dent that was set by the House the other aay, it
would ask to have this bill referred to it, as the
Army appropriation bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. But knowing that
such a course would delay action on these appro-
priation bills—for if we were to make such a mo-
tion, other standing committees would make sim-
ilar motions to have appropriation bills referred
to them—we have therefore thought it far better
that these bills should follow the ordinary couisc
of legislation, and let the_ committees who have
charge of the various branches of business con-
sider the bills informally, as the Post Office Com-
mittee propose to do with this bill.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH—POSTPONEMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. With regard to the polyg-
amy bill, I move that it be postponed till next
Monday, after the morning hour, according to the
understanding.
The motion was agreed to.
-SPECIAL ORDER.
I ask leave to offer the fol-
TARIFF BILL
Mr. SHERMAN.
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That House bill No. 338, to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury notes; to authorize a
loan; to regulate and fix the duties on imports.; and for
other purposes, be made a special oidcr in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union l'or Wednesday, the
4th day of April next; and so continue until disposed of.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that if the resolu-
tion be objected to it cannot be introduced now;
but I offer it in order to give notice that on Wed-
nesday next I will move to lay aside the various
bills that stand before it, in oider to take up the
tariff bill. I give this early notice so that gentle-
men may understand that that motion will be made.
I now move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state ofthc Union; and thatgeneral
debate on the Army appropriation bill shall cease
within five minutes after its consideration shall
have been resumed m committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have the floor in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the Army appropriation bill; but in order that wc
may hasten on with it and got the bill out of com-
mittee to-day, I will make no objection to my being
deprived of the floor by fhe proposition to close
debate in five minutes. I will seek some other
opportunity to get the floor in committee.
ARMS FOR THE MILITIA AOAIX.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has yielded me the
floor for a moment. I move to reeonsider the vote
by which the Senate bill relating to the purchase
of arms was referred to the Committee on the
.Militia; and 1 also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table
The latter motion was agreed to
The question wa's then taken' on Mr. Sher-
man's motion; and it was agreed to. ,
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; (Mr.'Grow in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. ' •' .. . ,
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Boteler] to amend the bill by striking-out the
words " two hundred arid fifty,"in line one hun-
dred and forty-one, and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "four hundred;" so that the clause
would read:
For the manufacture of arms at the national armories,
$400,000.
Upon this amendment the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr; Florence] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am in favor of the prop-
osition to increase this appropriation to §400,000,
because I believe that the efficiency of the national
armories cannot be kept up unless this appropri-
ation is made. We all know that the Mime mus-
ket has superseded the old arm.
A Member. It is the Minie rifle.
Mr. FLORENCE Well, it is rifle-bored, but
it is called the Minie musket, and it has super-
seded the old arm. The different States are now
asking that the Minie musket may be substituted
for the old arm, and that increases the demand
upon the War Department very largely. The
volunteer companies of the States are asking for
these new arms, and arc willing to pay the. differ-
ence in price between the old and the new arms.
But I must hasten on, because I am restricted to
five minutes. • '
Another reason why I th ink this increase ought to
be made in the appropriation, although the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] did not seem
to consider ita sufficient one yesterday, is the fact
that the workmen in these armories have special-
ties, that they are adapted to a peculiar work,
or to the performance of a peculiar duty, and un-
less these men are kept at work during the entire
year, the letter submitted yesterday by the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Boteler] shows that
to continue these national armories is a mere farce.
N ow, I submit to gentlemen, when it is known
that the States want arms; when there is a prop-
osition before the Senate to increase the number
of arms given to the States; when this new arm
isaskedforall over the country, I submit whether,
at this time, wc should withhold the trifling sum
of $150,000, which will be returned to the Treas-
ury of the United States in the difference between
the old arms and the new ones ' The increase in
the appropriation is necessary for the purpose of
arming the volunteers of the States, independently
of the fact that it will keep these men at work.
And I submit that it is the duty of this Govern-
ment not to give employment to the workmen,
but by placing them m these armories which are
necessary to the Government, to afford them the
means of obtaining a subsistence for themselves
and their families. And I conceive it to be the
duty of this House, and that the House will honor
and dignify itself if it will continue these men
at work, not only in the national armories, but
wherever they are employed by the United States.
These are strong reasons, I apprehend, for in-
creasing this appropriation, and I trust they will
exercise the proper and salutary influence which
they ought to exercise over the minds of intelli-
gent gentlemen.
The CHAIRMAN. The general debate on
this bill is now closed; and the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is entitled to the floor for
one hour to discuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to occupy
the hour.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Boteler.]
Mr. HUGHES. Is debate exhausted on that
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir; the debate is
exhausted on that amendment.
Mr. CtUARLES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, by striking
out "#400,000," and inserting "$250,000." It
is witii reluctance that 1 say anything -which
would seem to disfavor the amendment offered by
