1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KUNKEL. If the gentleman from New
Hampshire'will pardon me for a moment 
Mr. EDWARDS. I cannot yield. I have an-
nounced that I would not yield to any gentleman
again.
Mr. KUNKEL. I merely wished to ask the
gentleman from New Hampshire, whether, if the
Constitution prescribed a rule fixing the qualifica-
tion of the Presiding Officer of this House, [Cries
of "Order!"] he would not feel himself bound by
that rule? [Shouts of "Order!" from the Repub-
lican side.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I was proceeding to say
that we have made some attempts at organization,
but that almost the whole time, from the beginning
of the session, had been spent in debate, in discus-
sion. Iwill not again characterize that discussion,
but the time has not been spent in voting. If we
are to elect a Speaker, it is to be done by voting
and not by talking; and I think the time has come
when we should consider the means by which
that object is to be accomplished. What is the
practice now ? When the House assembles in
the morning, the floor is taken and a speech is
made of more or less length; another speech fol-
lows, and so the whole time is consumed that we
are willing to sit here. We become impatient.
We run through a ballot, or perhaps omitit alto-
fether, and then adjourn and our day's work is
one. Now, sir, I want something more reliable
than this as an individual member, and for the
purpose of fixing this matter so that we may know
by what rule we are to be governed, I propose the
following resolution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to any resolu-
tion.
Several Members. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to its being read
for information.
Mr. EDWARDS. I present the resolution as
in order. "
The CLERIv. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire that his resolution
will not be in order except by unanimous consent,
there being several privileged motions undisposed
of before the House.
Many Voices. Read for information.
Mr. EDWARDS. I offer the.following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That afterthis day, on each succeeding day of
the session, until a Speaker shall be chosen, the House will
proceed to the olection of that officer precisely at one
o'clock, will go through with at least tlnee successive
votings, and that if any member shall be in possession of
the floor, he shall immediately surrender it for that purpose.
Mr. WINSLOW and others objected.
Mr. EDWARDS. The resolution, I under-
stand, is objected to. I move a suspension of the
parliamentary rule applicable to this House, under
which the ivsolution would be out of order, so
that the resolution may be received as in order.
If we were acting under the rules of the House,
they might be suspended; and, acting under par-
liamentary law, my position is that we may sus-
pend any rule of that law that prevents this reso-
lution from being received.
Mr. BARKSDALE obtained the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi does not wish to go on with his remarks
now, and he will yield to me, I will occupy the
attention of the House for a few moments.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I yield to the gentleman,
with the understanding that I will be entitled to
the floor to-morrow. [Cries from the Republican
benches of " Let us take a vote !"]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to this ar-
rangement. I insist that if the gentleman from
Mississippi yields the floor, he yield it uncondi-
tionally; otherwise I object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee to submit a few remarks, with
the understanding that I will be entitled to the
floor when he has concluded. ...
Mr EDWARDS. Is my proposition m order?
The CLERK. The Clerk is of the opinion
that it is not in order, under parliamentary law;
but, feeling that he has no power to decide the
ciuestion, Iig will submit it to tlie House.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that the parliament-
ary law that would exclude the reception of my
proposition be suspended. When we are an or-
ganized House, a motion is m order for the sus-
pension of the rules, and just such a motion 1
make in reference to the parliamentary law that
interferes with the reception and the adoption of
the resolution, and ask that the question of order
be submitted to the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I believe that I have the
floor.
Mr. GROW. How does the gentleman from
Mississippi yield the floor ?
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi has yielded the floor to me, and I yield to
nobody.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennessee
will suspend for a moment.
Mr. GROW. I did not hear the gentleman from
Mississippi. I understand that he is entitled to
the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk recognized him.
Mr. GROW. I understand that he proposes to
yield it to some other gentleman to make a speech,
at the conclusion of which he is again to be enti-
tled to it.
The CLERK. He yields it to the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. GROW. If he yields it unconditionally,
I do not objcct; but I do object to the practice that
has grown up here of one gentleman taking the
floor, holding it, and yielding it for speeches to
whom he pleases. The unfairness of such a prac-
tice is apparent to every member.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It has been the_ practice
since the commencement of this session for a gen-
tleman to take the floor and to yield it to others
temporarily. I am now entitled to the floor, and
I yield it temporarily to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. GROW. I know that that has been the
practice a part of the time. I was ruled out the
other day under the same circumstances by the
other side of the House. I make the objection
that the gentleman cannot yield the floor for a
speech unless he yields it unconditionally. That
is the way I was served.
Mr. BARKSDALE. To obviate the difficulty
created by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
am willing to yield the floor to the gentleman from
Tennessee unconditionally; I have no doubt that
it will be again given to nie when he has concluded
his remarks.
Mr. GROW. All I desire is to prevent the bad
practice I have referred to growing up in this
House.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee postpone his remarks to allow a vote
to be taken?
Mr. WRIGHT. I prefer to go 011 now.
Mr. EDWARDS. What is the question be-
fore the House?
The CLERK. The Clerk, in response to the
gentleman, will say that there are several ques-
tions.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the hour rule applied to
the Clerk, he could hardly state them in that time.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDWARDS, t understood the Clerk to
rule that my motion was not in order.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that the
resolution proposed by the gentleman from New
Hampshire was objected to; and that, in his opin-
ion, under the parliamentary law, it could not
now be introduced. The gentleman from New
Hampshire has moved that that portion of the
parliamentary law which stands in the way of the
introduction of his resolution be suspended. The
Clerk knows no rule of parliamentary law by
which that motion for suspension can be enter-
tained, inasmuch as several privileged questions
under the parliamentary law are now pending,
namely: two raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and one by hiscolleague,
[Mr. HickmanJ
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. EDWARDS. I insist that the question
of order made by me, shall be submitted to the
House
Mr. WRIGHT. It is too late now; and the
gentleman has not got the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that the gentleman from New
Hampshire made his question of order before the
gentleman from Mississippi had the floor assigned
to him. He made his motion, and then took his
seat. The Clerk did not know whether he per-
sisted in his motion at the time the floor was as-
signed to the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is it in order to discuss the
question raised by the gentleman from New
Hampshire? - ■'
The CLERK It is.
Mr. WRIGHT Then I will discuss that ques-
tion.
Mr. Clerk, I have obtained the floor for the pur-
pose of replying to some remarks made by my
colleague of the mountain district of Tennessee.
I would not come into this discussion at all if it
were not for positions he has taken which1 I
regarded at the time, as I do now, as utterly inde-
fensible. When we assembled here at the ooirt- .
mencement of this session, we found three par-
ties in this Hall: the national Democratic party,
the southern Oppositionists, and the Republican
party.
Mr. EDWARDS. I rise to a question of order.
•Mr. WRIGHT. I do not yield for any pur-
pose.
The CLERK. The gentleman has a right to
rise to a question of order.
Mr. EDWARDS. My point of order is this,
that on a question of order the debate must be
confined to that question, and not go into general
subjects. *
The CLERK. It is impossible forthe Clerk to
control the course of remarks made by gentlemen.
It has not heretofore been the practicc during the
pendency of these points of order to hold gentle-
men to any strict rule. If the Clerk had the power
to direct the coursc of argument, he would will-
ingly exercise it; not having the power, he must
decline to exercise it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I shall follow the example of
the gentleman, and adhere as closely to the point
of ordrer as he did.
Mr. Clerk, when interrupted, I was remarking
that I would not have trespassed on the House
at this time but for the remarkable speech of my
colleague from the mountain district of Tennes-
see, [Mr. Stokes,] delivered on Saturday last.
Sir, when we assembled in this Hall, on the first
Monday in last month, what was the condition
of pal-tics here? The Democratic party, which
had been opposed by the Black Republicans in
the North and by the Opposition party in the
South, was represented by about ninety mem-
bers, greatly in the minority, and incapable from
its numbers of organizing the House. On the
other side sat the Black Republicans, number-
ing near one hundred and twelve members, and
near them sat the Representatives of the southern
Opposition. The country was intensely excited,
on account of recent occurrences at Harper's
Perry and the all-absorbing question of abolition;
the great question of whether, at this dangerous
juncture of affairs, the Representative branch of
the American .Congress was to be presided over
by a Black Republican and Abolitionist, was the
one upon which all attention was turned. On the
first day of the meeting of Congress, the Demo-
cratic party, though in a feeble minority, led oflf
in a gallant charge against this dangerous sectional
Black Republican party, led on by the honorable
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] who of-
fered in good faith arcsolution declaring that any
member of this body who had recommended or
indorsed the Helper book—a book which teaches
doctrines of murder, insurrection, and treason
against the southern States—was unfit to be
Speaker of this House.
Under these circumstances I appeal to the whole
country to know, if we of the Democratic party
did not have a right to expect the active sym-
pathy of the southern Opposition party, every
member of which save one is a southern man rep-
resenting southern constituencies here? I do not
mean that we had the right to expect their votes
for our candidate Mr. Bocock, for that I leave to
themselves to determine; but, sir, in this war for
our constitutional rights we had a right to expect
that if members of the southern Know Nothing
party desired to hurl their shafts, they would be
directed against the Black Republicans, the com-
mon enemies of us both, and not at the Demo-
cratic party which stood liero, feeble though it
was, and waged battle in defense of southern
honor and southern rights. But, sir, how were
our just expectations realized? In the very midst
of the battle, when the charge made by the Dem-
ocracy was being felt, when the advancing col-
umns of the Black Republicanshad been checked,
when they were waving to and fro and preparing
for a retreat, the honorable gentleman from North
