m
TEE..CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Q^rplin^ EM1*. boldly dashed in between
the two contending forces, and parried the blow
which must have hurled the enemies of the South
to, the earth- Yes, sir, the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] himself a
southern man, the leader of the southern Know
Npthing force? here, offered a resolution as a
substitute, which, however proper in itself, and
■which, whether intended by lum or not, and, I do
not<$lfiEge that he so intended it,effectually vvard-
e3 pff 9. blow froni the Democracy winch was not
ajrncd at him nor his party, but which was di-
rected, against the deadly enemies of the South.
-Various gentlemen of that party have made
speeches, and among, the rest my colleague, [Mr.
Stokes;] and I desire the country to bear m mind
that not o*ie of them, so far as I remember, has
directed his remarks against the Black Republi-
cans. Yes, sir, the dominant party here, the party
which seeks to. strike down ttie rights of the
southern Know Nothing, as well as the rights of
the southern Democrat, go.es iniwhipped as far as
thp efforts of my colleague "s party arc concerned,
a#d their blows are all aimed at their southern
brethren of the Democracy, who arc here striving
to protect a common South.
But, sir, I desire to direct, my remarks princi-
pally to the speech of my colleague. He declares
thsit he cannot unite with the Democratic party in
tfrjg struggle, because, as he charges, the party is
not a united one, that it is disorganized, and that
its members do not agree among themselves. For
the sake of the argument, I might admit this prop-
osition, and then show that in remaining in the
organization where he now it>, he is m nowise
better off. Sir, what principle is there upon which
his party all agree? Can he show,from the record
niacin here, that on any one. question alluded to
by him his party are more harmonious or better
united than the. Democracy ? How does your party
stand pn the so-called Lecompton question ? Are
you all agreed on that? Sir, youy colleagues [Mr.
Maynard, and Mr. IIill of Georgia] were and
arc in favor of the Lecompton policy of the Ad-
ministration, whilst the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] and your colleague [Mr.
IStue&jiidgeJ are thy bitter, unyielding enemies of
that policy. Nor are yon better agreed on the
doctrines of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. In our
awn State, my colleague well knows theie is a
wide gulf separating the two wings of his own
party. I understand that your colleague from
the Trenton district [Mr. Ktuuridge] places the
same construction on the Kansas-Nebraska law
that most northern men place on it, to wit: that
it confers the right to exclude slavery from the
Territories on the people while in a territorial con-
dition; or, m other words, that he places what is
called the squatter-sovereignty construction on u.
In this, I know he does not agree with many dis-
tinguished membeis of his own party in Ten-
nessee.
Mr. STOKES. My impression is that there is
no difference among us as to the construction of the
Ifcansas-Ncbrasku bill, I say my colleague voted
against the Kansas-Nebraska bill, for the reason
that he believed it did contain the doctrine of
sq&uttcr sovereignty, or popular sovereignty, as
it is calW; t'uat he did not advocate the doctrine
of popular sovereignty m his canvass, but did
say that Mr. Douglas's construction of that bill
was the true and proper construction.
Mr. WRIGHT. Passing from this, let us ex-
amine and see whether you are agreed on another
question. I lefer to the question of protecting
skive property in the Temtories. The distin-
guished gentleman from Geoigta, [Mr. Hill.) if
I understood him rorroctly the other day, declared
himself a friend to that doctrine; and all the mem-
bers of the Know Nothing party from Kentucky
also favor it Are you agreed upon that? Sir,
the distinguished gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Hux] went so far as to declare that if, in certain
contingencies, Congress shall refuse tovgive legal
protection to slave property in the Territories, he
vVtll unite with the extreme men of the South in
breaking up this Union. And this brings me to
the question of the CJmon itself. My colleague
has said that the Democratic party South has dis-
unionists in its ranks. Has his party none; and
do they all agree on this question r I have just
shown that one of his party on this floor, the
distinguished gentleman from Georgia, has an-
nounced his determination, in a certain contin-
gency, which I think very likely to occur, to re-
sist—yes, sir, iesist injustice. In the s^mc spirit,
I suppose, though not discussing the same point,
my distinguished colleague from the first district
[Mr. Nelson] boldly and eloquently declared
hpre, that if the Black Republicans shall obtain
the control of this Government and commit an
overt act of injustice against, leading to the peril
of, the South, he ie willing to link his shield to
' the shield even of the secessionists, to repel wrong.
Here is what he said:
" Mi. Pryor. The question I propounded has been an-
swered only ni a general sente. I lepeat the inquity whether
that gentleman, upon imowaresponsibility, and not as the
leproscntative of anybody el&c, would be willing that Wil-
i i.iam H. Seward should take possession of the Army, tiie
Navy, and ali the powers of the Government?
"Mi. Nelson. Of course X would not. I would deplore
such a thing.
"Mr. Pryor. The gentleman will excuse me. I mean
ail the constitutional powers of the President of the United
States. Would he allow William II. Seward to take pos-
session ot those powers, or would he resist it even to the
extent of going out of the Union ?
" Mr. Nelson. In answer to that question, let me say
that I do not believe, from the manner in which Mi. Sew-
arb has expressed himself, that there is any danger that
sueh a contingency wdl ever happen. But even if he should
be elected President of the United States according to the
Constitution and the forms of law, the view I entertain—
and I speak for no one but myself—-is, that that is of itself
no cause l'or a dissolution of the Union, unless he commit-
ted some overt act leading to peril of the South. The mo-
ment he did commit any sueh overt act, why, sir, I would
be wjlling, humble as [ am, to hnk my shield to the shield
even of these secessionists to repel the wrong just as soon
as I would repel wrong fiom anj quaiter."
Again, I call the attention of my colleague to a
declaration made in 1856, at Albany, by Mr. Fill-
more, your candidate for the Presidency, which
| was published everywhere. Mr. Fillmore was a
! candidate for President himself. My colleague
voted for him, and, 1 believe, was on his electoral
ticket; and that, too, after Mr. Fillmore had made
this declaration, and had it published to the world,
lie was portraying the dangers which then threat-
ened the Union, and alluding to the probable elec-
tion of Colonel Fremont, the Black Republican
candidate. Sir, in that speech he declares and
argues that the election of a Black Republican
would justify the South in resisting, even to the
i dissolution of the Union.
[ Heie are some extracts from that speech. I
j refer my colleague to them:
| kk Can the) lm\e the madness oi the foily to believe that
, our sou the] n brethren would biihmit to bo governed by s-ueh
j a duel Mii^istrntc ?" * * ° * * *
j u Suppo.-e rhat the South, having a majority of the elec-
j total vines, *hou!d deviate that limy would only have slave-
i holders for President and Vice Picsideut. and should eleet
j sueh by their cxelu^ve suiliagcs to rule over us at the
| Noiih. Do you thmk we would submit to it? No, not tor
i a moment. And do you believe that jour southern biothicn
I ate Ion sensitive on this subject than you aie. ot less jeal-
1 oil* of their rights? If you do, let me tell you that you arc
! mistaken,~ * * * 4 *
I " .And theieintc. \ou must that, if t!n« sectional patty
i succeed*, it leads inevitably to the destruction ot this he.ui-
! tiiul labnc uMii'tl by out*torc'athei.-, cemented by then
| blond, and bequeathed to us a pncelcs.j mhcjitance."
i Now, Mr. Clerk, does harmony exist m the
: ranks of my colleague's party, e\en on the ques-
1 tion of the Union? I show that a distinguished
j member of his party here [Mr. Hill] is for unit-
! ing with extreme men, and resisting even for a
i cause which is likely to occur; and that Mr. Fill-
more thinks the election of a Black Republican
President a sufficient cause for the South to break
up the Union; whilst my colleague the other day
declared, that for no cause whatever was he will-
ing Jo dissohe the Union. Yes, sir; in answer
to a questjQn as to whether lie would submit to
the election of Fred Douglass, a free negio, as
President of the United States, he savs, for no
cause would he be willing to resist. vThus you
sir, that on this point mv colleague is in no
better condition in Ins party than he would be in
the party to which 1 belong.
Sir, if my colleague desires to be in a party every
member of which is agreed on one great question,
I can point him to one, though I do this with all
respect and without any intention to wound. I
refer him to the Black Republican party, a party
whose every member is agreed, however much it
may be disclaimed, in an eternal and unceasing
war upon the southern States, their rights, their
property, and their honor.
The gentleman arraigned us of the Democracy
because we refuse to vote for the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] I have already
given my reasons, and to myself, and I doubt not
to my constituents, those reasons will be amply
sufficient. I have caused to be read from the
Clark's desk, a certain resolution passed by the
Legislature of Tennessee, declaring, in substance,
that any cooperation with Black Republicans to
elect a Speaker, would be dishonoring to the State
and disgraceful to those who do it. Sir, Mr.
Gilmer, on the ballot which gave him thirty-six
votes, received the support of fourteen or fifteen
Black Republican members. To have voted with
those Black Republicans would, in my judgment,
have been a cooperation with them, and I declined
to do it.
Mr. STOKES. I stated in my remarks the
j other day, most distinctly and unequivocally, that
, T would not vote for a Republican for Speaker.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 understand that, sir. My
! point is, that if you vote with the Black Repub-
; licans for a man who is acceptable to them, you
I violate the spirit and meaning of the resolution,
j Gentlemen cannot say that it is because Mr. Gil-
! mer is not a Democrat that we refuse to support
  him. Sir, we have \oted for gentlemen who arc
I not Democrats; T, with many other Democrats
i here, have voted for my colleague, Mr. Maynard;
| not because we agree with him in all political ques-
I tions; but because we know him to be deadly hos-
i tile to the Black Republican party, its principles,
| and purposes. Other Democrats have voted for
j the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,] who
, is not a member of the Democratic party.
! But you say Mr. Gilmer can get Black Republi-
can votes, and these gentlemen [Mr. Maynard and
Mr. Boteler] cannot. Well, sir, let that fact go
: to the country, that we of the Democratic party
, are invited to vote for a gentleman who can receive
■ Black Republican votes, and that this southern
i Opposition party complained because we prefer
to vote for gentlemen who are unable to command
i such support. Set the country to inquiring why
' is it that the gentleman from North' Carolina can
j receive the votes «of Black Republicans, and no
i other southern man ean> You ask us to bring
I over ninety Democrats to your party; if it is true
; that the Democrats, by coming to you, can elect
i your candidate, is it not equally true that if you
will bring all your forces over to us, the candidate
(if the Democracy can be elected. But you say
, you cannot bring those Black Republicans over.
1 Very well; let that go to the country too: that
] fourteen or fifteen Black Republicans are willing
1 to elect Mr. Gilmer, a southern Oppositionist,
; and that not one Black Republican is willing to
i vote for a Democrat. Sir, for the sake of thcar-
| gument, if gentlemen so desire it, let it be pro-
< claimed to the world that the Democratic party,
I by going over in a body, could elect the gentleman
i from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] with the aid
of his Black Republican supporters, over John
; Sherman, and do not see proper to do so. As a
j Democrat and a southern man, I am willing to
' assume my share of the responsibility. Sir, the
: country understands the political status of the
| gentleman from North Carolina, and that political
I status is a sufficient vindication. My colleague
| says he will not vote foran anti-Lccompton Dcm-
| ocrat to defeat a Black Republican.
I Mr. STOKES. I desire to set my colleague
| right, i stated that I would not cast my vote con-
! trary to the wishes and sentiments of the people
ji whom I have the honor to represent, and as I oe-
;j lieve, of the majority of the people of the State.
;i I said I would vote for no man who is a supporter
:j of Mr. Douglas and his popular-sovereignty doc-
!j trines; and 1 say so yet.
jj Mr. WRIGHT. And yet my colleague has
:! declared his willingness to vote for Mr. Ether-
!| idge, who resisted by all his power and talent the
!' repeal of the Missouri restriction; a restriction
which forever prohibited the constituents of my
colleague, and my constituents, and all the people
of the South, from an equal and just participation
in the enjoyment of common territory, purchased
by the common blood and treasure of all the peo-
ple of this Confederacy. Yes, sir, my colleague
says he is ready to vote for Mr. Etheiiidge, who
is opposed to the Lecompton policy of the Ad-
ministration, and whose position places him, on
that question, with these very men for whom he
says he can never vote.
Mr. GILMER. Does the gentleman say that
I am a Black Republican: and if so, on what
ground, or from what statement or act of mine
does he say so ?
