S304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
inform the Senate that he will not resume the
cftp'fc'for, the residue of the session.
Mr. BRIGHT. Iofferthefollowingresolution:
Resolved,-That, in the absence of the Vice President,
Hon." Benjamin Fitzpatrick be, and he hereby is, chosen
President pro teinpore ot the Senate,
" The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. FITZJ? ATRICK, on taking the chair, said:
Senators: I tender you my grateful acknowledg-
ments for the distinguished honor you have con-
ferred upon me.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait on the President of the
United States, and inform him that, in the absence of the
Vice President, the Senate has chosen Hon. Benjamin
FiTzrATiucic President ofthe Senate pro tempore.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BIGLER, from the committee appointed
to wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that toe Senate is assembled and
ready to receive any communications ho may be
pleased to make, reported that they had performed
the duty assigned them; and that the President
replied that he had no communications to make,
except such as related to appointments; which he
would make at an early day.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate re-
"sumed the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doois were
reopened.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr, MASON. I ask the Senate to take up the
resolution offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, in relation to the daily hour of meeting.
The motion was agreed to; and the .Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the hour of meeting of the Senate be ten
o'clock in the morning until otherwise ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jane 27, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desite to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a state of faet.s tint comes
very unexpectedly upon myself and some other
members on thisside ofthe House. My colleague
left last week under the apprehension that he was
paired upon all treaties with the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] and the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Green] until the final adjourn-
ment of the Senate. I am informed by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana that he does not regard that
pair as extending to this special session. We
nave some four or five on this side who are ab-
sent, and I do not know but what they arc paiied
in the same way. Now, sir, if Senators on the
other side intend to treat their pairs as a nullity
at this extra session, I desire thai the Senate shall
adjourn for three days, to give us an opportunity
to'bnng these men back; and I give notice that"!
shall resort to every expedient known to parlia-
mentary usage to prevent any vote being taken
on these treaties until these men can be thought
back. My colleague never would have left, had
he not supposed, in good faith, that he was paired
finally until these treaties were acted on. I should
like Senators on the other s'uL; to inform us
whether they consider their pansas extending into
this session, aside from the Senator from Louisi-
ana; for if they do not, we may as well adjourn;
for no action can be taken until these Senators
who have gone away under a misapprehension
can be brought back, winch would occupy three
or four days.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not exactly understand
the tone of the Senator from Michigan. He does
not say so, but there seems to be some imputa-
tion upon my good faith in this matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply stated that my
colleague understood himself to be paired with
the Senator from Louisiana to the end. That is
what I mean to say, sir. If he was not, he was
under a misapprehension; and I desne the Senate
to adjourn, to give him an opportunity to bring
himself back, and place himself right before the
country-
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the affair of the Sen-
ator and his colleague. I will state very briefly
the facts. In the first place, I had not the slightest
anticipation of an extra session of the Senate. I
considered myself paired with Mr. Bingham until
the end of the session. I did not anticipate the
happening of any circumstances by -which my
vote would be more than doubly nullified by my
pairing with the Senator from Michigan. For
instance, on the homestead veto bill, I never made
any question of that sort. I never sought to ob-
tain the pair pf another person, in order to make
up what could really be the only equivalent in a
case of that sort. I never made any suggestion
about it. No allusion was made to an extra ses-
sion; nor do I suppose that anybody at that time
entertained an idea that an extra session would
be necessary. I should be very sorry to do any-
thing that would have the appearance even of
avoiding a responsibility which I had assumed
by this pair with the Senator from Michigan. It
is a question, in the first place, of fact, upon
which 1 assume to be the only judge myself, and
I will allow nobody to controvert that. Then it
is u question of taste and discretion; and on that
point 1 should certainly pay great deference to
the opinion of my brother Senators. Beyond
that, I concede nothing, and I will allow no one
to controvert mv position on a point of fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter comes un-
expectedly to me; but I should like very well to
hu\oan understanding on the subject. I know
that my own colleague, fur instance, went away
on Sunday night. He was here all of Saturday.
It was understood, of coursc, that nothing was to
be done on Monday except finishing up the legis-
lative business. It was perfectly well understood
on Saturday that we were to have an extra session
to consider these treaties, and it was then known
what the President's intention was.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me to interrupt him? I never saw the Sen-
ator from Michigan 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking of the
Senator from Michigan. I am speaking about
my colleague. He went away on Sunday even-
ing. Ho was here all Saturday. It was perfectly
well understood at that time that we were to have
an extra session to consider these treaties. My
colleague paired, as we pair upon treaties, with
two gentlemen upon the other side upon treaties.
Now, if they understood, under that state of facts,
that that extended only through the session then
existing, all I can say is, that my colleague la-
bored under a singular misapprehension, and any-
body else would upon the same state of facts. It
was so, I understand, also with the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,]
who left on Sunday.
Air. HALE. Allow me one moment. I will
state, in regard to my colleague, that the facts are
not exactly so. On Sunday I understood there
was to be an executive session; and apprehend-
ing just exactly a question of this sort, I sug-
gested to hnn that his pair would not extend
beyond the session, unless he had some further
understanding, and advised him not to go home
until he saw the gentlemen with whom he paired.
He said it had not occurred to him; but, in a sub-
sequent part of the day, he told me he had acted
on my suggestion, and had seen them, and had
made an arrangement.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In connection with what
the Senator says, as one of the gentlemen who
paired off with his colleague, I will say that it
was very unequivocal; because it was understood
by both of us that if extended through the exec-
utive session. I am, 1 believe, with the Senatyr
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] paired with him
upon certain matters that it is not necessary to
m< ntion here.
Mr. HALE. I anticipated just exactly this
state of tilings; and I suggested to him that he
had better see to it; and he told me aftet wards
that he irid.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That was expressly un-
derstood.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permis-
sion ofthe Senator from Maine, I will state that
I paired off with his colleague [Mr. Hamlin]
with tho distinct understanding that it was to ex-
tend through the executive session. The pair
was made one day last week, Thursday or Fri-
day; and expcctmg there would be an executive
session, we Yeferrcd ^o some things that would
come up, and knowing we should be on opposite
sides, I paired off with him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That settles the question
undoubtedly as to those two Senators. I will
only say in addition, that I had a conversation
with Mr. Bingham myself shortly before he left
on-this subject, and told him we should probably
have to remain here, and that he ought not to go
home under the circumstances without pairing,
and he told me he had paired off with two gentle-
men upon certain matters which we all under-
stand, and was therefore perfectly safe in going,
and had entire confidencc that that agreement
would be carried out.
Mr. SLIDELL. I never think it worth while
to cite either facts or witnesses to confirm any-
thing that I chose to state on my own responsi-
bility; but I will say, simply to elucidate my view
of this matter, that when the question of the veto •
message on the homestead bill came up, although
it was supposed thata majority might bo obtained
in the Senate to pass it over the veto of the Pres-
ident, I never sought to obtain an additional pair
on the other side of the Senate. It never occurred
to me to do so. It was a contingency that I never
anticipated at all; and, as I said before, when my
pair was made with Mr. Bingham, I had not the
slightest expectation of an extra session.
Mr. BRAGG. When was it made ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I will not be very sure about
thedates. I think it was on Wednesday; because
I had endeavored, ineffectually, to obtain a pair
before going over to Baltimore, and I was absent
two or three days, and returned on Wednesday,
and then Mr. IBingiiam suggested this to me,
which I accepted. Now, as I said before, I will
defer 
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question: whether, taking all the cir-
cumstances into consideration, he does not think
that the Senator from Michigan supposed it ex-
tended to whatever business would come before
the Senate.?
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not think it occurred
either to the Senator from Michigan or to myself,
that there would be an extra session. There is
nothing that I yield to duress, nothing that I yield
to any sortof bravado; and the shaking of a head,
especially when there is nothing in it, has no ter-
ror forme; but, all things considered, I will decline
.voting, and that will remove the difficulty. 1 have
been informed that the Senator from Michigan
also paired with the Senator from Missouri, not
now m his seat, [Mr. Green.] and consequently,
in the vote on the homestead bill, cxercised a
power of four votes.
Mr. KING. While Senators are speaking on
this subject of pairing, I desire to state that my
colleague [Mr, Seward] is paired oiT by an un-
derstanding with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Polk,] and the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yu-
i.ri:,] upon this subject, and [ have conversed
with the Senators, who understand that the pair
will stand upon points in those treaties which are
objectionable, and that they will not vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will now remark that this
discussion has been entertained by the courtesy
and common consent of the Senate, but there is
no question pending before the Senate at this time.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. BRAGG If gentlemen are through with
their explanations, I hope I may be allowed to
take up a little resolution introduced by me the
other day, and which was referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, and repoited by them.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the following resolution:
Resolved, That any oleik to a standing committee of the
Senate, who was appointed during the month of December
last, of the late >:es^ion oi Congrt , shall iccejve the usual
per diem from the beginning of the session, in accordance
with the resolution of the Senate ofthe ^3d of Beccmbei,
1S57. •
Mr. BRAGG. Perhaps a word of explanation
is due from mo, as I introduced that resolution
at the request of one of these gentlemen. The
Senate will obser\e that it proposes to pay the
clerk,3 who were; not of the number of those who
are continued from Congress to Congress—pei-
manent clerks, in other words—and who were
