THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
my" friend from Virginia; but there are some facts
in connection with these armories which I desire
to hayc explained before X can vote for this ap-
propriation.
It peems ttiat up to the fiscal year ending June
30,1859, the appropriation for the national armo-
ries wasS400,000; and it is strange thatan amount
equal to half that sum has been appropriated for
repairs of machinery I would call the attention
of the House to this fact: that for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1859,'the appropriation for tire
national armories was §400,000, and the appro-
priation for repairs was $156,000. For the fiscal
year ending June 30, I860, the appropriation for
the armories-was $250,000, and the appropriation
for repairs was §108,000. Now, there must be
something wrong here. How is it possible that
the repairs of the machinery at the armories can
cost half the gross amount appropriated for the
manufacture of arms ?
Mr. BOTELER. I will answer the honorable
gentleman. There isa large amount of machinery,
&c.,made at these armories which is intended for
other works elsewhere. There is a large amount
of work done there independent of that upon guns,
upon materials that are used at other Government
works.
Mr. Q.UARLES. As I understand it, there
fire but two armories in the United States—ons at
Springfield and one at Harper's Ferry. Those
are the only two national armories recognized by
the Government, and for which appropriations
are made by law. There are arsenals in other
States; but there are no armories except those at
Springfield and Harper's Ferry.
Now, I submit it to the House, if it is just and
proper to maintain an institution, the repairs at
which cost more than half as much as the gross
amount appropriated for its support?
Now, (lus bill proposes an appropriation of
|250,000 for the manufacture of arms at the arm-
ories, and $108,000 to keep the machinery in rim-
ing order. I am not one of those who would
oppose the making of improvements in arms. I
am in favor of that. J Jut this cxccssivo expend-
iture for repairs is not right. The outlay for re-
pairs of machinery is entirely disproportioned to
the amonnt of arms manufactured. I desire that
some explanation should be made to the House,
that we may see and know why it is that the re-
pair of machinery here costs so much more than
it does in other departments. If manufacturers
generally had to make such expenditures for re-
pairs, no manufacturing could be carried on with
profit.
Mr. DELANO. I regret very much that we
are confined within the narrow limits of a five
minutes'debate for discussing this question. I can
answer the gentleman from Tennessee, I think,
to his entire satisfaction, and to the satisfaction
of the House; and all that is necessary to this an-
swer is to bear in mind what I stated yesterday,
that iu the year 1855 the model tor the manufac-
ture of infantry arms was wholly changed; that
the cost, not only of buildings but of new ma-
chinery, was greatly increased by that change;
and that the Government, in fact, then entered
upon an enlarged preparation for the manufacture
of arms upon this newly-established model, at the
rate of $400,000a year, and were, in 1858-59, just
in readiness for the manufacture of that amount
when Congress cut down the appropriation. The
state of things then, is the state of tilings now—
that is, with these preparations made and the ma-
chinery in part manufactured, but the manufac-
ture not completed, the Committee of Ways and
Means now propose to reduce the appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. J believe 1 am now entitled,
in my own right, to five minutes in opposition to
the amendment. I was proceeding to say, that i
in 1855, when the change in the model of arms
took place, it necessarily superseded the use of
the old arms already manufactured. The Gov-
ernment then had on hand some seven hundred
thousand stand of arms, distributed at the various
arsenals of the country—some twenty-four in
number, I believe. And I have the authority of
the Secretary of War for saying that seven hun-
dred thousand is the lowest admissible equip-
ment, and that that number should be at all
times maintained. It titus became necessary to
procure much new machinery for the purpose of
entering on the manuiacture of arms under the
new model, to take the place of the seven hundred
thousand which had been discarded. From 1855
to the present time, the Government, exercising a
prudent economy, has been accomplishing this
object, and it is out of that fact that the increased
expenditure at the present time has become neces-
sary.
Now, sir, if these facts are as stated; if, as ap-
pears from the report of the Secretary of War,
this seven hundred thousand stand of arms of
the old pattern must be replaced by those of the
new pattern, and if there are only fifty thousand
of the now model, which have already been man-
ufactured, it will be seen at once that, instead of
the emergency being less, instead of reducing the
appropriations, the emergency is greater, and the
manufacture ought to be increased tenfold. That
is the point of view in which I ask the House to
look upon this question; and which I desire to
press upon the attention of gentlemen.
The old model discarded by the War Depart-
ment in 1855 was a smooth-bore musket, effective
only at two hundred yards, while the new reg-
ulation musket and infantry arm which super-
seded it was the rifle-musket, effective at -from
seven hundred to a thousand yards. The manu-
facture of that arm has comparatively but just
commenced; and it is becauso we have discarded
the old, and are as yet equipped with only fifty
thousand of the new, that I yesterday declared to
the House, and to-day again declare, that we arc,
as a nation, practically disarmed; and the appro-
priation, instead of being diminished, ought to be
increased.
[llcrc the hammer fell.]
Mr. Q.UARLES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out "$400,000" and inserting
"$399,000."
Mr. Chairman, I sincerely hope that the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Virginia
will prevail. 1 am satisfied that the present emer-
gency of public affairs requires that the manufac-
ture of aims by this Government should not bo
diminished.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman allow me
to refer the committee to the report of the Secre-
tary of War, of 1854?
Mr. HUGHES. I prefer to go on with what
I have to say. I am satisfied, by some little ex-
perience in military matters, that it is absolutely
necessary that we should mcrcase the manufac-
ture of arms by the Government, of a proper pat-
('■iii, and of a proper form, for the service of the
Army. 1 believe thatcven the sum now proposed
would be inadequate to that purpose. It is cer-
tain that we have not arms enough now, nor shall
we have enough from the appropriation in this
bill to place a respectable force in the field, if it
should be necessary to do so, armed with efficient
weapons.
Sir, wo are on the eve of great events. Any
man who does not discover it must be blind to
the signs of the times. The whole world is arm-
ing; if not on this continent, certainly in Europe.
Extraordinary progress has been made in the
construction of improved arms within the last few
years, the effects of which we have seen in the
recent campaign ill Europe. We do not know at
what moment we may bo involved in difficulties
with other nations which may result in war.
War is even now ready to break out in Europe,
and no one can tell how soon we may be involved
in it. Why, sir, I believe we have but forty
thousand or fifty thousand stand of arms of an
improved pattern.
I belie1* e an objection lias been raised to the
amount expended upon repairs and machinery.
Now, sir, it seems to me that we should either
make our armories efficient, that we should give
ample means for the construction of the best im-
proved arms, or we should abolish them alto-
gether,and trustto purchasing them in the market;
and everyone who understands the requirements
of the Army knows that that would be the worst
possible system we could adopt. You would not
be able to get proper arms for the military service;
you would be obliged to take up with bad pat-
terns. The Government would have no control
over the private establishments for tin1 manufacture
of them. The only mode by which our troops can
be supplied with aims adequate for the service,
is under the present system; and the question
now is, whether we aie to reduce the amount of
appropriation so as to make our armories of little
value. ,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Hughes.] I desire merely to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that many of the
most efficient arms now in use by our Army are
those not manufactured at the national armories.
We do not manufacture a single pistol that is used
by our mounted troops.
Mr. DELANO. Will-the gentleman allow me
a single word?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; I have but five min-
utes, and 1 cannot be interrupted. I say that this
Government does not manufacture a single pistol
now used by our mounted troops. I do not refer
to those old long single-barrel pistols which were
in use at one time; but I refer to Colt's repeater,
with which our entire cavalry force is now armed;
and it is one of the most efficient arms that can
be placed in the fluids of these troops. And, sir,
many of the arms -used by the infantry are not
those manufactured at our armories. There is the
Sharpe's rifle, which has proved to be a very
efficient arm for a long range; but I am not pre-
pared. to say that that is the best arms which is
now manufactured. There is the May mird breech -
loadmg arm, which is efficient at a range of seven
hundred yards, and which has been found of great
use in the cavalry service from the ease with which
it can be loaded and discharged, even when in the
hands of an inexperienced man; and you have
many other improved patterns, not manufactured
at the national armories, which are preferable to
any manufactured by the Government. New pat-
ents are taken out every year for new improve-
ments. Why, then, increase the appropriation
for manufacturing these guns, which are not as
good as those which have recently been invented ?
You only maintain your armories for the purpose
of keeping experienced workmen.
But the private armories of the country manu-
facture a much better arm than that manufac-
tured at the national armories—far better than the
smooth-bore musket. I ask whether it is not ex-
pedient for the Government, after having tested
the several recent inventions in arms, to procure
the inventors of those that are best suited for the
service of the United States to manufacture at the
national armories the number which may be need-
ed? I am informed that the patent granted to
Colonel Colt for his improvement in fire-arms will
soon expire; perhaps it has already expired, and
ifit has, the Government may at once commence,
the manufacture of Colt's repeating pistols at the
national armories. Those pistols are used not,
only in the Army of the United States, but in the
Navy of the United States; and the number needed
are purchased m open market, just precisely as
any private citizen would purchase them.
Mr. Chairman, I have briefly stated the reason
why I am opposed to making a larger appropria-
tion for the support and maintenance of the na-
tional armories than is provided in this bill. We
have followed the estimates submitted to us by
the Secretary of ^ar, and the ruling of the House
made at the last session of Congress. At the
last session the question was presented whether
$250,000 or $400,000 should be appropriated for
these armories, and it was decided that no more
than $250,000 should be appropriated.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Delano] and the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Botli.er] have told us that there are at the
Harper's Ferry Armory, and at the Springfield
Armory, experienced workmen in the employ of
the Government, and that it is important that
those men should be. retained in the service of the
Government. I have already suggested in the
debate of yesterday, a plan by which that object
may be accomplished. It is this: expend the
$200,000, appropriated for arming the militia, m
the manufacture of arms at the national armories,
instead of going into the market and purchasing
them from the private, armories for distribution
among the several States Jnd Territories. I ran
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Hughes,] and equally opposed
to the amendment of thegentlcman from Virginia,
[Mr. Boti-lek ]
Mr. HUGHES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment
