1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
Mr. BOTELER. I have an amendment to
propose.
Mr. PHELPS. Let some gentleman submit an
amendment, and then the gentleman can speak in
opposition to it. He can get in his remarks in
that way.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to submit an amend-
ment. , „
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the floor
Mr. BOTELER. I do not now claim it.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to strike out the whole
paragraph, which is in these words:
For the manufacture of arms at the national armories,
$250,000.
Mr. Chairman, I know of my own knowledge
that the Government is employing private arm-
ories in the manufacture of arms, and that at those
private armories it has its own inspectors. It is
proved thatarms are manufactured cheaper at pri-
vate armories than they are at the national arm-
ories, where the Government has been at a heavy
expense in constructing buildings, and erecting
costly machinery. I hope that my amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. BOTELER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] has laid great stress upon the
official recommendation which comcs to us from
the Secretary of War. Let me read, sir, what
his recommendation really is. Although this ap-
propriation is sent here under estimates, yet it
will be perceived that this appropriation docs not
meet the real wishes of the Department. Here
is what the Secretary says:
" I have ordered the estimates from the bureau of ord-
nance to be made mainly in conformity to the policy which
the action of the last Congress seemed to indicate by its ap-
propriations. I cannot forbear to express the opinion, how-
ever, that to abridge the manufacture of arms is, to say the
least, a measure of very doubtful economy, and, may prove
in the end to be both dangerous and expensive. A foreign
war would create an immediate demand lor an Immense
number of arms, probably enough, nearly, to strip all our
arsenals, and to require the purchase of further supplies
from private manufacturers, at whose mercy the Govern-
ment would be, m the emcigt/neies of wai.
" Resides the mannfaetuio of arms, other expenses aro
necessarily incurned in experiments and improvements in
tliem which are of the greatest importance to the service
of the country. That constant progress in th<j improvement
of arms and other appliances of waifaie which has of late
chaiacterized the military seiviee of other nations, has
been, up to this time, no less active in ours."
If the recommends tion of the Secretary of War
is to control in this matter, then the ground I take
is impregnable. According to that recommenda-
tion, any reduction of the estimates or appropria-
tions heretofore made will be "most dangerous
and expensive" in the end.
Now, sir, T do know, from my own personal
knowledge of the effects of the legislation of last
year at the Harper's Ferry Armory that, if the
appropriation is passed as it came from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, it will be not only
dangerous to the best interests of the country, but
most disastrous to that Armory itself. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Srinner] might as well be at once adopted.
When my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Etii-
eiudge] yesterday made a speech in opposition
to the amendment, I really thought at the time
that he was in earnest. I had forgotten, sir, that
he was a gentleman of " infinite jest, of most ex-
cellent fancy;" that he was a joker of jokes, over-
flowing with "jests and youthful jollity, with
quipsand cranks and wanton wiles." It did not
occur to me until I had read his remarks as they
are reported in the Globe of this morning, that
he was only, as the children say, " playing pcr-
tenty." He could not have been in earnest, sir,
in opposing my amendment; and I owe him an
apology, which I now tender, for not having rec-
ognized that fact yesterday. He could not have
been in earnest in making the opposition he did,
any more than my friend from New York [Mr.
SriNNEit] is now in earnest in his motion to strike
out the entire paragraph.
Mr. SPINNER. I was never more in earnest
in my life.
Mr. BOTELER. Thejj the gentleman has but
a very few steps further to go in his direction.
Raze your fortifications to the ground, dismantle
your Navy, haul down your (lag, and submit to
the insults and aggressions of the smallest, weak-
est, meanest of the nations of the world !
Mr, SPINNER. The difference between the
gentleman and myself is as to the relative cheap-
ness of day work and work by contract; I take
the latter, and argue in favor of the purchase of
arms, as we know they can now be and are, pur-
chased cheaper at the private armorioe than they
can be manufactured at the national armories.
Mr. BOTELER. I agree with the gentleman
from Missouri, that this Government is not bound
to find employment for laborers; but, sir, I do
contend tlrat it is bound, to protect those whom it
has employed. The artisans at Harper's Ferry
have been employed by the Government. They
have been induced by the Government, for a cer-
tain purpose, to tako up their residence there.
They have made permanent investments there,
under the auspices of the Government. After they
have done all this, Mr. Chairman; after they have
cast their fortunes there for life; a proposition is
made to withhold the appropriation which affords
them the poor privilege of earning their daily
bread by the sweat of their brow in the service of
the Government.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to offer an
amendment, if it is in order.
Tli CHAIRMAN. The motioif of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Spinner] is to strike
out the entire paragraph. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Boteleu] is to
strike out a part of the paragraph and to insert.
The Chair- holds that the question must first be
taken upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, for the perfection of the paragraph; and
the Chair further holds that that amendment is in
order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to reduce
the appropriation fifty dollars.
Mr. Chairman, T concur in the propriety of the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Spinner,] to strikeout the entire section. 1 have
long been of opinion that there was no more rea-
son for the Government manufacturing guns for
our soldiers than there was for its erecting tailor
establishments and making their coats and other
clothes, or building shoemaker shops and manu-
facturing their own shoes and boots.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I rise to a
point of order. I understand that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois was to in-
crease the appropriation. He is not speaking in
support of that proposition.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. No, sir; I moved
to reduce it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have heard, Mr.
Chairman, no reason assigned which would in-
duce me, even if these armories arc continued, to
vote for an increase of appropriation. Ithas been
said that dangers threaten us; but no single fact
has been adduced to show that we need an in-
crease of arms anywhere, or at any point; and I
do not think we should act on suppositions. I
do not believe, either, that we do need them now,
and when we do there will be no difficulty in ob-
taining a supply readily. In a case like the pres-
ent, we should not inquire whether it is proper
for the Government to furnish employment for
individuals, but what our duty to the country is.
The simple question that we are called upon to
determine is, whether there is a necessity for an j
increase of arms? Where is the evidence of it?
I have heard no argument adduced, allow me to
repeat, to satisfy any one of such necessity. But
I will not discuss the point. I did not rise for
that purpose, but to express my cordial concur-
jence in the piuposition of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Spinner.] If the appropriation
is withheld, it will be an important point gained.
The armories and navy-yards are cancers on the
body-politic, and lead to incalculable moral and
political evils, and ought to be stricken from ex-
istence. When we want a vessel, we should
buy it. When we want arms, we ought to buy
them. Leave ail, sir, to individual enterprise,
and not allow the Government to come in com-
petition with it. Experience has shown that the
Government is not adapted to the business of carT
lying on the manufacture of arms, the construc-
tion of vessels, the building of railroads, or any
work of that kind, and the sooner it rids itself of
it the better. It is now hanging as a mill-stone
about its neck, and will sink it if anything can.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me to put him one question ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. DELANO. ' The gentleman speaks of the
advantages of the contract system. Now, I ask
the gentleman if he does not know that this very
matter was fully considered in 1853? It will bo
found, that in the Army appropriation bill of'that
year, the Secretary of War, wag instructed to in-
quire whether the national armories should not be
dispensed with and the contract'system adopted';
and the report of the Secretary and the subsequent
votes of Congress were emphatically againk the '
proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask leave to with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois; and I will
state one or two facts. This bill appropriates
about six hundred thousand dollars for these two
armories. The amount is usually divided between
them. One of them is located in Massachusetts;
the other in Virginia. The amount included in this
bill is the same as that appropriated last year;
and is the sum estimated for by the Department.
Four years ago the amount appropriated to the
armories was $400,000 instead of #250,000. "Be-
fore that $360,000 had been given; but from 1855,
and for some years, no more than $200,000 or
$250,000 had been appropiated to these armories.
The aihount now proposed is the same as that
given last year, and no greater amount has ever
been given, except for two years—1857 and 1858.
I think the committcc isprepared tovote nowon
this question. If the gentlemen who have spoken
in favor of an increased appropriation have made
any impression on the cominittce; and if the com-
mittee think that a great necessity exists for this
increased appropriation, it can adopt the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia. The
committee is now prepared to vote. I hope the
question will be now taken on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Spinner;] and if that is agreed to, the whole mat-
ter can be determined in the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask leave to with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Morris's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, by striking
out "$400,000," and inserting in lieu thereof
" $398,000." I desire to say to the committee that
in the year 1859 there was an appropriation of
$400,000 made for these two armories. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who represents the
Springfield district, states that the repairs, for
which I find appropriations in this bill and run-
ning through all the other bills, were rendered
necessary because of improvements in machinery
adopted in 1855. Now, I find that, for the year
1859, the Springfield armory gets §55,000 for re-
pairs, and the Harper's Ferry armory $101,000;
and that for the year 1860 the Springfield armory
gets §53,000 for repairs, and the Harper's Ferry
armory §55,000; and this bill proposes to give
§63,000 to the Springfield armory, and §65,000 to
the Harper's Ferry armory, for repairs to the same
machinery. Now,Idonotunder."itandthis. When
arc we to get rid of this expense for repairs of
machinery—for improvements which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts says were adopted in
1855? Where is this to end ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is now discussing a proposition
which is not before the committee. It will be up
in a few minutes, and he will then have an op-
portunity to discuss it.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I merely desire to answer
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a point of or-
der that the Chair can decide.
Mr. CtUARLES. It is certainly germane to
the question. It is in relation to the appropria-
tions for the armories. I am not for abolishing
our national armories. I think it is necessary that
we should have men in the employment of the
Government who are acquainted with the manu-
facture of arms; that we should foster this branch
of industry; that we should have men capable of
making as good arms as can be made in any other
nation. For that reason we should have this
