I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
Mi*. WRIGHT. I do not, sir. I do not locate
the honorable gentleman from North Carolina
among the Black Republicans.
Mr. STOIvES. I wish to ask my colleague
whether he means to be understood that an anti-
Ijfcompton man is a popular sovereignty man?
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not understand that those;
gentlemen here who are called anti-Lecompton
men are for popular sovereignty. But I wish to
call the attention of the country to the fact that
my colleague will not vote for an anti-Lecompton
Democrat, even, I suppose, for the most national
of them, to defeat the candidate of the Abolition-
ists, who has advised, by indorsing the Helper
book, the slaves in his district to cut the throats
and burn the houses of his constituents.
Sir, it is a fact well known to the country by
this time, that these Democrats from the North,
whom my colleague says he will never vote for,
agree with the most southern men here on all save
one question. Those men stand here ready, with
the men of the youth, to oppose all attempts on
the part of the Abolitionists and Black Republi-
cans to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, in the arsenals or dock-yards of the United
States. They arc ready and willing to unite with
us of the South in demanding a faithful observance
and execution of the fugitive slave law. They are
readyand willing to vote for the admission of any
slave State, whenever its people shall, by then-
constitution legally formed,'express their desire
so to be admitted. Ay, sir, and but for the pres-
ence of these very men on this floor, as Repre-
sentatives of the North, long ere this John Sher-
man the Abolitionist, John Sherman the Black
Republican, and indoiser of the Helper hook of
murder, treason, and insurrection, would have
occupied- that scat as Speaker of the American
Congress. On every question save one, which the
country understands to be before Congress for its
legislative action, these gentlemen agree with the
most southern men here; ana yet my colleague
says he will not vote for one of them, even to
defeat John Sherman, the candidate of the Black
Republicans.
Mr. STOKES. Does not my colleague under-
stand the difference btetween popular sovereignty
men and ahti-Lecompton men ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I think I do, sir. I under-
stand them, in one sense of the word, to be qnn
and the some. But, to continue the line I have
laid out for myself, I return to the speech of my
colleague. In his remarks the other day, he seemed
to be particularly anxious to show wherein he dif-
fered from the Democratic party, whilst he did not
concern himself to advise us wherein he joined
issue with the Black Republicans. But he was
very particular in stating what measures of public
policy he and the Black Republicans concurred in.
Ho says he agrees with the Black Republicans on
the question of the Union, on the corruptions of
this Administration, and 011 the subject of the tariff.
He might very well have added, that he agrees
with them on the question of washbowls and
towels, looking-glasses and tables, hair-brushes
and soap, which latter articles were mode the great
overruling questions by the candidate for the
office of Governor, of my colleague, in the late
elections in Tennessee.
I suppose, when my colleague says he agrees
with the Black Republicans on the subject of the
tariff, he means that he and his party are ready
and willing to vote to tax the people of Tennessee,
in order to put money into the hands of northern
capitalists; that he is ready and willing to raise the
taxes on the poor farmers, who cultivate the hill-
sides and valleys of the mountain country in his
district, twenty or thirty per cent., to make them
pay the additional price for the iron hoes and
plows by which they earn a livelihood, in order
that the "rich ironmongers of the North may be
made richer, and the poor people of Tennessee
made poorer, and this under the pretense of pro-
tecting American industry. It was a remarkable
development, thai, after mv colleague had indulged
in this sentiment, when he commenced his stereo-
typed song to the Union, which everybody un-
derstands, the only party on this floor which is
seeking to destroy this Union, (I mean the Black
Reoubhcans,) and whose principles point in that
direction, gave him their applause.
Now, sir, I have no earthly objection to any-
body applauding a good sentiment, but it becomes
mo on this occasion to inquire why the real dis-
uniomsts, why the Republicans should append
myVsolleague? Sir, I am of opinion %that these
gentlemen of the Helper programme, if they love
the*Union at all, which 1 deny, are actuated by
quite different feelings and motives from those
which actuate my colleague a&d myself. Wo love
the Union because it is the work of our fathers;
because it is the result of the Constitution; be-
cause it was intended to confer equality of rights,
privileges, and benefits on all the members of the
Confederacy. But, why do these Black Repub-
licans love ttJ Ls it because they love the Con-
stitution? No, sir. If they had to make a Con-
stitution to-day, they would leave out every clause
which gives protection to southern rights and
southern property. They would ledvc out the
clause which gives us representation of slaves,
which gives us the right to reoo\rer fugitive slaves
or runaway negroes. Sir, they do not love the
Constitution; they hate it, loathe it, despise it, and
they know it. They only desire to preserve the
Union m order to make it an engine of oppression
to the southern people. They only desire to keep
my colleague and myself in the Union, and to
keep our constituents in the Union, in order to
make us pay taxes. They know that two thirds
of the tuxes which are collected to support this
Government come off the hard earnings of the
southern people, and therefore they say they are
for the Union. It is not because they love us or
our people. No, sir. They would be glad to see
those who have more coinage than themselves
cut our throats and burn our houses. They hate
the South; and the only reason why they do not
exemplify their hatred is because of their avarice
and cowardice. That party applauded my col-
league; a party which, but four years ago, elected
a man to preside over this House (Mr. Banks, of
Massachusetts) who was an open and avowed
disuniomst; a man who had declared that he was
willing to 44 let the Union slide." He was ap-
plauded by that party, a majority of the members
of which on this floor have indorsed and recom-
mended a book which teaches treason, murder,
and insurrection; that party, whose constituents
at home have held public meetings indorsing the
act of John Brown and his gang of thieving and
murderous traitors in invading a sovereign State,
committing treason against its government, and
murdering its citizens.
As my colleague did not in his remarks consider
it necessary to define what he understood to be
the principles and policy of the Black Republican
party, and show wherein he differed from that
party, I hope I maybe allowed to state very briefly,
in tlie presence of that party, what I conceive "to
be its piesent principles and ultimate aims:
1. They declare that Congress has sovereign
power over all the Territories of the United
States, for their government, and that it is the
right and the duty of Congress to exclude all my
colleague's constituents, and all the people of the
South, from going to these Territories and carry-
ing their property with them.
2. They propose to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and in all the dock-yards and
arsenals of the United States.
3. They, through many of their Representa-
tives here, deny the constitutionality of the fugi-f
tive slave law,* though the Constitution plainly
says, in substance, that fugitive slaves shall bo
given up, and by laws passed in many of the
Black Republican States, refuse to execute it; and
by their press and their orators advise armed
resistance to its execution. They circulate and
indorse books calculated to produce servile insur-
rection and civil war, and actually armed and
equipped a hostile body of men in the North, who
have invaded a sovereign State, committed treason
against its government, and murdered its citizens.
And here, Mr. Clerk, lef me ask why was Vir-
ginia invaded, and her sons murdered by these
Black Republican traitors? What had she done
to deserve this unkmdness5 She had/with a lib-
erality unprecedented m the history of sovereign
States, surrendered an empire of her lawful ter-
ritory to the North. Out of this territory many
States have been formed—States not holding
slaves. I ask again, why should Virginia have
been selected as the first victim of Black Republican
vengeance5 Sir, it was because her sons have
ever been faithful guardians of the Constitution;
because after having made liberal gifts to anti-sla-
very, she was unwilling to surrender also the
graves of he'f children to the 6#
traitors; - - * . « -
And yet mote; through their great chieftain aiid
probable candidate for the Pr££idehcy, ^Mr.
ard,1 the^ declare that thef£ !i's a higheV la^-t^&fi
the Constitution-which rfcgulateg 'ft$r-E*UtH(5my;
over thd domain rand devotes it'to th<?MitiG'
purposes. - • 5 >
Again, Mr. Seward s&'ys: ' •
a Reform your own code, e*t6ftd a cordial
the fugitive who lays his weary limbs at your door, attdr
defend him as you would your paternal gods. Correct ycair
own error that slavery has any constitutional guarantee
which may not be released, and wftidtt ought not to'be re-
linquished
He says, further:
" Slavery can and must be abolishedah8 foii aiM I
must do it " ' -
Sir, I believe I am justified by the facts iflas-
serting that it is the ultimate aim and object of the
Black Republican party, not only to strike doWft
the rights of property m the southern States, atvd'
rob our people of their lawful property, but, sif,
to either degrade the white men and women" td £h6
level of the negro, or attempt to elevate Jiegrtf'e#-
to the level of the whites. Sir, in the State of Mag-*-'
sachusetts, where the Black Republicans hav@'
control, I understand this to be thd case rfoW;'
I understand that no legal obstacle exists why
negroes should not be militiamen, jurors*,judges,
Governors, and members of Congress. i under-
stood from the gentleman from Massachusetts,-
[Mr. Dawes,] Who spoke the other day, that' ftr
Massacliuscttsitwcisnot considered proper toptias
laws preventing negroes and white people front
marrying, and that they were on-an equality now
in that State. Sir, the present Govcrilor of that
State (Mr. Banks) declared upon this floor, in the
presence of the American Congress and people,
that the question of the equality of the whites and
negroes was a question of endurance,'and must be
determined by waiting to see whether the white
race would absorb the black or the black the white.
Sir, if this revolting programme of the Black Re-
publican party be ever practically carried out, it
will not be difficult for my colleague to look into
the future, and behold that gallant and brave con-
stituency of his reduced to the level of the negro,
or tho negro elevated to an equality with them.
And yetrsir, my colleague fcay^ and prides hirri-
self in saying;, that under no circumstances is he
willing to resist  '
Mr. STOKES. I said that I -was txftwillidg
dissolve the Union for any cause.
Mr. WRIGHT. I say, sir, that I have the
exact language of my colleague here, as reported
in the Globe, and he says that for no cause what-
ever, no, never, will he agree to dissolve this'
Union.
Mr. STOKES. Then my colleague has cer-
tainly not read my speech. I am very happy
that my colleague has alluded to that point, and
I am exceedingly obliged to him for yielding me
the fioor for a few moments'. • I stated hefe that-
1 was not in favor of disunion; that I was opposed
to any disruption of these States. I said 1 would
not agree to dissolve this Union for any cause
whatever.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well; that amounts to
the same thing. I did not desire to misstate your
position.
Mr. STOKES. Hold on. I have' the florfr
just now. I uttered, Mr. Clerk, the sentimerit
uttered by the Sage of Ashland. When asked
the question when he would consent to dissolve
this Union, the Sage of Ashland replied, "Never,
never, never; no, never, will I consent to do it.'*
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, I hope my colleague
is through. I wish to procccd.
Mr. STOKES. I have not finished yet.
Mr WRIGHT. J cannot yield for the gen*
tlcman to make a speech and inject it into mine.
He has stated what he said, and that is all her
ouiyht to desire to do.
Mr. STOKES. I never uttered in my speech,
I never uttered on this floor, the sentiment that I
would not resist aggression from the North, or
from any other quarter against my State or my
people. No, sir. No, sir, if the jfrorth, having
the power, pass a law which inflicts an injury upon
tho people whom I represent, or upon the people
of my State, I would resist the execution of that
law, and I would go to the extreme to resist it.
But. Mr. Clerk, I would resist it in the Umwa.,
and not out of it. I indor&s sir, the language ot
