8308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
committee do, and- that the brief explanation I
h£ve given comprises the'whole question. It is
simply to pay thirty ccnts an acre for land which
we have already acquired by treaty, which will
give to the Indians about $192,000. That is the
approximate estimate. It cannot vyy much more
than one or two thousand dollars from that.
- Mr. President, it is necessary to determine this
matter at once, as murders and depredations are
taking* place there in consequence of the unde-
termined character of this right. It is not ex-
pected that money will be appropriated by a
resolution of the Senate; but the right can be de-
termined in accordance with the submission by
the Indians and the Government of the United
States to the Senate as arbiter or umpire. It is a
very plain question, and I hope it will not be
postponed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand the gen-
tleman from Minnesota and the chairman of the
committee very differently on this subject. One
thinks the land belongs to the Government, and
the other, if I understand him, says it belongs to
the Indians, and will belong to the Indians until
they get paid for it. Are we going to decide this
question at such a time as this? It is strange,
passing strange, that a question of such com-
plexity, even upon their own statements, in
which laws and amendments of laws are invoked
to explain it, should be called up at this moment;
and how are we to understand it*ft such a time
especially? As to these Indian murders, and ad
that, there is not much difficulty about that. It
is very easy to raise alarms of this sort when a
little gentle force is necessary to pass appropria-
tions. I do not think we should act on this sub-
ject at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
postpone the further consideration of these reso-
lutions until the first Monday of December next.
The motion was not agreed to.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the resolutions.
The question being put, on a division, there
were—ayes 19, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bright, fliown, Chan-
dler, Ohesnut, Doolittlc, Durkee, Foot, (Jwin, tlnlc, Ham-
mond, Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson, Johnson of Atkan&as,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Rice, Sebastian, Simmons, Stunner, Ten JSyek, Trumbull,
Wad«, Wilkinson, VVikon, mid Yulcc—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Crittenden, Davis, Fessenden, Fitzpat-
riek, King, and Mason—G.
So the resolutions were passed.
LIEUTENANT IVES'S REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS. Some time since the Committee
on Printing reported in favor of printing the
usual number of the survey of Lieutenant Ives
of the Colorado river. I now send to the Chair
a resolution providing for the printing of extra
copies. The expense of composition and enslav-
ing has already been incurred. An estimate'"from
the Superintendent of Public Printing accompa-
nies the resolution.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to,
as follows:
Retolvedy That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, ten thousand extra copies of the leport of Lieutenant
J. C. Ives, topographical engineer*, upon the survey of
the Colorado; and that five hundred copies be printed for
the use of the War Department, and fivu hundred lot the
use of the ofltccr commanding the expedition.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. GWIN. I ask leave to offer a resolution.
Mr. YULEE. I object. I am not willing that
wo shall conclude the session without concluding
the business. I am not, of course, at liberty to
state the reasons for my objection; but I object to
the resolution.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from California must
be read, of course.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved^ That a committee, to consist of two members,
be appointed to wan on the President of the United States
and inform him that, unless he may have further commu-
nications to make, the Senate is now ready to close it?* ses-
sion by an adjournment.
Mr. YULEE. I object to the consideration of
the resolution.
Mr. GWIN. Very well; let us go into exec-
utive session, and we can cloise xvp the business
in ten minutes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope we shall have
a vote on the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tfce Senator
from Florida objects to its present consideration.
PACIFIC RAILROAD' REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report back, without amend-
ment, the following order, and recommend its
Ordered, That the same number of the eleventh volume
of the Pacific railroad report, containing the maps and charts
of the surveys for a railroad from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific Ocean, as of the preceding volumes, be printed
for the use of the Senate.
That volume contains the maps, charts, and
engravings, and there have been no extra copies
ordered.
Mr. BRAGG. Plow many of the preceding
volumes were there printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know.
Mr. HALE. I can tell the Senator. Ten thou-
sand.
Mr. BRAGG. I object to the consideration of
the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
being objected to, it lies over, under the rule.
Mr. £>AVIS. { hope the objection will be
withdrawn iri order that the motion of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island may be considered. The
case is simply this: we have published a certain
number of cach volume of the explorations except
the volume which contains the maps. The maps
might have been very valuable without the text;
the text cannot be valuable without the maps.
They are not merely the general maps, but they
arc the detailed maps of the route, showing the
profiles or sections—all that enters into the true
consideration of the availability of a particular
route for a railroad. Those who have the text
surely should have the maps.
Mr. HALE. And I would add further, Mr.
President, that the cost for the maps and every-
thing of that sort, has all been incurred already,
and the usual number has been printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina withdraw his objec-
tion ? '
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to know, before
I withdraw the objection, what tins printing is
really to cost. We have been so much deceived
by matters of this kind, or at least those have
been who have been here before me, that I should
like to have something moic than a mere recom-
mendation of the committee that this eleventh
volume be printed.
Mr, ANTHONY. The reason that I am not
able to explain this resolution so fully as I should,
is, that it was intrusted to the chairman of the
committee to report it, but he is now absent, and
as the session seemed to be about closing, I re-
ported it with the assent of my colleague upon the
committee. The committee had agiood to report
it. I have not the estimate, and I have not seen
the estimate. We printed ten thousand volumes
of the text, all referring to certain maps. Now,
this volume contains the maps. If this volume is
not to be printed, the others ought not to have
been. The others are waste paper almost without
this one. This contains the maps that are referred
to in the preceding volumes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
North Carolina will withdraw his objection. It
must be evident to everybody who has seen this
volume that it is absolutely necessary to render
the others valuable—and they arc exceedingly
valuble, if the work is completed—to have thia
additional number printed. By some oversight
or other, only the usual number was ordered.
Now, all the societies throughout the country,
which have this book in their libiaries, will be
without the most important part that communi-
cates a great deal of valuable information all over 1
the country. I am usually averse to printing I
books. I have been, I believe, as prudent, or i
tried to be, and as saving as anybody in this
matter; but I think it will he a waste of money
not to have the same number of this volume
printed. The plates are ail ready.
Mr. BRAGG. I wanted information, and I
have not got it yet, as to the cost.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nobody here
able to give it. Undoubtedly it will cost some
money; but the amount in dolfars and cents I can-
not state. It cannot be a very laige sum.
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to hear some ap-
proximation to the sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is out of my power to
give it.
Mr. BRAGG. This matter was referred to a
committee who are supposed to know something
about such things; and we have only a recom-
mendation from the committee that a large num-
ber, ten thousand or upwards, of this eleventh
volumeshould be printed, after it has been printed
once before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The plates are all ready,
and it is only necesssary to strike off an extra
number of copies.
Mr. BRAGG. I understand that with thosa
maps is contained a large number of birds, ani-
mals, &c.
Mr. HALE. It is not so. The Senator is
mistaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It contains maps entirely.
Mr. BRAGG. I have been so informed; I do
not know.
Mr. DAVIS. This is a volume of maps, with
the exception of a small amount of text of the
report of Lieutenant Ives upon the valley of the
YellowStone. The maps have all been engraved.
It is press-work, paper, binding, and stitching
alone, that we shall have to pay for. There is
no natural history in it; merely geography and
profile.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator from Maine stated
that these arc very valuable works. Well, sir, I
am but a very poor judge of such matters; but I
attach no value to them myself; and if this is to
cost a good deal of money, for one, I am opposed
to it. I have seen a great many of these volumes
scattered throughout the country, but have never
seen a man yet that has read them, and, what is
more, I do not expect to see that man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
content himself^vith opposing it, and not inter-
pose his solitary objection duiing the last mo-
ments of the session, when it may be all lost.
Mr. BRAGG. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion yet.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion is objected to, and lies over under the rule.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a remaik
upon the order which was offered by the Senator
from California. It strikes me that a single ob-
jection will not put that over until another day,
from the very nature of the order. The business
of the Senate is all concluded, and the rule in re-
gard to resolutions cannot apply to that. It is one
which, of its own nature, requires immediate ac-
tion. If there is no further business before the
Senate, it should not lie over a day on a single
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
exception in the rule. It is general in its terms.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a mere formal
order.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the interpretation of the
rule by.the Chair be correct, it would be impos-
sible to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To-morrow it
would not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Could I not move that
a committee be appointed to wait on the President
to notify him that we were ready to adjourn, un-
less he had some further business to send to
us? Would that lie over a day on an objection?
If there be an objection technically to it because
of its form, should I not escape that objection by
moving that a committee be appointed to wait on
the President ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the resolution and the rule.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Hcsolr.cd, That a committee, to consist of two members,
be appointed to wait 011 tiie PteMdent of the United States,
and hi form him that, ho may have some further com*-
nmnicatioii to make, the Senate is now ready to close its
by an adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will now read the rule.
Mr. FOOT. The resolution embodies nothing
more than what is an ordinary and simple motion,
and never lies over on an objection.
