1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and willing to make many more. Sir, I am will-
ing to make many more, so that I do not sur-
render the Constitution. I am willing to sacrifice
blood and treasure; yes, sir, I will do anything
save to make a base surrender of the Constitu-
tion, our equality and our just rights under it.
These, I trust, we will never yield. I hope never
to see the day when the brave, patriotic, and in-
domitable people of my beloved and honored
native State shall quietly, dishonorably, and cow-
ardly submit to the unconstitutional dictation of
a party of traitors, to be despoiled of their prop-
erty, deprived of their rights, and reduced to the
unenviable condition of beggars and suppliants
for justice, and that, too, in a Government where
they have the right to demand it.
Mr. Clerk, I have done.' The honorable gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill] requested me to
yield to him for a moment, to explain his position
on the point I alluded to in the beginning of my
remarks, and I do so, as the gentleman was not
present when I made the allusion.
Mr. HILL. In adebate, which sprung up here
about the 20th of December, I made some re-
marks which I have not referred to since. But I
do not often mistake my sentiments, and I meant
to say then what I say now. I think I stated on
that occasion that I was a Union man, or a south-
ern man with Union sentiments, and some pecu-
liar views. Among other things, I remember very
distinctly, I stated that if some person, disagree-
able to me on account of his political sentiments,
as obnoxious even as an Abolitionist, were ele-
vated constitutionally to the Presidency of the
United States, I would not regard it as sufficient
cause for disunion. I also stated, as I now re-
member, that there was a point, a grav;e one with
me, interested as I felt myself and my constitu-
ents to be in the institution of slavery, and it was
this: While 4 would not insist upon a general law
for the protection of slavery m all thcTerritories,
that whenever a case arose respcctmgaTerritory
where, by its location, it might be reasonably sup-
posed the institution of slavery would certainly
go and would exist, if it were not prohibited by
congressional action or by territorial legislation
under the peculiar doctrine of Senator Douglas,
and by either of these means it should be excluded
from such Territory, I would for that cause jom
the extreme men of the South, and call upon the
Government of the United States to give protec-
tion in such Territory to every species of prop-
erty. I did not say to what extreme measures
I would resort; but I do not scruple to say this,
-.hat whenever the day arrives that I am convinced
that either by congressional action or by pouring
anti-slavery votes upon a southern Territory, the
institution of slavery is prevented from extending
itself beyond its present limits, I will unite with
southern men of extreme character to resist such
an injustice.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman
from Georgia has stated substantially what I un-
derstood his position to be. I now thank the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale] for the
courtesy he has shown in yielding to me,and the
House for its attention.
Mr. HILL. But I beg to add right here, that
at the same time 1 do not belong to that class which
indulges in menaces; not at all.
My friends will pardon me for saying that
speeches havebeen made on this side ofthe Cham-
ber which do not meet my views of expediency or
good taste. Certainly there will be others made
on the other side, if threats are carried out, which
will be much more repugnant to me. I deprecate
all these things. I think they arc; hurtful to the
Union. I, this morning, propounded an inquiry
to a gentleman over the way from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Edwards,] who, it seems to me, did
not exactly comprehend the purport of it. An-
other gentleman I have in my eye, regretted that
thf question was not propounded to hmi. It was
this: while complaining of the extreme denunci-
atory tone of southern Representatives toward the
North, I asked him if it was not speeches of the
character of which he was complaining, that he
and his associates took peculiar pains to dissem-
inate among the people of the free States ? A gen-
tleman sitting near him wished I would ask hint
the question, because he could give me some in-
formation on the subject, saying, at the same
time, that ho had subscribed for one thousand
copies ofthe most ultra southern speeches he had
heard, for distribution in the North, whereby,as |
I suppose, to keep up the inflammatory state ofthe |
public mind. I replied that I ntfver sent an ill- ;
natured or irritating speech of northern men to my j
district. And I never will. \yhy? Because lam I
too great a lover of this Union, and of the institu- !
tions of this country. I am too strong a hoper and
believer in the good sense and toleration of the
people of this Union to believe that they will ever
madly precipitate themselves upon disunion. I
will love on, and love hopefully, trusting that the
day will yet come when the intelligence and prac-
ticability of the free States will bring them to the
conclusion that the institution of slavery is really
as essential to their prosperity as it is to the peo-
ple of the South. I believe it will be demonstrated
in God's own good time, and when that time does
come, the Union will be far stronger in the affec-
tions of the people of all sections than it is to-day.
That is what I ardently desire. I never seek to
inflame sectional feeling in any direction, and I
trust I may never live to see the day when such
in justice as I have indicated, either by congres-
sional prohibition or the power of popular sover-
eignty, will be committed, and the southern peo-
ple be excluded from the occupancy of any Ter-
ritory where slavery would otherwise enter and
remain.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I presume I am the
gentleman to whom the gentleman from Georgia
refers.
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir; you arc
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did say to the gen-
tleman from Georgia that I regnftted he had not
asked me the question; that I would have an-
swered that we did subscribe for these speeches
and send them to northern Democrats, for that
was the only way by which we could convince
them what their southern brethren said about them
in Congress, as northern Democrats would go
home and deny to their constituents that any such
sentiments were uttered here. We were obliged
to arm ourselves with these documents, for the
purpose of convincing them of what took place on
the floor of Congress.
Mr. HILL. The Democrats of my district arc
a very different class. They are intelligent pea-
pie, and not so easily deceived. I make no com-
plaint of them, as a party, for any injustice done
me. I am sorry to hear so bad an account of
their northern brethren. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I may be permitted to say
just here to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] that his effort is like sowing seed
upon barren ground, for he may rest assured that
the returning sense of justice so unmistakably
exhibiting itself in the North, will totally extin-
guish hisirrepressible-conflict doctrines and party,
and send them into outer darkness.
Mr. LEAKE. I have no design to make a
speech—none in the world. • My only design in
taking the floor is to correct a misapprehension
into which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stokes] has fallen, in regard to the position of
the honored State which I have the honor, in
part, to represent. That gentleman quoted this
morning the language of the late Governor of Vir-
ginia, ill the speech which he made to the students
returning from Philadelphia to Richmond, two or
three weeks since. He quoted it with approba-
tion; and I presume his intention was to attribute
to the State of Virginia the sentiments of Gov-
ernor Wise's speech.
Mr. STOKES. I did allude to the remarks
made by ex-Governor Wise, m which he said that
he would fight in the Union. He went further,
and stated that if he were President, he would
send a commission to the northern States that
have passed laws contrary to the rights and in-
terests of the South, and would deniand a repeal
of those laws; if they refused, he would send a
second, and a third time, and if they persisted in
refusing, they would do so at their peril.
Mr. LEAKE. I presume there is no difference
between the gentleman and myself as to the lan-
guage of Governor Wise. I am not here to vin-
dicate the late Governor of Virginia, or to defend
him in any particular. I am here to take care of
the honor of the State ofVirginia, independent of all
Governors and all outside influences. 1 admit that,
for aught I know, the gentleman has quoted him
correctly. But I say, oil behalf of the sixth con-
gressional district, stretching as it does along the
backbone of the State one hundred and fifty miles,
and comprehending within its limits the very heart,
geographically and sentimentally, ofthe State;,that
I repudiate the sentiment which the gentleman
ascribes to the late Governor ofVirginia. I choose
rather to refer to the Representatives of that Sjtee
to hear her sentiments than to any other source.
It never entered, my head, and I undertake to say
that it never entered the brain of any Represent-,
ative of Virginia on this floor, to fight inside of
this Union. The idea is ridiculous in the 'ex-
treme. It is the reductio ad abswrdum. We have
a remedy which we have a right to apply. Vir-
ginia is the judge of that remedy. Pardon me for
saying that Virginia knows her rights and dare
maintain them. She is the exclusive judge of any
infringement of those rights, and of the remedy
which she shall apply. And never, in the history
of that Commonwealth, never from 1798 to this
day, has Virginia dreamed of creating an interne-
cine war within the Union.
But she will do another thing. There is a
peaceful remedy—ay, sir, a constitutional remedy.
I scorn to stand on the ground that your Sew-
ards occupy. I scorn to place the rights ofVir-
ginia on that higher law that has been preached
at the other end of the Capitol, and that is also
held and practiced at this end of it. Virginia Has
the right, when she pleases, to withdraw from
this Confederacy. [Applause from the Demo-
cratic benches.] Whenever the heavy hand of
oppression is laid upon her, whenever she feels
that the burdens of the Union more than counter-
balance the benefits to result from it, she says t0
you, with that quiet and dignity which become her
proud and ancient renown, " I withdraw myself
from your association, and stand here as I was
originally, on that proud and elevated ground of
pure, independent,undelegated sovereignty,which
1 never consented to divide with you." That is
her doctrine. We will notfight in theUnion,but
quit it the instant we think proper to do so. We
make no war on our sister States of the Confed-
eracy. We have no right to assail the _ State of
New York or the State of Pennsylvania or the
gallant little State of Delaware, which Major Noah
once said he could put in his breeches pocket, and
if he could, his pocket would have contained a
sovereignty.
We hold to the rights of the States as an abso-
lute, indefeasible right; and we hold furthermore
that that right is not aggressive in its character.
It is protective and not aggressive. It is defensive
and not offensive. It is a shield and not a sword;
or if a sword it is as that flaming sword which _
guarded the gates ofthe garden of Eden, turning*
every way, and yet doing harm to none except
such as attempt to invade the sacred precincts
which it guards. [Applause.]
There is Virginia doctrine for you. Neither
Governor Wise nor all the Governors in creation
shall commit me to any other. I make no war on
the ex-Governor of Virginia, eloquent and able
as he is chivah-icand brave; but just as erratic.
I do not choose to bow down to every sentiment
he utters. I stand here the advocate of State sov-
ereignty, pure and absolute, and I never intend to
i give it up.
j Mr. SCRANTON obtained the floor.
| The CLERK. The Clerk desires to make a
I statement to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Barksdale,] as well as to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scranton,] to whom he as-
signed the floor a moment ago. The gentleman
from Mississippi obtained the floor, and yielded
it to thegentlemanfromTennessee [Mr. Wright]
unconditionally, as the Clerk understood him.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania made applica-
tion for the floor; and not having occupied it here-
tofore, and the members of his own party having
occupied but a small portion of the time of the
session, the Clerk felt it to be his duty to award
the floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I certainly have no ob-
jection to the floor being occupied by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania this evening. I desire to
speak in the morning.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If my col-
league will give way, 1 will move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if lie proposes to oc-
cupy the floor in the morning?
iMr. SCJ&ANTON. I shall not occupy the floor
for more than ten minutes.
