1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
330f
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I see that there
is enough of business to keep us here another
day's session. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SIMMONS. Until to-morrow, or the first
Monday of December?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Until to-xnor-
row.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
ix division—ayes 14} noes 17.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand the
Chair definitely to rule that the resolution must
lie over?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSecretary
will read the rule. This is offered in the form of
aresolution. If a motion is made, the Chair will
entertain it, of course.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that a committee be
appointed by the Chair to wait on the President
and inform him that, if he has no farther com-
munication to make, the Senate is ready to ad-
journ.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is clearly within the control of a majority of the
Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I would like to have the rule
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"26. Every bill shall reccive three readings previous to its
being pas-ed, and the President shall give notice at each,
whether it be the fiist, stcond, or third} winch reading
shah he on three diffetent days unless the Senate unani-
mously direct otheiwise. And all resolutions proposing
amendments to the Constitution, or to which the approba-
tion and signature ot the President may be requisite, or
which mav grant money out of tiie contingent or any other
fund, shall be treated, in ail respects, in the introduction
and form of proceedings on them, in the Senate, in a similar
manner with bilh; and ali oilier lesolutions shallJie on the
table one day for consideration, and also reports of com-
mittees.
Mr. YULEE. I claim that what is the proper
subject of a resolution cannot be withdrawn from
the operation of the rule by merely changing the
form. This, substantially, upon the practice of
the Senate, from the beginning of the Government
down to this day, has been the subject-matter of
a resolution without variation, I believe.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand the Chair to
decide the motion I make to be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the resolution, in the form first presented
under the rule, lies over. He fuither decides that
the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island is
in order, and under the control of the majority of
the body. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Rhode Island, that a committee of
two be appointed by the Chair to notify the Pres-
ident of the United States that, unless he has some
further communication to make, the Senate is
ready to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Saulsrury
and Mr. Simmons were appointed as the commit-
tee
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. PUGH. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the clerks to the standing committees of
the Senate, except the clerks to the Committer on Claims,
Finance, and ranting, be allowed tluee months' extra com-
pensation iioin the adjournment ofthe extra session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion, being objected to, lies over under the rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not approve of it;
but 1 withdraw my objection to the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say, Mr. Pres-
ident, that at the time the present compensation
of clerks to committees was fixed there was a pro-
viso that they should have three months' extra
pay. That was laid on the table, or rather lost.
The question being divided,it became the subject
of a prolonged debate, and never wasacted upon.
The present compensation was fixed upon the
idea, taking the risk of the session long and short,
that this additional sum should be paid. It was
adopted as an alternative to a yearly salary.
Therefore it seems to me a mere act of justice to
the clerks of the several committees, who have
served us faithfully, to give them this amount. I
hope the resolution will be adopted. It is to be
payable out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr, KING, I am indisposed to vote anything
of this sort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Does the Sen-
ator renew the objection?
Mr. KING, Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. The objection was withdrawn by
the Senator from Maine, and is now too late.
Mr. KING. As soon as the Senator was
through with his remarks, I.made the objection.
<The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was in time,
and the resolution cannot be considered to-day.
RESOLUTION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of the State of California in favor of an
appropriation for the relief of Captain Thomas L.
Smith, who received a wound while in the act of
protecting American citizens against savage vio-
lence and barbarity, by which he was rendered
incapable of self-protection; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that the Senate
take a recess until two o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. HAMMOND. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Are we not running
into great confusion by receiving jointresolutions
in executive session ?
The PRESIDING OFI^ICER. "We are not in
executive session.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why are we not? Wc
arc altogether in an executive session. [u Oh,
no."] We are not in a legislative capacity here
at all, and yet we are receiving propositions for
legislation. I do not think it is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The jointres-
olutions offered by the Senator from California
were from the Legislature of that State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not understand
that.
Mr. HAMMOND. I hope we shall now take
a recess.
Mr.CRITTENDEN. I renewthcgentleman's
motion for a recess. I am wrong, perhaps, upon
the other subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would not entertain a bill or joint resolution.
ACCOUNT CLERK.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up a resolu-
tion I reported the other day from the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, the object of which is to increase the
salary of the account clerk of the Senate. I hope
it will be taken up and passed.
Mr.CRITTENDEN. TheSenatorfroroSouth
Carolina withdrew his motion for a recess to en-
able me to make a suggestion, and I promised to
renew that motion, and I did so.
Mr. POWELL. I beg the Senator from South
Carolina to allow me to have this resolution taken
up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion ?
Mr HAMMOND. It was just to avoid such
resolutions that I made the motion; but I will not
object to that particular resolution, provided the
Senator will agree to renew the motion.
Mr. POWELL. I will do so with great pleas-
ure.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved. That the account clerk in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate bo allowed the same rate of com-
pensation that is received by the executive clerk, and that
the difference between that and what he has received from
the commencement of the present CongiCsH to the close of
this fiscal year be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. I simply wish the Senator who
reported this resolution to state what the present
pay of this clerk is, and what it is proposed to be
raised to.
Mr. POWELL. The present pay is $1,850,
and it is proposed to be raised about three hun-
dred or three hundred and ten dollars in addition.
Mr. HALE. I introduced aresolution, not long
since, referring certain questions to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, which contemplated a general revision
of this subject; and I move that this resolution be
referred to the same committee.
Mr. KING. The resolution has not been re-
ceived.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir, it has.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will ask the Senator
from Kentucky whether it has not been reported
from that committee?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir; several days ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire move to refer the res-
olution to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This matter has been
referred to that committee, and has been reported
back.
Mr. HALE. I know that very well; but when
this resolution was introduced, I submitted a gen-
eral resolution of inquiry, requiring the commit-
tee to inquire how many were m the employ of the
Senate; by what authority they were appointed;
what was their compensation; and whether the
amount or the number might be diminished with-
out any detriment to the public service. I intro-
duced that resolution because various applications
are coming in from various persons in the em-
ployment of the Senate for additional pay. I hope
the Senate will take that course, ana then send
tliis resolution there. If it is insisted on, I must
oppose it, and I wish to state my reasons; but I
shall be sorry to have to do it, because it is un-
pleasant to oppose these things always. I take
this occasion to say, so far as I have had any oc-
casion for any intercourse with the officers of the
Senate, they have always been prompt, courteous,
andobliginggentlcmcn;and they have done every-
thing that anybody would have a right to ask
them to do; but still X cannot forget that I have a
duty to perform, and my duty here compels me
to oppose this resolution. I shall not go into it
unless it is insisted on. I would rather notgo into
this general inquiry; but if it is insisted upon, I
have some facts that I mightstate, that come from
the report of the contingent fund.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire ought to recollect what has transpired here
in the course of the last four or five years on this
subject. 1 think it is about five years since, by
direction of the Committee on the Judiciary, 1
reported a resolution to make the clerk of that
committee permanent. It was then debated at
great length, and the clerks of all the committees
were made permanent. Every other officer of the
Senate was permanent; and we have found the
necessity for having a secretary of clerk con-
nected with the business of the committee. After
consulting with the chairman of the Committee
on Finance and others, my resolution was to give
them $1,400 a year salary. That resolution was
adopted; but you, sir, (Mr. Bright in the chair,)
moved to reconsider it, because you thought the
salaries were not sufficient; and it was afterwards
lost in the press of business, for which I have
always since been sorry. If the matter had re-
mained in its original shape, it would have been
better. Then, at the extra session of 1857, we
appointed a select committee, of which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, not now present, [Mr.
Benjamin,] waf? chairman. That committee re-
ported, in lieu of an annual salary, a certain per
diem compensation, with a gross sum of pay for
two or three months at the end of the session.
Mr. BAYARD. Sixty days.
Mr. PUGH. Sixty days, my friend says.
We adopted the resolution for the per diem, and
some debate ensued upon the restofit, (the reso-
ution, I believe,beingdivided,) and no action was
taken, and it fell in the press of our business.
Now, sir, T understand, with the exception ofthe
three clerks to committees that are permanent,
the other clerks do not receive more than $900 for
all the services of this session; and in the case of
my honorable friend from Kentucky, one of these
clerks receives but $300. lam yet in favor ofthe
annual regular compensation, and I only proposed
my resolution—which I hope my friend from Ken-
tucky will accept as an amendment—to restore
what the select committee thought was right and
proper to he passed, and to make good the report
of that select committee. It makes everything
right. Let us give them sixty days' pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to ask him this question: was it
not only sixty days at the end of the short ses-
sion that that committee recommended, and not
sixty days at each session ?
Mr.PUGH. I think it was at the end of every
session. That is my recollection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Another question. I do
not sec how you make it out that they receive but
$900. Congress has been in session more than
two hundred days.
