1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S63
from the further consideration of House bill No.
587, for the relief of Anthon L. C. Portman.
Mr. CRA.IGE. of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leave to take up House
bill No. 357.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 26, 1860.
Prayer by Rev. Robert L. Dabney, of the Vir-
ginia Theological Seminary.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I move to dispense with the read-
ing of (he Journal, so far as the yeas and nays
taken yesterday on the various icsolutions and
amendments arc concerned. Nobody wants to
hear them. There arc very few here. Reading
them takes time.
Thu VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, the reading of the yeas and nays on the
Journal will be dispensed with. The Chair hears
no objection.
The Journal was approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a report of the Light-House Hoard, rela-
tive to the claim of Don Anastasio Cavillo; which,
on motion of Mr. Latham, was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Postmaster General, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, further in-
formation in relation to the contracts with Daniel
A.Johnson and Cornelius Vanderbilt, for tempo-
ral y mail service between New York and San
Francisco, and New Orleans and San Francisco,
via the Isthmus.
Mr. YULEE. This communication is in addi-
tion to a document which has been already printed;
and J move that it lie on the table, and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. YULEE. 1 ask unanimous consent of the
Senate to waive the rule requiring a reference in
this case, as the main document, to which this
is an addition, has already been ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no-objection, and the order will be made.
NEW YORK POST OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate the following communication from the Post-
master General:
Post Ofhce Department, May 21, 18G0.
Sin : On the 16th instant the Senate adopted the follow-
ing resolution:
" Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instructed to
lnfoun i He Senate when the Post Office Dcpaitmem fit at
had any knowledge that any defalcation existed on the part
of the postmaster of the city of New York; and also to in-
form the Senate it the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury has
performed, in referenec to the po>t oflicn m thn
city of New York, the duties imposed on him by theaetof
March 3, 1851, and especially by the one hundred and
mnety-sovcuth ^ccuon ot said act."'
In reply to which, 1 have the ho'inr to state, that T wa<<
for the first time inionned of the defalcation of Isaac V.
Fowler, late po-tmaster at New Yoifc, on The morning of
the 10th May, L8GU, on which day be wa?, by the President,
removed from office. I have no leason to believe that any
knowledge of tins defalcation exited in this Depaitmcni
before the day mentioned.
In the month of April, during my absence in the South,
a telegraphic di.-pateii appeared alleging that there was a
deficit ni the accounts ot the po-,tma-terat New York, and
the First Assistant and then acting Po^tmaner General m-
loinis me that, m consequence, bis apprehensions weie
awakened. The postmaster, however, came to Washing
ton, and bis accounts were balanced in the Auditoi office
up to 31ht December., 1839, which quieted the fear.-, that
had been excited. The defalcation, since discovered, could
not be detected and verified until the accounts for the quai-
tei ending 3Kt Match, I860, had been audited, which was
not completed until 10th May, 1860.
The provision of law reieired to as the one hundred and
ninety-seventh section of the act of 3d March, 1831, is in
fact the eighteenth section of that statute, and wasteinpo-
raiy m its opeiation. The Sixth Auditoi appears to have
faithtull} peiformed his duty undei it, by a report on the
1st Maieh, 1837, which was printed by older of the fjou^e
of Xtepicsentahves, and constitutes document No. 185 of
second session Twenty-Fourth Congress. A similar report
was made on the 2*2d February, 1845, in obedience to a res-
olution of the Senate of 23d January, 1845, aud the instruc-
tions of the Postmaster General.
As the general law does not require reports of this char-
acter to be made, none except those named appear to have
been submitted to Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT, Postmaster General.
Hox. John C. Breckinridge,
Vice President of the United States.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to have
an order made at once for the printing of this
communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the order will be made.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (II. R. No. 239) for the relief of George P.
Brott: which yesterday received the signature of
the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
v PATENT LAWS.
Mr. BIGLER. It will be remembered that
some weeks since we had the Patent Office bill
tinder consideration, an 1 there seemed to be no
difficulty, except m reference to a single point.
That was in reference to so much of the bill as
denied the right of appeal from the decisions of
the Commissioner. I am, for my own part, and
I believe the committee generally are, willing to
yield that featuie of the bill. I hope, therefore,
the Senate will take it up this morning and dis-
pose of it. It is a bill which will occupy only a
few minutes. It ha<? been well considered, and
recommended by the Commissioner. It does not
take a dollar from thcTreasury, but simply gives
a meritorious class of people the instrumentalities
for which they are perfectly willing to pay. 1
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 10) in addition to " An act to
promote the progress of the useful arts."
Mr. IVEPwSON. 1 do not think it altogether
fair that a bill of this kind should be taken up in
the morning hour, and supersede petitions and
reports from committees. This is a bill which
has been up, as we all remember, and on the oc-
casion when it was taken up it gave rise to a very
animated discussion, and it is not likely that it is
going to be passed sub silcntio now.
Mr. HALE. With the Senator's consent, I
desire to say that that matter has been arranged.
The debate arose on a motion that I made about
the appeal to the judiciary. That has been ar-
ranged, and the Senator from Pennsylvania has
consented to let it go. That being the case, 1 do
not think there, will be the slightest debate in the
world.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well, sir; I yield the
objection. :
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 10) in addition to "An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts,"
the pending question beingon the motion of Mr.
Hale to amend the substitute reported by the
committee, by strfking out the following clause
in the second section:
" No appeal shall lici rafter be allowed from the decision
of the Coinmi>>ioner of Patents, execpt in cases pending
poor to the parage ol tins act."
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the bill was
last up, the substitute leported by the committee
was being read by sections. The SecroUuy will
read the next section.
The Secretary read the third section,asfollows:
Skc 3. Jind be it fin titer emitted, That no appeal shall
be allowed t<> the examiner^-in-chief liom the decisions of
the piimurv examiners, except in interference ca^us, until
after the application shall have been twice rejected; and
the second examination of the application l>v the pumaty
examiner -shall not be had until the applicant, in view of
th«'  ielerenees given on the fh-t icjection, shall have re-
newed the oath of invention, a- pro\ ided for in the seventh
section of the act entitled Anaemia piomote the pioaress
of the iwful aits, and to repeal all acts and part* of acts
hcietofore made for that purpose," appioved July 4, 1838.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that there was an understanding that the
vote should be taken on each section of the sub-
stitute as it was read. If there be no objection,
then he will put the question on this section.
Mr. BIGLER. That course was pursued in
accordance with a suggestion of the Senator from
New Hampshire. It is an unusual coarse in the
Senate, and 1 hope he will waive it.
Mr. HALE. I do not care about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
procced to read the remaining sections.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire that the chairman of
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
shall explain the scciion which has just been read.
Why is it that it is required that a patent should
be rejected twice before there shall be any appeal
to the superior determining power?
Mr. BiGLER. I cannot hear what the Sen-
ator from Iowa says.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that section to
declare that no appeal shall he from the subordi-
nate examiner until it has been twice rejected by
him.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the old law. There
is no change in that respect
Mr. GRIMES. Is it the old law?
Mr. BIGLER. It is Solely for the purpose of
securing a more full and complete examination,
in order that the appeals may not be too frequent.
Mr. GRIMES. But it is attended with addi-
tional expense to the applicant. Every one of
these applications costs the man who claims a
patent an additional amount. Now, why is it
the Government requires that a man shall make
a second application, and subject himself to an
additional amount of expense before he shall be
permitted to carry his appeal up to the appellate
tribunal?
Mr. BIGLER. Well, Mr. President, I am
hardly prepared to say what particular reasons
the experience of the department has discovered
for this feature of the bill. It is one of those
which all Commissioners have recommended, and
which I think they have well discovered by ex-
perience. Without a knowledge of the details,it
is somewhat difficult for me to answer the ques-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed with the reading of the substitute. *
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further matted, That the salary of the
Commissioner ol Patents, from and after the clo^e of the
present fiscal year, shall be $4,00U per annum; and the sal-
ary ot the chief clerk of the Patent Officc shall be $2,300.
►See. 5. Jind be it further enacted, ThattheCommissioner
of Patents is authoiued to restore to the respective appli-
cants, or when not removed by iheui,to otherwise dispose
ot such of the models belonging to rejected applications as
be shall not think necessary to be preserved. The same
authoiity is also given m relation to all models accompany-
ing appln attorns for designs. lie te lurther authorized to
dispense m luture with models of designs when the design
can be sufficiently represented by a drawing.
Sec. G.  /lnd be it further enacted, That the tenth section
of the act approved the 3d of Maieh, 1837, authorizing the
appointment of agents for the transportation of models and
specimens to the Patent Office, is hereby repealed.
Hec. 7. Jind be it farther enacted. That the Commissioner
is lurthei authorized, from time to time, to appoint, in the
manner already provided for by law, such an additional
number of principal examines, first assistant examiners,
and second assistant examiners, as may be required to trans-
act the currcnt business of the office with dispatch, pro-
vided the whole number of additional examiners shall no 
exceed lour of each cla^a, and that the total annual ex-
penses of the Patent Office shall not exceed the annual
receipts.
ec. 6. Jind bcit further enacted, That the Commiaaionei
may reqmie all papers filed m the Patent Office to be cor-
rectly, legiblv,aud clearly written, or printed, at the cost of
the pailies filing &tich p.ipeis ; and for gross misconduct he
may refuse to recognize any person as a patent agent,
either generally or in any paiticuiar case; but Ihe reasons
of the Commissioner for -ucli icfusal shall be duly recorded,
and subject to the approval of the X^c^ident of the United
States.
Sec. 9. *And be it further enacted, That no money paid
as a lee on any application foi a patent after the passage of
this act shall be withdiawn oi icfunded, nor shall the fee
paid on filing a cavcat be considered as part of the .<um
lequiied to be paid on filing a subsequent application for a
patent for the same invention. That the thice months'
notice given to any caveator, m pursuance of the lequirc,-
mem-> ot thctweilth section of the act of July 4,1836, shall
be computed (rom the day on winch such notice is depos-
ited in the post office at Washington, with the regular tune
for the transmissionof the same added thereto, winch tone
shall be indorsed on the notice; and that so much ot the
thirteenth section of the act of Congress, approved July
4, 1636, a? authorizes the annexing to letters patent of the
description and specification of additional impiovenicnls,
is hereby repealed ; and m ail ca-se?, of additional nnprove-
| merits, a separate patent shall be i-smed
j Sec. iO. Jind be jt further enacted, That all laws now In
j force, fixing the rates of the Patent Otfice fee- to be paid,
i and discriminating between the inhabitants ot the United
Suites and thobe of otiier countings, aie hereby repealed,
and, in their stead, the following rates aie established: On
filing fach cavcat, ten dollars; "on nhng each original ap-
plication for a patent, except lor a design, twenty dollars;
on issuing each original patent, ten dollar#*; on evei} ap-
peal fiom the cxainnieis-in-chief to the Commissioner,
twenty dollars; on every application for a patent tor a de-
sign. thieen dollar- j on every application for the reis-sue of
a patent, thirty dollars; on every application for the exten-
1 gion of a patent, fifty dollars; and fitly dollars, in addition,
