1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
The Clerk read, as follows:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Springfield armory, Massachusetts, of which $12,000 may be
applied to the purchase of land on the north side of the
new water shops, $63,625.
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry armory, $65,500.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move to amend by add-
ing, as follows:
Provided, That no part of the money in the last two ap-
propriations shall be expended m the payment of any civil
superintendent of either of the armories at Harper's Ferry
or Springfield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question oforder.
This amendment proposes to change existing laws,
and therefore is not in order.
Mr. WHITELEY. You can provide in an ap-
propriation bill that the money appropriated shall
not bo expended in a certain manner.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable The Chair overrules the question
of order. It is competent for the gentleman to
move to limit the expenditure of the appropria-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law fixes the salary of
these superintendents.
Thft CHAIRMAN. That does not make the
amendment out of..order. The committee has the
right to limit the expenditure of the appropriation
in any'manner it may think proper.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
TheCHArRMAN. The Chair decidcs that it
is too late to appeal.
Mr. COLFAX. I make another point of order.
Neither of the two paragraphs of the bill to which
the amendment of the gentleman refers makes
any provision for the payment of salaries, and the
amendment, therefore, is not germane. The ap-
propriations to which he refers are for repairs,
improvements, and new machinery.
Mr. WHITELEY. Then [ will modify the
amendment so as to make it apply to all the ap-
propriations in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I rise to a question
of order. With that modification, the amend-
ment is clearly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Chairman, I will sub-
mit a remark or two upon the amendment. This
subject of the comparative excellence of military
or civil superintendency of the national armories
has been mooted before the last two or three
Congresses, in Congress and outof it, at the arm-
ories and elsewhere.
In 1853 Congress passed a law changing the
supcrintendency from military to civil; and we
now present the curious spectacle to the world of
having an Army with a corps, the specialty, the
peculiar duty of which is to superintend the man-
ufacture and distribution of arms, and yet having
at the two national armories hermaphrodite or
mongrel superintendences, made up of one civil
officer and one military officer. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Delano,] who
represents the district where the Springfield arm-
ory is located, and the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Boteler,] who represents the district'where
the Harper's Ferry armory islocated, what earthly
use thcie is at either of these national armories
for a civil superintendent? Neither of those arm-
ories can get along with a civil superintendent,
unless there is detailed to each an officer—a major
or captain—of the ordnance corps of the Army.
Yet, sir, these civil officers are so placed that they
counteract and interfere with the operations of the
Army officers, educated and trained to the duty
which is devolved upon them. The law of 1853
was passed, if my recollection serves me, to pro-
vide for some hungry politicians in the sections of
Harper's Ferry and Springfield. Ought we not,
at this time, to strike down this civil superintend-
cncy ?
I do not propose to detain the committee with
any lengthy discussion; but there is another mat-
ter I want to refer to. I ask the gentleman from
the Harper's Ferry district ofVirginia [Mr. Bote-
ler] whether he believes, if there had been a
military superintendency of the armory, John
Brown's raid would have gone to the extent that
it did? Under the civil superintendency there is
no control, no discipline; the armories are, m fact,
nothing more than mere workshops. I submit,
then, as we have a special corps in the Army to
attend to arms, that it is our duty to do away with
the longer existence of civil superintendents of
the national armories.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am dccidedly opposed to
the proposition of the gentleman from Delaware.
Mr. BOTELER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me, as I have been specially referred to by the
gentleman from Delaware.
Mr. FLORENCE. I yield to the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. BOTELER. Thank you, sir. Mr. Chair-
man, this is one of the most important proposi-
tions that has been brought to the consideration
of the Hoi&e during the present session; and the
House must appreciate the embarrassment under
which I naturally labor in attempting to argue it
in the space of five minutes. It is a question of
vital interest to my constituents, and I cannot pos-
sibly do justice to it in the very limited time allowed
me. It is sprung suddenly upon the House. I
had no intimation of the gentleman's intention.
But I have this to say of it: experience at the
Harper's Ferry armory has proved that true econ-
omy would dictate the retention of the civil su-
perintendency. The improvements in arms and
machinery that have been made since the organ-
ization of that armory have been made under the
civil superintendency. Such economy has been
introduced in the manufacture of arms there, grow-
ing out of the improvements made by the mechan-
ics of that place, that the Minie rifle, the most
perfect arm in the world, costs now to manufac-
ture it only twelve dollars for each one of them.
Why, sir, does the gentleman from Delaware
[Mr, Wiiiteley] know that there were two me-
chanics at that place who, under the civil system,
made most of the present improvements in arms
and machinery, and who never received more than
their daily wages from the Government for all
their valuable inventions ?
Mr. WHITELEY. Would not those me-
chanics have been continued in employment as
well under a military supcrintendency >
Mr. BOTELER. That would depend upon
circumstances. Those two mechanics made im-
provements which have saved the Government
vast sums of money, amounting to not less than
half a million dollars, and yet they received no
other remuneration than their salary for their
daily work in that armory. This is striking at
such men as a class, as a body, and I think, sir,
that some deference is due to their feelings, their
wishes—ay, sir, to their prejudices. It is natural
for our citizens not to desire to be placed under a
military rule. They are free men, independent
men, and they do not wish to be subjected to the
orders of a military officer and to have the laws
which govern the regular Army put in force upon
them, as if they were a portion of its rank and file.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, the history
of these armories under military superintendency,
and the mass of information brought to the atten-
tion of this House when Congress changed from
military superintendency to civil supcrintendency,
ought, of itself, to settle all question on this sub-
ject at this day. I cannot believe that the gentle-
man from Delaware [Mr. Wiiiteley] is serious
in moving his amendment; I do not believe that
he intends that it shall pass—certainly he cannot
believe for one moment, with all the lights before
Congress on the matter, that it will meet with our
approbation.
Mr. BARICSDALE. Let me suggest that, even
if the amendment of the gentleman from Delaware
be adopted, it will not effect the purpose he has in
view. If it is incorporated in the bill, a civilian
would still hold the office; but he could not be
paid. The evil would not be remedied by the
adoption of the amendment. If the gentleman
really means what he proposes, let him move a
repeal of the law under which civilians are ap-
pointed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I take the same
view—that even if the amendment of the gentle-
man from Delaware is adopted, it will accomplish
nothing.
Mr. KEITT. I move pro forma to strike out
the words "in this act."
Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of saying
a word in reply to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Florence,] who remarked that the
facts exposed to the House six years ago, and
whjch induced a change from military to civil su-
perintendency, would be sufficient, if now before
the House, to perpetuate this civil superintend-
ency. A special committee was appointed during
that session to consider the question.. A great
many complaints were made before that commit-
tee; but as one of the membersof that committee,
I feel authorized to say that those ecimplaints
were unfounded. The change was made, not be-
cause of any inefficiency in" the management of
the armories, not because'of any cruelty in the
rules of discipline and subordination, but simply
with a view of increasing the patronage of the
Government, and putting the armory within the
grasp pf politics. At that Very time an English
commission was in this country examining our
system, and so thoroughly satisfied was that com-
mission with the efficacy of our system, that they
recommended it to the British Government, and I
believe it was adopted 1
That commission thought that the most valu-
able feature in the management of our armories
was the military superintendency; and yet, just
at that moment, under the rush of political ex-
citement, and with a view of augmenting the
patronage of the Government, the Army itself
was withdrawn from its independence and neu-
trality, and was grasped by the politicians The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Boteler] says
that two mechanics at Harper's Ferry armory
have made, improvements. I ask at what time
have any improvements been made by a military
superintendent? Probably never. I ask, in re-
turn, what improvements have ever been made
by a civil superintendent? Probably never. The
question of superintendency is one which applies
only to the subordination of the operatives." And
I say'here, that as the armories are but a portion
of the Itianagement of our Army—are connected
with warlike operations—they should be, just as
the Army, under military rule. Those who go
there, go there in connection with the Army, and
are just as much bound by its rules and regula-
tions as the men who contract with you, and go
into one of your regiments. I would have cruelty
on neither side; but I would have subordination.
I would not take men there as paupers; nor would
I deal with them through mere clianty. Men
who woik for the Government should be paid;
and should do their work. Those who do not
choose to go to the armories as operatives, can
stay awny. This Government is under no obli-
gation to furnish employment to a single human
being.
I was then opposed to this changc of superin-
tendency, and I am opposed to it now, because I
want to withdraw the Army from the grasp of
politicians. I know the difficulty; I know that
you might just as well try to drag a ship that had
got into the eddy of the Maelstrom, and endeavor
to save it from being swallowed up, as in this
country, demoralized as public sentiment is, to
try to draw anything from the grasp of politics,
when once it gets its hand upon it. I know the
change cannot be accomplished; but I have risen
simply toprotest again against subjecting the Army
to tne rule of mere politics and partisan changes.
Mr. PHELPS. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Delaware [Mr. Whitei.ey] and the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] is
this: that an officer of the ordnance corps is neces-
sarily a better superintendent of manufacturing
establishments than any civilian you could obtain.
If the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Delaware should be adopted, the Secretary
of War would be required to return to the old
method of superintendence, by placing at the head
of the armories officers of the ordnance corps, and
no others. Those manufacturing establishments
are entirely under the superintendence of the ord-
nance department of the United States. Now I
deny that because a man has received a military
education he is therefore a better superintendent
of manufacturing establishments than any civil-
ian who could be obtained. I do not say that
every civilian is the proper person to superintend
great manufacturing establishments; and it is the
same with the military men of the country. But
I believe that the manufacturing establishments
in which large sums of money are expended are
better conducted by those people who have net
received a military education, or held commission
in the Army of the United States, than by those
who have. The superintendent does not devise
the form of the arm, and would not, of himself,
