1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ries, and in various places where works of refer-
ence arc collected, and the money that wo have
expended upon the first part of the publication is
entirely thrown away unless we publish the maps.
They will, undoubtedly, be oidered at the next
session, if not at this, and it will save trouble to do
it now. I think the order has been made by the
House for the extra numbers they have printed
already.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the adop-
tion of this resolution, the yeas and nays arc
called for.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. YULEE. 1 move that we proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. HALE. There is a motion before the
Senate.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. But (he mo-
tion of fhe Senator from Florida is in order at any
time.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senator to withdraw it,
or I shall ask for a division on it.
Mr. KING. The question whether there is a
quorum here may be tested by a call for a division
on the resolution, as well as by the yeas and
nays.
Mr.'BROWN. Certainly.
Air. SIMMONS. I have a report to make. I
was waiting for this question to bo taken; but if
it is not to l)e taken, 1 will make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order to make a report at this time, unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know whether the sub-
ject has passed out of the minds of Senators or
not, and I will therefore briefly repeat the expla-
nation heretofore made, that this is a proposition
to print maps which accompany the text, and
which never can be well understood without the
maps. My own impression has been, from the
beginning, that if economy was the object, we had
better suppress the text and print the maps alone.
By a bare inspection,any one can understand the
character of the route when he refers to the maps
and profiles, while no amount of examination of
the text, unless by a professional readei, will en-
able him so well to understand it. It is important,
therefore, that the maps should be printed.
The question being: put on the resolution, there
were—ayes 15, noes 7; no quorum voting.
Mr. SIMMONS. The committee charged
with a message to the President of the United
States 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it is the
pleasure of the Senate, the Senator from Rhtode
• Island can make a report.
Mr. YULEE. Nu, sir; I object. There can
be no business without a quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator
can make a communication from the President.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend less than a
quorum can adjourn, and a committee can make a
report of a communication from the President.
That is not the transaction of business.
Mr. SIMMONS. The committee that were
appointed to wait on the President  
Mr. YULEE. I object to any business in the
absence of a quorum; and in order that we may
proceed, I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to request the attendance of Senators.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. The committee appointed to
"wait on the President of the United States, and
give him notice that, unless he had some further
communication to make, the Senate was ready to
adjourn, perfoimtd that duty,and were mfoi med
by the President that he had no fuither communi-
cation to make that would require the attendance
ofthe Senate.
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt the President
told the committee so, but he must have'been la-
boring umlor a misapprehension, for he sent in a
message this morning1.
Mr. SIMMONS. That will not require the
detention of the Senate. It is only about a lieu-
tenant.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business. We ought to dispose of the Executive
Calendar.
Mr. HALE. Can less than a quorum go into
executive session ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. For the pur-
pose of reference.
Mr. HALE. No matter what the purpose is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that the motion is not in
order, it objected to. The only business in order
is to adjourn or send for absentees.
Mr. YULEE. If we adjourn, we can only
adjourn until to-morrow. We can only adjourn
from day to day in the absence of a quorum, and
I presume, therefore, the best course will be to
request the attendance of absent Senators.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The firstqucs-
tion is on iho motion of the Senator from Florida
to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to request the at-
tendance of absent Senators.
Mr. KING. I ask for a division on that ques-
tion.
Mr. HALE. Before that is put, I should like
to know if this is a function of the*Sergcant-at-
Arms that lie has to perform in person,or whether
he may do it by deputy; because I apprehend the
Senators will Ge found in the various States of
the Union, and he will be under the necessity of
acting by deputy, and that question ought to be
settled.
Mr. MASON. I doubt whether there is a
quorum m the city, and I should like to know
whether the order to the Sergeant-at-Arms is to
send him out of the city; because, unless it was
limited, it might be his duty to go beyond the city.
Mi*'. YULEE. I must endeavor to enforce the
attendance of a quorum by one means or other,
because I do believe that the absence of a quorum
to-day has occurred, in some degree, with a pur-
pose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that there is
nothing of that kind. At least, I have no knowl-
edge of anything of that kind. Senators have
been leaving for some time, and pairing off, so
that it was with difficulty we had a quorum yes-
terday. Now, it seems to me we shall get into
trouble by sending out this order. If .there is a
quorum in the city, 1 hope they will attend, and
I presume they would be here; but if there is not,
what are you going to accomplish by making this
order? It has been decided that you cannot en-
force the attendance of Senators. The Senator
from Florida must be aware of that. The Vice
President decided that there was no power to en-
force their attendance under our rules. It is a
mere request to them to attend. It will amount
to nothing. It keeps those of us who are here
from day to day waiting, and we accomplish noth-
ing in the enu. If there is any assurance that
there is a quorum in the city, I am willing to wait
until the Sergeant-at-Arms can go out and request
their attendance; but if there is no probability of
there being a quorum here, it is merely annoying
ourselves, and we shall not accomplish anything
by it. It seems to me it is hardly worth while to
adopt such an order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suggest to the Senator from
Rhode Island to withdraw his motion urging the
consideration of the resolution from the Commit-
tee on Printing. 1 think m that way we can ob-
viate the difficulty that exists.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was not called up on my
motion. It was a report of the committee1, called
up on motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
question before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. If that were passed over, a
motion for executive session would be in order
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that, by general con-
sent, the question now pending lie on the table.
Mr. TRUM-BULL. There'is no question.
Mr.BRIGHT. Yes, there is a question. Itis
a resolution ordering the printing of certain doc-
uments. By unanimous consent, that can lie upon
the table.
Mr. HALE. I will not interpose any excep-
tion to this, if it can be done; but J desire to know
whether, after it has been ascertained that there
is not a quorum present, the Senate can entertain
any motion of that sort by unanimous consent or
anything else. Suppose a minority of the Senate
unanimously consent: does it amount to anything?
I do not raise any objection, but I want things
done in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator makes no objec-
tion, and if he will consentthatthe business now
under consideration lie o.n the tabic, \vc ccui go
into executive session. I have seen appointments
confirmed by only ten Senators.
Mr. YULEE. I withdraw my motion relative
to absentees; but before doing so', I wish to read
a clause in the Constitution, from which it -will
be seen that gentlemen who have, without wait-
ing for the adjournment of the Senate sine ab-
sented themselves, have placed us in the awlcward
and disagreeable predicament <?f being obliged tp
wait here until they can be summoned back, for
we have no power to do otherwise tna.n. adjourn
from day to day. The Constitution provides:
-'1A majority of each House shall, constitute a quorum to
do business, but a smaller number may adjourn from day to
day, and maybe authorized to coriipel the attendance of
absent members in such mariner and under such penalties
as each House may piovide."
We have no other power under the Constitu-
tion. We are so circumstanced, by the improper
withdrawal of those gentlemen, that we have no
other power but to sit here from day to &ay until
they please to return.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose we take a recess
until December.
Mr CRITTENDEN. I have no doubt that it
is in the power of the Senate to compel the attend-
ance of absent members; but I cannot stay here
until they are hunted up all over the United States.
I wish the gentleman would be in a hurry in get-
ting them here; because, whether you make this
order now or not, I know several Senators who
are here^who will be absent to-morrow morning.
It will be a very unprofitable consumption of time.
If they be here in town, let gentlemen send fo.r
them immediately, if that is the purpose, and let
us have them here; but I give warning that 1 am
obliged to go to-night.
Mr. BRIGHT. All this difficulty arises from
attempting to do in executive session what belongs
to legislative session. It has ever been my opin-
ion—and it was the practice many years ago, as
I think the Senator from Kentucky knows—never
to transact legislative business at an executive
session. Latterly, we have fallen into the oppo-
site practice. I say, with due deference to the
opinions of other Senators, it is all out of order.
There never should be a legislative motion made
at an executive session. It is not contemplated
by the Jaw or by the rules. , Wc can get out'of
this difficulty by common consent, abandoning
everything like legislation and proceeding to the
consideration of executive business; and in ex-
ecutive session we can determine whatwc should
do as to whether there is a quorum in the city or
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen
ator make that motion ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, that all legislative business will be with-
drawn, and that wc shall proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business. 1 make that motion.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that my friend
from Florida has construed the Constitution more
strictly than its language will bear. I can see no
difficulty about our right to adjourn finally, or
about our right to proceed to the consideration of
executive business, though we cannot transact
any executive business without a quorum. We
aie convened here for the puipose of transacting
executive business; and the fact is, that our open
session is a mere matter of consent at last. The
President has not called us here as a Legislature,
nor as a branch of the Legislature. He has called
us as his executive council, and, in strictness, we
ought to have sat with closed doors from the be-
ginning, though, I acknowledge, we could trans-
act no more business m executive session than
we could without closing the doors, in the ab-
sence of a quorum; and, therefore, I do not see
that my friend from Indiana would gain much by
his motion.
But, sir, while the Constitution authorizes less
than a majority to send for absent members, and
to adjourn from day to day, there is nothing in
the Constitution which prohibits a minority ofthe
Senate from adjourning finally. The President
can call us together again. Nor is there anything
to prohibit us from taking a recess for an hour or
two hours, if we expect other Senators to come
in, or if we expect any other communication from
the Executive. The wood's &re merely permit
