2368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
humanity which we have to perform to the rem-
nant of that race. We have managed it in such
a manner that, while I fear wc have not entirely
fulfilled the obligations of humanity towards them,
we have been led into a style and system of ad-
ministration that costs this Government greatly
more than*a more humane system would do. I
should have great confidence in the humanity of
the State of California for taking a friendly care
of these poor people; but there is one question
that I have thought of asking heretofore in the
Senate, and which this is a fit occasion for me to
address to the Senators from that State. I read
some time ago in the newspapers an account of the
massacre of the inhabitants of three little Indian
villages on Humboldt bay, in California, I think.
On a Sunday morning, and on a sudden, and by
surprise, white men, leagued together for the pur-
pose, rushed upon these unsuspecting Indians and
their villages,and massacred tnem, man, woman,
and child. This is the account given in the news-
papers. I have tried since to find the newspaper
that contained it; but I remember distinctly its
contents. They were of a character to make a
memorable impression. Now, I wish to inquire
of the Senators—I know it is as revolting to them
as it is to me—if it be true? I want simply to in-
quire of them as to the fact. Are they informed
of it, and have any steps been taken to punish
these murderers?
Mr, LATHAM. I will answer the Senator. I
saw the same account to which he refers; and I
will say to him that the Legislature of California
was in session at the time and appointed a com-
mittee to go to Humboldt bay, or Mendocino
county, I do not recollect which, and investigate
the matter. The committee did go, and they found
that these outrages had been gieatly exaggerated.
That wrong had been done by the whites upon the
Indians was true, but not near to the extent re-
ported by the newspapers. What action was
taken by the Legislature 1 have not yet learned.
There was some action; but the Legislature has
just adjourned, and we have not had time to re-
ceive a report of its proceedings. This is as much
information as I can give the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. If I supposed, Mr. President,
that the proposition made by the Senator from
California would tend in any degree to benefit the
Indians of tluu State, I would certainly vote for
it. it is a fact beyond all dispute, that the Indians
of that State have been most sadly neglected by
the persons acting unxler the appointment of the
Federal Government there. The money we have
appropriated foi tho care and support of these In-
dians has been squandered, misappropriated, and.
1 have no doubt, much of it stolen. These In-
dians have been neglected, and the evidence is in
the Departments of the Government to that effort
—neglected by the persons appointed by this
Government to care for them, who have grown
wealthy on the suffering and thedyiiig—who have
grown wealthy by appiopriatmg to themselves
the money that should have been used to save the
health and the lives of these Indians. It is a fact,
to which the Senator from Kentucky has just al-
luded, that great outrages have been perpetrated
in that State. I have upon my desk n report, made
by Lieutenant Dillon to Major Johnson, of the
doings of Thomas J. Henley, that ought to dis-
grace that man forever; and I have here a letter
from Major Johnson, refeiring to the action of
that individual and to murders perpetrated under
his observation.
The Senator from Kentucky has alluded to the
murders reported the other day as having taken
place at Humboldt bay. I have here, from Cal-
ifornia journals, accounts of the outrages perpe-
trated at other places in that State; and I send to
the Clerk's desk an article from the Bulletin, of
San Francisco, and I ask that it be read, as show-
ing an outrage at one place m that State.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Tiik Jarboe Indian Massacre5* — Blood Monty
Wanted.—The leaders of the Bulletin are. perhaps wea-
ried and disgusted with the tales of barbarities upon the
Indiana, and it seems a thankless it not hopeless labor to
utt*mpt to excite a public sympathy foi the last decaying
race; but if there is r. Providence which regaids and
avenge* the crimes of men, sureiv the people of tin-. State
aie mcuirina a learlul responsibility, and ate biavma a ter-
rible retribution (or the ma.—acies and biutalmes'which
the} p.-imit to be accomplished in their name Anotiuu
mo t dteadful ciiaptei has heen added to the damning rec-
oid. Jarboe, who nas heen lioting in blood lor the lastly ear,
ip the Merjidociao region, has just rendered his account of
murders. The letter of this person to the Governor of the
State, and which was by him submitted to the Legislature, '
on Tuesday, is a foul blot upon California. Ileie is an ex-
tract from it:
"' On the 16th of September, in Eden Valley, I mustered
into the service of the State of California twenty men pos-
sessing the requisite qualifications, mounted on horseback,
and armed with rifles and pistols. Up to that time the In-
dians had killed nineteen settlers and about six hundied
head of stock m the region of country spoken of, arid were
daily committing their depredations. I endeavored to make
a treaty of peace with them, and sent my interpreter out to
their camp, who talked to them ; he was a friendly Chumac
Indian. They replied that they would kill every white
man they could, and all the stock they could find—giving
no reason for it—and daring me to come out and fight.
1 did notattaek them for some days afterwards still hoping
T might get along without bloodshed. On the night of the
20th September, they came to Eden Valley and diove off
some cattle. I followed and fought them with a detach-
ment of ten men; and from the same date to the 24th of
January, 1 fought them twenty-three times, killed two bun-
dled and eighty-three warriors—the number of wounded
was not known—took two hundred and ninety-two pris-
oners: sent them to the reservation. In the several en-
gagements I had four men severely wounded, as well as
myself.'
" There is no excuse for any member of the Legislature,
or any citizen of the State, being deceived by the style of
words which this man adopts in the narrative of his atroci-
ties lie fought the Indians twunty-thice times! Delib-
erate, cowardly, biutal massacre of defenceless men, wo
men, arid childien he calls He killed nearly three
hundred of these poor people. The pretext upon which
these butcheries were perpetuated is that nineteen settlers
had been killed, and six hundred head ol stock stolen.
Now, we have the testimony of Major Johnson and Lieu-
tenant Dillon that not one white settler had lost his life in
that region at the hands of Indians during the pa*t year—
except a person who was killed m revenge foi outra^m* an
Indian woman. In tact,all the.se tales of Indian hostilities,
when silted, are proved to be airant fabi icatkms. As to
the stock said to have been appropiiated by the starving
savages, (far less savage than their per.~ecutois,) what does
it amount to? Six hundied head taken by nine thousand
Indians—di iven from their lands and fisheries, and starving
literally to death—were vvoith,at tbeout*idc,$I2,000. Lei
the state pay it, or doubly or treble the sum, and call upon
the Federal Government to refund the amount. For such
a purpose the libei ahty and the justice of the Government
need not he doubted. Jarboe icports the total expense of
his expeditions at $11,143—which is the smallest amount
of blond money we ever heard demanded, in proportion to
the murders commuted.
" fn the ^laughtei of this hecatomb of victims, it is? said
that five of the butchers were severely wounded—one of
them was Jarboe himself. He has been in Sacramento
neailj all winter, and lu< wounds have never beioie been
heard of. If the price of blood must lie paid, on the ground
of Coveinor Weller's ordei permitting the raiding of the
company, the Legislature owes it to humanity and decency
to condemn and piotest against the ciime disclosed m Jai-
boo\- <. ommunieatiom But, in uiuh, measuies should be
at ouee taken to stop tins wanton bloodshed, and to teed
and protect the Indians.''
Mr. WILSON. That is the account of the
massacre at Eden Valley. Now, I have from the
A11 v. California!], published at San Francisco, an
account of the attack upon other Indians, on Pit
river; and I send that account to the Clerk, and
afile that it be read.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
"The attacking patty rushed upon them, blowing out
their biains, and -splitting open their skulls with tomahawk-?.
Little children in baskets, and even babes, had their heads
smashed to pieces oi eutopen. Mothers and infants shared
the common fate. The screams and cries of the victims
were frightful to hear, but no supplications could avail to
avert the work of devilish butchery. It will scarcely be
credited that thi* horrible scene occurred m Chi istian Cali-
fornia, within a few d.tyc' travel ot the Slate capital. Hu-
manity sickens at the thought. Many ol the fugitives were
chased ami --hot as they lau. VVheie whole families had
boon butcheied was indicated by heapsol bodiescompo-cd
ot (he motbei and hei little ones. The children, set rcely
able to tun, toddled inward--the squaw- foi piotection, cry-
ing with fright, but weie overtaken, slau hteied like wild
animals, ami thioun info pile-,. From undei some hay-
cocks, wheie some of them had taken reiuL'e, thej wcie
dragged out and slam. One woman got into a pond hole,
wheie she hid hei-cifundei the g as-«, with licr head above
water, and concealed bet pappoose on the bank in a b*=ket.
She was di^coveied, and her head blown to pieces, the
mu%/Je ot the gun being placed against her skull, and the
child wa« drowned mtho pond. The ground was coveied
with blood, and the brushwood ianches ol which there
were fifty or sixty, were lilled with the dead bodies. Old
decrepit squaws.young gnls, and inland, none were spared.
Guns knives, and hatchets uote u^ed; but the favonto
method appeais to have been staving in the head with tom-
ahawks. The blush of dawn shone upon this fearful spec-
tacle, and still the massacre weal on.
"• Some of these wretched creatines had lived with the
vety men who now stiuek them down. Thus they had
become, m a measure, intimate with ihern, and had oth-i
claims than the common humanity which ousht to actuate
eviiiy breast. But even this relationship did not suffice to
-•ave them. One of the butchers named Lee, had been at-
tended to, while sick almost to death, by the Indian women,
who had shown him all the simple kindness inculcated bv
then lude ideas of charity and hospitality. The wretched
hemes looked around in their terroi ; some ol them reeog-
| rising the man uho--e hie they had saved, cued out—'Lee;
j Lee!5 raising their hands towards him with ir^tmes or'
I supphcat.on : but in vam. Lee was amons the most mfu-
I nate of the party, and atterwards boasted ot the number of
skulls he had split open, and exhibited his tomahawk,
hacked and biok#fi in the dieadful work."
Mr. WILSON. Tliis is the massacre under
Lieutenant Langlcy, of the Pit river rangers. 1
have referred to the action of Thomas J. Henley.
I send to the Clerk, to be read, a portion of the
report of Lieutenant Dillon to Major Johnson, in
regard to the massacre at Eel river.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" On last Sunday, Thomas Henley went over to Eel river,
with some of his employes, and finding some huts, sur-
rounded them, and sent an Indiau in to tell the Indians to
come out and come in to the reservation ; that th^y should
not be shot. Four bucks came out, but one of them pro-
fessed to be lame and unable to walk, whereupon Mr. Hen-
ley either shot bun or had him shot. Mr. Ilenloy does not
charge these Indians with having stolen anything fiom him,
but says they were too near to him, and heisafiaid they
will steal; he .says he killed tins Indian because he looked
like a bad Indian, and he did not want to have him. The
three Indians who came in say all the rest of their band
would come in, but that they are afraid. I told the interpre-
ter to go out and tell all the Indians they could find to come
in, or they would all lie killed by thp citizens, but would be
protected here. Night before last fifty-seven came in, and
I think it likely that before long more will tollow."
Mr. WILSON. I am informed by officers of
the Army that it is a fact which they personally
know to be true, that Indians are hunted down
in some portions of the State of California; that
the old bucks, as they are called, are killed, and
the children taken and disposed of, and in certain
cases sold as slaves. I am informed by an officer
of the Army who has served in California, and is
now in this city, that he has seen these very chil-
dren who were thus held. Sir, the abuses that
have been perpetrated upon the Indians in Cali-
fornia are shocking to humanity, and this Gov-
ernment owes it to itself to right their wrongs. I
am not prepared to vote for the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator fioin California, and yet I
am not certain that if thegovernmentof thatState
had the control of these Indians their condition
would not be improved. I hope, however, that
the Federal Government will see to it that its
own officers perform the duties that devolve upon
them. The Secretary of the Interior recommends
a change to be made in regard to the superintend-
ents, and a division of the State into two Indian
districts, northern and southern. With a view
to carry out fhe recommendation of the Secretary,
I propose, as an amendment (o the amendment of
the honorable Senator from California, to strike
out all after the word "provided," m his amend-
ment, and insert:
That the offices of Indian superintendent, Indian agent
and sub-agent lor the State of California be, and the same
aie heiebj, abolished ; and that the said State of California
be, and the samei- hetebj. di \ ided into two Indian dMncts,
to be called the noithein Indian district of California, and
the southern Indian distuct of California j and the Presi-
dent of the United States is heieby authoiized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, one agent
for each the northern and southern Indian distncts of the
State of California, the said agents to have powei to em-
ploy such a-sistantsas may be authorized by the Secietary
of fiie interior; and it shall be the duty of such ayentj, mid
then duly authoiized assistant^, for the Indian districts
afoie-aid, to petfotm the duties usually rcquued ol Indian
agents and then assistants ; and also to ptoeure employment
among the white population ol tne said State lor the In-
dians within their ie>pective di-tucts as aforesaid, so far
as the same may be possible ; and further, it shall be the
duty ot such agents and their assistants to piotectail In-
dians or bands of Indians who have settled down in the
quiet possession of then homes, and instinct them in the
arts ot hu-bandry ; and it shall also be then dut> to collect
all variant Indians upon the reseivations, and induce them
to labor/'
The Secretary of the Interior says, in his last
annual report*
"With an anxious desire to device some plan ofoperations
which promises to secure the welfare of the Indians on the
one hand, and relieve the Treasury from the suppoit ot a
helpless and dependent population on the other, I would
recommend, as the most piacticablc policy, tiie abolition ot
the supenutendeney, agencies, and ^ub aVencies, and the
division of the State into two distinct Indian district-*. For
each division a single agent should bepio\ ided, with power
to employ such assistants as may be authoiized by the De-
paitiri' nt. Whenever it is possible to p;oeure emp!o\ment
i loi the Indian^ among our own peopl". the agents should
be lequired to aid them in obtaining places. "It should be
the duty ot the ageuts to protect the bands that aie settled
down in the quiet possession of their homes, and to instruct
them m the arts of husbandry. It should also be the duty
| ot the agents to collect all vagrants upon the reseivations,
i and toiuiSuee them tolabor. Tins plan is recommended by
] its eeonomj , and by the piospect it holds out lor tSie secunty
| of the Indians.
|j I have offered this amendment to carry out this
recommendation of the Secretary oi the Interior,
\[ which, he says, will be productive of economy on
ji the part of the Government, and tend to the se-
ll curity of the Indians.
