3310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
sire. They authorize that portion of the body,
which otherwise could exercise no such author-
ity, to send out process to bring in the absentees,
ami* also to continue in session from tlay to day;
but there 13 nothing to prohibit a final adjourn-
ment, nor anything, in my opinion, to prohibit us
from going into executive session. I shall vote
for either of those motions. If there is a pros-
pect of a quorum, I wish to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business; if not, obviously
we had better adjourn sine die.
Mr. YCLEE.' That depends altogether upon*
our construction of the word "business." If to
determine that we have gotten through the busi-
ness of the session, and that, when we adjourn,
we will adjourn over to December next, is not
business, then the Constitution docs not apply!
Mr. PUGH. An adjournment finally is no
business. It is a cessation of business.
Mr. YOXEE. We can do no business with-
out a quorum, and can only adjourn from day to
day. The Constitution, by its specification of
what we may do, excludes us from doing any-
thing el$e.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have the rule read controlling this matter.
The Senate will give attention to the reading of
tlve rule.
The Secretary read the 18th rule, as follows:
" 18. Oif a motion made and seconded to shut the doors
of the Senate on the discussion of* any biwness which
may, in the opinion of'a member, require secrecy,the Pres-
ident shall direct the gallery to be cleared, and during the
discussion of such motion the doors shall remain shut."
Mr. HALE. That has nothing; to do with this
case. That does not relate to executive session
at all. That relates to proceedings in open ses-
sion when a member thinks it is necessary to have
closed doors; arid if, for that reason, he makes
such a suggestion, the doors arc closed on the
discussion of that motion. It has nothing to do
with this ease.
Mr. BRIGHT. My point is that, by unani-
mous consent, the Senate may proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. Unless we can
have that, wo cannot transact executive business.
Mr. KING. I shall not give my consent. We
have no quorum here.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not see how Senators can
differ about our position at all. The Constitution
declares that it shall require a majority of the
Senate to do business, which means, of course,
that wo can do nothing-, unless theieisamajority
of the Senate present. It is not unusual for busi-
ness to be done without a quoium; but the Sen-
ate is not officially informed that there is not a
quorum present, and means are taken to prevent
the Senate knowing it. On a call of the yeas and
nays, when the fact is disclosed, everybody
knows they have no power. As to our present
condition, I do not know whether there is a quo-
rum in the city or not; but 1 doubt it, because I
know many who have gone away since we were
in session yesterday. We have but to chose be-
tween remaining here for an hour or two to see
whether then* will be a quorum, 01 dispersing as
a sort of disorderly body.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 have no doubt there is a quo-
rum iri flie city. Already two Senators have come
in since we commenced this discussion. 1 move
that the Serjeant-at-Arms be directed to notify
absentees who are in the city, and that we take a
recess for one hour.
Mr. BAYARD, it seems to me, unless we
take some proceedings to notify members who
are not present, we have no authority to adjourn
sine die; but wc may be kept here from day to day
we do not know how long. If wc cannot have
unanimous consent for one purpose, 1 do not think
it likelv we shall have for any other.
Mr. JBRIGHT. I withdraw my motion. I see
live Senators additional here already.
Mr. MASON. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business; and I
ask for the yeas on that motion.
Mr. HALE. A division will do just as well.
Mr. MASON. Very well. I call for a divis-
ion. Let us see whether wc have a quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to state that [ shall pro-
pose taking the question by yeas and nays, with
a view to ascertain whether there is a quorum or
not, and whb constitute the Senators present.
["Very well!"] I do not think it is respectful
to the Senate for Senators to be absent and break
up a quorum, so as to stop the business which
we have been assembled to discharge; and still
less so for Senators to constitute a quorum, and
then leave us unable to proceed to business by
absenting themselves in the midst of the session.
1 shall certainly insist on sending for them, if it
be to the remotest State of the Union, and using
the whole power of the Senate to compel their
attendance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 'I wish to suggest,in £eply
to that, that we have no .power to compel their
attendance.
Mr. DAVIS. We will try it. I think every
body has a right to protect itself.
Mr. KING. Let us ascertain who is here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It ia move.d
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business; and on that question the yeas
and nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 0, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigter, Bright, Brown,
Crittenden, Davi*, Fitzpu'tnck, Foot, Gvvm, Hale, Ham-
mond, Hemphill, Ivenon, Johnson of Aikansa*, Johi^on
of Tennessee, King, Lane, Mallory, Ma.^on, Nicholson,
Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sehabtian, Simmons, Trumbull,
Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—0.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the absentees be
sent for.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I know that the convenience of
many Senators is involved who wish to go away
this evening; and I think we had better fix an
hour when they will be able to attend here, and
they can get ready for their journey in the mean
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that if we sep-
arate it will be difficult to get a quorum together.
I think we had better wait while we are here with
nearly a quorum present, and if we can get a quo-
rum at all, we can get it within an hour, or per-
haps sooner.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take a recess for
half an hour, and if we have no quorum then we
can renew it.
Mr. ANTHONY. We only lack three of a
quorum. I think they will bo here in a few min-
utes. If we take a recess, we cannot keep here
those we have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana insist on his motion foi ri recess
for half an horn r
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the rule
read in relation to theabsence of Senators. There
seems to be some misunderstanding about it.
The Secretary read It, as follows:
" 8. No member shall absent himself from the service ol
the Senate, without leave of tho Senate fust obtained. And
in easv a less number than a quorum of the Senate shall
convene, they are hereby authouzed to send the Sorgeant-
at-Aims, or any other pe^on or poison-* bv tliem autiioi-
ized, foi any oi alt absent members. a< the majemty ot such
members present Mi a! I agree, at the expense, of such absent
members, respectively,unless 5-uch excuse tor nou-attend-
a < e shall be made a-- the Senate, when a quoium is con-
vened, t-hali judge sufficient, and m that case the expense
hhall be paid out of the contingent fund. And tins rule
shall apply as well to the first convention of the Senate, at
the legal tune ol meeting, a-? to each day of the session,
after the hour has airive.d to which the Senate stood ad-
journed."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
tor from Indiana insist on his motion for a re-
cess ?
Mr. HALE. I hope not. We shall not be so
hkely to find a quorum after taking a recess.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore. The Chair has
directed the Sergeant-at-Arms to request the at-
tendance of absent members. [It was now fifteen
I minutes to eleven o'clock.]
! Mr. KENNEDY appeared, and'desired to vote.
His vote was iccorded in the affirmative.
Mr. DURKEE appeared, at twenty-three min-
utes to twelve o'clock, and voted in the affirm a-
ti vc.
Mr. CHESNUT appeared, at twenty minutes
to twelve, and voted m the affirmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
quorum now present, and the Secretary will an-
nounce the result.
The result was announced—yeas 34, nays 0.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceedod to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. PUGfH. I ask the Senate now to take up
the resolution offered by me a day or two since in
regard to the clurks of committees.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the clerk? of the standing committees of
the Senate, except the cleiks to the Committee on Claims,
Finance,and Printing, be allowed three months' extra com-
pensation from the adjournment of the extra session.
Mr. PUGH. I propose to modify my resolu-
tion, and insert sixty days, because sixty days
was the period agreed upon by the select commit-
tee. I will add that I am assured the clerks did
not receive that compensation at tho close of the
last short session; so that this puts them practi-
cally on the footing that they were intended to be.
Mr. KING. Let the modification be read for
information.
The Secretary read it: to strike out all after the
word "resolved," and insert:
That the clerks of theseveial standing committees, other
than the Committees on Finance, Claims, and Printing, be
continued in the service of the Senate, at their piesent rate
of compensation, for sixty days after the adjournment of
this session.
Mr. KING. I suppose this comes up as an
amendment to the original resolution that was
previously on the table.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir. I can amend my own
resolution until the yeas and nays are called on
it; and I do so.
Mr. BRIGHT. The amendment is clearly in
order, the original resolution having been offered
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion, as modified, is now before the Senate.
Mr. KING. Is it in order to so modify it with-
out consent?
Mr. PUGII. I can modify it until the yeas
and nays are demanded upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Is a motion to
adjourn sine die in order?
Mr. KING. No, sir; not while I am on the
floor.
Mr. PUGH. I will modify my amendment as
1 have suggested.
Mr. KING. I believe the floor was assigned
to me. I will state in relation to these resolu-
tions, that I am opposed to taking them up at this
period of the session. I am willing that all the
officers of the Senate shall have a fair compensa-
tion, and I think that should be fixed and determ-
ined, and that we ought not to be annoyed with
these applications for an increase of salary. There •
is no quorum of the Senate here, and we could
not get a quorum on a vote to pass this resolu-
tion. As I am opposed to this matter,and as the
shortest way of getting rid of it, I will make the
motion that the Senator fro in Tennessee suggested,
unless there be some business, that the Senate
adjourn sine die.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope we shall have a vote on
this resolution before we adjourn. I think every
Senator is ready to vote upon it. Will the Sen-
ator allow us to vote?
Air. KING. No, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then we will try to vote down
the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the Sen-
ator insist on his motion to adjourn sine die ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir. I insist on my motion.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes fouit^een.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 17; as follows*
YEAS—Messrs. Anthowy, Brown, Chittenden, Durkee,
Foot, Halo, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Jo'm>on of
Tennessee.'King, NichoUon, Polk, Simmons, Trumbull,
and Wilkinson—l.>. *
NAY S—Mcsm-j. B lyard, Bigler, Bright, Ohesnut, Davis,
Fitzpatuek, Gwui. Hammond, Hemphill. Kennedy, Lane,
Mallory. Pu^h, Rice, Sebastian, Wigfail, and Yulae—17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn s'tn'e die.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest that
there is such an opposition here to increasing the
pay of these clerks at this time that such a resolu-
tion cannot pass. It does seem to me that we are
but giving ourselves trouble by this effort. A few
days ago a resolution came in to pay the clerks
back from the beginning of the session, whether
they were employed or not; and now a proposi-
