■1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Mr. BURNETT. It will not, I understand; all
that is asked is the vote of the House on it.
Mr. CURTIS. The amendment is suggested
by the Secretary of War, and is unanimously rec-
ommended by the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill bo laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on tho state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union gener-
ally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 305)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1861, and
hud directed him to report the same back to the
House with an amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that the bill do pass.
Mi. SHERMAN. 1 call the previous question
on the bill and amendment. -
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not ask a vote on the
bill to-night.
LAND DISTRICT IS CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCII, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to create an additional land district m
the State of California; which was read a first
■ and second lime, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands
COURT-ROOMS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. HALL,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill making an appropriation of #10,000 for
court-rooms and marshal's office for the district
court of the United Slates for the western district
of Pennsylvania; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURNETT, (at
forty-eight minute* past fouro'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tihirsd'at, March 20, I860
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gublet.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of thr Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of tho 22d instant, a copy of the memorial
of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel B. S. Roberts, re-
lating to the reorganization of the militia of tho
United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table; and a motion by Mr. Foot to print the re-
port, and that two thousand additional copies be
printed, was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, submitting additional
estimates of appropriations that wilf be required
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Indian
trices during the present fiscal year; which, on
motion of Mr. Hunter, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial ofLou-
isaT. Whiting, widow of Major Fabius Whiting,
of the Army, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
^Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of John
F. Connolly, remonstrating against the petition
of Rice, Baird & Heebner, and representing that
this firm hud acknowledged that it was impossi-
ble for them to execute their contract for the fur-
niuhingof one bundled monolithic mai'ble column
shafts for the portico of the Capitol; and, also,
that Captain Meigs had inspected their Lee quarry,
and reported to the Secretary of War that fact,
although six years had been allowed them to do
so; and also showing that they had no claim to
exact damages fur their failure to execute their
contract, their real and only objeot being to sub-
stitute Italian for American marble; and praying
that Congress will not interfere with the order of
the Secretary of War to purchase the columns
of him; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented the memorial of Mary Tow-
son, widow of Joshua Towson, a soldier in the
war of 1812, at the battle of North Point, asking
for bounty lands under the acts of 1855 and 185G,
her application having been rejected by the Com-
missioner of Pensions on technical grounds; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. IVERSON presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Henry R. Schoolcraft, for
the reimbursement of expenditures in Michigan,
Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PEARCE. Yesterday a memorial of the
Great Falls Manufacturing Company was pre-
sented by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Sadls-
bury, J about the disposition of which there was
some doubt in the Senate, and it was finally laid
upon the table, with a view of considering what
should bo its proper reference. I move that it be
taken up now, with a view to referring it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, where it properly
belongs. _ *
Tho motion was agreed to; and the memorial
was referred to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Oxlcrcd, That leave be granted to withdraw the memo-
rial olThomas Johnson, administrator of Rinahlo Johnson,
and Knmil A. Nuttrill, administratrix of Ann E. Johnson,
praying compensation lor tobacco destroyed by the enemy
in the war ot 1H1^ from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, Tlmt Jane McCiure have icave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Oulcrcri, That the memorial ot Joseph Menaul, praying
to be .U!ov\ ed to relocate ceitain wairanw for iand gianted
to the late Mninius de ia Fayette, of which iie is the as
Mgneo, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
PETITION RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, Tiiat the memorial of George G. Dmham, pray-
ing compensation for services as a clerk in the Indian
bureau, be recommitted to the Committee on Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 320) to complete certain military roads in the
Territory of Now Mexico; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and Militia.
REPORTS Oi' COMMITTEES.
Mr CLA Y, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom wus referred the bill (S. No. 312) giving
the consent of Congress to the improvement of the
Pass al'Outre of the Mississippi river, and the
levying of a tonnage duty to maintain the same,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henry J. Rogers,
American editor of the Commercial Code of Sig-
nals for the use of all Nations, praying that the
same may be adopted by Congress, and distrib-
uted to all merchant vessels owned by citizens of
the United States, reported a bill (S. No. 320) to
provide for the general introduction of an inter-
national code of marine signals; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the memorial of citizens of Dela-
ware, praying the substitution of steamers of light
draught of water for the revenue service in place
of [he presenr class of sailing vessels, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to. *
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Common Coun-
cil of Detroit, praying that steamers may be em-
ployed instead of sailing vessels for tho protection
of the revenue of the lakes, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Hi: also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of citizens of Michigan,
praying that steamers may be stationed on the
lakes for the protection of the revenue and the
relief of merchant vessels in distress, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
1-Ie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report of the Secretu*y of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, the report and estimate of Captain
Newton in relation to the construction of a wharf
at Lewes, Delaware, and the bill (S. No. 13)
making an appropriation for the erection of a pier
in Delaware Bay, for the protection of commerce,
reported it without amendment, and adversely.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to say that I do
not concur in,the adverse report which has just
been made; but shall ask the Senate at an early
day to consider that bill. «.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 242) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Robert H. Morris, late postmaster
of the city of New York, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Robert A. Matthews, for the confirmation
of the entry of a tract of land in the Sioux City
district, Iowa, by Charles W. Tash, or for the
refunding of the purchase money to the said Mat-
thews, as his attorney, reported a bill (S. No. 321)
for the relief of Robert A. Matthews. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported by the Court
of Claims for the relief of Polly Booth, of the county
of Madison, State of New York, with tlieopinion
of the court in favorof the claim, reported the bill
(S. No. 323) for the relief of Polly Booth, of the
county of Madison, State of New York, without
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading.  
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Melinda Durkee, of the State of
Georgia, with the opinion of the court in favorof
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 324) for the
relief of Melinda Durkee, of the State of Georgia,
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Lucretia Wilcox, of Wayne
county, Michigan, with the opinion of the court
ill favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No.
325) for the relief of Lucretia Wilcox, of Wayne
county, Michigan, Without amendment. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Mary Robbins, of Westmorelancl
county, Pennsylvania, with the opinion of the
court in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S
No. 326) for the relief ofMary Robbins,'of West-
moreland county, Pennsylvania, without amend-
ment. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Margaret Taylor, of Putnam
county, Tennessee, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No.
327) for the relief of Margaret Taylor, of Putnam
county,Tennessee, without amendment. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to wiiom was
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Mary Burt, of Sciota county,
Ohio, with the opinion of the court in favor of the
claim, reported the bill (S. No. 328) for the relief
of Mary Burt, of Seiota county, Ohio, without
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
tor the relief of Ann Clark, of Madison county,
1 ennessee, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 329) for the
relief of Ann Clark, of Madison county, Tennes-
see, without amendment. The bill was read,and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill re ported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Tempy Connelly, of Johnson
county, Tennessee, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 330)
tor the relief of Tempy Connelly, of Johnson
