.1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•1428
county, Tennessee, without amendment. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
waa referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Mercy Armstrong, of Gloucester
county, Rhode Island, with the opinion of the
court in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S.
No. 331) for the relief of Mercy Armstrong, of
Gloucester county, Rhode Island, without amend-
ment. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Esther Stevens, of Van Buren
county, Michigan, with the opinion of the court
m favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 332)
for the relief of Esther Stevens, of Van Buren
county, Michigan, without amendment. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred abillreported by the Courtof Claims
for the relief of Hannah Weaver, of Wayne
county, Pennsylvania, with the opinion of the
court m favor ofthe claim, reported the bill (S. No.
333) for the relief of Hannah Weaver, of Wayne
county, Pennsylvania, without amendment. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by^the Court of Claims
for the relief of Anna Parrot, of Clinton county,
Ohio, with the opinion of the court in favor of the
claim, reported the bill (S. No. 334) for the relief
of Anna Parrot, of Clinton county, Ohio, with-
out amendment. The bill was read, and passed
to a second, reading,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of
Claims for the relief of I\ancy Madison, of Fair-
field county, Ohio, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No.
335) for the relief of Nancy Madison, of Fairfield
county, Ohio, without amendment. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of
Claims for the relief of Rosamond Robinson, of
Beiknap county, New Hampshire, with the opin-
ion of the court in favor of the claim, reported
the bill (S. No. 336) for the relief of Rosamond
Robinson, ofBelk-nap county, New Hampshire,
without amendment. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Lavinia Tipton, of White county,
Tennessee, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 337) for the
relief of Lavinia Tipton, of White county, Ten-
nessee, without amendment, The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Courtof Claims
for the relief of Mary Grant, of the State of South
Carolina, with the opinion of the court in favor of
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 338) for the
relief of Mary Grant, of the State of South Caro-
lina, without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Courtof Claims
for the relief of Mary Ann Hooper, of Virginia,
• with the opinion ofthe court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 339) for the relief of Mary
Ann Hooper, of Virginia, without amendment.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 11) making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the people of the
Territories of Oregon and Washington, in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities therein, in the years
1855 and 18#>, reported it with an amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Bar-
hary Glover, praying to be allowed a pension,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordeied
to be printed.
NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Raolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
that there shall be no more appointments to the grade of
pursers in the Navy; that all duties now performed by offi-
cers of thi^ grade shall be-pcrlormed by officers of the line ;
also, that they inquire into the expediency of providing by
law that all appointments to the marine corps of the United
States shall be made from graduates of the United States
Naval Academy.
STEVENS^ REPORT.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be directed to
inquire into the expediency of printing ten thousand extra
copies of Stevens's railroad report.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. GREEN. I offered a resolution a few days
ago, which is lying on the table, in reference to a
reccss in April and May. I move now that it be
taken up.
Xhc motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:  
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the two Houses of Congress do adjourn
on the 20th of April next, until the 20th of May next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the 20th of May comes on Sunday.
Mr. GREEN. Make it the 21st.
The VICE PRESIDENT. - That alteration
will be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution. If we adjourn on the 20th
of April, to meet again on the 21st of May, we
shall return to find the country suffering under
three presidential nominations, and we shall have
to remain here at least a month longer than would
be necessary to carry on the business of Con-
gress, in order to listen to gentlemen who wish to
address their constituents through the Congres-
sional Globe; but if we lix a time for the final ad-
journment, the effect of this resolution will not be
to prolong the session. I have left the time in
my amendment blank, and desire to have it fixed
on the Monday nearest to the 15th of June,which,
I think, will leave ample time for the transaction
of all the business nccessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment, and for the consideration of the meas-
ures now before Congress.
Mr. GREEN. I will accept the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
wait until the amendment is read ? It is to add to
the resolution:
And that the Piesiding Officers of the two House adjourn
the two Houses of Congress sine die at twelve o'clock on
the day of June next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it is in order, I intended
to move, as a substitute for the resolution of my
friend from Missouri, a similar proposition to that
presented by the Senator from Rhode Island, but
providing for the final adjournment on the first
Monday in June. I think we may adjourn at
that time, and I prefer fixing that day. If we find
it necessary to hold on a little longer, it will be
easy to extend the time. It is better to name a
day, and work up to it. I am opposed, however,
utterly to the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri. It is a proposition to adjourn for a month
in the middle of,the session, to allow gentlemen
to go off to the political conventions. It does seem
to me that the principal business of the Congress
of the UnitedStates is legislation, and not attend-
ing political meetings. Take, for instance, the
Charleston convention: it is so far off that I sup-
pose there are few Senators who expect to go; I
have not heard any Senator say that he intends
togo. Butof course,if you adjourn foramonth,
many will be likely to go. Why not let us go on
with our business here ?
As to the second convention, which is to occur
at Baltimore, it is a ride of only an hour and a
half. I doubt if any Senator intends to attend it;
or, if there is any, doubtless he can be spared for
a day or two. Perhaps the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Ciuttexden,] and one or two others
who feel a deep interest, might go over. We
might accommodate them by not acting on any bill
in which they felt a special interest during their
absence.
In reference to the Chicago convention, perhaps
some gentlemen on the other side may wish to
go there; but I think it doubtful. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Foot] shakes Ins head.
Why should sve adjourn in the middle of the ses-
sion for one month ? We shall come back here,
forgetting where we have left our business, and
we shall Jh^ve to work on into July, and,perhaps
August, to get through with it,ana also, to hear
political speeches in favos of and against all the
candidates. I think, therefore, it is better not to
adopt the motion of the Senator from Missouri;
and I propose so to amend it, as to provide for an
adjournment sine die on the firstMonday of June.
If that motion will take precedence of the motion
of the Senator fromRho.de Island91 wiymoye it.
I desire to strike out the original proposition al-
together, and insert, in lieu of it, " that the two
Houses shall adjourn sine die on the first Monday
of June." I have not thealmanac before me*so
as to enable me to give the day of the month.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator from North Carolina
will most directly reach his purpose by moving
to fill the blank, in the amendment offered by the'
Senator from Rhode Island, with the words " the
first Monday in June."
Mr. ANTHONY. I will accept that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But he proposes to add
that to the resolution, so that we shall have the
proposition to take a recess for a month, as a part
of it, and my object is to prevent that. Before
adding his amendment to the resolution, ! take it
to be competent for me to move to amend it by
striking out the words I have alluded to, and sub-
stituting a proposition for an adjournment sine
die on the first Monday in June.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island proposes to accept the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina. The Senator
from Rhode Island should propose his amend-
ment to strike out all after the resolving clause,
and insert; and if he then accepted the amend-
mentof the Senator from North Carolina, the ques-
tion would come up in the form the latter Senator
desires.
Mr. ANTHONY. I intended my first propo-
sition as an amendment to the resolution of the
Senator from Missouri, that we should take a
recess of a month, and then adjourn finally on
the 11th of June. J understand the Senator from
North Carolina to propose a substitute for the
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina can only propose an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to taking a
rccess for a month, I want to get at that; and if
my amendment will not take precedence of the
one offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, I
must wait until there is a vote on his amendment,
and then I can move, as a substitute for the ori-
ginal proposition, what I have indicated. I am
indifferent whether his amendment be adopted or
not. My object is to strike at the original motion.
Mr. GREEN. I think tile Senator from North
Carolina takes an entirely mistaken view of this
subject. Adjourning for one month does not
cost the Government a single dollar. On the con-
trary, it is a saving of money to the Government,
as I can demonstrate. The pay of the members
is precisely the same, whether they are in session
or not in session; while the pay of n number of
employesdependsupon the fact whether Congress
is in session or not. It is well known to every
member present, including the Senator from North
Carolina, that we always, out of a principle of
courtesy to each other and to the different parties,
come to an understanding, and say no business
shall be transacted during the holding of these con-
ventions; and we know that that will be the prac-
tical effect. No work will be done; but we shall
adjourn three days at a time—from one third day
to the second third day, and so on—until they all
come back, and are ready to resume their labors.
As this will be the case, and we know it, why
not at once make an open, honest confession
of the fact, and adjourn for one month? Then
those who choose to attend the conventions—and
many will anyhow—can do so; and those who
choose to go home, as I desire to do, can do so,
getting no mileage, no pay for it; it involving no
expense to the Government. He says, however,
we shall forget the stage of the business. If our
memories are so short, I apprehend we are hardly
fit to legislate. I do not expect to forget the stage
of business. I expect to keep up with it, whether
present or absent; and I really think that this is
a measure of economy and a measure of justice.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will barely say that I did
not urge that this would add to the expenses of
