1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3311
tion is made to pay them sixty days beyond the
session.. I thought I should say nothing more
upon this question. I have opposed ail these ap-
plications; but they are persisted in, and the Sen-
ate is to be kept here when you cannot keep a
quorum on other business. We have had but a
bare quorum to-day—thirty-four votes—and it
seems to me one or two Senators have left since.
I do not know who they are. Now, it seems to
me that we had better, by common consent, ad-
journ than to sit here undertaking to forcc through
resolutions of this character at this stage of the
session.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think it is very manifest that
the resolution would pass if we had a quorum. A
refusal to adjourn is an indication that there is. a
majority herein favor of the resolution. 1 move
that the absentees be sent for, that we may get
through with our business.
Mr. KING-. Before the motion is put, I wish
to state that the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ma-
son,] when he left the Hall, gave a pretty public
notice thot he must leave at one o'clock; and lie
has gone, I suppose, thinking that the business
of the session was concluded; and another Sena-
tor, who has just gone, said he would not come
back. We shall not get a quorum, and it is use-
less to a^ree to the motion.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio to withdraw his resolution, and
let us get lid of the dilemma in which we are
now, by finding ourselves without a quorum. If
a resolution should be brought forward, at the
next session, to allow these clerks pay for sixty
days, at the end of that session, I shall vote for
it with pleasure; but I cannot consent to vote for
extra pay at the end of a long session. Sir, every
one of these clerks has already received, for seven
months' service, $1,260, and if you now give$hcm
§360 more, each one of them will have received
$1,630*, and at that rate for twelve months, they
would receive $2,520ayear—alargerpay forseven
months' aeivice than is obtained by any clerk in
this Government. That is not the principle on
which the Senate has heretofore proceeded. It
may be that we should allow them an additional
compensation at thef hort session, and for that I
should vote; but I will not, and I cannot, consent
to vote for extra compensation at this session; and
it must give rise to debate.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator did not hear my
statement before. They did not get it at the end
of the last short session.
Mr. IVERSON. I know they did not.
Mr. PCJGH. Therefore, this is only in lieu of
that, and intended to be so. That is the excuse
I make for offering it now at the end of this ses-
sion, that it carries out the former policy of the
Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will modify
his resolution, to give to the clerks of the last ses-
sion this sixty days' pay, I will go for it; but, sir,
this is giving it for the present session. How do
we know that the present clerks were employed
last year ?
Mr. PUGH. Most of them were.
Mr. IVERSON. They are different men alto-
gether.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see how I can withdraw
the resolution without a quorum any more than
I can pass it without a quorum. I am satisfied,
with my friend from Indiana, that a majority of
the Senate is in favor of the resolution. This is
just as proper a matter to be considered by the
Senate as anything else; and if Senators choose
to go off and leave us without a quorum, they set
us an example which may be returned on them-
selves.
Mr. IVERSON. "By common consent the Sen-
ator can withdraw the resolution, and then we
can adjourn the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the resolution ?
Mr. PUGH. I cannot. It lay over one day
by the rules; and, if the Senate takes no action,
it goes over to the next session of Congress, like
any other resolution.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suggest, instead of that, that
the Senate pass the resolution by common con-
sent. That will obviate the difficulty. I hope
there will be no objection to that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That cannot
be done.
Mr. KING. Suppose it be laid on the table by
common consent.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the absentees be
sent for.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is very well understood
there is not a quorum m the city.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand tke motion is to
send for absentees?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such is the
motion.
Mr. BAYARD. A majority of the Senate have
determined that they would not adjourn; and
finding themselves without a quorum, is it not
a duty to send for absentees, after refusing to
adjourn the Senate?
Mr. HALE. That is a moral question, ad-
dressing itself to each one's conscience.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bavaid, Bigier, tinaht, Davis, Fitzpat-
rick, Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill. Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Pujjh, llice, Sebastian, Wigfali,
and Yuiee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chesnut, Ptirkce,
Foot, Halo, Fveis>on, Johnson of Tenue^soe, King, Nichol-
son, Poik, Simmons, Tiuinbuil, and Wilkinson—14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will carry into effect the order of the
Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. Was there a quorum?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was no
quorum voting.
Mr. HAMMOND. It seems to me what is
going on here is very much like child's play, and
if carried much further we shall get ourselves in
a position that will be as embarrassing as it will
be ridiculous. I think we had better end the mat-
ter at once. I propose, therefore, that we take a
vote by acclamation on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, and after that a vote for adjournment
by acclamation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the Senate adjourn sine die. That motion is in
order.
Mr. HAMMOND. Excuse me. 1 did not-
yield the floor to the Senator from Tennessee to
nmke a motion to adjourn. I had the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Does the Sen-
ator yield the floor now ?
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not yield the floor;
and I now move that we take a vote by acclama-
tion, and I shall vote against the adjournment if
the Senator m^ves it; although, after the other
motion is-put, I shall vote for an adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Has the Sen-
ator from South Carolina the floor now.
Mr. HAMMOND. No.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. He has not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. He had not
before. Then I move that the Senate adjourn
s\f\e cizc
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will cause the rule and the Constitution to be
read.
Mr. HALE. I object to the reading of both.
One is enough.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think, from the situation of
this matter, perhaps I can make a suggestion that
will meet with unanimous consent. There seems
to be a feeling to allow these clerks for the last
session at any rate, if not for this. I suggestthat,
by unanimous consent, the resolution be post-
poned until the first Monday in December next,
and we can take it up then, it will be only a post-
ponement.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It goes over
as a matter of course, under the rule, if we ad-
journ.
Mr. BRIGHT. No.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Under the
resolution that was adopted a few days ago, it will
go over, as a matter of course.
Mr. HALE. Do you waive the reading of the
Constitution for that?
Mr. BRIGHT. I do. If there be no objection,
I will withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it the sense
of the Senate that the resolution lie over to the
time indicated by the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. KING. Without a quorum no vote can
be had.
Mr. BRIGHT. It can be done by unanimous
consent. Does the Senator from New York ob-
ject?
Mr. KING. As I hav-e already stated, I object
to any business without a quorum.
The PRESIDENT^rofempore. It will lie over,
as a matter of course, under the rule.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
pending is the motion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, that the Senate adjourn sine die. Tho
Secretary will read the Constitution and the rule
which controls this matter. The Chair, how-
ever, hears no objection to the proposition made
by the Senator from Tennessee, that the Senate
adjourn sine die.
'The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned sine die.
THE END.
