2868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26.
and scandal in it. It is enough almost to make a
man ashamed of his country and his countrymen
to hear such tales of bloodshed and horror. If
the gentleman can promise me—and I understand
him to do so and to promise Congress—that if this
trust is confided to the Legislature of California
we shall hear no more of them, I will vote the
$50,000, and I prefer his original proposition to
any of the amendments. We have shown that
the government which we exercise there, through
agents and superintendents, avails nothing. It
may be that California may do something, and I
hope she will consider it as a noble vocation to
which she is called, to prevent the remnant of
these lost races and tribes from being entirely
destroyed.
Sir, my honorable friend speaks of hostilities
committed by these Indians as a justifying aggra-
vation for these crimes, though he says he does
not mention them as any mitigation of these of-
fenses and these outrages,about which lam sure
he feels as I do. What hostilities can be appre-
hended from this handful of down-trodden, mis-
erable imbeciles? Wecan have no other fears from
them than we can have from some feeble band of
marauders and robbers. We do not call that war.
Can any spirit of hostility, or of manhood, exist
in men who are subject to the slavery and oppres-
sion and murders to which they are subjected ?
Ho, sir, they have been excruciated until ail that
sort of feeling is gone. There is no manly spirit,
no hostility left in them.
The gentleman appeals to me as one who has
been raised in a country where Indian hostilities
existed. I was;butIthankGodthatIneverheard
there of such scenes as these. There was war;
there were hostile Indians, not poor, miserable
animals that had thrown down their arms and
given up their homes and were gathered together
like cattle in a reservation. We fought with men;
but I never heard of any of these kind of brutalities
and atrocities. If there was a single instance of the
sort, the man who did it was marked—marked as a
murderer, and the finger of every manly, soldierly
heart was pointed at him with scorn.
Sir, these things are too often repeated in Cali-
fornia for us to avoid the conviction that these peo-
ple must have or expect to have some countenance,
llere is this Captain J&rboc, writing and reporting
what he has done. With ton men he has had
twenty-three battles against three or four hundred
Indians, and he succeeded, with his ten men, in
killing three hundred men, women, and children.
What sort of a battle was that? Are these the
people whoso hostility is to be feared? Is zt not a
mockcry m these murderers to pretend to derive
an apology from war apprehended or war executed
by such a people? Sir, it is a mockcry.
I am not disposed to say another word on this
subject; I do not wish to say another word; but
I want to show to the world that we are willing,
here in this House, to do what we can to fulfill our
duties. California offers to take this agency of
humanity. I willingly intrust it to her. If these
Indian barbarities are practiced there by a por-
tion of her people, I ascribe to her a very differ-
ent character—a noble and magnanimous one. I
know something about the people there; and 1
know, within my personal knowledge, thousands
that would scorn these acts just as [ do; and you
[Air. Latham] know tens of thousands. These
are but the outlaws of your society. I know that.
I know that you can best restrain thoni. The
objects of this humanityare there before you. If
you suffer them to be murdered, the blood fails
directly upon you; your garments are stained
with it; and you are responsible for it. Take the
$50,000 and perform thisgreatduty of humanity;
and for one American citizen and American legis-
lator, I shall feel myself amply compensated for
the $50,000; and ten thousand thanks with it, if
California will peiform this duty. I shall vote
for the $>50,000 to California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts to the amend-
ment of the Senator from California.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President,the amendment
that I offered I prepared for the purpose of carry-
ing out the recommendation of the Secretary of !
the Interior, i was not aware that any amend- j
ment of the kind or character was to be presented
by the Senator from California, or any other Sen-
ator, I have not read his amendment; butit seems
to me, on hearing it read, it goes more into de-
tail, and is more perfect than the amendment I
presented. For the purpose of having a fair vote
upon all these propositions, I withdraw the amend-
ment that I presented, with a view of having the
vote taken on the first amendment presented by
the Senator from California, and then on the last.
Now, 1 wish to say to that Senator, who thinks
I have been quite industrious in collecting author-
ities on this point, that } think we ought all to
be industrious in collecting authorities whenever
those authorities can give us the proper informa-
tion to enable us to perform our duties here—
duties that belong to our common humanity. I
have no desire and no wish to reflect upon the
mass of the people of California in regard to these
matters. I do not suppose the mass of the peo-
ple of that State can approve of any acts of this
kind or that they do approve of them; but that
these deeds of inhumanity, of cruelty, of blood-
shed and murder arc perpetrated, and have been
perpetrated to a frightful and alarmingextent, that
shocks the sense of all intelligent and right-think-
ing men, no one can doubt. That these things
ought to have an end put to them, I take it we
are all agreed.
The Senator alludes to my reference to the acts
of Mr. Thomas J. Henley. My own conviction
is that that man, who has been Indian agent in
that State, has not performed his duties. 1 think
the evidence is in the Department. I know it to
be the judgment of some of the best men of Cal-
ifornia, and the officers of the Army who have
served there that he has neglected his duties, sadly
neglected them. Now, in regard to this act to
which I did refer 
Mr. LATHAM. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him to whom he refers now?
Mr. WILSON. To Mr. Henley.
Mr. LATHAM. He has not been Indian ajent
for more than a year.
Mr. WILSON. I know that. I said he had
been the Indian agent.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state also to the Sen-
ator that those extracts which he has read, re-
ferred to matters of very recent occurrence, but
two or three months ago.
Mr. WILSON. In referring to Mr. Henley,
I auoted the report of LicutenantDillon to Major
Johnson. I now quote from a letter from .Brevet
Major Johnson to Major W. W. Mackall. That
officer is now, I understand, in this city, ard is
well known, I believe, to be a gentleman of char-
acter. In that letter, lie says:
"A tew days after tin-! event some of the settlers of Round
Valley turned out and killed eleven Indians over onEol river,
[leaded by Colonel T. J. Henley, late superintendent of' In-
dian ail.urs. This party, tlnee of whom were Colonel Hen-
ley's sons, called on me. They acknowledged the killing,
and justified it by producing a horde's eai and two tongues,
which they stated they had found, with othei evidences of
jjuilt on the pan of the Indians, in the raneheria which they
had attacked. None ofrhe party complained of bavins lost
their stock, but said that the Indians had killed stock and
would continue to do so. They killed the Indians, and then
discovered what they considered conclusive evidence of
their guilt. Colonel Henley approved of their course, and
defends the acts of Jarboe and partv. The Indians driven
by the*e icpcated attacks from their usual placesofrefeoit,
have taken refuge in the almost inaccessible fastness* of
the mountains, where it i« impossible for them to glean a
scanty subsistence; and, pinched by hunger, they have
doubtle^ killed some of the stock which, loose and unhcid-
ed, ranges for many mtlei over that vast country. I? tit that
thev have killed any I lung like the amount of which they are
accused, I do not believe, nor i.* there evidence to substan-
tiate the charge. Every head of s tock that is mining
chaiged to the Indiana."
This is from a report made by Major John-
son m regard to this subject. I will now with-
draw the amendment I proposed, with a view of
having a fair vote upon *he original proposition
made by the Senator fiom California, and then,
whether that succeeds or fails, I understand the
Senator will propose the amendment which his
committee have considered, which covers the ob-
ject I had intended to accomplish by my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts having withdrawn theamend-
inent to the amendment, the question recurs on
the original amendment moved by the Senator
from California.
Mr. GWIN. I did not intend to say one word
on thisS subject. I look upon it as a mere ques-
tion of time when these Indians in California are
to be exterminated. I do not think any plan can
be devised by which they can be maintained in
tribes or in any other manner. I believe that
within the last ten years they have diminished
fully one half, and probably more. The atroci-
ties that have been committed on both sides, by
Indians and by white men, cannot be excused by
anybody.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I wish the Senator would
allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whether he knows of
any case, or has heard of any case, in California,
where any white man has been punished for these
assaults upon the Indians? Are they ever con-
victed and punished ?
Mr. G WIN. Why, sir, they have been led to
these atrocities. The Indians have been punished
by white men going and destroying them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But has the Senator heard
of any white man being punished for assaults
upon the Indians?
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir; there are some in
the penitentiary, and in one or two instances, if
I mistake not, they have been executed.
Mr. GWIN. Sir, these have been questions
of Indian wars. Thousands of persons have been
killed in them, and hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars expended. There has been a conflict from
the beginning. I do not pretend to excuse the
horrible atrocities committed thereon the Indians
by white men; but tho'se committed upon the In-
dians by white men have not transpired to the
same extent as the others. They are horrible on
both sides. I say, in my judgment, it is a mere
question of time when these Indians are to be ex-
terminated. They are not like the Indians any-
where else. They have no land. Jt was decided
in this Senate eight or nine years ago, when the
first treaties were made, that not an acre of land
belonged to the Indians. Eighteen treaties were
made by our first commissioners, and were re-
jected by the unanimous vote of the Senate. Their
hunting grounds have been destroyed; the rivers
where they maintained themselves by fishing the
salmon, running through them by the million,
which supported them at certain seasons, are now
entirely occupied by miners. The whole of the
ground, upon which formerly the trees grew,
where they got the acorns which they made use of
as bread, has been taken up by the mmeis; and
therefore they commit depredations. They have
no place to go to but these reservations, ancl they
are not equal to one fifth or one tenth of the In-
dians, and were not when they were established.
In regard to these criminations and recrimina-
tions between officers of the Indian department
and the War Department, it is an old story. It
happens everywhere. As to the charges of Cap-
tain Johnson against Mr. Henley, ho has de-
nounced them as false; and it is a mere question
of crimination and recrimination between these $
officers. These officers of the Government have
had ex parte statements published against them of
having committed depredations which they have
proved to be false.
Everything shows that the system is a failure,
and the whole system of Indian affairs in Cali-
fornia must be a failure, because, unlike Wash-
ington and Oregon, we have no country set apart
for the Indians. There are mere reservations, and
around the reservations white men will settle, and
they will intrude upon those reservations, and the
result, in my judgment, is an extermination of
the Indians sooner or later. But I am struck with
this thing: that the policy indicated by my col-
league in his amendment certainly is the only hope
that we have that these collisions can be prevented;
and I would suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who is opposed to it, that
there should be an alternative proposition; that is,
that if the State docs not accede to this proposi-
tion, then the second amendment should be car-
ried; for certainly it is a better system than the
present one. That proposed by the Department
of the Interior ought to be adopted anyhow; but
I do think, if the State of California is invited
to take possession of these Indians as indicated
by this amendment, it will be the only gleam of
hope we have that these Indians will not be speed-
ily subjected to these massacres, because, rather
than starve, they will steal, and the white men
will kill them for it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from California
suggests that we adopt the alternative. Now, sir,
I am afraid of the policy recommended in the first
