404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
understand this to be admitted by the Democrats
who have been four years associated with him in
Congress. He has probably had less to do with
the slavery discussion than almost any man who
has occupied a seat in the national Legislature
during that period.
During all the excitement and agitation of-the
last two Congresses, of which he was a member,
Mr. Sherman made but a single speech on the
subject of slavery, called out by a message of Pres-
ident Pierce, in 1856, an extract from which has
recently been read at the Clerk's desk; and I un-
dertake to say that the sentiments it expressed are
as conservative, temperate, and proper, as those
of any northern man, of any party, in or oltt of
Congress. The only accusation brought against
him is an alleged indorsement of the Helper book.
Like Mr. Sheuman, I have never seen or read that
book; but if the extracts which have been brought
to the notice of Jhe House were correctly quoted,
I have no hesitation in condemning it, distinctly
and unqualifiedly; and I have reason to know that
this is the position of Mr. Sherman. The ex-
planation which he volunteered on this subject sev-
eral weeks ago was satisfactory to my mind, and,
as I am informed, was intended to be a full and
complete disavowal of all sympathy with the ob-
noxious sentiments which have formed the staple
of so much angry discussion here. I have the
highest confidence in Mr. Sherman's integrity,
capacity, and patriotism; and no fear that a de-
scendant of the great Rhode Island pioneer, placed
in that chair, would countenance any tendency
towards disunion, or encourage any attempt to
weaken or render inoperative any of the laws of
the land.
Mr. Clerk, I am in no way an organ or exponent
of the views of the southern Opposition party.
Thoy need none outside their own ranks. They
are abundantly able to take care of themselves;
but, as a Representative of a portion of the people
of the great Keystone State, X cannot forbear a
word of approbation.
It is charged that those South Americans have
been affiliating with the Republican party, and
that they have taken their seats with us on this
side, as if that were an offense rendering them un-
worthy the respect of gentlemen on the other side.
So far as I have noticed, no improper intimacy
has existed between these gentlemen and our party,
nor have I observed any particular anxiety on
tlieir part to affiliate further than to extend and
exchange those friendly courtesies whicli are diic
be tweengentlemen, and should especially bo main-
tained among the members of this House. For
one, Mr. Clerk, I am free to say that I have been
happy to associate with them, and to cultivate
friendly relations; and although we do not agree
with them on the. important, subject of slavery
extension, I have become strongly attached to
them. I admire the men; tlieir high order of tal-
ent, and their wnuid patriotic Union-loving and
Unzoii-preserring sentiments, so eloquently and
fearlessly cxpr.ssed, show them, m times like
the present, to be eminently entitled to the respect
and confidence of all American citizens. I rejoice
that these gentlemen are here; and I thank God
that He has given me a heart large enough to em-
brace all men who love this glorious Union, and
are resolved to stand by it and preserve it, come
from where they may. If my voice could reach
the cars of their constituencies, 1 would say to
them: Gentlemen, your interests and the inter-
ests of your country are safe in the hands of the
Representatives you have sent here, and I entreat
you to reelect every one of them by tremendously
mcreased majorities. All honor to the immortal
twenty-three!
Now, Mr. Clerk, Union demonstrations at the
North having been often referred to since the com-
mencement of this session, m terms, too, of doubt
and suspicion, as to their ingenuousness, I desire,
in conclusion, to call attention to a similar meeting
among the people I lepresent. It convened at
Wilkesbarre,the county seatofLuzernc, acounty
embracing a population of one hundred thousand.
There, on classic ground, "by Susquehanna's
side, fair Wyoming," in a region whose surpass-
ing natural beauty and magnificent resources of
wealth and prosperity are enhanced in interest by
the renown of a revolutionary battle-field; whose
history records deeds of heroism as worthy of im-
mortality as the defense of the blooming"valleys
of Attica, and whose tales of blood and suffering
mark the most melancholy page of American his-
tory; there, sir, in the center of northeastern Penn-
sylvania, where no sordid motives of trade and
commerce form the impulse and incentive, as gen-
tlemen have alleged, of the great Atlantic ports;
there, where a prosperous, an intelligent, an inde-
pendent, and a virtuous people dwell in peaceful
security, far removed from the fountains of fac-
tious excitement, my constituents, without respect
to party, assembled m their might to proclaim their
fraternal attachment to the people of the southern
States, and to register anew their pure devotion to
the Constitution of the Union. Their presiding
officer on that occasion was an aged patriot, known,
honored, and revered by the whole community in
which he resides, and whose sire participated with
the gallant little band who, in the year 1778, stood
forth against overwhelming numbers of the enemy
in defense of the homes and firesides of Wyoming
and Pennsylvania; while the distinguished repre-
sentatives of both the Republican and Democratic
parties, including among them gentlemen who
have repeatedly occupied seats upon the floor of
this House, together with jurists and lawyers,
whose abilities, let me observe, in their high
spheres of action are without superiors anywhere
in these States, and, m fact, men in all stations
and ranks of life, the business man, the author, the
farmer, the mechanic, and the miner, united m one
^mighty, spontaneous, and emphatic indorsement
of the national compact, and uttered a withering
malediction on those fanatics who seek to disturb
its obligations. These resolutions (which I shall
ask you to read, Mr. Clerk) do not simply ex-
press the feelings of the people of the twelfth dis-
trict; I know, sir, that they indicate the sentiment
of my whole State; and after these resolutions
have been listened to, I venture to say, the hon-
orable gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] will
be led to acknowledge that Barnstable is not the
only bright spot in the northern States.
Ihc Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
"The citizens of the couuly of Luzerne hcio assembled
to-night, mo.<peetive of party, do prochum.
uThat they aie the fast and abiding fuemN of the Fed-
eral Union; that thev know 110 Noith, no East, no .South,
no \Ves-t, that is entitled to any particular puvilego under
the Constitution and law4* of the land ; hutone .-olid and
compact whole, as it ciunc fiom the hand-< of our levolu-
tionaiy fatheis, it i* our wish mid doiio to preserve, and
transmit it to our chihhcn a<? a legacy of narnele-s pure, a
theoiyand ^vsiem ot government more perfect in itself than
the woild evei *<aw.
•'That tho r-oparate and mdepcndcntsovcrciejnticsof the
several .States ot this (Tmon are constitutional'guarantee*;
and that any attempt upon tho pait ol the citizens of one to
mterloie with the .social and domestic relations of unoihn,
by loice or violence, is treason, and deserves the penalties
which the law mjpos.es on that high and icvolling came.
"That the late attempt of a gam; ot lawless and despei
ate men at Iiarpei's Feiry to levolutionizo the Government,
hy creating a servile msuiieetion in the South, meats the
tebuke and cen&iue of eveiy patiiot in the land ; and the
punishment they leeeivcd is hut the penalty due to eame.
Let the aulPis,<-omfoi torsand abettors of that tieasonablo
scheme solace themselves with the thought that their saicty
lies in the concealment of their crime.
"That the pjajei uioctinsrs and the public a^embiic
which have recently been held, ^ mp-uluzmjr with the fel-
ons connected with the outiage at Haiper's Feriy, have a
hold and uucmutr tendency to dcstioy the public moral-?,
to weaken and impair the bonds of the Federal Union, and
to hung into icproach and di-giace the Chilian leligion.
"That secession or disunion is to he condemned where
ever it may be uttered, ft is not to be tolerated. And that,
while the people of the Noith proclaim this sentiment, let
them not be tne cause, by their acts, of aggression upon tho
institutions of the South. And to he able to give moial
power to thco pi eat truths, It can only be done by living
up to the letter and spirit of the compact of the" States.
White the seal of the covenant remains unbioken, disunion
can nevei rear its dcfoimed and Imleou- face.
"That we do umjualitiedly approve of the conduct of the
Executive and people of the old Commonwealth of Virginia
m the prompt and effectual punishment of the men who
daied to subveit hei government and laise in s-eivile rebel-
lion a poition of her people; and that we do also approve
of the decided and firm stand taken bv the Executive of
this ^tate.m ^uirendeungiip the cumimils fleeing fiom that
justice which then crimes honestly meated May the same
faendly spiat between tiie great States of Vuginia and
Pennsylvania,^ existed in the daysofthe .Revolution,and
now, continue fojever.
" That we are law-abidmcj men, and Union-loving men ;
that foi the safe, harmonious, and successful administta-
tion of the affaas of the Fedeial Government, winch in-
volve the 'happiness and welfare ot twenty-five million
people, there is no law of political action paiamount to
the Federal Constitution; it i* the very highest law which
can shield mid protect the whole people of the Union ; and
in the support and maintenance of the high and exalted
principles embiacedm that Constitution, liberty, such as
American citizens only know how to appreciate and value,
can alone be prescived.
" Resolved, That the foregoing opinions express the views
of tln  meeting on the seveial measures theie embiaced.
" Resolved, That these proceedings be published in all
the papers of this county, and such other papers throughout
the Union as may be inclined to do so."
Mr. SCRANTON. Now, sir, I trust not only
the gentleman from Alabama, but all gentlemen
from the South, will be satisfied with the loyalty
of my constituents.
Tho charge has gone forth from this House,
and been caught up by the partisan press, that the
Republicans have boasted of the ability of the
North, with its population of eighteen million,
to coerce into submission the people of the South.
The sentiment expressed by my colleague [Mr.
Hickman] has, I think, been perverted from the
meaning intended by him. But, while I have the
highest appreciation of his able and fearless course
here, in vindication of sound principles, even in
its original shape it is, in my opinion, objection-
able; all such invidious comparisons of strength
only tend to foment discord and alienation, and
to widen the breach that seems to be opening be-
tween the two great sections of our country. Mr
Hickman is compctentto defend his own opinions.
I merely allude to this expression in order to show
thatwhile such charges arc hurled against Repub-
licans, it should be remembered that he has taken
pains, on more than one occasion, in this House,
to affirm the orthodoxy of his Democracy, and to
resent all attempts to nnpeach it.
My fervent hope is, that our power as a people
will be reserved for nobler objects than fratricidal
strife, and be united without regard to section in
advancing those aims of civilization by whicli the
Union will be made prosperous, happy, and great.
1 heartily agree wita the honorable and eloquent
gentle-man from South Carolina, (Mr. Miles,]
that no State or section of this Confederacy can
be forced into subjection by the others without a
virtual dissolution of the Union. Such a suppo-
sition, as the gentleman aptly remarked, is totally
at variance with the quality of our common Anglo-
Saxon nature.
Finally, Mr. Clerk, I am one of those who have
faith in the perpetuity of the Union; confidence
in the wisdom and good sense of the people both
at the North and at the South. Beyond that, I
believe that the benign Ruler of mankind who
watched over and led our fathers, when darkness
and adversity surrounded them, by a pillar of
cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night, to final
triumph and victory, will not desert us now. But,
sir, I deplore tho bitter words, the caustic animad-
versions and criminations uttered here from day
to day; here, sir, in the halls of the Capitol, is the
place to begin the blessed work of reconciliation.
Let us set a glorious fraternal example to the
people of our country by abstaining in our debates
on this floor, from what serves to irritate with-
out convincing.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the permission of
my colleague from the Luzerne district, I rise for
the purpose of giving a cordial indorsement to the
just anu patriotic; sentiments contained in the res-
olutions which hnve just been read at the Clerk's
desk. The time has arrived, when it becomes
proper for those who, like my colleague and my-
self, represent portions of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, to say upon this floor, for her and for her
people, that Pennsylvania cannot be suspected of
entertaining any hostile sentiments, or of cherish-
ing any aggressive policy against her sister States.
In the exciting, useless, and inflammatory debate
which has been progressing within this Hall for
the last five weeks, her honor has not been called
in question, her character as a law-and-order-abid-
ing State has not and cannot be successfully as-
sailed.
Sir, Pennsylvania always has been true, and
always will be true, to the Constitution and the
laws of the land. No true man who will consult
her history, or refer to the past and present char-
acter of hei people, will for a moment doubt tho
one or the other. I rejoice that my colleague has
had the good sense, firmness, and patriotism, at
a time like this, to rise in his place and manfully
indorse the sentiments, just and national as they
are, which have been read to the House. And
let me say, for my own great State, that she is too
great to be unjust to 'jer sister States. Her posi-
tion, I repeat it, has ever been and ever will
be that of a Constitution-loving and law-abiding
State. She knows the value of this magnificent
Unioft of ours too well to make assaults herself
upon that Union, or to permit others to do so.
She holds within her borders revolutionary bat-
