1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
tie-fields, upon which her sons shed their blood to
secure and perpetuate the blessings of the Union.
Can she forget this? Can she be false to past
renown, and present peace, security, and pros-
perity ?
Sir, with a population of three million, an em-
pire in herself, she sits there among her mountains
with her iron crown upon her head and point-
ing to her proud revolutionary trophies relies
upon the justice, patriotism, and courage of her
hardy sons. Pennsylvania is for the Union abso-
lutely, without qualification, in all contingencies,
through every danger, and against the world in
arms. There is no such word as "disunion," or
that other treasonable word "secession," in her
vocabulary. No disumonist could breathe upon
her glorious soil. Her people believe that the
Union will look down upon the graves of traitors
for a thousand years. She gave her blood and
her treasure for the Union of these States, and
under our wise system of Government she has
prospered until she has grown to be a great and
powerful Commonwealth. And under its benign
influence her sister States have prospered, new
States and new Territories have formed to the
shores of the Pacific, and a thousand valleys have
been filled with a free, happy, and prosperous
people. Under our free institutions thecommerce
of the country has spread over tile land and over
the sea, and the evidences of civilization have
bespangled a mighty continent. These are some
of the blessings which have followed in the wake
of our free form of Government. May it be per-
petual!
Sir, let 110 man say that Pennsylvania will em-
bark in any unlawful crusade against her neigh-
bors. We believe in the equality of the States
under the Constitution and laws; but we never
indorsed that abominable heresy that this Gov-
ernment of ours is a mere confederation of States.
That idea v.-e got rid of with the old, cumbersome
Confederation, it was the people of the country
who formed the Government under which we live
and prosper; it was the work of their hands. The
General Government holds the aggregate of power
conferred by the people, not by States, as such.
That fact they made patent upon the face of the
Constitution itself, by declaring that "We, the
people of the United States, ill order to form a more
perfcct Union," &c., "establish this Constitu-
tion." The people made it, and the people will
take care of it. I never doubted that for a moment.
Sir, I am altogether opposed to the idea that I
have heard advanced here, that any one portion
of this Confederacy will at any period of time
make war upon any other portion. I cannot en-
tertain that idea for a moment. I have too much
confidence ill the intelligence and common sense
and patriotism of my countrymen to suppose it a
possible contingency. And I will not draw com-
parisons between any sections of my country m
relation to the braiery of my countrymen. Itcan
do no good—it would be fruitful m excitement
and acrimony. I believe that all Americans are
equally brave. I scorn the idea that there is any
difference in point of courage between the ireemen
of the United States, residing in different portions
of the country. All are of the Anglo-Saxon race.
All are free and independent men, and equal in
point of true, manly courage. It will stultify any
Representative to attempt to show that any por-
tion of his countrymen are not as brave as any
other portion. Through the veins of over thirty
million of freemen residing in this land, rolls the
unconquerable blood of the Anglo-Saxon race.
That is my answer to the enemies of my country
who ma v attempt to draw invidious distinctions
botwoeii'the courage of the people of one part of
the Confederacy and of another part.
xYow, Mr. Clerk, one word m regard to the vote
which I gave, m connection with several of my
colleagues and others, for the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmlr,] as Speaker
of this House. With my colleagues I followed
the flag borne by the illustrious Henry Clay, ot
Kentucky, for over ten years ot my life. I never
hear that name mentioned without ieelmgthose
emotions of patriotism and of admiration lor the
memory of the great dead, which can only spring
into action at tile mention of immortal names. I
followed the banner of Henry Clay until that Hag
was folded upon his breast, and laid upon lus
grave. Then, sir, 1 united my political fortunes '
with those of the American Republican party.
In Pennsylvania we call it the People's party—
you may call it the American Republican party
of the State of Pennsylvania, if you please;names
signify but little, principles are everything. The
doctrines of that party, as I understand them—
I speak for myself alone—are these: We are the
friends of the Union and of the Constitution and
of all its compromises. We were opposed to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise line—a repeal
which has opened tlic floodgate of slavery agita-
tion upon us. That repeal was the rcsultof south-
ern votes, southern agitation, and southern coun-
sels; it was a Democratic vote and Democratic
counsels that destroyed the compromise of 1820.
But, sir, we indorsed the compromise measures
of 1850, in the State of Pennsylvania, without
distinction of party. We did so for peace, and in
the hope that no further compromise would be re-
quired at our hands. Have the people of illy State
violated those compromise measures ? Can you
lay your hands upon the record and show that
Pennsylvania refuses to carry out in good faith
the compromise measures of 1850? We at the
North have kept faith upon all the compromises
we have ever made with the people of the South.
We of Pennsylvania have executed all the laws,
not only in their letter but in their spirit. We re-
pudiate none of the compromises of the Constitu-
tion, nor any law made under it. We stand where
we stood m 1850. Oil the contrary, the South has
advanced beyond tlie letter and spirit of that and
all other compromises made between the North
and the South. The administration of Mr. Buch-
anan is now demanding congressional legislation
to protect slave property in the Territories. Who
supposed a demand of that kind could be seriously
made upon the freemen of the North, ill 1820?
Who could have supposed so in 1850? Do you
not remember the wrongs indicted upon Kansas?
There was an effort made by an Administration
calling ltM^lf Democratic, by every species of
wrong and force and fraud, to compcl an unwill-
ing people to accept a constitution which they
had not, and could not have, any voice or vote in
forming. Have we forgotten or can we forget
the iniquitous Lecompton policy of this Adminis-
tration ? Did you believe that the freemen of the
country would tamely submit to so gross an out-
rage upon their rights, and upon the very principle
upon which our Government is based ?
We cannot see where all this will end if it is not
promptly checked by lawful and proper means.
Unchecked, it would drive free labor into the frozen
lakes of the North, and convert our great free
Territories into a slave mart.
And further, sir, the People's party of Penn-
sylvania are opposed to slavery expansion, and
slavery aggression. We will oppose both within
the Union, and within the spirit of the Constitu-
tion and the laws, through the instrumentality of
the ballot-box and all oilier lawful means. We
believe that if you electa southern man, or if we
fleet a northern man; if we elect a Republican
or People's man, or you a strict follower of the
aggressions as recommended by the President, of
the' United States in Ins recent message,.that man,
whoever he may be, will take Ills seat in the ex-
ecutive chair so certainly us the sun shall dawn_
upon the day. He will do it peaceably; and if
necessary, Mr. Clerk, the power of this great
empire, iiow slumbering m iis strength between
two oceans, the eood t(ien of all parties, from ail
sections of the United States, would put forth an
effoitto enforce the laws. I repudiate the jdea
that any man, of any political faith, cannot be
lawfully, peaceably, and quietly earned into the
presidential chair. Who will oppose it ? Where
will treason show its front? Who will commit
the overt act? I believe the people of this great
land, and of every section of it, would rise in their
mightandsupport tin: laws of the country. Where
is the statute, where the clause of the Constitu-
tion, which prescribes the political tests of politi-
cal faith for the President of the United Stati s, or
the Speaker of this House ; Gentlemen talk about
the Helper book. 1 have neither read nor recom-
mended it. If it contains the sentiments which
it is said to contain, 1 o.are not to do either. But
who gave gentlemen the right to make that, or any
other book the touchstone of political faith and
political eligibility r
One word, sir, m regard to my vote for the
honorable gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Gilmeii.] That gentleman was the warm friend
of Henry Clay, of Kentucky. He is in favor of
administering this House upon its great Ameri-
can originals. He is in favor of that doctrine
which wc cherish, and which every State in this
great Confederacy true to her interests will cher-
ish—the doctrine of protection for American la-
bor, American capital and enterprise, for our agri-
cultural, mineral, and manufacturing resources,
against foreign labor, foreign capital, and foreign
workshops. A doctrine, sir, which, if carried out
to the practical adoption of a wise, national, and
sufficient tariff law at this session, with specific
duties, will bring back prosperity and reward to
all parts of our land; will relight the fires of our
furnaces and forges, will reward the laborer, give
employment to the miner, and establish a con-
venient and certain market for the farmer. Sir, I
have voted for that gentleman with the greatest
pleasure; X voted for him on two ballots, because
he is a patriotic man, because he is in favor of
the Union as she is, the. Constitution and the
laws, opposed to aggression, and because he is
the unflinching friend, as remarked yesterday by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] of
adequate protection to American industry and
capital.
1 have a word to say, before I take my seat, in
regard to a certain remark made by the honorable
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gartrell,] who
addressed the House yesterday. I am one of
those men, sir, who take a pride in the resources
of this country generally. I will not indulge in
invidious comparisons between the productions of
the various States. Now and then, however, it
is refreshing to refer to the statistical facts, when
wc desire information on any point. The honor-
able gentleman stated yesterday that the cotton
crop of Georgia would buy the State of Pennsyl-
vania. I suppose the gentleman intended to in-
dulge m a little pleasantry, and I propose to
answer him in the same strain—with the under-
standing, however, that I shall refer to facts.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. CAMPBELL. In a moment.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 was discussing with the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Hickman.] That
gentleman was insisting upon the number of arms
that could be manufactured in the North in a few
days. My remark was intended to apply to arms.
I desired to state that one cotton crop of Georgia
would more than buy all the arms you have m
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With that qualification, I
can very readily understand the remark of the gen-
tleman from Georgia. I am not prepared to state,
for I have not the statistics before me, as to the
number and the value of the arms in Pennsylvania.
I do not know what amount of capital it would be
nccessary for the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia to invest in order to buy the arms of our volun-
teers and the State property withm our arsenals.
They might possibly be purchased; they could not
be taken. But having gone to some little trouble to
procure statistics, for the purpose of replying to
tin; gentleman's remark, I will give my friend the
figures showing the amount of capital nccessary
to purchase one of the sixty-five counties of Penn-
sylvania. Tlic cotton crop of Georgia, as appears
from the last census, is estimated in value atabout,
fifteen million dollars. It will now reach prob-
ably, if not quite, twenty million dollars. 1 will
give the gentleman the benefit of the outside figure.
I want to refer the gentleman to the fact that, in
1850, the crops of Pennsylvania, ill an impcrfect
estimate, amounted to about the following:
Hay  § 10,(100.000
Wheat" '  1S,IUW).0U0
Coin  9,000.000
]{ve   o,:')t)0,0U0
(Vats.."..'.  .•">.00(1.000
Wool   1,000.000
Tiuckwhc'a't  1,003,000
(Hover-seed  1,000.000
Butler  5,900,000
$49.701),OOP
For the accuracy of these figures, and I believe
they are much below the mark, I will refer gentle-
men to tlie census compend of 1850, and to De
Bow's Review. If gentlemen can give me any
more accurate information, I would like to have it.
I have not estimated the annual value of very
many productions, nor is it necessary to do so at
this time. That makes the aggregate ot certain
