406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
leading agricultural products, $49,700,000. And
I want to call the attention of the House to the
fact that the value of the minerals of one of the
two counties which I have the honor to represent,
the county of Schuylkill alone, the leading anthra-
cite county of the State of Pennsylvania, in 1855,
amounted in value to about twenty million dollars.
That of the countics of Luzerne and Lehigh would
probably be equal to the production of Schuylkill
county. I will compare the agricultural and min-
eral productions of the county of Lancaster alone
with the statistics of Georgia—of course in a good-
natured way—whenever we have time and oppor-
tunity to discuss that question, after this House
shall be organized.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will state that when that
time does arise, I will take very great pleasure to
show him the productions of Georgia; and I will
take very great pleasure in demonstrating the fact
to this House that the southern States, though
J hey are in a minority in this Government, export
largely more than the entire northern States of
this Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let that issue, then, be
joined between us—the relative value of produc-
tion and export—and I will take pleasure in en-
lightening the gentleman upon that subject, at the
proper time. I know the State of Georgia has
taken some steps towards increasing her manu-
facturing interests, for I know that certain ma-
chinists and mechanics have gone to Georgia from
my own county—very capable and good meg—
and arc now working m the machine shops and
founderics there. I rejoice in it—in the general
prosperity of the country. Does the gentleman
conceive that I allow my patriotism or pride of
country to bo limited by State lines? I take this
to be a Government of the people, and the gentle-
man from Georgia and his constituency form a
part of it. When comparisons are introduced,
the object should be to show the advance of trade
and business generally. They are always wel-
come when they demonstrate our progress as a
people.
In conclusion, I desire to say that the grand
aggregate of the agricultural, mineral, and manu-
facturing productions of Pennsylvania will equal,
annually, if they do notcxcecd,*$500,000,000; and
I will undertake to show, at a proper time, from
reliable statistics, that they will reach that figure
annually. I think the cotton crop of ali the south-
ern States ranges annually from $165,000,000 to
$185,000,000.
In this connection, I might refer to the county
of Lancaster, which, in 1850, produced crops
which may be valued at about the following fig-
ures:
Wheat  $1,365,111
Corn  1,\>00',000
Rye and outa  1,H00,U0(>
Hay  1,140,000
H utter  2U0,<)00
Total. $5,505,111
To this must be added the yearly average ad-
vance in yield within the last ten years. And I
moke these remarks to show the progress we arc
making under a wise Government.
To return, then, to the subject with which I com-
menced these remarks, I desire to say ihat at all
times, to " the last syllable of recorded time," I
trust, Pennsylvania, with ali her resources, with all
hcrpeople,will be found upoii the side of the Union,
the Constitution, and the laws. I do not wantgen-
tiemen to suppose that I referred to the productions
of my State as an element of aggressive power, or
that our people will ever be employed to compel
or force a certain part or any part of our nation
to remain in the Union. We do not anticipate that
necessity, it does not enter into our calculations;
we hold that idea in perfect contempt. The ne-
cessity cannot arrive; our people arc too wise.
One word more to our southern friends. When
gentlemen upon that side of the House, of the
Democratic party, endeavor to connect the people
nf my State with insurrection, or complicity with
insurrection; when they endeavor to connect them
with the John Brown raid, directly or indirectly,
we have no answer to make to such a calumny. My
people are a proud and sensitive people/and they
would scorn me if I consented to put them on the
defensive upon such a charge. If made, I would not
answer the calumny; my people would justly hold
me responsible for doing so. When gentlemen
address me as their peer upon this floor by argu-
ment, in afair, frank, and friendly way, I will listen
to them with the greatest respect and pleasure; but
for menaces, for charges of complicity with trea-
son and insurrection, I have no reply. I point to
my State, to her history, to her national spirit, to
her whole free, just, an 5. fearless people, and shew
that she has always been opposed to lawless
aggressions at all times, and at all places. With all
the spirit and all the power necessary to take care
of herself, she is too just to encroach upon the
rights of others.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. Clerk, it was not my inten-
tion to address the House upon any question in-
volved in its organization, but, as the whole field
of politics has been thrown open, I feel that I owe
it to my constituents to join in the discussion;
and, in doing so, shall address myself to three
propositions. 1. The present condition of public
opinion as to the real character of our Federal
system: 2. The basis and motive of that opinion;
and 3. The remedy for the evils which have im-
paired the integrity of the Government, and now
threaten the subversion of the Constitution. Pre-
liminary to the argument, I will say it is my solemn
conviction that no amount of effort, however well
diiected and praiseworthy, can ever rescue the
Constitution from the perils which surround it,
or restore the Government to its original purity,
and perpetuate it in that form.
The elements entering into our political combi-
nation are so complicated and discordant that
human infirmity will never allow them to coexist
m safety and harmony. No man who deals justly
with himself can close his eyes to the antagonism,
organic and vital, apparent m every motion of our
Federal machinery. True, we heai daily profes-
sions of fidelity to the Constitution. From the
remotest stand-points of difference we hear loud
disclaimers of all purpose hostile to the South and
her State institutions. And yet, who fails to sec
here, at this very hour, that our constitutional
machinery is stationary, because the two sections
North and South arc endeavoring to move it in
opposite directions? Who so ignorant as to have
escaped the fact that the Constitution, by differ-
ence of construction in the two sections, is made
to establish governments wholly unlike in char-
acter and powers,with rights and guarantees rec-
ognized in one which are denied and repudiated
in the other.
The northern theory is, that the Constitution
of the United States is the offspring of the numer-
ical power of the whole people, regarded as one
political community. This radical error is the
source ofmanyothersequallymischievous. That
there is personal responsibility for every right,
privilege, and institution, recognized or tolerated
in our political system; and, if wron^ in morals
or politics, duty demands individual and associ-
ated action to rectify or destroy. Also, that indi-
vidual allegiance to the Stnte is merged in the
general mass of allegiance to the central Govern-
ment. Also, that the powers of Congress were
not delegated but surrendered, abandoned, by the
States, and consolidated in the supreme head.
Hence, that the Government is not Federal, but
national; and that parties, patriotism, and alle-
giance are national. Also, that the people of every
£>tatc and section are homogeneous, with harmo-
nious interests and pursuits; and, if homogen-
eous, with harmonious interests and pursuits, it is
claimed that the power of ultimate decision, sov-
ereignty, resides with the general mass. Also, that
the popular will of this general mass should pre-
side over the action of the Government, and de-
termine what is the general welfare, and what
powers exist to promote it. Such is the political
philosophy of those who strike down State sov-
ereignty and State rights, and whoso aim is the
abolition of slavery, and the establishment of
northern supremacy.
In opposition to this theory, the South con-
tends that the Constitution is the result of the
concurrent action of the people of each State by
virtue of their sovereignty and independence; that
it passed the ordeal of nine State conventions,
each of which had absolute, unrestrained juris-
diction over the question of its adoption or rejec-
tion, and the consequent life or death of the Con-
stitution. The Constitution is the offspring of
thirteen concurrent sovereignties. Its distinctive
cnaracteristics and main excellence consist in the
checking power of minorities. The concurrence
of separate, independent majorities in producing
results is the predicate of the whole system of
checks and balances, and imparts to the Republic
all its elasticity and power of expansion. We
find analogies to support this system in the pro-
ductions and laws of nature. In the vegetable
kingdom, each tree and flower exert their power
of absorption upon surrounding nutriment and
moisture, and those not occupying a proper rela-
tion to neighboring vegetation droop and die. In
the solar system we have a sublime exhibition of
counter action producing uninterrupted harmony.
Wherever we discover elements or animals m
combination, nature has provided the means of
preventing conflict or resisting encroachment.
In theory, every interest of tlm peopl efmds a
representative in some one of the departments of
Government, and the concurrence of that repre-
sentative is required in all legislation affecting that
interest. So that in case there is conflict, protec-
tion is expected from the checking power of the
representative. As all legislation must have the
sanction of the several majorities entering into the
law-making power, it was thought that no one
inteiest could be fostered to the prejudice of an-
other, but that all would receive equal benefit and
protection. This indemnity against encroachment
proceeds from the right of making choice of agents
existing in a majority of those of like interest.
Similarity of interest is the source, and the ballot-
box the channel of that power which was intended
to afford security to the citizen, county, State,
and section.
The Federal arrangement did not result in the
creation of a separate Government with independ-
ent being and powers, but only in the readjust-
ment of the organism which had" proved imperfect
under the old Articles of Confederation.
It will be conceded that the Federal Govern-
ment has no powers incident to its own being.
Its powers are not inherent, self-existing, but are
derived, delegated, not for its own purposes, but
in trust for the benefit of the States. Hence, the
true relation between the States and the Federal
Government is that of principal and agent, the two
being coordinate when possessing like powers,
and each supreme in the rightful use of the powers
not possessed by the other m their relation. The
distinction is between the constitution-making
power and the law-making power. The one pos-
sesses original, inherent life itself. The other is
a mere custodian of power, a creature with a bor-
rowed existence. The former creates; the latter
exerciscs power. The one is always principal m
that it creates; the other coordinate,and in some
cases supreme, in the mere exercise of power.
Sovereignty resides exclusively in the constitu-
tion-making power. Its essence consists solely
m the fact that there can be no limitation upon
its exeicise. Sovereignty is the "unrestrained
supremo power of ultimate decision." And it
is impossible for such a power to coexist in two
branches of the same organism. Under our sys-
tem, sovereignty cannot reside in any law-making
power, for the reason that law-making power is
derived, delegated, and sovereignty is necessarily
a unit, inherent and indivisible. Any agent or
creature may exercise sovereign power; but the
delegation of the power does not carry that which
alone preserves the relation of principal and agent;
neither can it destroy the power of revocation in
the principal.
Sovereignty and allegiance are inseparable.
The constitution-making power is entitled to the
unlimited allegiance of the citizen; and the law-
making power, rightfully exercised, is entitled to
the obedience of the citizen.
The whole argument comcs to this: That the
essence of our entire system of Government is
embraced in the just and equitable idea that it is
a compact among coequal sovereigns for the mu-
tual benefit of all. It is founded in trust and con-
fidence. Honesty of action, uprightness of pur-
pose, justice and good faith, are as necessary to
its being as food, light, and air are indispensable
to animal existence.
These are the hostile governments which the
two sections are endeavoring to administer and
perpetuate under one Constitution.
The framers of our Government encountered the
greatest trouble in the adjustment of the delegated
and reserved powers. Some feared that the Fed-
eral Government, by unauthorized construction,
wtmld so enlarge and consolidate its powers as to
