1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2371
Mr. HUNTER. The treaty with the Sioux
Indians and at Fort Laramie.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I was going to mention
the treaty at Fort Laramie, and some subsequent
ones with the Cheyennes and Apaches, and
some other wild tribes there. They were not
treaties of cession, and we did not acquire one
foot of land, and did not acknowledge they owned
one foot of land. They roamed from the western
part of Kansas, upon the Nueces, to the head-
waters of the Missouri, and these treaties were
attempts to regulate the Indians, as between them-
selves, in regard to roaming over particular dis-
tricts of country. "We acquired no territory, and
gave them no pay for land, and acknowledged
no proprietary right of theirs to the land. They
were councils in the sense in which the Senator
from Mississippi spoke of them as councils. "We
paid them a small annual pension, or a tribute,
or a present, or by whatever name you may call
it, which was a simple acknowledgment for the
injury which the emigration over the plains might
occasion to them in exterminating the buffalo,
and depriving them of their natural sustenance
and subsistence.
There is one treaty, however, proposed to be
negotiated in thisamendmentwiththeChippewas
of the Red River of the North. They are a set-
tled, stationary people, having proprietary rights
along upon the banks of the Red River of the
North. They must be treated with upon the basis
upon which other treaties have been heretofore
made. They must be paid for their land. The
necessity of that acquisition is now urgent. In
1851, when it was originally acquired by treaties,
when they were rejected, it was not necessary.
Now it has become so. But us to the large part
of the expenditure here proposed, it is only for
the purpose of holding councils and making con-
ciliatory arrangements with those nomadic tribes
upon the plains, which involve the cession of no
territory and the payment for no land. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi, therefore, is substantially
right, and the Senator from Virginia was mistaken
in the fact of there being any treaties of the kind in-
volved m this amendment thatare obnoxious to his
objections. This whole subject was well under-
stood the other day, when we discussed the pre-
liminary question to this, and now having ob-
tained estimates from the proper Department of
the ordinary and usual expenditures of holding
the councils, we merely ask that the amount con-
tained in those estimates may be granted for a
purpose so absolutely necessary.
Mr. LANE. I have very great doubts myself
about the good that cart result from this kind of
councils. Whenever you get Indians together
and give them presents, it creates an expectation
that will make it necessary to continue giving
them presents and furnishing them lrom time to
time with such demands as they may make upon
the Government, or they will make war. It en-
courages them to hostilities. Now, sir, so far as
the extinguishment of the Indian title in Minne-
sota is concerned, I have no objection to it. I
think the title ought to be extinguished within the
limits of a State wherever the Indians are. You
are appropriating a large amount of money here
for the purpose merely of holding a council—a
talk—with the Indians away on the plains, with
roving bands that care nothing about promises.
They feel under no obligation by them. They
are ready to violate a promise the very next day
after they make it. The amendment will, I think,
result in very heavy expenditure and very little
good. If you will make a display of force out
ihere—an armed force sufficient to awe them and
make them know that if they commit depreda-
tions they will be punished—then you may keep
peace with them; but this thing of presents and
appropriations for holding a talk with the Indians,
or councils, if you will call them so, will not re-
sult in any permanent good. On the contrary,
my opinion is, that it will result m trouble m
bringing on hostilities, in inducing them to rob
and plunder and commit depredations when oth-
erwise perhaps they would not. Therefore, I
move to strike out all of the amendment except
that portion of it which provides for holding a
treaty with a view of extinguishing the Indian
title to their possessions, or their possessory right
to land in the State of Minnesota, with a view of
testing this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon to the amendment.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreedto.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it
read as it now stands.
The Secretary read the amendment as amended,
as follows:
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet expenses necessary in holdinga coun-
cil with the Ked Lake and Red River Chippewas in the
State of Minnesota, for the extinguishment of their title to
lands in that State, said Indians numbering about two thou-
sand souls, $>10,000: Provided, The goods purchased in
1858 for the Yanctonnais band of Sioux, the reception of
which was declined by them, may be used m the negotia-
tions with the said Chippewas of Red lake find Red river.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
vote has been taken on the motion to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moved to amend the amendment by
striking out a certain portion of it. That motion
prevailed, and the question now is upon the amend-
mentas amended; in other words, what is retained
of the original amendment.
Mr. BROWN. There is no objection to that,
I understand.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes there is.
Mr. BRAGG. I understand it only appropri-
ates $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole wore concurred in and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a thn d time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE. 1 rise for the purpose of having a
clerical error corrected in the bill just passed. It
is alter the word "Minnesota," to put in "and
Iowa," and then to strike out after the word
"Lake," the words " in the State of Iowa."
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be done by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is still
in the possession of the Senate, and the correction
can be made by unanimous consent. The Chair
hearing no objection interposed, tin* modification
is made accordingly.
A MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A messcige from the House of Representatives
by Mr. 1*3 a yes , Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concuirence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 447) for the relief of the children of
the late Captain E. A. Capron;
A bill (No. 448) granting an invalid pension to
Esther P. Fox, widow of Augustus C. Fox;
A bill (No. 449) for the relief of Eunice Cobb;
A bill (No. 450) for the relief of Thomas Berry;
A bill (No. 452) granting a pension to Asa
Wells;
A bill (No. 453) granting an invalid pension to
Anselm Clarkson, of Missouri;
A bill (No. 454) granting a pension to Andrew
Tcmpleton;
A bill (No. 455) granting an invalid pension to
Chauncey Hoy t, of Chenango county, New York;
A bill (l\o. 456) granting a pension to James
Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (No. 458) for the relief of Mrs. Rachel
McMillan;
A bill (No. 459) granting an increase of pen-
sion to James Dunning;
A bill (No. 460) granting an invalid pension to
William Eddy;
A bill (No. 461) granting an invalid pension to
Charles Appleton;
A bill (No. 462) granting an invalid pension to
Hugh Baker;
A bill (No. 463) granting an invalid pension to
Samuel Hamilton;
A bill (No. 465) granting a pension to Mary
Shirchif, widow of John Shircliff;
A bill (No. 466) granting an invalid pension to
Thomas Glasgow;
A bill (No. 507) authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land warrant to Daniel
Davis;
A bill (No. 517) for the relief of George F.
Means;
A bill (No. 520) directing the conveyance of a
lot of ground for the use of the public schools in
the city of Washington; and
A bill (No. 529) to incorporate the Metropoli-
ton Gas Light Company in the District of Colum-
bia. ' 4
The message further announced that the House
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 637) to settle the titles to certain
lands set apart for the use of certain half-breed
Kansas Indians in Kansas Territory.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 106) authorizing the Domestic and
Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States to enter
a certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin;
A bill (No. 253) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Wetonsaw, son of James Connor;
*A bill (No. 373) for the relief of William P.
Bowhay; and
A bill (No. 468) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize an institution for the insane of
the Army and Navy and of the District of Co-
lumbia" in so id District.
The message further announced that the House
had rejected the bill of the Senate (No. 69) for
the relief of Livingston, ICinkead & Company.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had oidered, on the 25th instant, the printing of
the following documents;
Letter of the Secretary of War, calling attention
to an error in the print of the House Executive
Document No. 65 of the present session of Con-
gress—ordered at eleven o'clock and twenty min-
utes.
Letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting "abstract of the offers for carrying the
mails made within the year preceding the 1st of
Jul}', 1859, and a report of all contracts made for
the transportation of the mails within the year
aforesaid," &c.—ordered at three o'clock and
forty-nine minutes.
Resolves of the Legislature of Tennessee, in
reference to the negotiation of a treaty with the
kingdom of Great Britain for the rendition of fu-
gitives from labor—ordered at two o'clock, p. m.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
An act (H. R. No. 4) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861;
An act (H. R. No. 637) to settle the titles to
ccrtain lands set apart for the use of certain half-
breed Kansas Indians in Kansas Territory; and
An act (H. 11. No. 706) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States, in conjunction with the
State of California, to run and mark the bound-
ary lines between the Territories of the United
States and the State of California.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Lauderdale county, Mississippi, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Herbert to
Marion Station, on the Mobile and Ohio railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Texas, praying the establishment of a
mail route from La Grange to Evergreen, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Officc and Post Roads.
He also presented papers relative to the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Cora to Camanche,
in the State of Texas; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
 
CONTRACTS FOR GRANITE, ETC.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate the amounts due the several
conn actors for granite, or other materials, already delivered
foi the construction of the Tiea^ury building aud the cus-
tom-houses at New Oilcans and Chaileston.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S,No. 469) for the relief of A.H. Jones and
