1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
overshadow the several State governments—ulti-
mately usurp all the reserved powers, and build
up ail oppressive centralism. Others thought the
Federal Government would be too weak to protect
itself against the absorption of its powers by the
States. That the States united against it in any
claim of power, would always defeat its exercise.
And in case there was conflict between the two it
was thought the States would sustain oach other,
and thus in the end strip the Go vernmen t of its po w-
ers, or so cripple their exercise as to reduce it to a
mere skeleton. Although such fears were reason-
able, yet experience has taught us that the greatest
danger is to be apprehended from a different com-
bination. There is no conflict between the Fed-
eral Government and the States united in vindi-
cation of their sovereignty and reserved rights.
The scramble is between the States themselves to
get possession of the Federal Government, to es-
tablish and enforce the respective theories I have
indicated as obtaining in the two sections. If the
majority section demands legislation to promote
its interests and purposes, its ropresentativesarrive
at the power by construction, and in this way
State sovereignty and reserved right are united
with delegated and assumed powers to accomplish
a common purpose, and they go hand in hand in
the work of usurpation and aggression.
A brief examination into the practical workings
of these two hostile systems must satisfy every
honest man, capable of self-government, that
northern theories and policy have had steady,
vigorous development from the beginning; while
southern rights and equality, southern institu-
tions and civilization have been subjected to the
most exhausting pressure, and compelled to en-
counter insult and wrong trying to the most
Christian forbearance.
The northern section of the Confederacy is
composed of carrying, manufacturing, commer-
cial, and provision States. Their people arc fond
of dominion, full of enterprise, possessed of great
mechanical genius, remarkable for cunning, self-
confidence and esteem, watchful of little things,
devoted to traffic, and endowed with wonderful
tenacity of purpose.
The great value of this Government to these
people is to legalize monopoly, regulate stocks
and currency, open commercial highways, en-
courage a liberal system of bounty legislation at
the expense of their confederates, and exercise
general supervision over their plantation States at
the South; reforming the moral, social, and polit-
ical evils encouraged by their southern tenantry.
These people are all the time clamorous for
Government aid in their business and pursuits.
The carrying States must enjoy a monopoly in
coastwise navigation; and it is secured by legis-
lation, which has drained the South for over forty
jrears. The manufacturing States want protection
against foreign rivals, and it is granted through the
revenue policy of the Government. High duties
are imposed on importations for the specific pur-
pose of excluding the foreign rival from our mar-
kets, thereby compelling the southern people to
buy at increased prices at home, or forcing them
to pay the duty 11" bought abroad and imported.
In this way, it is a well-ascertained fact .that the
exporting or southern States pay about three
fourths of the expenses of the Government, and
the northern States pay one fourth, while, in the
disbursement of this revenue, the South gets one
fourth, and the Worth three fourths.
The Wcstdemands a Pacific railroad; her rivers
.".lid harbors must be improved, and the Federal
Treasury furnishes the material aid. The South
derives no benefit whatever from any of this legis-
lation; and yet she is powerless to prevent the con-
tinuance of this ruinous system of drainage. The
East favors river and harbor bills for the West to
exhaust the revenue, so as to create a necessity
for higher tariffs.
For the same reason homestead bills are sup-
ported. They cutoff the public lands as a source
of supply to the Federal revenue, and increase the
dependence upon tariffs. To enable this section
to ingraft its theories and policy upon the Con-
stitution, and thereby insure its foul domination
over the South, political power becomes the para-
mount object of patriotic desire. They resort to
all forms of agitation. They appeal to the worst
passions of the masses—the instincts of self-pres-
ervation, and self-aggrandizement, love of gain,
jealousy of rivals inall relations—these, and every
other sense orpassion,howevermorbid or vicious,
likely to influence human action, are cultivated
and made useful in the great struggle for political
supremacy. But the great element of party power
—the vitalizing, controlling principle in northern
politics, the test in Christian faith and fellowship,
the passport to universal favor and position, is
opposition to African slavery at the South.
Mr. Clerk, I shall offer no argument or apology
in support of this institution. The subject has
been fully discussed in all its ramifications, and I
will simply remark that the system of negro serv-
itude at the South is a blessing in every conceiv-
able sense, inestimable to botli races, and it can
and will survive every ordeal except the friction,
drainage, and pressure of the Federal Union. No
wonder the Black Republican cry is, " the Federal
Union, it must and shall be preserved." No
wonderthis proclamationsreechoed bythe Union
meetings at the North. The Union is the coil of
the anaconda to the institution of slavery. Gen-
tlemen may talk to me about rolling back the tide,
of abolition sentiment at the North. They may
assure me that the Black Republican phalanx is
broken. They may tell me to listen to the thunder-
tramp of millions marching to the rescue of the
Constitution. Butl begmy countrymen not to be
deceived. This promise of a healthy reaction at
the North has been rung in our ears for a quarter
of a ccntury. We have been often assured that
abolition power had culminated; that the Union
was too valuable to the North for her people to en-
courage any scheme that would imperil its exist-
ence, that the true policy of the South was con-
ciliation, moderation, and conservatism. We have
believed, trusted to leaders, and relied on parties.
These failing, we have threatened and submitted
—then resolved resistance, and submitted again.
We have tried threats, remonstrance, compro-
mises, exhausted the virtues of psalm-singing to
the Union, its sacredness, its glories, its prestige;
and I inquire of the Union sentinels, " Watch-
men, what of the night'" The response is,
" Ratherdark to seeclearly; somewhat threatening
at the North; but we have great confidence that
these appearances indicate that the morn, with its
bright sunlight, will soon dawn upon the country.''
But what are the facts' The Abolition organiza-
tion has increased with amazing rapidity, become
moie intolerant, bolder in their announcement of
its purposes,more daring in their execution; and
yet it has marched straight forward, "conquering
and to conquer," until to-day it is triumphant in
sixteen States. It has one hundred and twelve
members upon this floor; and with that unity 01
action and steadiness of purpose which have al-
ways characterized them, they demand possession
and control of the popular branch of this Govern-
ment.
This being the present Uatus of the Black Re-
publican party in the Union, what are its future
purposes and policy in reference to slavery? Hon-
orable members 011 the other side of the House
complain that their party principles and purposes
are misrepresented. They admit the fugitive slave
law has been violated 111 some instances, and the
right of recapture publicly denied and resisted.
They admit that war upon slavery 111 the States
is justified and declared by some. It is not denied
that Brown and Helper have indorsers of all their
wicked purposes. But say they, the party is not
responsible for such doctrine and excesses. These
individual mewbers of the party, it is contended,
are under the lead of Garrison,'Phillips, and Gid-
dings, misguided and imprudent men, who are
not true exponents of the party creed. I have
110 doubt that Garrison, Phillips, Giddings, and
their followers, fully understand that the ultimate
aims of the dominant party harmonize with then-
wishes.
But, waiving the inquiry whether these com-
plaints are well founded, I will try this party by !
principles and purposes which none of its repre-
sentatives can disown and survive. j
Is there a man of you, Representative or \oter, |
who is not opposed to the extension of slavery
into the Territories? Are you not in favor of its
exclusion from territory where soil, climate, and
productions invite the institution and would make
it profitable' Are you m favor of the continued
existence of slavery in the District of Columbia?
Are you in fa\or of wiping from northern statutes !
all legislation offensive and embarrassing to the 1
right of recapture? And will you publicly con-
demn resistance to the fugitive slave law, and ad-
vise acquiescence in its execution? These are
plAi questions, and I apprehend there can be no
dispute about the answers. Then, upon what
ground do you justify your action? it is upon
the sole ground that slavery is a great social,
moral, and political wrong. Now, why is it that
you do not extend your war upon slavery into
the States? In the abstract you are an enemy of
the institution wherever it exists. Then, the only
reason why you stop at State lines, is the want
of constitutional power to strike down the insti-
tution in the States. And I call attention to the
fact that the "irrepressible-conflict"doctrine was
inaugurated for the purpose of supplying the
want of constitutional authority in Congress to
abolish slavery in the States. How do I prove
it? The gravamen of Mr. Seward's Rochester
speech is, that white and black labor are in irrec-
oncilable conflict, and that one or the other is
bound to be supplanted. No sane man can be
serious in maintaining the proposition that sla-
very will, orcanbe, reestablished in New England.
Then, what was the real design in announcing the
irrepressible conflict? It was to reach the non-
slaveholder of the South. He was the white
laborer to be disaffected. He must be indoctrin-
ated with the idea that his labor and the labor of
the slave are in ruinous conflict; that one or the
other system of labor must go down and pass
away, giving to the other system exclusive em-
ployment.
In this connection you also discover the pur-
poses of the Helper book. Some of its indorsers
say they do not approve anything in that publi-
cation intended to produce insurrection, orin any
way to set the slave upon his master. -But I ask
those members if their object was not to convince
the non-slaveholder at the South that his condi-
tion as a white laborer would be vastly improved
by the absence of slavery from the States ? Do
you not sanction everything in that book which
depreciates slave labor when contrasted with
white labor? that teaches white labor that it is
more productive and profitable where there is no
slave labor? that teaches the white laborer that
his association with Africans is degrading and
demoralizing? And when you attempt to reedu-
cate him, is it not your hope that you will lay
the predicate for an anti-slavery organization in
the southern States, which will ultimately strike
down slavery there by changing the State consti-
tutions? And if this is not your object, are you
not aiming to prepare the non-slaveholder at the
South to sanction an alteration of the Federal
Constitution when you are ready for such action ?
The South, then, is to have no more expansion;
but, surrounded by hostile confederates, she is
doomed to the perpetual annoyance, insult, and
ruinous pressure of the irrepressible conflict, at-
tended by robbery, Brown raids, periodical insur-
rection, and the utter banishment of all domestic
peace and tranquillity from her borders.
Then, where is the safety of the South? Is it
in national party organizations? I am free to con-
fess thatno party with principles coextensive with
the Union of these States will ever be formed here-
after embodying more fidelity to the constitutional
rights and equality of the South than the Demo-
cratic party. But while that party is geographic-
ally national in principle and purpose, yet it is
sectional in ability and power. At the North it
is broken into fragments. There is 110 unity in
reference to the true character of our Government.
There is disagreement as to the powers of Con-
gress upon vital issues. The Democracy of the
South is invited to cooperate with the Democracy
of the North upon condition that both sections
are permitted to occupy conflicting positions on
territorial rights and policy. We have been strug-
gling for fifteen years to find a satisfactory and
permanent solution of territorial government.
The South has insisted that when the hederal Gov-
ernment acquires and goes into possession of ter-
ritory, she holds it in trust for the joint and equal
benefit of the people of each State who conferred
the power to acquire. That the Government is a
mere naked trustee, uncoupled with an interest,
and the people of the States the sole beneficiaries.
That the object of the acquisition was to make
new States; .and that, in training and qualifying
others for admission into the partnership,^the
rights and relative position of each member of the
firm should be consulted and respected. That,
