408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
as a just, unavoidable, logical sequence, the peo-
ple of each State have the right to be placed xin
terms of pcrfect equality in the occupancy of me
territory, and. its preparation for the attributes,
dignity, and power of a sovereign. That when
that condition is reached by the Territory, the
States, through their agent, Congress, consent that
the people of the Territory may meet in conven-
tion to frame a government for themselves. That
when so organized, the sovereignty of the people
of the States devolves upon the convention, and
perfects its constitution-making power; the only
limitation upon which is, that the State constitu-
tion shall be republican in form. That it would
be a gross breach of trust, and a violation of the
fundamental principles of the compact, for Con-
gress or its sub-agent, a Territorial Legislature,
to pass any law which diverts or impairs the equal
right of joint occupancy. And that the duty is
inseparable from the power of the trustee so to
horn the trust property as that all the beneficia-
ries shall have full, free, and healthy enjoyment
of the common property. That if, by non-action
or positive legislation, Congress or the Territorial
Legislature exposes property m slaves to ur y haz-
ard or embarrassment, to that extent the right
of joint emigration ancl occupancy of the slave-
holder is impaired, and the Constitution violated.
These just, equitable, and constitutional demands
of the South were denied by all the Black Repub-
licans, and the power and duty claimed in Con-
gress to exclude the slaveholder by positive law.
A large portion of the northern Democracy,
headed oy a great and powerful leader, deny the
right of joint occupancy of the Territory with
slave property against the will of a majority of
the inhabitants, as expressed through their Ter-
ritorial Legislature. At the instance of Mr. Doug-
las, the question of the power of Congress to
legislate slavery into or out of a State or Territory
was wholly withdrawn from Congress, and re-
ferred to the people of the Territory to decide for
themselves, precisely in the mode, time, and man-
ner they had the authority to do under the Con-
stitution; and what power, and how much, a Ter-
ritorial Legislature has, was submitted to the
Supreme Court of the United States. That august
tribunal has rendered a decision which, nceoidmg
to southern construction, covers all the issues, and
recognizes every right and principle for which the
Soutli has ever contended. And is it not a just
ground of complaint that the very man who pro-
posed this mode of settling this vexed question
should be among the very first to join issue with
the South on the import and meaning of that de-
cision, and to suggest to her enemies in the Ter-
ritories that, by non-action or unfriendly legisla-
tion, they may destroy the benefit to the South of
any decision of the Supreme Court* All we now
ask is, that the award of the arbitrator, well de-
fined and understood, shall he incorporated into
the platform of the parties to the reference—the
northern and southern Democracy—and made the
basis of the future government of the Territories.
Is the South so dispirited, humbled, and worn by
the struggle as to demand or accept less? Shall
we, in deference to the anti-slavery sentiment of
the North, yield or ignore vital principles, and
consent that, the Democratic party shall go before
the country upon a platform which amalgamates
hostile elements, opinions, and principles? Is a
victory obtained by double-dealing and bad faith
worth anything?
I know it is insisted that these are dead issues—
lifeless abstractions, because there is no teiritory
suited to southern institutions. For the same
reason, the power of Congress to prohibit sla-
very—or the Wilmot proviso—is, and lias been,
without practical importance or vitality. And
well do I remember the volume of condemnation
which was poured upon the Whig party m
for ignoring congressional power over slavery m
the fame Territories now possessed by the Gov-
ernment. If the Charleston convention follows
this example of hiding out great principles which
are assailed, or invites us to the support of any
mail who denies the southern construction of the
Cincinnati platform and the Dred Scott decision,
then tiie southern Democracy will stultify them-
selves, and fatally impair the integrity of then-
party organization by giving him-support. If,
with the character of the Government well de-
fined, and the rights and privileges of the parties
to the compact clearly asserted by the Democratic
party, the Black Republicans get possession of
the Government, then the question is fully pre-
sented, whether the southern States will remain
m the Union, as subject and degraded colonies,
or will they withdraw, and establish a southern
confederacy of coequal homogeneous sovereigns?
In my judgment, the latter is the only course
compatible with the honor, equality, and safety of
the South; and the sooner it is known and acted
upon the better for all parties to the compact.
There is no value m the checking power of mi-
norities, when selfishness, bad faith, and reckless
construction break over constitutional limitations
and guarantees.
The truest conservatism and wisest statesman-
ship demand a speedy termination of all associa-
tion with such confederates, and the formation of
another union of States, homogeneous in popula-
tion, institutions, interests, and pursuits. Such
a confederacy would be imperishable, and pre-
sent to the world a contented, happy, prosperous,
powerful people in the enjoyment of the highest
perfection of civilization and free government.
Mr. HATTON obtained the floor.
TIIE POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
Mr. GROW. I desire the consent of the House
to allow the Postmaster General to withdraw his
report. I suppose there will be no objection to it.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say
that it becomes important that leave be granted,
inasmuch as the Sixth Auditor submitted his re-
port to the Postmaster General without retaining
a copy.
Mr. GROW. That report is one of the docu-
ments which accompanied the President's mes-
sage; and it is wanted m order to make a copy.
No objection being made, leave to withdraw
was granted.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that the House now
proceed to a ballot for Speaker.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennes-
see is entitled to the floor.
Mi. REAGAN. If the gentleman is not pre-
pared to occupy the floor now, or is willing to
give way, I will" submit the motion to proceed to
a ballot.
Mr. HATTON. I have no desire to obstruct
the action of the House. I will submit to the
House a few leniarks whenever that will not in-
terfere with its action. I desire a ballot myself,
and will yield to the motion of the gentleman from
Texas.
Mr. REAGAN. I submit the motion, and call
for the previous question upon it.
Mr. WINSLOW. I second the call.
Mr. CLEMENS I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Tli   roll of the House was then called, when
the following-named members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs Brown, Claik ft- Cochrane, John Cochrane, Ir-
vine, Jenkins Jone«, lvunkcl,Millward, Reynolds, Sickle?,
Stalhvorih, and Woodson.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Kunkei had paired off with Mr. Schwartz.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said: Mr.
Schwartz has come into the House very unex-
pectedly to us, and he is exceedingly desirous to
| vote; and therefore I will take hfs'p^e in the
i pair to-day.
| Mr. BARR said: Mr. John Cochrane is eon-
I fined to his bed by sickness, and I trust some
; gentleman on the other side of the House will
consent to pair with hun. It is well known that
: Mr. Coc'iikaxl has been veiy constant in his at-
j tendance here, and I ask this favor for him.
I A Member on the Republican side. Let Mr.
i Cociirvnf. and Mr. Reynolds be paired off to-
! gether. Both are absent.
j Mr. BARR. Mr. Cochrane and Mr. Rey-
■ nolds have not been voting m opposition to each
: other, and therefore I do not think it fair to ask
j us upon this side to pair them with each other;
i and if you push us to the wall, our only remedy
j is to be found in motions for delay. Mr. Coch-
i rani: has not been absent from this House one
j day since the commencement of the session; and
I now, that he is confined to his room by sickness,
j I say it is nothing but fair and just that some gen-
I tleman upon the other side should pair with him.
They may be in the same condition to-morrow,
and be asking the same favor.
Mr. CURTIS. That is the reason we will not
pair. Let the sick take care of the sick.
Mr. BARR. If gentlemen will take that ground,
we are ready for them.
Mr. DELANO. Last Saturday, Mr. Coch-
rane, on the occasion of my own inability to at-
tend this House, very kindly consented to pair
off with me. I respond to the present appeal in
the same spirit, and agree to pair off with him
to-day.
Mr. BARR. I am much obliged to the gentle-
man.
Mr. REAGAN moved that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The main question was ordered; and the mo-
tion was agreed to.
THIRTY-THIRD BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to ballot the thirty-third
time for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 221; necessary to a choice,
111; of which—
Mr. Sherman received h)8
Mr. Hamilton   SI
Mr. Gilmci  19
Mr John G. Dhvi-j  4
Mr. Florence  3
Mr. Horace F. Clark  1
Mi. Phelps  1
Mr. Lamat   J
Mr. Reynolds  1
Mi. Canaries  1
Mi. Iiatton  *
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Me^rs. Chailes F. Adams, Aldrieh,
Alley, Ashlev, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake Bray-
ton, Buihnton, Burhngame. Burnham, Burroughs, Butter-
held, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conklmg, Cor-
vvin, Covodo, Curtis, Dawes, Dnell. Dunn, Edgeiton, Ed-
waids, Kliot, Ely, Famsworth, Fcnton, Feny, Foster,
Frank, French, Gooch,Graham, Giow,Guiley, Hale, Hall,
Hat-kin.Hrlmiek, Hickman, Hoard, flumphiey, Hutcluna,
Juukm,' Fiancis W. Kcllogs, William Kello«g, Kemon,
Kilqoie, Killinaer, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Looinif, Lovejov, Marlon, MeKean, McKnught, McPhei-
so;i. Moorheiid. Mori ill, Edward Joy Moirn, Moisc, Nixon,
Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Petiy, Prttit,Poitci,Potter,Rice,
ChuMophcr Robinson, Rojce, Seluvait/., Scianton, Sedg-
wick, Monies, Spauldin^, Spmnei, Stanton, William Stew-
ait, Sttatton, Tappan. Thavcr, Theakei, Tompkins.Train,
i Tumble, Vandevei, Van W\ck, Vcrree, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwaladei C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wa&bburne,
Israel Waihbuin, Wells, Wikon, Wmdoin, Wood, and
Woodruff.
For Mr. Hamilton—Mes&rs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ash-
muic, Avery, Baikbdalo, Bairctt,Boeoek, Bonham, Botcler,
Branch, Bmeh, Burnett, John B.Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
Cobb, Coopei, Cox, Janie«j Ciaig. Burton Ciatge, Crawford,
Currv, Davidson, John G. Davis, Reuben DavKDoJamette,
Edimmd-on, Englibh, Floicnce, Fouke, Garnett, Gaitrell,
Hatdemaii, John T. llatris Hawkins, Ilindman, Dolman,
Houston, Howaid, Hughes.. Jackson. Keitt, Laniai, Lan~
{hum, Le.ikc, Lo-Mii, Lo\<•, Chailes L>. MaUm, Elbert S,
Maitin, Maynaid, MeClernaud, Mctiueen, McRae, Miles,
Mi!l>on, MontJiomety, Sydenham Mooie, Niblack, Noell,
Pendleton. Pcvton. Phelps Pi>oi, Push, Reagan, Jame* C.
Robinson, Rnihn, ltu*4, Scott, Simmr, Singleton, William
Smith, Steven.-on, Jame> A. Stewart, Stout, Taylot,
Thomas Underwood, Vailandigham, Wlutelcys Winslow,
and Wnglir.
For Mr. Gilmer—Mcs«is Green Adams, William C. Ail-
deison, Buuliguv, Biab^n, Brings Bristow, II. Winter
Daws, Etheudge, J. Morri.-on llairis, Iiatton, James M.
Leach,Malloiy, Lnban T. Moore, Nelson, Cluailes, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Stokes, Vance, and Wrcbbter.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Me-sia. Allen, Larrabee, Isaac
NT. Mori is, and Rig^-
For Mr. Florence—Mcssis Dimmiek, Hamilton, and
Maclay.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. Adrain.
For Mr. Phelps—Mi. Barr.
For Mi. Lamar—Mr. Boyce.
For Mr. Reynolds—Mr. Hoi ace F. Clark.
For Mr. Quartos—Mr. Gilmei.
Fot Mr. Hatton—Mr. HdU
During the vote,
Mr. C ARTER, when his name was called, said;
I have voted, Mr. Clerk, for different members
of this body, to show the House and to show ray
constituents that 1 am ready to aid in the election
of any national conservative man of the Opposi-
tion. I shall now return to the candidate forwhom
I had so long voted, and cast my vote for Mr.
Sherman. [Cries of "Good!" and applause
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. MOORE, of K< ntuckv, when his name
was called, said: 1 have voted for three different
members of the Democratic party. These votes
have been ineffectual for good. Preferring one of
my own party to the members of any other party
in'this House, 1 shall return to my first love, and
stay there till I find that my vote will organize
