THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
: the Senate,i>ut at this session stands low
on the Private Calendar. It is a matter of very
Email consequence except to the parties interested.
I move to tie up Senate bill No. 224, for the relief
.of the hfeirs-at-law of Abigal Nason, sister and.de-
visee of John Lprd, deceased.
Mi:-. IVEESOiSr. That is a private bill, and
.\vill conae up to-mo.rrow in regular order. I desire
to have a public bill taken up to-day.
Mr, FESSENPEN. I hope the Senator will
no? interfere. One. or two puvatc bills have al-
ready been taken up and passed. This bill can-
Hot be reached for weeks regularly on the Private
Calendar. 1 hope it will be taken up now. 1 think
it can be disposed of in five minutes.
Mr. 1VERS0N. I will not object to taking up
private bills in the morning hour; but to break in
upon the hours for public business in this way
seems ta;ipe to be wrong.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
be kind this time, because there is nobody here
to attend to public business; and I trust he will
interpose no objection, as I have the floor, and
my motion is in order.
Mr. IVERSON. Let it go.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
224) for the relief" of the heirs-at-law of Abigail
Nason, sister and devisee of John Lord, deceased,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of tire Whole. It provides for pay-
ing to the heirs-at-law of the late Abigail Nason,
sister and devisee of John Lord, deceased, late of
South Berwick, in the State of Maine, the sum of
0336, in full for the amount duo John Lord for
services performed by him as a seaman on board
the United States ship Ranger during the revolu-
tionary war.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hoar the report
read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Nicholson on the 27th of February:
The Committee on Ilcvolutionaiy Claims, to whom was
referred the petition of William Nason and other.-*, Ic/ja!
representatives of John Lord, deceased, make the follow-
ing report;
They have carefully examined the several papers on file
in the ca e, arid find thetn fully sustaining the repoit made
to the Senate on the 15th of February, 1838. The com-
mittee, therefore, adopt the said report, as follows:
Th the Senate, February 15,1858.
Tlio Committee on Claims, to whom was referred ihe
petition of William Nnson and others, legal representative*
ef John Lord, deceased, repoit:
This claim is founded upon the allegation that John Lord
icrved bin country, during the war of the Revolution, as a
•ennmn on board the United Htatow ship-of-war Rancor,
from April or May, 1779, to May, 1780, when she was taken
at the surrender of Charleston i and that he was detained on
bojud a guaid-nhlp fome time afterward.*, and finally lilwr-
nted about the la<u of July—making in all fifteen months.
James (ioocli deposes that he was purser and clerk of said
vessel during the time mentioned; Hunks Lord waaaboaid ;
that no pay-toll was made out, and no payments made to
fhe men.
Joseph Wardwell, a shipmate of Mr. Lord, also testifies
to the ttutii of the facts alleged.
In tht; ouginai petition of Mr. Lord for the payment of
fills claim, which was presented to the Twentieth Con-
gress, he ac.sijmti, as the reasons why his claim was not
sooner urged, that at the time of hi* discharge. he did not
know that any provision had heen made by Government for
paying oif the seamen; nor until 1798, when, on his return
trom n foreign voyage, he wot mtbuned by Captain Ward-
well (whose affidavit is in the ease) that he and other Ran-
gers had been paid, lie then applied to an agent to assist
him in procuring tils pay, but without success; and that it
still remam« unpaid.
It appears 1'iom statements that there arc no records of
the Hanger in either the Treasury, War, or Navy Depart-
ments.
The case has been twice favorably reported in the House
of Repieseiitaiives, and once a bill passed for its payment;
but u hem? neai the close ol the Congress, the bill docs not
appear to have received anv action in the Senate. No ad-
verse report upon it appears to haw over been made.
The. committee aie of opinion that the evidence before
them hustanib the claim, and thr> repoit a bill for ihc pay-
ment of the amount of wages duo, with lnteiest theiron
trom the time that proof ol the service rendered was pio-
dueed and the claim was made upon the Government for
payment of what waw then due.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this a claim for interest on
a revolutionary debt?
Mr. FESSENDEN". Interest only from the
time ho first made the proof.
Mr. HUNTER. How long aero was that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. TheTwentiethCongress.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot vote for any bilf that
proposes to pay interest on any claim against the
Government. 1 think it is time that some statute
of limitations should be adopted, to run against
these revolutionary claims. From the number of
them that have been presented unce I have been
a member of the Senate, I judge that they will
never cease to be preferred. Here is a claim for
interest upon services said to have been rendered,
from the time when tbe claim was first preferred.
As I stated some time ago in the Senate, I have
at this session offered a petition for the payment
of money which was advanced by a citizen of the
State of Alabama for a certain tractof land, which
the Government professed to hold the title to and
sold to him; but it appeared afterwards that the
Government had no title whatever: yet it hold the
money of my constituent for twenty or thirty
years, and has refused to pay interest; and, as [
am advised by the Commissioner of the Genera)
Land Office, there is no case within his knowledge
on record where thcGovernmcnthaspaidit. That
is o much stronger claim than this. Here, an in-
dividual, as he represents, through ignorance of
his rights, failed to prefer his claim against the
Government for a scries of years. When he did
piefer it, it was not at once met. It does not ap-
pear that he produced at that time satisfactory evi-
dence of the claim. The evidence may have been
insufficient, and because of its insufficiency Con-
gress may have refused to allow the payment.
Yet we are now asked, not only to pay the ori-
ginal claim, but to pay interest upon it from the
time the demand was first made. I think it is a
very mischievous precedent. The amount, it is
true, is inconsiderable, but it involves a very im-
portant principle; one that may hereafter be the
source of a great deal of mischief. I trust, there-
fore, that the bill will not pass; and I must ask
for the yeas and nays upon its passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ten-
nessee reported the bill. I do not know whether
he calculated the interest or not. The jpill says
nothing about interest; but the committee adopted
a previous report which said that interest was al-
lowed.
Mr. NICHOLSON, in the division of the
laboisof the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
this case was referred to me, and*, on examination
of the proof, my impression is that it is even
stronger than stated in the report, as to the justice
of the original claim, and as to its being made out
satisfactorily and never having been paid. As to
the question of interest, I think the committee has
adopted the rule of allowing interest usually from
the time when the application is made. The
amount of the original claim is, I think, between
one and two hundred dollars. Interest fiom the
time it was first piesented to Congress brings it
up to the amount named in the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from
Maine had better consent to strike out the allow-
ance of interest, and then there will be no objec-
tion to the hill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia does not understand it. The bill allows a
sum in gross; it says nothing*aboutinteresf, there-
fore the bill makes no precedent on thatauestion.
I ask Senators to look at the case. Tnis man
served in the revolutionary war, under Paul Jones,
and was imprisoned fifteen months. He made his
application at the earliest moment that he could,
to the Twentieth Congress. Then he made out
his proofs, and a bill to pay him passed the House
of Representatives, but at so late a day that it
failed to be acted upon in the Senate; and this bill,
as it stands now, for precisely the same amount
now proposed to be paid, passed the Senate before.
It has been reported upon favorably in its present
shape twice by the Committee on Claims. At
this session, the Committee on Claims sent it to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and that
is the reason why it is so low down on the Cal-
endar. The Committee on Revolutionary Claims
have again reported the bill, and have adopted the
principle in their reports of allowing interest from
the time a claim is proved. "When a revolution-
ary sailor establishes his claim before Congress,
proves it, and Congress fails to pass a bill pro-
viding for it, but lets it run on for fifteen years,
is it just to say at the end of that time to him, or
his heirs, that the Government will not pay in-
terest when they ought to have paid the original
claim years before? Senators may see that the
sum of money is a small one; and the bill itself
says nothing about interest. The bill has been
reported often. The money, justly due to this man,
has been long withheld, after he made proof of his
service, when everybody else who performed the
same service received pay on the application being
made. Now, to refuse to pay him on the ground
that a*little interest is to be allowed, would seem
to me to be making the point on a case in which it
should not be made. As to the claim which the
Senator from Alabama states, it may be a hard
case, but when it comes before the Senate it will
be heard upon its merits, if it is to come; and if
interest ought to be paid there, I shall be as will-
ing to pay it as in this instance; but it strikes me,
thatof all the cases which could be presented this is
not one on which to make the point. Interest, of
course is not allowed except from the time when
the proof was made and he was entitled to his
money. The whole sum is but a little over three
hundred dollars.
Mr. CLAY. The sum itself is inconsiderable;
and if it were not for the precedent that we are
establishing I should not oppose it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not a precedent.
Mr. CLAY. It is a precedent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not the first prece-
dent.
Mr. CLAY. By parity of reasoning, in regard
to every claim which we arc now considering,
and every one which we may consider hereafter,
where ultimately the justice of the claim is ac-
knowledged and the amount is paid, the party
will be entitled to interest from tne time he first
presented his claim to Congress and perfected his
proof; and, therefore, if we pass this bill, we
shall have to pay interest in every case.
Mr. NICHOLSON. The Senator will allow
mo to say that the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims have adopted the rule of making interest
commence from the time of the first report in
favor of a claim.
Mr. CLAY. That is objectionable, forseveral
reasons. In the first place, we know that often- ,
times committees report in favor of bills which
the Senate or the other House rcject.
Mr. PEARCE. This seems to me to be a very
weak case. It is a claim for seaman's wages,al-
leged to have been due justeighty years ago. The
party, it seems, was a seaman on board the Uni-
ted States ship-of-war Ranger, from April or May,
1779, to May, 178ft, when he wa^taken at the sur-
render of Charleston, and kept in confinement for
sometime afterwards. His claim was presented
in 1829—forty-nine years afterwards—and the tes-
timony upon which it is bused is that of a person
named Gooch, who was the purser and clerk of
the vessel. Forty-nine years after the service is
alleged to have been rendered he deposes that
"ho thinks Lord was aboard; that no pay-roll
was made out, and nopay men ts made to the men."
The explanation for the laches, in not presenting
his claim, is, that he did not know before that pro-
vision had been made for the payment of such
cases.
I think this simple statement is evidence enough
that it is a claim that ought not to be passed. I
find an indorsement on the bill that the claim
was originally aboutonehundred and twenty dol-
lars; so that over two hundred doHars is for in-
terest; and this is interest to a man who for fifty
years did not present his claim, and whose heirs
or representatives now ask for it at the lapse of
eighty years. I really think there ought to bean
end to tins sort of litigation. There should be
some time at which we should prohibit the pro-
duction of these veiy antique and stale claims be-
fore Congress. It is said we have no evidence at
all on this subject in any of the Departments. So
much the better reason for rejecting the claim.
The testimony which is offered is exceedingly
loose; and after the lapse of eighty years, and
after all the fires we have had, and the removals
of the seat of Government, and the confusion
which attended all the affairs of the General Gov-
ernment from 1780 until a regular Government
was established under the present Constitution,
it seems to me that any evidence we might have
had may well be supposed to have been lost. At
all events, I .think, after the lapse of eighty years,
no claim not better supported than this ought to
be allowed. I shall vote against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator took the first
part of the evidence, which I confess was rather
weak, and Ifcft out entirely all the rest; and hebfcsed
his remarks on the testimony of one witness. An-
other witness testified positively and distinctly that
Lord was on board the Ranger, and that he was
