2 W2t
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
H. M. G. Brown; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS 01 COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 388) to dispose of the public lands
in the States, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was ageeed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred'the bill (S. No. 254) to confirm cer-
tain entries of land therein named, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Eliza B. Mills,
widow of Robert Mills, an architect, praying
compensation for his professional services, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 391) for the relief of
certain persons who made entries in the district
of land subject to sale at St. Stephen's, Alabama,
reported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 316) granting to the
town of Tampa, Florida, the site of Fort Brooke,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to, as a general bill is
ponding proposing to dispose of military reserves.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 389) to cede the pub-
lic lands within the limits of the land States, on
certain conditions therein named, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 445) granting to the
corporation of the city of Tampa, State of Florida,
certain lands adjoining that city, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from tlie same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 234) for the relief
of Thomas Atkinson, of Parke county, Indiana,
reported it without amendment and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred documents relating to the bill to re-
vive the act of 24th May, 1824, for the relief of
the representatives of John Dor.nelson, Stephen
Hoard, and others, reported a bill (S. No. 470)
to revive and extend ail act entitled " An act for
the relief of the representatives of John Dounel-
son, Stephen Heard, and others," approved May
24, 1824, and the several acts extending, contin-
uing, and reviving the same; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
IIOOSU BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 449) for the relief of Eunice Cobb—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 450) for the relief of Thomas
Berry—to the Committee on Pensions.
A biil (No. 452) granting a pension to Asa
Wells—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 007) authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land warrant to Daniel
Davis—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 522) to incorporate the Metropol-
itan Gas Light Company in the District of Co-
lumbia— to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
A bill (No. 521) to incorporate the East
Washington Library Association—to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 447) for the relief of the children
of the late? Captain E. A. Capron—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 448) granting an invalid pension to
Esther P. Pox, widow of Augustus C. Fox—to
the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 517) for the relief of George F.
Means—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A bill (No. 520) directing the conveyance of a
lot of ground for the use of the public schools of
the city of Washington—to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 4G0) granting an invalid pension to
William Eddy—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 461) granting an invalid pension to
Charles Appleton—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 462) granting an invalid pension to
Hugh Baker—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 463) granting an invalid pension to
Samuel Hamilton—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 465) granting a pension to Mary
Shircliff, widow of John Shircliff— to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 466) granting an invalid pension to
Thomas Glasgow—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 45G) granting a pension to James
Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war of 1812—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 458) for the relief of Mrs. Rachel
McMillan—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No 459) granting an increase of pen-
sion to James Dunning—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 453) granting an invalid pension to
Anselm Clarkson, of Missouri—to the Committee
on Pensions.
A hill (No. 454) granting a pension to Andrew
Templeton—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 455) granting a pension to Chaun-
cey Hoyt, of Chenango county, New York—to
the Committee on Pensions.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the
prior orders and take up the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will permit me to take up the Senate bill
that came back fronvthe House with amendments
—th% telegraph bill. 1 want to take it up for the
purpose of disagreeing to the House amendments,
and asking for a committee of conference. It will
only take a moment.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a moment, until I get my papers out
of the committee-room.
Mr. GWIN. Then I ask, in the mean time,
that the telegraph bill be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Senate bill No. 84 has been returned from the
House of Representatives with an amendment.
Mr. GWJ As the amendment is a long one,
I propose to put the question without reading it.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
have instructed me to move that the Senate dis-
agree to the House amendment and ask for a com-
mittee of conference. There arc some differences
which I am very sure a committee of conference
of the two Houses can very easily settle. The
amendment of the House is to strike out all after
the cnactmg clause of the bill, and insert a pro-
vision containing pretty much the body of the
bill with a variation in some respects. I move to
disagree to the amendment, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr, CHANDLER. I should like to hear the
amendments read. I am told that the House
amendments are very proper, and that the Senate
should concur in them. I think we had better
have the amendments read.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to state to the Senate that
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
kayo instructed me to make this motion. The
amendments that the Senator from Michigan al-
ludes to, I have no doubt, we shall agree to at
once in conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that this bill, if it leads to debate, must be
set aside, as the Post Office appropriation bill is
properly before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will not object to our action on this mat-
ter.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no remarks to
make. I merely desire to hear the amendments
read.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way, if it is to
lead to discussion. I must insist upon going on
with the Post Office bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 503) making further appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30t() of June, 1860, is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
the question being on the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment, which
is to strike out the following proviso to the ap-
propriation for transportation of the mails:
" Provided, That the Postmaster General is hereby di-
rected to restore the inland service on all the routes under
contract on the 4th March, 1859, unless the same have ex-
pired by their own limitation, or where improved service
over said routes has been furnished by railroads or other-
wise ; also, route 6042, by steamer Isabel, shall be restored,
at the rate of $50,000 per year, from Charleston to Savan-
nah, via Key West, till the 30th of June, 1863; and where
the service has been actually performed by the contractor,
notwithstanding such discontinuance, the Postmaster Gen-
era! shall pay the contractors as if no change had been or-
dered ; but the Postmaster Genera! shall not be requn ed to
restore the service on any of said routes beyond one daiiy
mail each way, nor to interfere with any changes of ser-
vice that may have been made without reduction of price :
Provided further, That tile appropriation herein shall
be so construed as to embiaee those made by the joint
resolution 1 for the relief of the contractors of the Post Office
Depaitment,' approved 28th March, 1860: Jlnd jrroiided
further, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
so as to renew the mail service on the Cumberland rivor
above Clarksviile, in the State of Tennessee."
And in lieu of it to insert:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized and
required to advertise foi proposals, and contract with the
lowest responsible bidder or bifldeis, for the tran^poitation
of the United States mail, in steamships, from Charleston,
South Caiolina, by Savannah, Georgia, andJKey West,
Florida, to Havana, in Cuba, and back, twicc"a month, or
oftener, from the 1st day of July, 1860, to the 30th ot June,
1864, inclusive, at a sum not to exceed $50,000 per annum.
Mr. HAMMOND. I hope this amendment of
the Committee on Finance will not be concurred
in. This is an amendment which comes from the
Committee on Finance, amending a proposition
made by the Post Office Committee in the House
of Representatives, before whom all the docu-
ments in relation to this matterwere placed. They
are placed here in the Senate before the Post Office
Committee, and they are not before the Commit-
tee on Finance, except to a very small degree.
The House have adopted this provision of the bill
after receiving the information of the Post Office
Committee, and I do not think that this amend-
ment, which looks to mc a little like hap-hazard
legislation on the part of the Committee on Fi-
nance, should pass the Senate, when it interferes
so materially with everything connected with the
business.
The object of the amendment is simply that
proposals for bids for the performance of this duty
shall be thrown open to the public. The steamer
Isabel, under a contract with the United States,
was built some twelve or fifteen years ago, espe-
cially for this service, and the contract required
that she should be built in such a way as to be
converted into a war steamer upon any emer-
gency. She was so built, at a large cost. For
nearly twelve years, until within the last year,
the steamer Isabelpeifoimed all the duties of that
route, with never a failure. I think I may say
that it is called the Isabel-route, and that she ia
the favorite steamer of all the steamers upon any
mail route of the United States. The increased
expenditure of those who built the Isabel as a war
steamer, to meet this special contract, ought to
be taken into consideration. Every memorial
that has been presented from any quarter to the
Senate has been to restore the Isabel, not so
much for the Havana route, though certainly for
that route, but distinctly for the restoration of the
Isabel.
Now, how far, by competition, the charge of
this route might be reduced, I do not know. For
several years $60,000 was allowed; for the last
year or two, $50,000 has bees allowed. It is pos-
sible—we all know.liow these things are done—
that, if it is thrown open to competition, some
bidders may come m and underbid this §50,000
without steamers calculated for war purposes;
and if they lose, they will come back here with
a deficiency bill. But here is a steamer built by
contract as to the United States, at a heavy addi-
tional expenditure; that has performed all tho
duties of this route with perfect satisfaction to
everybody, and which all the memorialists on the
subject have asked should be restored, and which
the House, having all the facts before them,
through their Post Office Committee, have actu-
ally restored. I hope that the Senate will not
agree to this amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by inserting, after the word
