1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2875
session—bill No. 1 of the House of Representa-
tives—and then the appropriations contained in
this bill which will be applicable to the public
service for the present year, even with the amend-
ments which the Finance Committee have offered
to the bill.
The first bill we passed appropriated $10,697,-
000. Of that, $4,296,000 was for deficiencies in
the postal service for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1859. The balance, §6,403,000, was for the
service of the present fiscal year. That bill was
intended to supply the service of the first half of
the year so far as it would go. I find that by the
bill now pending we make appropriations which
altogether amount to §13,685,000; so that, if you
add together the appropriations made in this bill
and the very first bill we passed at this session,
we have an aggregate of $24,382,000 appropriated,
and proposed to be appropriated, at this session
of Congress for the postal service. Deducting
from that sum the amount for tho dpficiencies of
the year 1859, wc have a sum of about twenty
million dollars appropriated for the postal service
of this year. That far exceeds the estimates sub-
mitted to us by the Postmaster General; and I
have not yet had time to account entirely for that
discrepancy. His estimates are but about fifteen
million dollars for the present year. I do not
mean to be understood as saying that these $20,-
000,000 will be the amount of expenditure this
year, and I will show, before I have done, how
much of that sum will probably be expended.
But there will have been at the close of this fiscal
year nearly twenty million appropriated out of
the revenues of the Post Office and the Treasury
for postal service.
I submit to the Senate if it is possible for the
revenues of this country to sustain an expend-
iture so enormous as that. We refuse to increase
the postages, the only legitimate and appropriate
way of supplying the means necessary for these
increased expenditures. It is proposed now, by
the provisions which the committee ask to have
stricken out of this bill, to take away from the
Postmaster General that discretion which he has
always heretofore exercised in regard to the
amount of service which he will cause to be per-
formed on every mail route—at least so far as
regards the service on mail routes which he dis-
continued or rcduced after the failure of the
appropriation in March, 1859.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Maryland
allow me to ask him a question for information >
It is, whether the $20,000,000 of which he speaks
is an amount that is produced by the addition of
the sum heretofore appropriated and the sum
proposed to be appropriated by the House bill as
it stands, or by the House bill as it will be mod-
ified if the Senate amendments are adopted ? The
former I take for granted, but I am not sure.
Mr. PEARCE. The.House bill as it stands—
that is to say, as it camc to us from the House.
We have not deducted anything on account of
the expectcd passage of the amendments which
we have submitted. Those amendments cannot
amount to a great sum.
Mr. YTJLEE. I think the Senator will find
that the appropriation made comprehends only
the estimates of the Department, and does not
include an additional sum, which will be neces-
sary in case the amendment of the Committee on
Finance is not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. It includes $300,000.
Mr. PEARCE. I was about to state that there
is a sum of $300,000 in this bill which, if we suc-
ceed in the amendment which the committee* have
offered, ought to be stricken out, I suppose from
the inland service appropriation, it being for the
restoration of service curtailed, but imperatively
ordered to be restored.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are making appro-
priations in these bills for the present year. Does
not this $20,000,000 also include an appropriation
for some portion of the last year, oris it entirely
confined to this year?
Mr. PEAR.C12. Entirely confined to this year.
There is a postal bill, the first bill, as I stated be-
fore, which passed Congress atthis session That
bill contains an appropriation of §4,296,000 for
the service of the year 1859. That was a defici-
ency so far. Then it contained an appropriation
of $6,401,000 for the service of the present year.
When I add that $6,401,000 to the appropriations
contained in this bill, I get the aggregate of appro-
priations for the service of the year 1860.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Amounting to $20,000,-
000?
Mr. PEARCE. Amounting to $20,000,000,
though I do not believe the expenditures will
amount to so much. I have stated that there is
a discrepancy between that amount and the esti-
mates of the Postmaster General, which I cannot
undertake to account for fully. I had intended to
see him this day, or early on Monday morning,
and ascertain why it is; but the bill coming up
to-day, I have not had that opportunity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps we had better
adjourn; and if the Senator will give way, I will
move an adjournment.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall be governed by the
views of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very evident that
the Senators not quite so well prepared to lay
these matters before the Senate as he wishes to
be; and it is also manifest that we cannot possibly
get through this evening. There is a good deal
of discussion to take place on the subject. I move,
therefore, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the motion to adjourn
is made, to which I am willing to yield, and to
which, indeed, it is necessary thafl should yield,
I shall make one remark more, because I have
been interrupted several times in the course of
what I have said, and one remark is necessary in
order to prevent misapprehension and miscon-
ception, perhaps, on the part of the public. It is
this: that $3,126,000 appropriated by this bill out
of the Treasury in aid of the Post Office revenues,
ought not to be considered as a part of the pro-
posed expenditures of the year. That has been
put in with the intention of supplying a supposed
deficiency to that amount. If so, it would reduce
the sum to about seventeen million dollars; that,
however, is large enough for my purpose, which
is, to show that the growing expenditures of the
postal service have brought up the annual appro-
priations to so enormous an amount that it is the
duty of Congress to endeavor to check it. Now,
I am willing to stop, if the Senate desires, to go'
on on Monday.
Mr. GWlN. Before the motion to adjourn is
put, I wish to take up the telegraph bill, and ask
for a conference upon it.
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot consent to have any-
thing taken up; 1 must go on with my remarks,
if the Senate remains in session.
Mr. GWIN. I only ask for a committee of
conference.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what the dis-
agreement between the two Houses is. I want
to understand that before wc have a conference.
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 26, 1860.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. THOMAS. It is manifest that there is no
quorum present, and I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; when the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Green Adams, Allen, Alley, William C. Ander-
son, Asnl<;y, Avery, Baiksdale, Blair, Blake, Bocock, Bo-
teler, Bnycc, Brahson, Brown, Burch, Burroughs, Camp-
bell, Horace F. Clark, Cleinem, Clark 13. Cochrane,Corwin,
Covode, Burton Oraige, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Iteuben
Davis, Dimimck, Duel), Dunn, Edmundson, Eliot, Ely,
English, Etheridge, Farnsworth. Ferry, Florence, Fouke,
Frank, French, Garnett, Gilmer, Graham, Grow, Gurley,
Hamilton, J. Mormon Hairis, John T. Harris, Haskiu, Ilat-
ton, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hindman, Holman, Jenkins,
Jones, Kent, Kenvon, Killinger, Iiunkcl, Lamar, Leake,
Logan, Longnecker, Mallory, Marston, Elbert a. Martin,
McClernand, McKnight, McPhcrson, Mcltac, Miles, Mont-
gomery, Laban T. Moore, Sj'denham Moore, Moorhcad,
Morrill, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Phelps,
Porter, Potter, Iteagan, Rice, Riggs, James C. Robinson,
Ruffin, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Sin-
gleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Somes, Spin-
ner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, Stout,Strat-
ton, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Umleiwood, Vallandig-
ham, Van Wyck, Verree, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, White-
ley, Wilson, Wmdom, Winsiow, Wood, Woodruff, and
Woodson.
During the call,
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Morse was
detained from the House by illness.
Mr. REYNOLDS stated that Mr. HiCkmaw
was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. MAYNARD said that his colleague, Mr.
Nelson, was confined to his room by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said that his
colleague, Mr. Campbell, had paired with Mr.
Riggs until Monday.
No quorum being present,
Mr. BRANCH moved that the House adjourn,
and on that motion called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 10, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bn«tnw, Larrabee, Love, Maclay, Noel],
Potter, Reynolds, William Stewart, Taylor, and Thomas
—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adatus, Adrain, Aldrich,
Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Babbitt,
Ilarr, Barrett, Bingham, Bonham, Bouligny, Branch, Bray-
ton, Briggs, Buflinton, Burlmgame, Burnett, Burnbara,
Butterfield, Carey. Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Ciopton,
Cobb, John Coehiane, Colfax, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Edgerton, Edwards, Ely,
Fentou, Foster, Gartrcll, Goouh, Giaham, Hale, Hall, Har-
deman, Helmiek, Hoard, Houston, William Howard, Wil-
liam A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey Hutcliins, Irvine,
Jackson, Junkni, Francis W. Kellogg, Kilgore, Landrum,
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. l.eacli, Lee, Loomis, Love-
joy, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McKean, McKnight,
McQueen, Millson,MilIward, Edward Joy Morris, Niblack,
Nixon, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pottie, Pryor,
Pugli, Quarles, Reagan, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Rum, Schwartz, Singleton, Spauiding, Stallworth, Stanton,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, The-
aker, Underwood, Vance, Van Wyck, Waldron, Ellihu B.
Washbuine, Israel Washburn,and Wright—110.
So the House refused to adjourn. *
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LOOMIS announced that his colleague,
Mr. Ferry, had paired for tho day with Mr.
Jackson.
Mr. NOELL said that, as the Sergeant-at-
Arms was sent for absent members the other
night, at a time when they ought to have been in
bed, and ns this motion to adjourn was to give
members time to come in who ought to be here,
he would vote " ay."
Mr. SINGLETON announced that his col-
leagues, Mr. Davis and Mr. Barksdale, were
still absent in consequence of sickness.
Mr. REAGAN said that, on the call of the roll
this morning, Mr. Stanton and himself were
absent on a committee of conference.
Mr. BOTELER said that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted "no."
Mr. BRABSON made a similar announcement.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, the reading of
the names was dispensed with.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
A quorum having appeared,
On motion of Mr. BRANCH, all further pro-
ceedings in the call were dispensed with.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 637) to settle the titles to
certain lands set apart for the use of certain half-
breed Kansas Indians in Kansas Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 706) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States, in conjunction with
the State of California, to run and mark the
boundary lines between the Territories of the
United States and the State of California; and
An act (H. R. No. 4) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending t^e 30th of June,
1861, and for other purposes.
MILEAGE OP MEMBERS.
Mr. ASHMORE. I offer the following reso-
lution:
llesolved, That tho Serjeant-at-Arms be, and he Is here-
by, instructed to withhold turther payment of the salaries
of such ot the members of this Congress as have neglected
or refused to report their mileage to the Committee on
Mileage.
I wish to state to the House, for its information,
that some forty or mors members are interested
