1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
explanation, and I am willing to take almost any |
explanation the gentleman will give me; but nev- ]
ertheless it seems to me that if the gentleman j
intended to be very rigid in administering the !
rules of this body, he ought to administer them '
impartially upon every member.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I find, by reference to the
paper, that my count was a correct one of the ballot
to which I referred. On Saturday's ballot Mr.
Hamilton received eighty-nine votes, and Mr.
Sherman one hundred and three. Mr. Gilmer
received fourteen votes, and all of them from his
South American friends. So thegentleman from
Maryland, if he alluded to that vote, is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I stated the con-
dition of the vote as a matter of memory. The
gentleman from Alabama has alluded to the vote
of Saturday. I allude to the thirty-first ballot,
taken on the 9th instant, and my statement as to
that vote was correct. On that vote, Mr. Morris,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Nixon voted for Mr.
Gilmer. The only question 1 asked, in reference
to the vote of Saturday, when the gentleman from
Alabama stated that Mr. Hamilton receivedcigh-
ty-nine votes, and that if he had received the whole
southern Opposition vote, lie would have lacked
only one vote of an election; the only question I
asked my friend from Alabama was* where that
one vote was to come from ?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is what I will answer,
and I propose to do it right here. The gentleman
asks, where was that one vote to come from. Have
not the gentlemen from New York and New Jer-
sey [Messrs. Clark and Adrain] repeatedly de-
clared, and repeated in this House to-day, that
whenever you bring it within the reach of their
votes they will take the responsibility and settle
the question? I do not mean to say that those
. gentlemen rcill vote for the Democratic candidate,
but I have no doubt they will; because their first
love will return in time to calm the agitation of
the country, and to save this House from the
burning, withering, Mistering eurse and shame
which would result from the putting in that chair
thegentleman from Ohio. [Hisses on the Repub-
lican side of the House, and applause in the gal-
leries.] I stated correctly to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,] when I said to him
that if his party had come over and voted for Mr.
Hamilton, he would have come within one vote
of an election.
Mr. BOTELER. I voted for Mr. Hamilton
upon every ballot.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no complaint to make
of any gentleman. I was only endeavoring to
show that if those fourteen votes and the two j
which were scattered—those of Messrs. Gilmer i
and Hill, I believe—had been cast for Mr. Ham- j
ilton, he would have had one hundred and five
votes, lacking but one of an election; and that
then my friend from New York [Mr. Clark]
would have shouldered the responsibility. He
would have done it, and he says so now. Now
I ask gentlemen, where is the responsibility for
the disorganization of this House ' Why, sir, it
my South American friends continue to stay out
and say they will come in whenever we get the
other two, three, or five; that they will remain
out until we Democrats can come together, there
is no point in that. But if those gentlemen had
come up and voted with us yesterday, then we
should have had the issue direct, and the gentle-
man from New Yoik [Mr. Clark] says he would
have decided it; and the gentleman from New
Jersey says he would have dccided it; and this
House would have been organized.
But another thing; I said of my friend from
New York, [Mr. Clark,] that I believed he would
vote for a Democrat. I think so, and so I think
will Mr. Adrain. Why? Because, if they had
been disposed to organize this House, as they say
they are desirous to, and if they wanted that the
organization should be effected by the other side
of the House, it has been within the reach of their
votes to do so. They could have made an organ-
ization long since against the national party,
against the Democratic party; and the fact that
they have notdone it, satisfies me that they do not
intend to do it, and never will do it. It is a de-
duction I draw from the facts of the case as they
appear from the record.
Now, I ask my South American friends how
they can resist a coalescence upon some one man,
and bring the vote up to that state which will force
an organization?
Mr. HARDEMAN. How can the gentleman
ask a South American to vote for a Democrat
until the Democrats themselves unite upon some
man of their party ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have already replied to
that.
Mr. HARDEMAN. If Messrs. Adrain, and
Clark of New York, vote for a Democrat, I pre-
sume the rest of us will do so too.
Mr. HOUSTON. Really that is not the sort
of answer I expected from the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. HARDEMAN. 1 did vote for Mr. Ham-
ilton.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 know the gentleman voted
for Mr. Hamilton, and he voted rightly; but I ap-
peal to the gentleman if that is the kind of answer
10 which my question is entitled?
Mr. HARDEMAN. I think the gentleman
ought to control his own household before he at-
tempts to control others.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Georgia
knows full well that those two gentlemen [Messrs.
Adrain and Clark] are not of the Democratic
household; they may be of the family—they say
they are—but they are not of the household.
Your party can control them.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I say to the gentlemen, if
we can control their votes, wc should like to get
their votes for a South American. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I desire to say that it is per-
fectly evident that I cannot be controlled in this
House, except by one thing, and that is my own
judgment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know the gentleman from
New Jersey, and the gentleman from Georgia
knows you; and he knew that lie was not dealing
fairly with what I said, when I stated that the
South Americans had it in their power, and now
have it in their power, to control the votes of those
gentlemen; because those gentlemen have said
that if we would unite upon a national man, as
Mr. Hamilton is, and bring an election within
the reach of their votes, they would take the re-
sponsibility and decide the question. I do not
mean to say that he and his party friends control
in any other way the votes of those gentlemen.
Not at all. I meant no such thing.
I was apprehensive, from a remark made by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clark,] that he
designed to convey the idea that I had referred to
matters that may have passed between us in pri-
vate. He disclaimed that; and I am entirely sat-
isfied that he meant no such thing.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The gentleman
misapprehended me; but I know my friend from
Alabama will say that I have never even intimated
to him m private how I would meet the responsi-
bility if east upon me.
Mr. HOUSTON. He never has; but I have
always known that the gentleman has some fine
qualities of heart and head; and I have no doubt
my distinguished friend will shoulder the respons-
ibility anif vote to put a national man in that chair.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I will either wait
till my name is called, or I will go on now. [Cries
of " Go on !"] This question of responsibility is,
in the present condition of the House, and in the
present excited state of the country, a grave one;
and I am not at all surprised that my friend from
Alabama and other gentlemen—situated as he is
in regard to the organization and the responsibil-
ity—are very desirous, as well as willing, to throw
the load off their shoulders to those of other peo-
ple. So far as the history of the contest for
Speaker up to this point is concerned, the respons-
ibility of non-organization is a plain, practical
question of facts and figures, which the country
and the House eon settle and adjudge for them-
selves without difficulty. I return the argument
of the gentleman fr^m Alabama on his ownhead;
and the rehearsal of Ills argument is a sufficient
response to it. What is it? "Why, that the south-
ern Opposition members lost the opportunity of
organizing the House on Saturday. How had
they that opportunity? Mr. Hamilton, the Dem-
ocratic candidate, received, the gentleman says,
eighty-nine votes; Mr. Gilmer fourteen, and there
were two South American votes scattering. Now,
even if the southern Opposition votes had all been
given to Mr. Hamilton, there would have been
still one vote lacking.
Now, I say, for the purpose of the argument,
and in regard to the facts of the case, tlmt Mr.
Sherman is, perhaps, no nearer to an election to-
day than he was the first day his friends voted for
him. He lacks two or three votes. Itisjustaseasy
to get a dozen additional votes, under the circum-
stances , as to get two or three. And that is precisely
the case, also, with the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Hamilton.] Even had all the South Ameri-
cans voted for him, he would have lacked one vote.
Where is it to come from? It is not under our
control. Docs the gentleman from Alabama want
us, a meager party of twenty-four, to exert a sort
of whipping-m process over honorable gentlemen
on this floor, who have shown their perfect ability
and their unflinching intention to regulate then-
conduct according to their own sense of respons-
ibility? I do not use the phrase " whipping-in "
in a personal sense.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that; but I do
not intend that the gentleman shall put the issue
in that shape. It is true that, if all these votes
had been cast for Mr. Hamilton, lie would have
still lacked one vote of an election. But the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Clark] and thegen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Adrain] say that
they would then have decidedone way or the other
they could have done it, and they would have done
it; and the House would have been organized.
But I did not intend to say that the gentleman
and his party friends were to be the whippers-in
of any man.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Well; I take
that back.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that the gentleman
did not mean to use the phrase offensively. I
mean to say that when he and his party friends
shall come up and vote for Mr. Hamilton, that
will force the issue on Mr. ClarkandMr. Adrain;
and, according to their own statement, they will
be compelled to decide. So that the gentleman
will have no whipping-in to do. All he has to do
is to come up and vote for a national man him-
self. and the fact of his discharging that patriotic
duty (which 1 know he is proud always to per-
form) would force these gentlemen to organize the
House in an instant.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have heard
with attention the remarks which the gentleman
from Alabama has submitted. It amounts simply
to this: that if we take that course and go for a
Democratic candidate, we have the gratification
before the House and country of trying an ex-
periment—an experiment on the nerves of two or
three Democratic members of the House, who
have shown by thirty-four ballots that they have
nerve enough to do just what they think right,
irrespective entirely of the pressure which either
side of the House may bring to bear upon them,
and who might at any time heretofore voted, had
they chosen to do so, as thegentleman from Ala-
bama now intimates they would do.
Now, Mr. Clerk, that is not the position of
southern Americans here. It is not a business
which they intend to have put upon them. I
would now like to ask my friend from Alabama
who is one of the leading members on that side
of the House, for such 1 certainly regard him,
whether, if we were willing to come in now, and
play at that game of political experiment, has he
any authority for saying, in behalf of these out-
standing gentlemen, that when they take the re-
sponsibility and face the music of that pressure,
that is going to organize the House on the Dem-
ocratic candidate, Mr. Hamilton?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have this to say: If Mr.
Sherman is to be elected by the votes of these
gentlemen—which I do not believe—the issue
might as well be known now as at any other time,
and the House would be organized. If these
gentlemen intend to vote for Mr. Sherman, is it
not. proper, is it not just, is it not reasonable, is
it not highly patriotic, that the issue should be
presented to them, and let them decidc it?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Why did they
not do it four weeks ago ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; why not have done
it four weeks ago? The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Claric] shows to the gentleman from Mary-
land that he is courting that responsibility patri-
otically and manfully, and will meet it. I take
it that he will vote for a Democrat or a national
man for the reason which I stated before, and
none other, i repeat them, and they arc. these:
