4X2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
If these gentlemen had wanted to elect Mr. Sher-
man, they would have done it long since.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the gen-
tleman how long he intends to occupy the floor?
I desire to go on and conclude my remarks.
• Mr. HOUSTON. I am only answering your
question. However, if the gentleman wishes to
go on, I will not interrupt him further.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I would prefer
to go on now. Mr. Clerk, the interjected appeal
and explanation of the gentleman docs not alter
the facts of the ease. I say again, that it is no
part of the business of the southern Opposition
to do anything more than act upon their own in-
dividual'responsibility. That they have done. If
the gentleman from New York, the gentleman from
New Jersey, and others who are outstanding, and
whose votes are essential to the Democratic side
of the House, if they are at last to cast their votes
upon that high and patriotic ground to which the
gentleman from Alabama alludes, the same im-
pulses of patriotism have been operative from the
beginning: down to the present time. I therefore
say that it is without the authority of those gen-
tlemen when the gentleman from Alabama under-
takes to say what will be the course of those
gentlemen who, as they have shown, judge and
act for themselves. I do not understand that he
has any right to speak either for my friend from
New Jersey or for my friend from New York.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. He has not as-
sumed to speak for us.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Now, let me
come to the point. It seems to me that as these
gentlemen are in the Democratic family, though
not of the Democratic household, and the Demo-
cratic party is unable to bring them to vote for a
regular Democrat, it should not be expected that
we who are neither of the Democratic family or
household should be able to influence them.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Maryland allow me to suggest that our
purpose is—and that I understand to be the object
of the gentleman from Alabama—to bring the vote
of this House to a crisis, so that the vote of those
gentlemen will determine the election one way or
the other. Then it will he for the gentleman from
New York and the gentleman from New Jersey to
determine how they will vote. As a matter of
course they will vote according to the dictates of
their own judgment.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Do I understand
the gentleman from Missouri to say that he is
ready to cast his vote for any national man out-
side of the Republican organization whenever the
votes of the national men of the House can be
concentrated upon him?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will do it most
emphatically for any man outside the Republican
party. I will vote tor Speaker tor any such man
whenever mv vote will elect htm. I
Mr. CLA&K, of New York. That compels '
me to say a few words right here. I
Air. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 yield in the i
gentleman from New York. !
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Clerk, ! •
have, from the very first hour of our assembling, \
as persistently anu as consistently as any oilier |
man in this House, cast my vole straight in the j
line of my politics. 1 have kept my vote within j
the range of that little one of the four factions of !
this House into which we are divided—the .small- i
est and most insignificant in numbers, but never- 1
thelcss, from the peculiar combinations of the j
House, equal to any of them in power. But, Mr. !
Clerk, 1 am about to make a momentary depart- i
ure. I make it upon my own responsibility, f i
make it without consultation with any one of the !
gentlemen with whom I sympathize, and m con- ;
cert with whom it is my pride and my pleasure ;
to act. Of the eight anti-Lceompton Democrats i
returned to this House as Democrats by the com- j
bined votes of Republicans, Americans, and Dem- j
ocrats, dissenting from the Democratic orgamza- i
tion, and now out of line of the Democratic organ-
ization in this House, three of them have felt it
to be their duty, under the circumstances of the
case, to cast their votes for the nominee of the
Republican party; five of them have not. Now,
sir, I desire to say to my anti-Lecompton col-
leagues, that, in making the departure I nowpro-
pose to make, 1 do not anticipate that any prac-
tical result will be immediately accomplished, and
that T do expect ere long to return, and to lay
down my bones by the side of those of my kin-
dred. [Laughter.]
Sir, I am, I believe, aware of the precise posi-
tion of things in this House. I am alive to the
fact that an experiment is being practiced upon
our strength; an experiment which I believe every
one of the gentlemen with whom lean act can bear.
Now, sir, to come right to the point. It is per-
fectly manifest that no anti-Lecompton Democrat
can be elected Speaker of this House, for the
reason that nobody (comparatively speaking) will
vote for him. [Laughter.] It is perfectly man-
ifest that no Lecompton Democrat can be elected
Speaker of this House, because the anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrats will not vote for him. It is equally
manifest that no member of the Republican organ-
ization can be elected by a majority vote of this
House, because, as has been once said upon this
floor, (and I now repeat the expression in the
presence of the country,) any man who now in-
tends to cast his vote for the Republican candidate
ought to be ashamed of himself because he did
not give it before, unless he gives it to avert a
revolution, and to save his country from the im-
mediate presence of civil convulsion.
Now, sir, such being the state of things, it is
as well to meet the issue first as last. It is clear
that, if this House is to be organized under the
majority rule, it must be.rupon some member of
the American organization. [Applause in the gal-
leries. ] The American faction, which I may say
to its honor, is the only one in this House which
now appears able to concentrate Us vote at pleas-
ure, has proffered as its candidate for the Speak-
ership, and has more than once concentrated its
vole upon, my honorable friend from North Car-
olina. He is my friend, and 1 amlus. Indeed, I
am not certain that we arc not personally related.
[Laughter.] But, sir, I have not voted for him.
And why? Snnply because, in the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, by his vote for the English bill, he gave
his assent to a system of territorial policy which,
if adhered to now, will inevitably throw that Kan-
sas firebrand anew into the country and again
distract its politics. If he had not voted for the
bill which finally passed, providing for the admis-
sion of Kansas into ihe Union under the Lecomp-
ton constitution, (1 me<ui the English bill,) 1 should
long before this have most cheerfully given him
my vote, lhit, sir, there is a gentleman in the
ranks of thai American faction for whom I can
vote; and, observing before me the honorable gen-
tleman from New jersey, [Mr. Adrain,] 1 will
say that 1 hope i am authorized in the expression
of the opinion that he will assume the hazard of
the responsibility—which I will take alone, if
necessary—and vote with mo for that gentleman.
If I am in error, when he shall have heard me
further he may make such explanation as he shall
think fit to make.
Now, sir, touching this American parly, I have
(o say that j have never been a member of it.
Hut i ha\e inquired about if, and 1 understand
that the sole principle which constitutes the basis
of the American organization, as it. exists in the
{South and as u is represented on this floor,is the
great, principle of honest m//fntgc. Well, Mr.
Clerk, I am for honest suffrage, here and every-
where. I voted for honest suffrage m Kansas,
and I will vote for it now and forever.
Sir, I am not unmindful of the fact that my
Democratic colleagues in this House, in good and
regular standing in the party and in its organiza-
tion, have felt themselves constrained to cast a
large and powerful vote for the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. AIaynard.] Sir, T
honor them for doing so. They proved to this
House and to the country that they could, for ihe
purpose of meeting a gieat public exigency, rise
above the spmtof partisanship which rules the
hour. 1 am not to be outdone by them m the
breach of party discipline which every man may -
safely make upon an occasion like this, and I am
therefore determined to stretch myself up, if 1
can, to the full measure of their nationality. They
very naturally and very properly selected from
the American organization a gentleman whose
record in the Thirty-Fifth Congress conesponds
with their own. £ may with equal justice select
a gentleman, of whom 1 feel at liberty (butwith-
omt his authority) to say, that had' he been a
member of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, his record
upon the groat question which divided that Con-
gress would have corresponded with mine.
I have cast my eyes over the roll of those gen-
tlemen representing on this floor the American
organization in the southern States, and, as I said
before, I find one at least for whom I can con-
sistently cast my vote. I remember well that the
fentleman to whom I refer, when a member of the
'hirty-Third Congress, deemed inexpedient,and
therefore opposed, the repeal of the Missouri com*
promise line, and that he further distinguished
himself by bringing forward in that Congress a
resolution, the action upon which satisfied the
people of the North that the people of the South
were in firm antagonism to the repeal or relaxa-
tion of the laws prohibitory of the African slave
trade. Sir, 1 like that record, and inasmuch as
my friend and namesake from Missouri is ready
to unite with myself and my friend from New
Jersey upon any national man in the American
organization who can combine upon himself the
entire vote of his faction, and believing, as I do,
that the honorable gentleman of whom I speak is
a national man, and, as such, inflexibly and inex-
orably opposed to the rekindling in the country
of the slavery agitation in any of its various
forms, 1 now declare my readiness to cast my
; vote for Emerson Etheridge, in the event that
! he can receive the support of his own organiza-
! tion; and I sincerely regret that I have not the
j power to place him m the Speaker's chair at once.
| Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, took the floor.
Mr.ADKAlJS. I rise to an explanation. [Cries
: of "Call the roll!" "Let us vote!"]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 wish to say a
word.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the further con-
tinuance of this debate.
Mr. CLAH K, of Missouri. I will not vote for
one of the southern Opposition less national than
the rest. I will not vote for Emerson Etheridge.
[Laughter on the Republican benches.]
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 should like to know the ob-
jection to my going on. I do not occupy much
of the time of this House. In a few* words I wish
to express my opinion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I insist on my objection.
Mr. ADRAIN. The floor was yielded to me.
The CLERK. Objection is made to this debate
continuing any further, and that objection is in-
sisted on.
Mr. ADRAIN. I submit the question to the
House whether I shall proceed.
The CLERK. Will the House permit the gen-
tleman to proceed'1
The House voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ADRAIN. I wish to say to the gentleman
from New York, [Air. Clark,] who has been act-
ing with me as an anti-Lecompton Democrat, that
when he attempts to make a move from our small
body—because we are certainly small, and it seems
that we are growing less and less every day—he
ought at least to consult with us, and particularly
with myself, as he and I have been steadily acting-
together. I have no objection to the gentleman fi om
New York nominating Air. Ethkridgi;. That gen-
tleman has maikcd talent, and would fill the Speak-
er's chair, I have no doubt, with great ability and
satisfaction to the House and the country. I only
regret that my friend, who has been acting with me,
should take any step without consultation. Al-
though Mr. Etjieridge'b nomination will not
result in making him Speaker of this House, I
hope that my friend from New York will here-
after, before he makes another move, do me the
favor of consulting with his anti-Lecompton
friends, so that we may act together. [Laughter.]
Air. CLARK, of New York. I will break the
traces as seldom as I can.
Air. HARRIS, of Alaryland. The gentleman
from Alabama will now be satisfied, I think, that
it is needless to consume time m the trial of any
further experiments. I know that every Opposi-
tion member from the South will vote for Air.
Etheridge with a great deal of pleasure; but I
think that, perhaps", this new experiment sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York is not
certain to operate as favorably as the one I shall
suggest before I close. I come back to the most
feasible, conclusive, satisfactory settlement of this
vexed question of organization that has yet been
developed; and, as the gentleman from Alabama
puts the duty of our action upon high, national,
and patriotic ground, I will renew a suggestion I
made a week or so since precisely upon the same
ground. My appeal to gentlemen North and South
