1860.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL mOM
posed is the,week in which the'Charleston'cdn-
vention is to lye. Jieldl ■
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I.hope a week ear-
lier will be fixed for this important bill.
Mr. ROYCE. Then I modify my motion by
making the bill a special order for two weeks
from to-day.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask for the reading of the
131st rule.
The 131st rule was read, as follows:
" No motion or proposition for a tax or cliargc upon the
people shail be discussed the day on which it is made or
offered; and every such proposition shall recoive its first
discussion in a Committee of the Whole House."
Mr. MILLSON. 1 call now for the reading.of
the 133d rule.
The 133d rule was read, as follows:
" Ml proceedings touching appropriations of money shall
Be first discussed in a Committee of tlic Whole House."
Mr. MILLSON. Now, my point of order is,
that not only must the bill 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
from Virginia will permit roe to say here, thai
this very bill was last year reported and postponed
precisely as it is proposed to postpone it now.
Mr. MILLSON. My point of order is, that
not only must the bill be discussed in a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, but that all proceedings
touching the bill must be discussed in a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and that it is incompe-
tent for the House to. postpone the consideration
of the bill, and to keep it before the House for a
single day. It must be referred to a Committee
of the Whole, House, if it is to go there at all.
The SPEAKER. TheChairdoesnotentertain
that view of the case. Itappears t® the Chair that
the mere matter of postponement to another day
may well be disposed of now, and that it does
not involve the settlement of the question.
Mr. MILLSON. The motion to postpone
would admit of a discussion oil the merits of this
bill.
The SPEAKER.. No discussion on the merits
of the bill is lawful at this stage—nothing but a
discussion as to the question of postponement.
It is a mere delay that is asked. In the opinion
of the Chair, the bill, when it comes up again,
will come up in the condition it is m now. The
question is on seconding the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
"main question ordered.
Mr. RARKSDALE. I move to lay the bill on
the'table. But if gentlemen will agree to let the
'bill go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where it ought to be, I will with-
draw that motion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman from Mississippi will waive his motion
for the present, considering that the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, who takes a
lively interest in the question, and is thoroughly
posted on the subject, is not present.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I ask the gentle-
man from Vermont to agree that this bill shall be
recommitted to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and it can be reported again by the chairman him-
self. I desire to say further, that it was the un-
derstanding in the committee that 
Mr. WASHBUR.N, of Maine. The gentleman
from Mississippi knows very well that if the bill
were recommitted it could not be reported again.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Itcould be reported again
in two weeks' time.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, wewould gain noth-
ing by recommitting the bill to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BARKSDALE withdrew his motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Rotce's mo-
tion to make the bill a special order for this day
two weeks; and it was agreed to.
Mr FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was made a special order; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN RANDOLPH CLAY.
Mr ROYCE. I am instructed by theCommittee
on Foreign Affairs to report back the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 5) authorizing the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to revise and adjust1 the
accounts of John Randolph Clay, United States
Minister to Peru. I move to put the joint 'reso-
lution on its passage. I think there can be no
objection to the passage of the resolution; I hope
the House will consent to take it up, and pas® it
at this time. '
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object to the passage of this
resolution, and shall consequently object to its be-
ingputon its passage at this time, l fnove thatit
be referred to a Gommittee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and ordered tobe printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SEIZURE OF tfllE.BARK ADRIATIC.
Mr. BURLINGAME, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs', reported a joint resolution rela-
tive to the alleged seizure and condemnation of
the American bark Adriatic by the French au-
thorities; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
FRANCIS DAINESE.
Mr. BURLINGAME, from the same commit-
tee, also reported a bill for the relief of Francis
Dninese; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 241) authorizing publishers to print on
their papers the date when subscriptions expire,
and in relation to the postage on drop letters; and
an act for the relief of Mary E. Castor; when the
"Speaker signed the same.
TIIOMAS L. L. IiSEXT.
Mr. BRANCH, from the same committee,
made an adverse rcporton the.petition of Thomas
L. L. Brent, for outfit as charge d'affaires; "#111011
was laid on the table.
ADMISSION" OF KANSAS.
Mr.GROW. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Territories to report back a bill (H. R. No.
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union.
I propose to submit a motion to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Territories; but 1 will con-
sult the will of the House, whether it will go into
the discussion of the bill now, or fix a time for its
consideration. The minority of the Committee
on Territories desire to submit a report, and I
suppose there will be no objection to its being
submitted, and ordered to be printed, with the ma-
jority report. I will be governed entirely by the
wish of the House whether to have a particular
time fixed for the bill to come up for discussion,
or whether discussion shall go on now, on the
motion to recommit.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
discussion will go on now, and lot us pass the
bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I propose to make
a minority report. I have one in preparation,
but it is not yet completed. It will be completed
in a very slioit time; and I would prefer not to
enter on the discussion till then.
Mr. GROW. The motion to recommit will
bring up this subject on Tuesday. By that time
ail the papers, including the minority report, can
be printed, and the bill will come up as the first
business in order when the committees are called
on Tuesday. If that course will meet the views
of the House, I will now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committeee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. '
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I can have the mi-
nority report ready by Tuesday. That will be
time enough for me.
Mr. GROW. Then I desire to give notice to
the House that I shall ask for a vote upon the
bill at as early a day'as possible.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that this
bill will be oneof the test questions in this House,
and really I see no necessity for any very lengthy
discussion upon it. I suppose that every mem-
ber here has made up his mind whether he will
vote for or against the admission of Kansas under
this bill. I desire, therefore, so far'as I am con-
cerned, to allow gentlemen upon the Opposition
side of the House an opportunity of recording
their votes for the admission of Kansas, and to al-
low those of us on this side, who would vote that
way,
y, an opportunity Of recording our 'votes
"against it. This is ft qusstion that all will prob-
aply want to dispose of during'the present ses-
sion of Congress. I desire to make no motion
which will not give an, opportunity,for a legiti-
mate Expression of opinion by every member
upon th<J ^ther side of the House, as welWs upon
this side. Put witli a view of gettiogkttheserise
of the House—of the members of the'Riipub'licah
party and of the Democratic party*-*-if fhe gehtle-
man from Pennsylvania has no objeetion to it, I
will move to lay the bill upOn'the tftb9e. ' •
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hopfe' the gentle-
man will not do that. ' ■ •
Mr. GROW. Let-me understand first if I am
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I recognize the gentle-
man's right to the floor, and I hold it at his
pleasure. I desire to say that, as the gentleman
from Missouri is a member of the Territorial Com-
mittee, and has got his report nearly ready to be
submitted to the House, and desires to have it
printed, I will not make any motion which will he
disagreeable to him, feeling that he has a right,
tipon this Side of the House, to direct and control
this question.
Mr. GROW. That is the very reason why I
did not ask action ori the bill to-day, in, order that
the minority might have an opportunity to have
their report made and-printed. And now, if it is
satisfactory to the House, I will give this notice:
that on Tuesday, when the bill comes tip, X shall
ask a vote upon it, consulting the pleasure of the
House as to the time when it shall be taken. I
do not know of any reason why we should'have
a long discussion upon this question. It is one
that is familiar to the House, and that we all
understand. I think two or three hours will be a
sufficient time to discuss it, and then we can have
a vote upon it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania this, as a better
course: to let the matter be postponed until Tues-
day, or some other day, and to let the repdrts of
the majority and of the minority be printed; so
that the House may understand the grounds upon
which those who oppose the admission base that
opposition, and the grounds upon which the ma-
jority of the committee place their advocacy of it.
I have my report prepared, but it needs some re-
vision. Two or three hours will be as long as I
want to prepare it for the press. If it is under-
stood that the majority report is now made, with
leave to the minority to submit their report, and
have it printed, I do not care what cay it is post-
Foned to, so that we ean be heard upon it. But
want to have the reports printed before any vote
is taken on a motion to lay the bill upon the table,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would ask the gentleman
■when his report can be submmitted ana printed?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. By Tuesday.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I would suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that Tuesday
will be too early & day to consider the bill, if the
gentleman's report cannot be brought in until
Tuesday.
Mr. GROW. I do not think that we should
postpone this matter for any longer time than may
be sufficient for the minority of the committee to
make their report. The report of the committee
was agreed to on the 23d of February, and the
bill has been ready to be reported from that time
to this; but we have had no opportunity of pre-
senting it,
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United Slates, by Mr. James Buchanan, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that he
had this day approved and signed a bill making
appropriations for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the Ponca Indians, and certain hands of In-
dians in the State of Oregon and the Territory of
Washington, for the year ending June 30, 1860.
Also, communicating to the House of Represent-
atives a message in writing.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS—AGAIN.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I would ask-the
chairman of the Committee on Territories not to
press this matter; for, as he is aware, the minor-
ity report has been got up under some embarrass-
ments, and needs revision. 1 supposed that I was
ready to have offered it this morning; but I find
that it needs some revision in regard to the dates
