1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
is this: if we are to organize this House upon what
our Democratic friends tell us is alone the national
and conservative ground, then there is but one
man whom the record has demonstrated from the
heginning is able to receive votes enough to make
him Speaker. He is a southern man, a national
man , a conservative man; he isa large slaveholder,
if that be a recommendation, as I know it is with
some; he has twice already received votes enough,
with those of the other side, to elect, and he can
receive thosevotes again. I ask gentlemen, then,
whether it is not better to go out of the circle of
experiment to the platform of a certain attainable
result?
Objections have been made that votes have been
given from this side to Mr. Gilmer, of North Car-
olina, and that he was tainted by these votes to
such an extent that the Democratic side cannot
possibly vote for him.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In order
that there may be no misapprehension, I will say
that I will not vote for Mr. Gilmer. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I say, respect-
fully, that the only objection that has been urged
to Mr. Gilmer by the Democratic side of the
House is that he has received certain northern
votes. That objection springs rather from per-
sonal feeling and prejudice than from sound rea-
son. It may be that we of the southern Opposi-
tion are properly invoked to come over and vote
for a Democrat in order to organize* But the
gentleman from Alabama knows perfectly well
that the course of the Democratic party towards
the southern Opposition has been at times a course
calculated to stir up every emotion of opposition
against the Democratic party of which the human
soul is susceptible. He knows that when the
members of the southern Opposition party come
up and vote for a member of the Democratic or-
ganization, they must do it by a sacrifice of those
feelings of opposition upon the altar of some great
national necessity; and you appeal to us confi-
dently, and seem to feel satisfied to-day that if
the crisis comes, the appeals will be met. Why,
I ask, then, in the name of fair dealing—in the
name of a common national responsibility, in view
of the great end which must be attained, unless
the machine ry of this Government is to be clogged,
if not shattered—why is it that the appeals you,
as southern men, address to us as southern men,
to throw aside the shackles of our party preju-
dices, and rally to the support of a Democrat—why
should that appeal, made by you as national men,
to us as national men, be stronger when made by
you to us, than when made by us to you?
I say the country will look over and through
this flimsy objection, in view of such great re-
sults and such overshadowing responsibility as
are involved m this question. The country will
override the objection that Mr. Gilmer, who can
be elected, ought not to be voted for by the Dem-
ocratic side because some northern men voted for
him. Gentlemen from the North have twice voted
for Mr. Gilmer; and they voted for him because
he was a tariff man, a conservative man, and a
national man. Let me say to gentlemen thai the
country will see, in this refusal of Democrats to
support him, this further significant fact, that gen-
tlemen coming from the non-slaveholding States,
who have been voting with the Republicans, have
been willing, for the sake of an organization, to
leave the- man for whom they have been voting,
and vote for a gentleman of the South, profess-
edly the largest slaveholder in the House of Rep-
resentatives. And I appeal now to the patriotism
and nationality which it is professed always
animates the Democracy, if the fact that a few
northern votes were thrown for Mr. Gilmer will
prevent them from organizing the House, when
gentlemen on this non-slaveholding sectional wing
of the House, as this side always states them to
be, are willing to make a larger sacrifice by voting
for the largest slaveholder upon this floor.
I am ready as one member of this House to
take whatever responsibility attaches to my action
here. It shall be such as will meet my instinctive
sense of right, and mv soundest judgment in the
premises. But I do think, before this question
of responsibility is thrown at us again, that our
Democratic friends should come and aci with us
once; and as they are fond of experiments, that
they should try the experiment of organizing by
the election of Mr. Gilmer. If that experiment
should fail, then I shall be willing to meet what-
ever responsibility may rest upon me in connec-
tion with what course I pursue.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Has the gentle-
man ever voted for the Democratic nominee for
Speaker ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have not; but
some of those with whom I have acted have.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Has the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] ever
done so ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. He has not; but
I ask the gentleman from Alabama whether, in
view of the absolute necessity of organizing with
reference to the discharge of the just indebtedness
of this Government to the mail contractors and
others, he is unwilling to aid in doing so by the
election of Mr. Gilmer because he has not voted
for a Democrat ? Is that the gentleman 's reason ?
Mr. RUST. I desire to say one word to the
gentleman. When those gentlemen of the Repub-
lican party voted for Mr. Gilmer, no intimation
was given to the Democratic party that they would
vote for him, and on the next ballot those gentle-
men abandoned him. They have never on two
consecutive ballots voted for him, and we have
had no reason to believe they would. 1 do not
mean, however, to commit myself to Mr. Gilmer
at all.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Arkansas is mistaken. Upon the 16th of
December, Mr. Gilmer received thirty-six votes,
and the gentleman's remark is perfectly true in
reference to that ballot, that no previous notice
was given that those gentlemen on the Republican
side would vote for him then, or continue to do
so. But on the 23d of December, the question was
again raised. I made the pointmyself, and closed
by nominating Miv Gilmer. The question was
asked, upon the Demociatic side of the House, if
those northern men would adhere to him; and they
rose in their places, and said they were honest in
giving their first vote and would do so again. Upon
that expression of their intention, I put Mr. Gil-
mer in nomination; and they did vote for him,
and they are ready to vote for him again.
Mr. RUST. I believe I was not present at that
time.
Mr. WINSLOW. I believe it is the desire of
the House to have not only this ballot, but an-
other, and I appeal to gentlemen to allow the
roll-call to be finished.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order,
and 1 rather make it upon the gentleman from
Alabama than anybody else. I object to any
further discussion. It is all out of order.
Mr. MOOR'S, of Alabama. I merely wish to
answer a question.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say,
that heretofore some indulgence has been given
to gentlemen, when their names have been called,
to make remarks. There is no question but what,
so far as parliamentary law is concerned, these
remarks cannot be made, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I will not insist.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
that hereafter, when gentlemen attempt to make
remarks under these circumstances, if objection
be made, he will fee! it his duty to interfere and
not permit gentlemen to proceed without the con-
sent of the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I did not, under the
peculiar circumstances of the case, insist upon
my former point of order, but I will insist upon
it hereafter. *
The call of the roll was concluded; and the re-
sult of the ballot announced as above recorded.
And then, on motion of Mr. WINSLOW, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 12, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, m answer to a resolution of the :
Senate of the 9th instant, a report of the Register
of the Treasury, showing the unexpended amount
of the fund set apart by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, for the payment of claims of citizens of
the United States; which, on motion of Mr. Hun-
ter, was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
COURT 01? CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate reports of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, adverse to the claim of James
McCormick; the claim of Nathaniel Riddick, ad-
ministrator of Willis Riddick; the claim of Isaac
Swain; the claim of Nancy D. Holker, adminis-
tratrix of John Holker; the claini of Henry James
Anderson, administrator of Elbert Anderson; the
claim of Lydia R. Shreve and Walter K. Carter,
administrators of Henry M. Shreve; the claim of
S. Calvert Ford; the claim of Erastus Williams,
administrator of Elisha Tracey; the claim of
Thomas B. King; the claim of Fernando Saman-
iego; the claim of Nehemiah B. Northrop, ad-
ministrator of John Langdon; the claim of Willis
Benefield; the claim of J. Alexis Post; the claim
of George N. Butt, surviving partner of Black &
Butt; the claim of James Kearney; the claim of
Elliott Woodbury and Ezra Foster; the claim of
Rufus L. Baker; the claim of Harriet B. Macomb,
administratrix of Alexander Macomb; the claim
of Rulif Van Brunt; the claim of Peter N. Paillet;
theclaim of William H. Chase; the claim of Rich-
ard Steenburg;the claim of James Valentine, as-
signee of Oliver Wiley; the claim of William Au-
brey; the claim of Israel Kotchum; the claim of
Richard W. Meade, administrator of Richard W.
Meade; the claim of George W. Mundy, admin-
istrator of Eleazur W. Ripley; the claim of An-
thony Addison, administrator ofMargaretLeitch;
the claim of Bias. P. Alviso; the claim of D. D.
Davidson, administrator of Daniel Delozier; the
claim of Mary Williams; the claim of Asbury W.
Kirk and others, heirs and legal representatives
of John Campbell; the claim of Edward D. Tip-
pett; the claim of James M. Carlisle and Walter
S. Coxe, administrators of Cornelius P. Van
Ness; the claim of John H. Reily, administrator
of William Rcily; the claim of J. W. Dceble; the
claim of Hopkins Lightner, executor of Stephen
Pleasanton; the claim of Samuel A.Smith; the
claim of Josiah F. Polk; and the claim of Abra-
ham Martin.
Also, reports of the Court of Claims in favor
of the claim of Mariano G. Vallejo; the claim of
Lydia Frazee, administratrix of John Frazee; the
claim of Augustus H. Evans: the claim of James
Crooks, surviving partner of James & William
Crooks; the claim of William Geigcr; and the
claim of Thomas L. Edwards, administrator of
Thomas R. Gedney, accompanied by the follow-
ing bills:
A bill for the relief of Mariano G. Vallejo;
A bill for the relief of Lydia Frazee, adminis-
tratrix of John Frazee;
A bill for the relief of Augustus H. Evans;
A bill for the relief of James Crooks, surviving
partner of James & William Crooks;
A bill for the relief of William Geiger; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas L. Edwards,
administrator of Thomas R. Gedney; which were,
on motion of Mr, Iverson, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying Congress to pass a law
to prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly of,
the publiclands, and that they be laid out in farms
or lots for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Applcton and others, merchants of Boston,
praying that a drawback may be allowed on Ma-
nila cordage; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
Catharine B. Turner, widow and executrix of
Daniel Turner, late a captain in the Navy, pray-
ing remuneration for expenses incurred by her
husband in entertaining while in command of the
naval forces on foreign stations; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHESNUT presented the memorial of the
State of South Carolina, for reimbursement of
payments made to the Palmetto regiment in the
war with Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia,
