414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
He also presented the memorial of the State of
South Carolina, for reimbursement of expenses
incurred in the war of the Revolution, and paid
by her subsequently to the settlement with the
States under the act of August 5, 1790; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN -AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of citizens of
Washington, relating to the jail m said city, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia. * i
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the proceedings of the Criminal court of j
the District of Columbia, relating to inci easing the accom-
modations for that couit, on the files of the Senate, be re-
feired to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles M. Perry, praying
compensation for services as a clerk in the office of the
Treasurer of the United States, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PtJGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Jones and others,
of Clermont county, Ohio, praying fo he allowed bounty
land for fecrviccs in the war of 1812, on the files of the
Senate, be lefeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Emily L. Slaughter, pray-
ing lor a pension due her as the widow of Commander A.
G. Slaughter, ol the United States N.ivv, trom 9th Septem-
ber, IBjy, to the date of ins defease, on (lie files of the Sen-
ate, be leferted to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered* That the petition of the heirs of Jabez J*. Hooker,
praying to be allowed a sum rejected m the settlement oi
his accounts under the act toi their icliel; and abo at the
rate of $3.>0 per annum, fiom IVIaieh y, 18 Ui, to December
31, 18.30, while he waricleilc to the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of FJonrv Pamir, a purser in
the Navy, piaymg that he may ho credited with the amount
paid by him to Lieutenant Rich for  erviees as judge ad-
vocate, and disallowed on the settlement of his accounts,
on the files of the Senate, be iWeued to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
PILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a lull (S. No. 61) for
the better organization of the United States Army;
which was read twice by its title,and refened to
the Committee on Militaiy Affairs and Miluia.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, ami by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 5) for supplying the Choctaw,
Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations with such
copies of the laws, journals, and public printed
documents as are furnished to the States and Ter-
ritories; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Library.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Miiitia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 48) to fix the pay and regulate the allow-
ance of oOiccrs of the Army, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of (he Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshire
Railroad Company, praying authority to extend
a branch of their road into Georgetown, District
of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No. G4) to author-
ize the extension and use of a blanch of the Alex-
andria, Loudoun, and Hampshiie laiiroad vwthm
the city ofGeorgetown; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of th<T)ro\ident Asso-
ciation of Clerks, prayin" an amendment of their
charter, reported a bill (S. No. 62) to amend the
" act to incorporate the Provident Association of
Clerks in the civil departments of the Govern-
ment of the United States in the District of Colum-
bia;" which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the officers and ex-
ecutive committee of the American Pharmaceuti-
cal Association of the United States, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
which was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Michael Nash, a guard of the Peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia, praying ad-
ditional compensation for the time he was em-
ployed on other duty in the Penitentiary, reported
a bill (S. No. 63) for the relief of Michael Nash,
of the District of Columbia; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr.IVERSON,fromthe Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Mrs. Jane
M, McCrabb, widow of Captain John "VV. Mc-
Crabb, late of the United States Army, praying
an appropriation of certain moneys equitably due
to her deceased husband for special and extra
official services in the Florida war, reported a bill
(S. No. G3^ for the relief of Mrs. Jane M. Mc-
Crabb, widow of the late Captain John W. Mc-
Crabb, assistant quartermaster, United States
Army; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LANE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend the fourth sec-
tion of the act for the admission of Oregon into
the Union, so as to extend the time for selecting
salt springs and contiguous lands in Oregon.
SENATE DRAUGHTSMEN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution for consideration:
I Resolved, That the ie*olution of the. Senate nf the United
! States of the 10th of January, 1852, directing the Secretary
| of the Senate to employ a draughtsman for eettain puipoxes
; ihcieni specified, be, and tho s-atno is hereby, ie-cinded ;
: and that ail public leeoids connected with said ofheer as
! diaughNman, be delivered to the elei k of the Committee on
! Public Land-* ioi use of (said committee.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the 1M evident of the United States he ic-
quept«'d to communicate to the Senate, it m his opinion not
inconsistent with the public welfare, copies ol anv cone-
spondence now on the hies of the Depaitment of State, by
Mi. Stockton, the Mutistei ot the United States at Rome,
iclntmg to a icpoited ontinge on an Ameuean family, at
! Peiugia, mthe Pontifical Slates,and the meas-uies taken to
■ pioeuie iedies^ therelor.
J DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
| Mr. BROWN submitted the foljowmg rcsolu-
! tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
! sent, and agreed to:
Hesoived* That so much of the Piesidcnt'f mess-age and
of the icpoit ot' the Secictaiy of the Intcuor a<> relates to
the Distuet of Columbia, be leteiied to the Committee on
the Dibtiictol' Columbia, with in-nuictions to inqiuicinto
the expediency of enacting lawn to cany then special ree-
| ommcndatio. s into effect
TITLES TO PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted tho following resolu-
tion; winch was eonsideicd by unanimous coti-
j| sent, nnd agreed to:
, Kaolrrdy That the Commi'tee on Public Land* inquire
;1 into the expediency of quieting the tale-* of t-uch puiehas-ei-i
i; of public lands nom the United States in Flonda, as may
fall withtu the State of Gcotgia undci the adjustment of
houmlaiy between the two States, and also of grantee*
under the State of ftooigia, what lands may fall in Florida,
and icpoit by bill or otueiwi^e.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that when the Senate
nd|Ourn to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Air. CLINGMAN. If there he no objection
to U, I wish to ask that the Senate may meet at
twelve o'clock instead of one. We shall thus be
i! enabled to get through with our business earlier.
Mr. SLIDELL. That would require a sepa-
'i rate resolution. I think,as the matter now stands,
| a resolution wok passed, introduced by the Senator
I fiorn Vuginia, [jUr. Mason',] directing, until the
! further order of the Senate, that the Senate meet
i at one o'clock. It will require a distinct resolu-
| turn to change the hour, 1 have no objection to
,1 it, however.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 make that suggestion,
that we meet at twelve o'clock.
j j Mr. SLIDELL. It will require a distinct order,
j] Mr. CLINGMAN. I make no objection to
:■ the Senator's motion; but I wish to have the hour
i; of meeting altered.
ji The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
j| is on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
j; that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
II Monday next. What hour does the Senator in-
!l diopter
Mr. SLIDELL. I will say one o'clock on
Monday next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator makes that
motion, I will move to amend it by inserting twelve
o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the question had bet-
ter be taken separately on the motion that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next, and then the other motion will
come up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourns to-day rt adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now renew the motion of
the Senator from North Carolina, that, until fur-
ther ordered, the Senate meet at twelve o'clock
instead of one o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. I trust that motion will not pre-
vail. I think, at any rate, while tho House is in
its present unorganized condition, that we should
be consuming time unnecessarily by coming here
at twelve o'clock; and those of us who have any
committee business to perform, can employ the
time more profitably out of this Chamber.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Allow me to make this
suggestion: Most of us have some business at the
Departments. We cannot get to see the head of
a Department before eleven o'clock, if we go; and
1 thought, by meeting at twelve o'clock and get-
ting through as early as possible, we might have
the after hours to make those calls of business or
otherwise, and that it might be more convenient
to Senators. It struck me m that light. I care
nothing about it, of course.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 trust this order will not
be made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will withdraw the motion.
I think that will terminate the debate.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. YULEE. Before the Senate proceeds to
other business, I wish to correct an impression
produced by a resolution presented here the day
before yesterday, the proceedings on which did
not come to my ey ; unul this morning, when,
accidentally, I happened to see the popor. I had
requested of the chairman of tho Committee on
Printing the use, for the Superintendent, of the re-
port of the Postmaster General, for the purpose of
printing the extra copies which had been ordered
by him; but at the momentwhen the resolution was
presented by the chairman of the committee, who
adopted that mode to effect my object, I happened
to be absent in the other House for a few mo-
ments, upon business with my colleague. 1 find
this matter presented itself to the Senate in the
aspect of an evasion by the Post Office Depart-
ment of the law le^ulatmg the public printing.
It is due to that Department that I should state
very briefly how that resolution came to be offered,
it was done upon my responsibility; and the
printing was sought by me for the convenience
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
It will be recollected, Mr. President, that at the
last session I endeavored to effect the passage of
a resolution authorizing the printing m advance
of the meeting of Congress of the report of the
Postmaster General. My reason for that was, that
m consequence of its being the last of the reports
accompanying the President's message, "yve never
received it for the use of the committee until
towards the close of the session, at the end of
the punting of some four or five volumes of Ex-
ecutive Documents. At this session, it being de-
sirable to the committee to obtain the use of this
report, and of the statistics accompanying it, as
early as possible, I sought some means of an early
printing; and inasmuch as 1 was informed by the
Superintendent that the Post Office Department
had, as usual at every other session, sent an order
for a number of extra copies for Ihe use of the
Department accompanying the message of the
President, to the committee, I proposed that the
extra number should be printed at once. In order
to enable that to be done, it was necessary that
the use of the papers should be allowed to the
Printer,and the resolution introduced by the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing had that ob-
ject. The printing is not done by the Post Office
Department. It is ordered as part of the public
printing by the Superintendent of the Public
JPrinting, under a resolution of the Committee
