1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4X5
on Public Printing, which directs him to have
executed the current printing of the Senate until
a Printer is elected. Whether that be proper or
not, I do not know. It is proper, I presume, as
it has been done by the committee. But, to guard
the Superintendent, I think it proper to state here
that I requested him to have it done upon my re-
sponsibility for the convenience of the committee,
and if not recognized as legal, I would pay for it
myself. That is the whole amount of the mat-
ter. I think it proper to make this statement in
order that the Post Office Department may be re-
lieved of the imputation which, from what passed
on that occasion, may attach to the proceeding.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask to be excused from fur-
ther service on the Committee on Pensions. I will
observe to the Senate, I am on two other commit-
tees, and that my colleague [Mr. Grimes] is a
member of the same committee. I move that I
bo excused from further service on that commit-
tee, and that the Chair be authorized to fill the
vacancy.
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion introduced by the Senator from Ohio, being
the business on which the Senate adjourned yes-
terday, is now before the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. I believe a resolution, offered by
myself yesterday, relative to the election of a
Printer, comes up in order this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Indiana, that the
resolution of the Senator from Ohio, being the
unfinished business of yesterday, is the first busi-
ness in order.
Mr. PITCH. If my resolution is in order, I
fuel it my duty to press it to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Ohio is the first
business 111 order.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, which was submitted by
Mr. Pugh on the 15th ultimo:
Resolved, That the Conmi'ttee on Territories bo instructed
to mquiie into the; expediency of repealing so much oi tiie
acts appiovud September 9, !&>(), tor the oiganization of
teuitoii.il governments m Now Mexico ami Utah, as re-
quites that all the law© parsed by the Legislatures of those
Teuitojies shall be Mibniitted to Cougre&s for appioval or
lejeetion.
The pending question beingon the amendment
offered by Mr. Harlan, to insert, at the end of
the resolution, the following:
And i=aid committee is also instructed to inquire into the
propuety of authorizing the people of each of said Ternto-
ries to elect all their tentorial officers, executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial, in such manner a^lhe Lcgi&latuics tlicieof
shall piovide.
Mr. PUGH. I am aware, Mr. President, that
in resuming the floor to-day I am trespassing on
the kindness of the Senate in an extraordinary
degree; but then with the exception of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas] Istmd without as-
sistance, thus far without any expression of sym-
pathy, as to my opinions, from either side of this
Chamber. 1 read, last evening, from the Kansas-
Nebraska bill that section which defkicd the leg-
islative power of the Territory m order to show
that from the language of that section Congress
did not assume to confer that power upon the Le-
fislature, but merely acknowledged its existence.
referred also to the fact that the Cincinnati plat-
form held up no other territorial act as a model
and example; that it did not set forth the Oregon
bill of 1848, nor the ordinance of 1787, nor the
"Washington act, nor any other act than the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act as a model of Democratic prin-
ciples applied to territorial organization.
But, sir, there is one marked distinction between
the Kansas-Nebraska act and all other legislation
on the subject of the Territories, to which the Sen-
ator from Missouri did not address his attention.
I acknowledge that, commencing with the ordi-
nance of 1787, down to the Kansas-Nebraska act,
Congress has always reserved, in express terms,
a right to modify the acts of the Territorial Legis-
latures. In the ordinance of 1787 it was provided
that no law of the Territorial Legislature should
be of any force until it had been approved by
Congress; and that was the provision of the ter-
ritorial acts until, I think, the case of Wisconsin.
There it was modified to say that the laws should
be valid unless disapproved by Congress, and that
provision was in the original Kansas-Nebraska
bill when the Senator from Illinois introduced it.
It was there until the entire discussion upon the
subject of the power of Congress over slavery in
the Territories had been concluded; and then, on
the motion of Colonel Weller, of California, it
was struck out as inconsistent with the whole
frame of the bill. The Senator from California
dissents.
Mr. GWIN. I will give the Senator my col-
league's reasons at the time. They are entirely
different from those which are given now.
Mr. PUGH. I have not the Globe to refer to;
but my recollection (and if I am wrong I shall be
happy to be corrected) is that Colonel Weller de-
clared he would not vote for the bill unless that
provision was struck out; that to attempt to re-
tain a power in Congress to supervise the acts of
the Legislature was wholly inconsistent with the
doctrine of non-intervention, which the bill itself
expressed in its fourteenth section; and it was
struck out. That is the difference between the
Kansas-Nebraska bill and former bills. That is
the reason why the Cincinnati platform adopted
that bill as an example, in preference to all other
bills. What does it mean, sir? Why was it struck
out? If Congress intended to retain the power
which the Senator from Missouri claims to-day,
why did tlicy strike it out of that bill? For no
purpose, as I think every candid man will admit,
except to declare that henceforth Congress would
not interfere on the subject of slavery: and there-
fore, when we come to interpret the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, when we come to interpret the Cin-
cinnati platform, this idea of recurring to the ter-
ritorial governments under the ordinance of 1787,
or under any prior act, seems to me wholly out-
side oi'tlic discussion.
There was another element in the Kansas-Ne-
braska act. Under the territorial laws, as they
existed before, no contro\ersy could bo appealed
from the supreme court of a Territory to the Su-
preme Court of the United Slates, unless the sub-
icct-matter was of the value of #2,000, exclusive
of costs; but inconsequence of the very discussion
which arose upon the fourteenth section which I
read, the Senate altered that provision so as to
give a right of appeal from the supreme court of
the Territory to the Supreme Court of the United
States in every cause involving a claim of servi-
tude or a claim of freedom, without the least
regard to the amount m controversy. What for?
To facilitate the decision of this very question
which the Senator from Missouri and I now have
up in debate, that the Supreme Court under the
Kansas-Nebraska bill upon a writ of error to the
supreme court of the Toriitory, mi^ht decide the
question, whenever it arose, whether or no the
Territorial Legislature had the power to cxclude
slavery. I say again, that when that decision is
made, whatever my individual opinion, I hold
that, until the decision is reversed, it is the duty
of Territorial Legislatures and the duty of Con-
gress to r< spect it. Has any such decision been
made' Certainly not m accordance with the
! method provided m that bill. There has been no
' writ oi error from the Supreme Court of the. United
! States to the supreme court of Nebraska, or the
supreme court of Kansas, or the supreme court
of any other Territory. Therefore, if it has been
decided at all, it has been decided m some other
| manner than the Kansas-Nebraska bill requires,
i But the Senator from Missouri says it was de-
| cided in the ease of Drcd Scott. If so, the con-
troversy is at an end; but those who claim that
the question has been thus decided ought to be
prepared with their authority to establish it, and
proof does not consist in assertion. To be sure,
the President of the United States would seem to
imagine that frequent repetition of the same asser-
tion will finally be accepted as evidence, and con-
sequently, in his present message, he says to us:
'• f cordially congratulate jounpon the final settlement
hy the Supreme (Jouriofthc United States ol the question
of sslaveiy in the Ten nones, which had presented an aspect
so truly foi tradable at the commencement of my adminis-
tration". The ri )U ha« been established of every citizen to
take hi* property of any kind, including slaves, into the
common Teiiitonca Indongmg equally to all the States, ol
the Confedeiacy, and to have it pioteeted there under the
Federal Constitution. Neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature nor any human power ha-? any authoiity to an-
nul ot impair tins vested light."1
The President must have a curious diction at
the White House, or he would never have used
the phrase " vested right" in that connection. It
may be a right, but it certainly is not a vested
right.
" The supreme judicial tribunal of the country, whicil is
a coordinate branch of the Government, has sanctioned and
affirmed these principles of constitutional law, so mani-
festly just in themselves, and so well calculated to promote
peace and harmony among the States."
That style of assertion may convince placemen,
may convince friends, may convince admirers, but
I can assure the President that it never will con-
vince the intellect of this country. In order that
we may understand decisively what was decided
by the Dred Scott case, I trust the Senate will par-
don me for giving as nearly as I can a brief abstract
of the case and the decision.
The case of Dred Scott was decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States in March, 1857,
after two elaborate arguments at the bar. It was
iipon a writ of error prosccutcd oy Dred Scott,
plaintiff below, to reverse a judgment for the de-
fendant (Sandford) in the circuit court of the
United States for the district of Missouri.
The action was in trespass for assaulting the
person of the plaintiff, Dred Scott, and the per-
sons of his wife and two minor children. The
defendant pleaded to the jurisdiction of the cir-
cuit court, that the plaintiff was not a citizen of
the State of Missouri, as alleged in the declara-
tion, but a negro of African descent, whose an-
cestors were of pure African blood and had been
brought into the United States and sold as slaves.
The plaintiff demurred to this plea (generally)
as insufficient in law; and the circuit court sus-
tained the demurrer, overruling the plea, and re-
quiring the defendant to answer to the merits of
the action.
The defendant then pleaded in bar: first, that
he was not guilty of the trespasses alleged; sec-
ond, that the plaintiff was his slave, and there-
fore lawfully subject to his restraint; third, that
the wife and children of the plaintiff wore likewise
his (the defendant's) slaves and liable to the same
restraint.
The plaintiff joined issue as to the first plea,
and replied de injuria as to the others.
The jury found all these issues for the defend-
ant, and judgment was accordingly rendered in
his favor. From the bill of exceptions, containing
all the testimony adduced upon the trial, the case
appeared to be this: Dred Scott, a negro, held to
scrviee and labor as a slave in the State of Mis-
souri, under the laws of that State, accompanied
his master, (Dr. Emerson,) who was a surgeon
in the Army of the United States, from Missouri
to the military post at Rock Island, in the State
of Illinois; and thence, after an interval of two
years, to another military post, Fort Snelling, in
the territory purchased of France by the United
States, north of 36° 30' north latitude, He was
there married to a female slave, Harriet, held m
service by an officer of the Army; but from what
State she had been taken to Fort Snelling, or in
what circumstances, did not appear. At or about
the time of this marriage, however, the master of
Dred Scott became also the master of Harriet, by
regular purchase. One of the plaintiff's children,
Eliza, was bom upon a steamboat on the Missis-
sippi river, north of 36° 30', north latitude; and
the other, Lizzie, at Jefferson Barracks, in the
State of Missouri, after Dred Scott, with his wife
and eldest child, had accompanied his master, Dr.
Emerson, to the State of Missouri, and there again
became subject to service and labor as a slave.
The first question presented to the Supreme
Court of the United States, upon this record, was
whether the plea to the jurisdiction of the circuit
court could be regarded at all. Judges McLean
and Catron were of opinion that it could not; tlu?
Chief Justice, with Judges Wayne, Daniel, and
Curtis, thought otherwise; Judges Gricr and
Campbell deemed the question an immaterial one,
inasmuch as the same judgment would be. pro-
nounced upon the whole case; and Judge Nelson
avoided the question entirely.
I ought to remark, in this connection, that the
nine judges of the Supreme Court delivered their
opinions separately m Dred Scott's case; so that,
although the opinion of the Chief Justice is called
"the opinion of the Court,'5 in Howard's Re-
ports, it is such only to the extent of its coinci-
dence with a majority of the other opinions deliv-
ered at the same time.
I have felt myself constrained, after much re-
