1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2379
certify to Haden's present disability; that he has
an ugly ulcer of long standing on the lower part
of the leg; an old wound on the same leg just be-
low the knee, evidently a gun-shot. He has lost
the sight of one eye, and is fast losing the other.
For some time the county court has supported
him.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
ADRIENE RICH.
A bill (H. R. No. 533) granting a pension to
Adriene Rich, of Habersham county, Georgia.
The bill directs the Secretary of the interior to
place the name of Adriene Rich, of Georgia, on
the invalid pension rolls of the United States, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the 13th of February, 1860, and to continue
during his natural life.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Adriene tlich was a private in Captain William
T. Wofford's company, in Colonel Calhoun's
regiment of mounted volunteers, mustered into
service August 28, 1847, and served in the Mex-
ican war, and was honorably discharged July 12,
1848. His application was made to the Pension
Office and rejected. He was at various times ill
during the period of his service, and on his re-
turn home, while at Mobile, he was seized with a
violent attack of diarrhea, which prostrated him
six months, and bccame chronic, and from the
effects of which he becamc and is incapable of
manual labor, and unable to perform military
duty. From the testimony of Doctors Joseph
and T. G. Underwood, George Phelps, and Wil-
liam J. Rush, the physicians who attended Rich
from 1848 until 1853, it appears that the disease
and disability continued, and bccame worse, re-
sulting in chronic inflammation, from which he
has given up all hope of recovery.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
JOHN P. SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 534) granting a pension to
John P. Smith, of Habersham county, Georgia.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John P. Smith on the invalid
pension rolls of the United States, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the 13th
of February, 1860, and to continue during his
natural life.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that John P. Smith served in the war of 1812, for
eighteen months, as a private in the eighteenth
regiment United States infantry, in Captain Ar-
thur Simpkms's company; that while on duty
on the South Carolina coast he was injured by
exposure, from which rheumatism resulted, and
from which he yet suffers. His services and
disability are proved by Robert Wiekham, who
served in the same regiment with petitioner. His
statement is corroborated by William Brown,
who also served in the same regiment. He was
honorably discharged at the end of his service at
Georgetown, South Carolina. Doctors Joseph and
T. G. Underwood testify to the disease under which
he suffers, to his inability to perform manual
labor, and to the opinion, from " satisfactory evi-
dence and accurate examinations," that he con-
tracted his disease from exposure while on duty.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
JOHN JACKSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 70) granting a pension to
John Jackson, an invalid soldier.*
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John Jackson, of Holmes coun-
ty, Ohio, upon the invalid pension roll, at eight
dollars per month, beginning on the 1st of Janu-
ary 1859, and to continue during his natural life.
The repoit was read. It appears therefrom
that John Jackson was drafted in the county of
Sullivan, Tennessee, in January, 1814, into the
Army of the United States, for six months; served
as n private in the company of Captain Joseph
Everett, in a regiment commanded by Colonel
Ewing Ellesen; joined General Jackson's army
at Fort Strother; was m the battle of Horse Shoe;
when th« army marched to Hickory Ground he
was sick, and left at Fort Williams. He was at-
tacked with bowel disease, and has been afflicted
with it ever since; he served out his time, and has
since resided in Sullivan county, and has led a
sober, temperate life; he is now seventy-five years
of age; he has received eighty acres of bounty land;
he applied to the Pension Office in 1852 for a pen-
sion, but has never heard from the application.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
REV. WILLIAM H. ROGERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 535) granting a pension to
Rev. William H. Rogers, chaplain in the United
States Army in the war with Mexico. [Objected
to by Mr. Kunkel.]
AARON QUIGLEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 536) for the relief of Aaron
Ciuigley, an invalid seaman.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That case ought to
be provided for in a general law. Such cases are
uniformly objected to. I object.
KATHARINE K. RUSSELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 537) for the relief of Katha-
rine K. Russell.
Mr. NOELL moved to amend by making the
pension commence from the 1st of January, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the bill.
JtfAKY F. PARKER.
A bill (H. R. No. 538) for the relief of Mary
F. Parker, widow of George Parker. [Objected
to by Mr. Crawford.]
EDWARD LEE.
A bill (H. R. No. 539) granting a pension to
Edward Lee, late of the United States Army.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that this bill be withdrawn
from the Calendar, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. When the bill was
reported the committee was not aware that this
man had a pension already.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests that
the better way would bo to let the bill be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it be
laid on the table.
Mr. FOSTER. Very well.
The bill was accordingly laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it be laid on the table.
JONATHAN W. SWIFT.
A bill (H.R. No. 540) granting a pension to
Jonathan W. Swift, of the United States Navy.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the pioposition in that case is to grant a pension
to a man who is now in the Navy of the United
States.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the bill ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. He is getting his
pay now. I object to it.
CHARLES GOODSPEED.
A bill (H. R. No. 541) granting a pension to
Charles Goodspeed, a soldier of the war of 1812.
[Objected to by Mr. Hoard.]
EFFISIA C. DK MAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 542) for the relief of Effisia
C. De May, widow of Charles F. V. De May,
late a dragoon in the Army of the United States.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
inscribe the name of Effisia C. De May, widow of
Charles F. V. De May, late a dragoon in company
C of the first regiment, on the rolls of invalid pen-
sioners of the United States, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to be allowed and computed
from the 17th of May, 1858.
Mr. GARTRELL moved to amend the bill so
as to make the pension commence on the 1st of
January, i860.
The amendment was agreed to.
It appears, from the report and the evidence in
this case, that the husband of the petitioner en-
listed as a private in company C, first regiment of
dragoons, United States Army. He was, with
his company, sent into Washington Territory at
a time when the Indians were in a state of quasi
warfare; and in a battle with the Spokane Indians
on the 17th of May, 1858, he was killed. He left
a widow and two young children, the latter of
whom were accidentally killed soon after, and the
petitioner was not only left a widow, but child-
less also. The commanding officer speaks in high
terms of the bravery and fidelity of the soldier, in
a letter announcing the death of De May to his
mother. An application to the Penson Office for
a pension by the widow was refused, solely on
the ground that, there being no recognized war
with the Spokane Indians at the time, and there
being no law authorizing him to grant pensions
without a recognition of an actual warj he was
precluded from granting a pension.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
RUFUS CALL, JR.
A bill (H. R. No. 544) granting a pension to
Rufus Call, jr., a soldier in the late war with Great
Britain.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
inscribe on the rolls of invalid pensioners of the
United States the name of Rufus Call, jr., of Ohio;
and that he be paid a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence from the 4th of
March, 1858.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to amend the bill, so
as to make the pension commence on the 1st of
January, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The report was then read. It appears from the
evidence that Rufus Call was a private in the first
regiment of mounted infantry of the United States
Army during the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
The evidence shows that he was detached, with
others, to protect a party of troops engaged in
destroying a bridge across the river below Jrlatts-
burg, by order of the American commander; and
while thusengaged they were fired upon by a party
of the British fiom the opposite side of the river,
and a ball struck him in the forehead, and, glanc-
ing from thence, struck and lodged in his wrist
while ramming home a load in his musket. The
certificate of the surgeon shows that he lost the
use of his right arm in consequence. He applied
tb the Pension Office for a pension, but it was re-
fused for the reason that the company rolls only
speak of his enlistment and discharge, without
noting his wound. This omission of the office is
fully remedied by the evidence before the com-
mittee.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
GREGORY PATTI.
A bill (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to
Gregory Patti.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by this
bill to place the name of Gregory Patti on the
list of invalid pensioners, and pay him a pension
at the rate of eight dollars a month, from the 13th
December, 1858, and continue during his natural
life.
Mr. GARTRELL. I offer the same amend-
ment to that bill that has been made in the others,
so as to make the pension commence January 1,
1860.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to that,
since the rule has been adopted by the House.
The case was before the last Congress, and we
made the pension commence at the time of the
application, as has been the practice of the com-
mittee heretofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The report was read. It sots forth that Greg-
ory Patti served continuously in the United States
Navy from May 13, 1825, to April 19, 1842, and
occasionally thereafter until the year 1845, nulling
an aggregate of over twenty years. Thathe served
as cook on the ships Warren, Java, Brandywine,
Concord, Constellation, Delaware, John Adams,
Constitution, Ohio, and Cumberland. That his
position was one of great exposure and confine-
ment, under deck, to the heat of the galley fire and
sudden changes by currents of air. He served
faithfully, as appears by the original certificates
of the commanders of the above named vessels.
Ry reason of exposure, he was seized with a
lameness, which terminated in paralysis, which
rendered him incapable of further service, and not
recovering, he was discharged. The health of
the applicant continued to decline until he has be-
come entirely helpless and blind.
Mr. SMrtH, of Virginia. There is a lawpro-
