416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
flection, to agree with Judges McLean and Ca-
tron, that the plea to the jurisdiction of the circuit
court was not properly before the Supreme Court
for consideration—-judgment having been given in
favor of the plaintiff in error, as to that plea, in
the court below, but final judgment in favor of the
defendant. The error of the circuit court in that
regard was favorable to Dred Scott; and yet, as
the result proves, it was an error from which Sand-
ford suffered no injury. But I agree with Judges
Orier and Campbeil that, upon the whole case,
including the pleas in law, the testimony, and the
verdict, the final order of the Supreme Court was
eorrect. Because, if Dred Scott, his wife, and his
children were slaves, and not free persons, the
circuit court of the United States had no jurisdic-
tion of their controversy with Sandford, and could
not, under the Constitution of the United States,
pronounce any conclusive judgment.
The explanation of this lies in the fact that the
courts of the United States are courts of limited
jurisdiction; limited by the Federal Constitution
to controversies of a particular kind or contro-
versies between particular persons. The action
brought by Dred Scott against Sandford was not
a controversy over which, independently of the par-
ties, the courts of the United States had any juris-
diction; but the jurisdiction of those courts, if
any, depended on the citizenship of the two par-
ties—upon the fact (alleged in the declaration) that
the plaintiff was a citizen of the State of Missouri,
and the defendant a citizen of the State of New
York.
Now, if Dred Scott was a slave, (as the jury
found by their verdict,) he was not and could not
be a citizen of the State of Missouri; and it was
the duty of the circuit court at once, upon ascer-
taining that fact, to dimiss the whole case for want
of jurisdiction. The rule is universal in judicial
proceedings that whenever, at a?iy stage, the court
discovers its own wont of jurisdiction, the cause
or matter or controversy must be dismissed; and
as to the courts of the UnitedStates—the authority
of which is limited by the Constitution in express
terma—no consent of the parties, plaintiff and
defendants can give jurisdiction.
If an actual majority of the judges had decided,
in Dred Scott's case, that the plea to the jurisdic-
tion of the circuit court was before the Supreme
Court of the United States for consideration, 1
should have regretted any expression of opinion,
by any one of the judges, with respect to the
other questions involved. That would have term-
mated the case; and, notwithstanding many
examples to the contrary in tlv courts of the
States, and especially of late years, the Supreme
Court of the United States would have consulted
its own dignit y and lame by deciding only what
was requisite to be decided. But the tiuth is—
us I have shown—there was no such majority;
and the opinions expressed by Judges McLean,
Catron, Grier, and Campbell, together with the
neutrality of Judge JNeison, compelled the Chief
Justice, as well as Judges Wayne, Daniel, and
Curtis, to examine the case upon us merits.
There teas no majority for any other course.
To be sure, throughout the northern and north-
western States the leaders of a political party have
seen fit to declare that the Supreme Court first de-
cided against its own jurisdiction, and then pro-
ceeded to examine and decide upon the merits of
the case; but this is a mere misrepresentation, and
one which reflects little credit upon the legal abil-
ities of its inventors. The court was compelled to
examine the whole case, vpon the merits, before a ma-
jority of the judges could arrive at the conclusion that
they had no jurisdiction to decide as between the par- !
ties. |
I acknowledge that, m arriving at this conclu- I
sion, the judges examined and decided several j
very intricate questions; but the decision of the |
court as to all those questions was not only ap- '
propriate and orderly, but indispensable. j
The questions were two in number: j
First, (as to Dred Scott himself,) whether his !
sojourn at Rock Island, m Illinois, coupled with :
his subsequent return to Missouri, in company :
with his master, as the slave of his master, oper-
ated as an act of emancipation ? That was not
a new nor even a doubtful question. It had been
decided by the court of admiralty in Great Britain
almost half a century before, by the highest tri-
bunals in the kingdom of Prussia, and other
continental sovereignties; by the courts of many
of the States; by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States itself, in December, 1850. Dred Scott
could not, by reason of such sojourn, become a
citizen of Illinois: nor even after his return to
Missouri, a free man.
The second question, so far as it related to the
sojourn of Dred Scott himself, at Fort Snelling,
could have been, and was, decided upon the same
considerations. But it did not appear in evidence
from what State, or whether from any State, his
wife (Harriet) had been taken to Fort Snelling;
and it did appear that one of his children (Eliza)
was bom upon a steamboat in the Mississippi
river, north of 360 30' north latitude, where sla-
very could not exist if the act of Congress ap-
proved March 6,1820, had any force or effect.
Clearly, therefore, the Supreme Court of the
UnitedStates could not avoid considering whether
Congress had or had not authority, under the
Constitution of the United States, tG'pass such an
enactment.
And now, having shown what questions the
Supreme Court of the United States was com-
pelled to decide, m order to arrive at a judgment
between the parties, I will specify two facts which
limited—and must necessarily have limited—every-
thing that was decided or even said:
1. The plaintiff did not claim that his wife had
been emancipated, or his daughter born free, in
consequence of any enactment of a Territorial
Legislature.
2. By the case stated in the bill of exceptions,
Fort Snelling was, at that time, m an unorgan-
ized territory or domain of the United States, over
which no territorial or other local or municipal
authority prevailed. I am not advised whether
the fact was so or not; but if was so stated in the
bill of exceptions, and that is sufficient.
The Supreme Court decided, and properly, that
the Congress of t'iie United States had no
power, under the Constitution of theUmted States,
to prevent emigration from any State to the com-
mon unoccupied domain, or territory belonging
to the people of all the States; and no power to
discriminate between rights of property, whether
in slaves or in any other form, as defined and ac-
knowledged by the laws of the several States.
In answer to the argument of the plaintiff's
counsel, that Congress had power to enact the
statute of March 6,1820, excluding slavery from
all the public domain north of 36° 30' north lati-
tude, because it had power to authorize the organ-
ization of territorial governments throughout the
public domain, the court was compelled to inquire
by what clause of the Federal Constitution, if any,
such governments could be authorized, and how
far the right tn authorize them conferred upon
Congress a power of municipal legislation.
The court derided, therefore, that the second
clause of section third, article fourth, in the Con-
stitution of the United States, authoriz/ng Con-
gress " to dispose of and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States," did not
confer any power of legislation over persons and
rights of property within the " territory," so held
as property, subject to disposal and regulation.
The Chief Justice (Taney) gave it as his opinion
that the clause in question had no prospective oper-
ation, but referred only to the public domain ceded
before the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
and therefore embraced by the ordinance of the
Continental Congress, July 13, 1787.
The court decided, also, that the authority of
Congress to provide for the organization of terri-
torial government was derived from the power to
admit new States into the Union, and only as
incidental thereto. Judges McLean, Curtis, and
Catron dissented from it; Judge Nelson did not
speak upon it.
I have sufficiently argued, in my speech of De-
cember 19, whether the authority to admit new
States into the Union (as conferred by the Consti-
tution of the United States) includes, as an inci-
dental power, the right to exclude or abolish, tol-
erate or maintain, the relation of master and slave.
I would only inquire, therefore, whether the Su-
preme Court (in Dred Scott's case) undertook to
decide either one of the following propositions:
First, That the Constitution of the United States
has actually established the relation of master and
slave as a form of property created by its own
force and authority, and therefore existing where
ever (in Territory or in State) the Constitution of
the United States prevails. I discussed this fully
in my speech of February 23, 1859, and need not
repeat what 1 then said. Suffice it, notwithstand-
ing the assertion of Mr. Buchanan, in his late
message, that the Attorney General has openly,
totally, and unequivocally abandoned the doctrine.
" The Constitution certainly does not establish slavery in
the Territories, nor anywhere else. Nobody in this coun-
try ever thought or said so, but the Constitution regards as
sacred and inviolable all the rights which a citizen may
legally acquire in a State."
I do nofknow whether Judge Black calls the
President " Nobody," exactly, but it is very cer-
tain that in his pamphlet he has fixed the estab-
lishment of slavery as a form of property arising
under the laws of the States, and not under the
Constitution of the United States.
Second, That a Territorial Legislature is the
mere agent of Congress, and therefore limited, in
the exercise of its authority, to the powers con-
ferred by Congress in the act of organization.
I understand the Attorney General to maintain
this proposition, and to rest his whole argument
with the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
upon it. But I do not understand the Attorney
General to allege that it was so decided in Dred
Scott's case, and, in fact, no man of ordinary in-
telligence who has read the case will so pretend.
On the other hand, so far as the opinion of the
Supreme Court can be ascertained from the case
of Dred Scott, those judges who believe that a
Territorial Legislature is the agent, of Congress
(with one exception) believe, also, that Congress
may abolish or prohibit slavery in the Territories.
The exception is Judge Catron; he agreed with
Judges McLean and Curtis as to the source of
congressional power in the Territories, although
not as to its extent. Yet the Senator from Mis-
souri quotes the dissenting opinion of Judge
Catron,-as to that proposition, together with the
dissenting opinions of Judges McLcan and Curtis,
to prove what the majority of the court decided
or intended. It is of a piece with the rest of his
argument.
I will read to the Senate what was said by two
of the judges who concurred in pronouncing the
act of March 6, 1820, to be unconstitutional; and
if these citations do not, in effect, deny the doc-
trine that Congress can exercise municipal author-
ity m the Territories, directly or through any
agent, I am at a loss to comprehend the force of
words. I will read first from the opinion of the
Chief Justice:
" The power to expand the territory of the United States
by the admission of new States, is plainly given; and m
the construction of this power by all the departments of the
Government, it has been held to authon/.e the acquisition
of femrory, nor fit lor admission at the time, but to bo ad-
mitted as toon as its population aud situation would entitle
it to admission ft is acquired to become a State, and not
to be held an a colony and governed by Congiec i with ab-
solute authonty; and as the propriety of admitting a new
State is commuted to the sound discretion of Conaiess, the
power to acquire terntoiy for that purpose, to beheld b\ the
United States until it is in a suitable condition to become
j a State upon an equal footing with the other States, must
! rest upon the same discretion. It is a question ior the po-
I litical department of the Government, and not the judicial;
and whatever the political department ol the Government
shall recognize as within the limits of the United States,
the judicial department is also bound to recognize, and to
administer in it the laws of the United States, so far as they
apply, and to maintain in the Territory the authority and
rights of the Government, and also the personal rights and
rights of property of individual citizens, as sccuied by the
Constitution. All we mean to say on this point is, that, a5?
there is no express legulation in the Constitution defining
the powei which the General Government may exeieise
over the person or property of a citizen in a Tenitory thU3
acquired, the court must neees^anly look to the provisions
and principles of the Constitution, and its distribution of
puvveis-, for the rules and pimciples by which its decision
must be governed
" Taking this Mile to guide us, it may be safely assumed
that citizens of the United States who migrate to a Terri-
tory belonging to the people ot the United States, cannot
i be ruled as mere colonists, dependent upon the will of the
j General Government, and to be governed by any laws it
may think proper to impose. The principle upon which
our governments rest, and upon which alone they continue
to exist, is the union of States, soveieign and independent
within their own limits in their internal and dome^ic con-
cerns, and bound together as one people by a Geneial Gov-
ernment, possessing certain enumerated and restricted
powers, delegated to it by the people of the several States,
and exercising supreme authority within the scope of the
powers granted to it, throughout the dominion of the Uni-
ted States. A power, therefore, in the General Government,
to obtain and hold colonies and dependent Territones, over
which they might legislate without restriction, would be
inconsistent with its own existence m its present form "
I now read from Judge Campbell:
<c But the recognition of a plenary power in Congress to
! dispose of the public domain, or to organize a Government
