1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U$T
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman referred to
the practice of grand juries in Pennsylvania. I
wanted to set him right.
Mr. BOCOCK. The sum and substance of the
gentleman's explanation is, that in Pennsylvania
a grand juror can act as a witness. If he knows
positively of any express criminal act on the part
of any man, he can, on his oath already taken,
depose to it before the grand jnry; and on his thus
deposing, specific accusations may be found
against the offender.
But what I have said is, that you cannot, be-
fore a grand jury in Pennsylvania, or in any other
civilized land, call up a witness and require him
to testify whether he knotos of any wrong done
by a particular individual. You must direct his
attention to some particular wrong—well defined
and specific—before you can force a witness to
testify in regard to it.
Why, sir, what would be the condition of
things, if this were not so ? Tf you were to al-
low a grand jury to spread its drag-net to catch
any man in the community and inquire of every
witness brought up, whether he knew of anything
wrong being done by such man, who would be
safe? By what title would we hold our reputation',
our safety, and our honor—ay, and our lives?
"Well, will you not extend to the President of the
United States the same measure of justice that
Fou extend to the humblest citizen of the land?
say to gentlemen who are opposed to him
politically, that he is yet the President of these
United States; that he has been endowed by a le-
eal majority of the people with the dignity of the
first Omcc, not only in this land, but in the world.
In many respects, he represents the nation before
the world. Gentlemen ought, if not for his sake,
at least for the sake of his position, for the sake
of the dignity and honor of the country, to ex-
tend to him the same measure of ftxir dealing
which they would extend to the humblest citizen
in the land. What the President objects to is,
not that an accusation has been made. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] docs him an
injustice in imputing to .him such a motive. He
objects to the indefinite and sweeping character of
the accusation. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia has asked for a committee to inquire whether
the President, or any other officer, has used cor-
rupt means to have any bill passed through this
House, &c.; and he did not even say that he'had
good reason to believe that there was any ground
for instituting this inquiry. He did not commit
himself on oath,©r even on honor, that there was
probable ground for his charge.
Now, sir, the President of the United States,
as a coordinate branch of the Government, has
rights, given to him under our system, as dear to
him as our rights ore to us. Ought he not to stand
up to defend them, in the "name of th<* people who
elccted him?
Now, it was my intention. Mr. Speaker, if I
had gotten the floor originally, to move, without
debate, that this message be laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed; leaving gentlemen to insti-
tute any other action that they might think proper
to institute hereafter in regard to it. I make these
remarks m reply to those made by the gentleman
from Ohio 
Mr. POTTLE. I desire to say that I am ex-
ceedingly xtnxious to hear the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia, and I am unable to do j
so by reason of the confusion in this part of the
House. 1 ask that order may be maintained.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible to hear the
discussion, unless the House of itself aid the Chair
in keeping order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen-
tleman from Virginia move to lay the message on
the tabic?
Mr. BOCOCK. J have not concluded yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard any
motion made by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BOCOCK. I was indicating what 1 would
have done if I had got the floor originally.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 hope the gen-
tleman from Virginia will not make that mo-
tion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have made no motion yet.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BOCOCK. Yes.
Mr. COVODE. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is going to submit a motion to lay the mes-
sage on the table, I want, before he does so,to have
an opportunity of explaining this matter, because
I think it is not fully understood. In the resolu-
tion which I offered, I do not make the charge
against the President. The President himself
made the charge. He charges in his Centenary
letter to the people of Pittsburg, that money has
been used in carrying elections; and I stepped
forward to investigate the'matter, and to see who
used that money.
Mr„ WINSLOW. The protest of the Presi-
dent expressly excludes that par t of the resolution.
Mr. COVODE. I will explain to the gentleman
after he gets through.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, with the consent
of the House, to make any explanation which he
may choose to make, if I can retain the floorand
be entitled to reply.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman may yield
the floor for that purpose. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania wishes to make an explanation, he
may do so.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I would ask, be-
fore this discussion proceeds further, that the res-
olutions of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
CovodrJ to which the message refers, be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, they
will be read.
Mr. GROW. Will thegentletnan fT&m Virginia
allow me a moment while my colleague is away ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly.
Mr. GROW. I agree with the gentleman from
Virginia that this is a question of some conse-
quence,* for it pertains to the rights and duties of
coordinate departments of the Government, and
all such questions are important questions, and
should bo settled calmly and with deliberation, in
view of the constitutional rights of each of the
coordinate departments of the Government. If
this House proposed an impeachment of the Pres-
ident by one of its committees, the President's
view would be correct. They have no power to
do such a thing as that. They must present their
impeachment, and the Senate must try it, if they
propose to impcach the President. But the ques-
tion whether or not improper influences have been
used by anybody to affect the legislation of the
country is a proper subject for inquiry and in-
vestigation by the Representatives of the people.
It carries with it no penalty or the infliction of
punishment.
I go on the supposition, in this case, that if our
committee should ascertain that the President of
the United States has been guilty of practices in
violation of the faithful discharge of his duty—
suppose that is the case, (I make no assertion
about it)—our committee would ascertain the fact
and report it to the House; and unless the House
proposed, under the Constitution, to impeach the
President, it would end there, and would carry
no penalty with it and inflict no punishment.
That is the distinction between an effort to im-
peach an executive officer of the Government and
an inquiry by the House into influences oper-
ating upon the legislation of the country that
are improper to be exercised by any one. This
House, during the last Congress, raised a com-
mittee to inquire into the conduct of members of
the preceding Congress. Suppose we had ascer-.
tained that members of the preceding Congress
had been guilty of practices which, if they were
then members, would subject them to expulsion:
we could have done nothing. The fact would
have been reported to the House, and there the
matter would have ended, the offenders being
beyond our reach.
So with executive officers. You investigate the
facts, and make a report to the House and the
country, and there you must stop, unless you
proceed, as the Constitution provides, to impeach
them; and then the Constitution provides what
penalty shall follow the judgment. In this case,
the House exercises the same right in reference
to an executive officer of the Government that you
exercise in reference to members of Congress, or
any other citizens. When you make an inquny
of this kind into alleged practices calculated to
corrupt the fountain of political action, the Presi-
dent stands no higher than any other freeman in
the Republic, and his conduct is liable to the same
investigation, and to investigation in the same
way as the conduct of any other citizen, unless
you propose to attach penalties to it, and then you
must follow the course prescribed in the Ctffisti-
tution for impeachments, . < , , .;"
Mr. WH1TELEY. -Will the gentleman aliow
me to ask him a question.? .
Mr. GROW. I hold the.floor only by th&cour*
tesy of the gentleman from Virginia-
Mr. WHITELEY. I only •'Wish to astk the
gentleman whether he is willing to-vote to inves-
tigate the conduct of the President without spe-
cific charges being made by some member of the
House-, upon his responsibility ? . , j
Mr. FLORENCE. That is what the Presi-
dent objects to. [Laughter from the Republican
benches.] He objects that an opportunity was
not even given to make an inquiry of my colleague,
[Mr. Oovode,] who offered these resolutions, as
to what they meant. He complains that the
courtesy was not extended to him that would or-
dinarily be extended to a common pickpocket, as
he observes. That is the objection which the
President makes^and gentlemen who are discuss-
ing this subject seem to lose sight of that objec-
tion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I yielded the floor just now to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Coyode.]
Mr. COVODE. Before I proceed, I will have
the resolutions read, for the purpose of correcting
the gentleman from Virginia; and then I will ex-
plain my position. -• -
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five members be appointed
by the-SpeaUer, for the purpose of investigating whetherthe
Piesidcnt of the United States, or any other officer of the
Government, has, by money, patronage, or other improper
means, sought to influence the action of Congress, or any
committee thereof, for or against the passage of any law
appertaining to the rights oT any State or Territory; also, to
inquire into, and investigate whether any officer or officers
of the Government have, by combination or otherwise, pre-
vented or defeated, or attempted to prevent or defeat, the
execution of any law or laws now upon the statute-hook,
and whether the President has failed or refused to compel
the cxccution of any law thereof; and that said committee
shall investigate and inquire into the abuses at the Chicago
or other post offices; and at the Philadelphia* and other
navy-yard"*; find into any abuses In connection with the
public buildings and other public work? of the United States-
J3nd resolved further, That, as the President, in his'Ietter
to the Pittsburg centenarycelebration'of the 25th of Novem-
ber, 1858, s-peaks of the employment of money to cocrce
elections, said committee shall inquire into, and ascertain
the amount so used in Pennsylvania and any other State or
States; in what districts it was. expended, and by whom,
and by whose authority it was done, and from what source
the money> was deuved, and to report the names of the par-
tics implicated ; and that, for the purpose aforesaid, said
committee shall have power to send for persons and papers,
and to report at any time.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, you will per-
ceive that there is no definite and distinct charge
made against the President,but the President him-
self, as I stated, made a charge, and it was my
wish to investigate the matter, and ascertain who
had been guilty of this offense. Now, in regard
to this matter, we had testimony on a previous
occasion which induced us to believe that the Pres-
ident himself was privy to the use of money in
Pennsylvania. "We had testimony, and I can
bring it forward on this floor, that the President
handed over a letter for such a purpose.
Now, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, have I not
grounds to investigate and sec what districts this
money was used in ? The President having made
the charge, I am to investigate it, and see who is
guilty. I am engaged in that business, and to
show that no advantage is intended to be taken of
the President, I will state that the committee have
agreed to send him the testimony. His very able
friend, who is a member of that committee, has
agreed that we shall send a printed copy of the
testimony to him, to see what reply he has to
make to it, and to afford him an opportunity of
bringing forward rebutting evidence, if he has any.
We "have it already in evidence, Mr. Speaker—I
do not know whether it is proper to bring it out
here 
Several Members. Out with it.
Mr. BRABSON. Allow me one moment. The
issue raised between the President of the United
States and the House of Representatives is a very
grave one. We cannot understand that issue
unless the message is printed, and wc can have
an opportunity to examine it. I will, therefore,
move, if it be m order, that the whole subject be
postponed to this day week, and that the message
be printed. I cannot vote on the subject to-day.
Mr. COX. I object, to this interruption. Let
the gentleman from Pennsylvania go on with his
remarks.
