THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
: Mr.' COVODE. Weil, without saying that we
have it in evidence 
• Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I make the point of order that the chairman of the
seleeLeommittee has not a right to divulge upon
this floor any ex parte statementof the testimony
that has been taken before the committee.
Mr. COVODE. I have waived that. I will
say, inasmuch as a specific charge is asked for,
that I have the best reason in the world to believe
that the President himself was consulted with re-
gard to the use of money in Pennsylvania; and
that, aftera consultation with him that very even-
ing", one of his friends went forth to Pennsylva-
nia, and took money with him to use against us
in the election.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know ifthe gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia is stating now testimony that has been taken
before the committee ? If he is, I object to it.
• Mr. COVODE.- "Well, then, if the gentleman
objects to my stating anything that I'know, post-
pone this matter until we can have an opportu-
nity-of reporting the testimony. The President
will,have an opportunity of reading it, and of pro-
ducing rebutting testimony.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that I think he mistakes the character
of the message of the President entirely? The
President makes no objection to the latter branch
■of the inquiry at all. He objects to the first
branch of the first resolution, in which the gen-
.tleittan did not bring against him any distinct or
specific charge whatever; but constituting a com-
mittee to go abroad in the country, and inquire of
anybody whether he knows aught against the
conduct of the President in any respect whatever.
To the latter clause of the resolution, in refer-
ence to which the gentleman is speaking, the Pres-
ident makes no objection whatever.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will now go on and finish his ex-
planation, without further interruption.
Mr. COVODE. I will state that two members
of this House were expelled in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, upon charges more vague and indefi-
nite than any of the charges in this resolution.
Here is the preamble and resolution to which I
refer:
"Whereas certain statements have been published,
charging that members of thin House have entered into cor-
rupt combinations, for the purpose of passing and of pre-
venting the passage of certain measures now pending be-
fore Congress: Therefore,
uResolved, That a committed, consisting of five mem-
bers, be appointed by the Speaker, With power to send lor
persons and papers, to investigate said chafes,; and that
said committee repou the evidence taken, and what action,
in their judgment, is necessary on the part of the House,
without any unnecessary delay."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have felt an interest, as
well as the President, in investigating this matter,
in respect to the use of money in carrying the
Pennsylvania elections. 1 (eel that Pennsylvania
is the battle-ground, and that the morals of our
people are being corrupted by the use that is and
lias been made of money in carrying our elec-
tions. I want to sec an end put to it. I want to
ferret out the guilty parties. If it fall upon my
party, let it fall upon them. The President, in
his charge, of course intended to intimate that it
was the Republican party who wore guilty. If
so, let it be known. If, in the investigation of
this matter, the President can make it appear that
lie is clear, then lie will stand better before the
country than he does now, and he will be in-
debted to me for placing him in a position where
he could set himself right.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to allow me to say one word. I wish merely
to present my protest against this document of
the President of the United States. I contend that
it is not a communication which is contemplated
by the Constitution of the United States, which
authorizes the President to give us " information
of the state of the Union," and should not have
been received. If I had been present when it was
received, and had known its character, I should
have respectfully declined its reception. Is it a
communication in regard to "the state of the
UnionIf it be, it is competent for the Presi-
dent of the United States to appear in this Hall
and make known his views. Such, we know, is
his privilege; but if it be, as it seems to be, an
argument against a matter pending in this House,
it is an interference in the duties of the legislative
branch of the Government of the United States;
an interference in the prerogatives of this House
of Representatives; and I enter my protest against
any such exercise of executive influence in this
branch of the Federal Congress. If he can speak
in writing, he can orally; and upon this hypoth-
esis he could cqme in and debate every question
that seemed to relate to his duties.
Mr. LAMAR. I call the gentleman from Iowa
to order.
Mr. CURTIS. I say it is without precedent,
without constitutional authority, and a violation
of the constitutional rights and prerogatives of
this body, for the President to thus attempt to in-
terfere with the legislative powers of this inde-
pendent branch of the Government.
Mr. LAMAR. I insist upon my point of order,
and call the gentleman from Iowa to order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I think the gentleman from
Iowa has rather abused the courtesy I extended
to him, in making a speech within mine-
Mr. CURTIS. If I have abused the gentle-
man's courtesy, I am sorry. It was not my in-
tention to intrude further than it seemed necessary
for me to define my position. I do not call it a
speech, it is only a protest which I may hereafter
elaborate, against executive interference with the
legislative department of Government.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Brabson] who,
a few minutes ago, moved to postpone the whole
subject, that the reason why he did not put the
motion to the House was, that the gentleman had
not the floor to make the motion. The gentleman
from Virginia was entitled to the floor,-and the
gentleman could not, therefore, move to postpone
or make any motion without his consent. The
Chair thinks it is but respectful to the gentleman
from Tennessee to make this explanation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Ifthe gen-
tleman from Virginia proposes to move to lay this
message on the table before he takes his seat, I
ask that he allow me three or four minutes.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will try; but I am afraid I
shall not have time to answer the gentlemen who
have alreadv interrupted me.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Ionlywant
three or four minutes for the purpose of defend-
ing my constituent. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope this matter
will not be postponed. I think we are as well
prepared now to go 011 with the discussion as we
shall be at any future time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I object to the gentleman from
Virginia farming out the floor. I ask that he
shall go on and make his speech, and then yield
the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from Maryland for assisting me in the
enforcement of my rights. I have been desirous
of extending all possible courtesy to gentlemen
on all sides; but 1 hope 1 shall now be permitted
to go on and finish what I have to say, without
further interruption.
In relation to the remarks of the gentleman
from Iowa, who, a few minutes ago, addressed
the House upon this subject, (I mean Mr. Cur-
tis,) I have to say that he is mistaken in suppos-
ing that this message of the President is without
precedent. If I remember correctly, President
Jackson, the hero of the Hermitage, once sent a
message to the Senate protesting against the action
of that body 111 relation to himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to say 
Mr. BOCOCK. Gentlemen object to my yield-
ing further, and I must decline. Why, sir, the
gentleman from Iowa himself enters his protest
here against the President's protest; and I will
leave it with his constituents to decide whether he
has violated his constitutional duty. "Protest
vs. protest" is the issue made for their decision.
In reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Covode,] who was last up, I do not see that
he has, in the least degree, improved his position
by his explanation. The President objects that
the gentleman's resolution proposes vague and
indefinite inquiries. Has the gentleman shown
that the resolution is not vague and indefinite?
Has he shown that the resolution does make spe-
cific charges, which will direct the committee in
their inquiries, or enable the'President to defend
himself?
Mr. COVODE. I can make the charges definite
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman can mpke the
charges definite! We have nothing to do with
what the gentleman can do. The President is not
protesting against what the gentleman can do.
The President of the United States is protesting
against what the gentleman has done; and I am
now speaking about what the gentleman has done.
I am speaking of the resolution which was offered
by the gentleman and passed by this House.
The gentleman says, by way of apology, that
the President has complained that moneys had
been used to carry the elections in Pennsylvania;
and that he had only made the charge or complaint
of the President the basis of the inquiry which he
has instituted. Why* sir, does the gentleman
undertake to say that his resolution was in re-
sponse simply to the statement of the President
of the United States ? If I remember rightly, the
President speaks of the use'of money in the Penn-
sylvania elections. This resolution talks about
corrupt means being used to influence commit-
tees, and procure the passage of laws through
Congress; it talks about malfeasance in the Chi-
cago postoflicc; in regard to the public buildings;
in the Pennsylvania and other navy-yards; about
failure to execute laws. Does the gentleman un-
dertake to say that all this is in response to the
statement of the President that money was used
to carry the Pennsylvania elections? I do not see
that the gentleman has mended his case at all by
his explanation. Take him upon the ground upon
which he has ohosen to place himself for his jus-
tification—that money has been used to control the
elections in Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I should
be the last man to justify the use of money cor-
ruptly to carry or control any election; but the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, in the wide lati-
tude he has used in reporting what has come to
his ears, has not even indicated that the President
of the United States ever advised or aided in the
coirupt use of money. He merely says that the
President was privy to and proposed to aid in the
use of money. Well, then, does the gentleman
mean to say that all use of money in elections is
prima, facie a corrupt use of it ? If he does, then
he stands before this House as his own accuser,
and the accuser of his party; because, singular as
it may appear, it is not a very long time since a
circular appeared, with the signature of the gen-
tleman amongst others, in behalf of the Republi-
can general committee, inviting Republicans all
over the North country to contribute money to
aid his party in the next presidential election.
Mr. COVODE. Money only for the circula-
tion of documents.
Mr. KILGORE. I will send for the circular.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have seen such a circular
published in the newspapers. I will give way to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,]
or the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kilgore,]'
or any other gentleman upon the other side, who
will rise and say that the circular published in the
newspapers of the country is a forgery, and that
they have-not called upon their Republican friends
in the country to come forward and contribute
money to aid in carrying the elections.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will answer
the gentleman's question.
Mr. KILGORE. I have the floor. I will say
to the gentleman from Virginia that the circular
to which he refers contains a recommendation to
the Republican party to furnish meansforthe pur-
pose of aiding m the dissemination of useful in-
formation to enlighten the benighted regions of
Democracy. [Derisive laughter from the Demo-
cratic benches.] That circular proposes the same
contribution of money that is proposed by mis-
sionary societies of Christian churches to send
the Bible to the heathen. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman wishes to
send information to his Republican friends, he is
doing a good work, for they want it. I object to
the political Bible which they send out among
the people. It is a perverted Bible, a false Bible.
It contains false doctrines; the teachings of false
prophets is death to the political souls of those
whom it reaches.
Mr. KILGORE. Thatisnotthe Bible we send
—ours is the true Bible.
Mr. BOCOCK. No; you do not send out the
Bible of the Lord, for that is true. Yours is a
Bible made by men. The documents you send
among your people are anything else than a po-
litical Bible, according to my conception.
