2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Iowa whether the joint resolution, which he has
introduced, contemplates taking any lands within
the limits of the State of Minnesota?
Mr. GRIMES. It does not. The joint resolu-
tion which I have introduced contemplates taking
no land at all, except that which has already been
certified to the State of Iowa by this Government.
Mr. RICE. And within the State of Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICE. That is right.
Mr.HARLAN. I move that the remonstrance,
which I presented some days since from the Du-
buque and Pacific Railroad Company on this sub-
ject, and which was ordered to be printed, be
taken from the table and referred to the same com-
mittee, with this joint resolution now introduced
by my colleague.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made, if there be no objection.
FARM LOIS AT PRAIRIE DU CIIIEN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Lands, to whom
were referred the petition of H. L. Dousman, in
behalf of himself and other owners of land at
Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, praying that the
surveys affecting farm lots Nos. I to 23, inclusive,
made by L. Lyon, United States surveyor in
1828 or 1829, may be corrected; and also, a com-
munication from Samuel Clark and others, pro-
testing against the granting of certain lands lying
west of farm lots Nos. 1 to 23, inclusive, and be-
tween tiiose lots and the Mississippi river, to H.
L. Dousman and others, to report a bill (S. No.
472) for the relief of certain claimants to farm lots
at Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wisconsin;
and as it is a matter that will produce no debate
whatever, I will ask that the bill may be passed.
I am so instructed by the committee.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 472)
for the relief of certain claimants to farm lots at
Prairie du Chien, was read twice by its title, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs, in all cases of the claims to lands included
in the farm lots at Prairie du Chien, as surveyed
by Lucius Lyons, in 1828, in accoidancc with the
provisions of " An act to revive and continue in
iorcc certain acts for the adjustmentof lantlclaims
in the Territory of Michigan," approved Febru-
ary 21, 1823, and for which patents have been is-
sued, the owners of such claims shall have the
right to have their respective western boundaries,
limited by the water-course named "Marais,"as
it existed' at the time of the survey m 1828, ex-
tended to tiie "Marais," as now represented by
the survey of Ira B. Bronson, in 1857, and con-
firms the title to the same in the bonaJidc owners
of the several claims. The provisions of the bill
are restricted to a relinquislnnentor quit-claim of
any interest or title that the United States may
now have in the lands lying between the " Ma-
rais," as at present existing, and the lines of the
surveys made in the year 1828.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Arkansas to let that bill lie over
until to-morrow morning. My colleague is out
Of the Senate, and it is a matter which we have
not looked into.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman
had better take it when he can get it. It is nil
right. The committee considered it very fully
this mormng.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin object to the consideration
of the bill'
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer that it should be
recommitted to the committee,and let them report
to-morrow morning.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Youcanrecon- !
sider it to-morrow morning, if you wish to do so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can enter a motion to
reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
not passed. Itis still in Committee of the Whole,
arid open to amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
nmendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, icad the third time, and passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will now enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bid. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be entered.
CUSTOM-HOUSE IN TEXAS.
Mr.~WIGFALL. I beg leave to call up at this
time the bill S. No. 450. I will say to the Senate
that it will not create any debate. It is reported
from the Committee on Commerce, and has the
tecommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from
Texas will let us get in resolutions and petitions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the first business in order is the recep-
tion of memorials and reports from committees,
if insisted on, but it is within the power of the
Senate to take up any other business by a vote.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I hope the bill will be
taken up by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of the Senate to suspend the usual order of
business. Does the Senator from Texas insist on
his motion ?
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present a
petition.
Mr, WIGFA&L. This bill will not take a
moment. It would have passed while you were
talking about it. It is a bill recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
450) to change the location of the custom-house
for the district of Brazos de Santiago, from Point
Isabel to Brownsville, in the State of Texas, was
road a second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The bill changes the custom-
house of that district from Point Isabel to Browns-
ville, and abolishes the port of entry heretofore
existing at Point Isabel, and creates "Brownsville
a port of entry for that distiict. The collector
of the district is henceforth to keep his office at
Brownsville, and it is to be removed, under such
instructions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe. A deputy collector of customs is to
reside and keep his office at Brazos de Santiago,
who is authorized to enter and clear vessels.
All goods, waves, and merchandise of whatever
description, transported in bond to the port of
entry thus created, from any other port or place
in the United States, via Brazos harbor, may, on
their arrival in the harbor, be transhipped, under
such regulations, not incompetent with law, as
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, in
other vessels for transportation, via the Rio Grande
to Brownsville, and any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, of any description whatever, imported
into the district, via the harbor, from any foreign
country, may in like manner be transhipped to
the port of entry, as provided for goods, wares,
and merchandise transhipped in bond. No bond,
obligation, power of attorney, or other instrument
having legal force, and given or taken with refer-
ence to the custom-house of the district, before
the passage of this act, is by this reason to be
in any manner impaired, but is nevertheless to
remain valid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SURVEY Off OREGON AND "WASHINGTON.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill S. No.
149. It is a bill that was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and reported back with a
unanimous recommendation that it pass. It is a
very hard case, and it ought to have been passed
before now. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to take it up at this time.
Mr. HALE. Was not the bill for the over-
land mail the unfinished business of the morning
hour, when we adjourned on Saturday ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
call up that business when the hour arrives for
its consideration.
Mr. LANE. It will not take a minute to dis-
pose of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the appropriation bill will be the
first business in order, being the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday
Mr. HALE. No, sir. The overland mail bill
was the unfinished business of the morning hour,
and the Post Office bill was the unfinished busi-
ness after the morning hour.
Mr. GREEN. The morning business is not
through with. I have a report to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that th« unfinished business of the morn- i
ing hour has not preference. The unfinished
business first in order is that which was left at
the adjournment of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I submit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill indicated by the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. HUNTER. I will not object to it pro-
vided it will be laid aside when twelve o 'clock
comes, which is the time appointed for the unfin-
ished business.
The motion of Mr. Lane was agreed to; and
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 149) making appro-
priations to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tions for the completion of the geological survey
of Oregon and Washington Territories. The bill
appropriates the following sums: First, For de-
fraying the expenses of a geological reconnois-
sance and explorations in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories, over and above the appropria-
tions of March 3,1853, and 1855, as per accounts
audited and adjusted, $3,574 70. Second. For
expenses incurred in the analysis of eighty-eight
specimens, from different localities, of soils, coals,
and ores, and preparation of the final report for
publication, $6,984 50.
Mr. LANE. This bill is to provide for the
paymentof servicesalreadyperformed,the vouch-
ers and accounts for which have been rendered,
settled, approved, and are ready for payment the
very moment this bill shall pass. The bill was
referred early in the session to the Committee on
Public Lands, and they reported it with a unani-
mous recommendation that it ought to pass; and,
as I am sure there can be no objection to the bill,
1 ask that it be now put on its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WENDELL TROUT.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 640)
for the relief of Wendell Trout, have instructed
me to report the same back with an amendment,
and I ask the consent of the Senate to dispose of
it at this time. It will take but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The bill, as it passed the House, directed
the Secretary of the Interior to issue to Wendell
Trout, of Franklin county, Kentucky, a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, for ser-
vices rendered by him as a teamster 111 the mili-
tary service of the United States, in the Indian
wars of 1793 and 1794; and also to cause his name
to be placed on the pension roll, and that he be
allowed a pension of eight dollars per month,
from the 4th of March, I860.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out the second sec-
tion in the following words:
Src.2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secietary of
tlie ! nt'Tior be, and hereby n, authorized and directed to
cause the name of the said Wendell Trout to tie placed on
the pension roll, and that he bo allowed a pension of eight
dollars per mouth from the 4th day of March, 1860.
The. amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam M. Varnum, agent of the State of Georgia,
praying a readjustment of the interest accounts
of the State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of William M.
Varnum, agent of the State of Georgia, praying
that a balance of the amount paid by the State to
militia called into service by the Governor to pro-
tect the people of Cherokee county from Indian
hostilities m 1838, may be refunded; which was
referred to theCommittee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. CLARK presented an additional paper in
relation to the claim of Eleazer Williams; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a petition of cit-
izens of the northwestern part of the State of
Texas, praying the establishment of a semi-
