1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
Mr. PUGH. I read from a pamphlet published
under the Senator's own supervision, and with a
preface to it. I do not know whether the Sen-
ator revised the speech or not.
Mr. DAVIS. You do know. I tell you, I did
not.
Mr. PUGH. I did not know when you spoke.
Now I do know. I said it to corrcct myself.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg your pardon, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Now, sir, I do not presume to
say what the Senator meant. His language may
go as it is hero reported: but I will say what im-
pression would have been produced on my mind
if I hnd been one of the audience. It is a speech
addressed to the people of the North. It is in
reply to an oft-attributed charge of forcing slavery
upon a community—those are the words of the
speech; and 1 can say that if I had heard the Sen-
ator use that language, I could have arrived at no
other interpretation than that he was, in the very
language of the Senator from Missouri, suggest-
ing to the people of the Territory how they could
keep slavery out.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will only say to the Sen-
ator that I addressed a more intelligent audience
who put no such construction upon my language;
who understood perfectly what I meant—that any
attempt by laws to force slavery into a commu-
nity where all of the community were opposed to
it would be utterly futile. They understood per-
fectly well from more than is reported, for I recol-
lect the argument went beyond what is reported,
that all laws were dead uppn the statute-book, if
they were resisted by public opinion; that no
character of property could be held in it which
depended upon the protection of juries, if juries
were all opposed to it—the particular case cited
was the case of Utah—that, enact what laws we
might, they fell dead before the Mormon juries;
that crime stalked unrebuked, and went neces-
sarily unpunished, because no jury could be cm-
patineled which would not side with Mormons
committing any offense whatever against one of
our people. 1 know not what construction the
Senator may put upon the language, nor what
conclusion he may arrive at, but f am quite sure
the intelligent audience i addressed never misun-
derstood my opinion.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I do not know what
the audience understood; I cannot say; but the
Senator's language is in print; it will go forth to
the country, to the North and to the South, that
•n a speech to a northern audience, this was his
language.
Mr. DAVIS. But you put in that what you
do not find there. You talk about legislation.
There -was no legislation in the speech; there was
nothing said there about legislation. I did not
suppose the case of improper and unconstitutional
legislation being permitted to stand upon the
statute-book when Congress had the power to
revise it, and when I knew that, although in a ter-
ritorial bill to which the Senator refers,'the whole
power of Congress over it was omitted; never-
theless, he and others assumed the ground that
Congress could not divest itself of the duty; and
lie did revise the laws of Kansas, and he did vote
to repeal certain laws which he considered obnox-
ious.
Mr. PUGH. I am coming to that after a
while.
Mr. DAVIS. You find nothing there about
legislation. You find something about the power
of the people opposed to any particular character
of property; opposed,if you please, to any amount
of legislation admitting tne right which'u citizen
might claim under those laws.
Mr. PUGH. Now, let us see what the Sena-
tor said:
if the inhabitants of any Territory should lefusc to
cnai c such law.-; mul police ass would give r:ecu-
nty to then pioputy ortohis, itwould bu icndered moie or
vaUielos-5, in proportion to the difhculty of holding it
without >ucli pioteetion. In the c:i^c of propoityin the labor
ot mun, oi what isj usually callcd slave property, the iiwe-
cuutv would be so groat that the ownei could not ordina-
rily ii-tulii it. Therelore, though the m;ht would remain,
the remedy being withheld, it would follow that the owner
wouM b" practically debancd bv the cireumstanccs of the
case trom taking slave property into a Territory whoie the
sense ol the inhabitants was opposed to lta introduction.
So much for the oft-iepeated fallacy of forcing slavery upon
any community."
Now, if a Territorial Legislature was in session
and was looking about for ways and means to
prevent shivery from being brought into a Terri-
tory, what could they liave done better than to
follow the Senator's advice ?
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator—1 ask him
the question, and 1 put the question to his fair-
ness and integrity—docs he say there is advice
there to a Territorial Legislature to pass laws
embarrassing the right of any citizen?
Mr. PUG-H. I say, if the Senator did not
mean so to say, I will give him the benefit of it;
but I certainly did understand the language so.
Mr. DAVIS. Understand that to be advice to
aTerritorial Legislature to pass laws embarrassing
the rights of a citizen ?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; but to pass no laws.
Mr. DAVIS, You understand that to be ad-
vice to a Territorial Legislature to pass no laws to
confer protection on the right of a citizen ?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator certainly did not
hoar what I introduced this extract with, or he
would not ask me. The Senator from Missouri
said that the language of the Senator from Illi-
nois, at Freeport, was taken as advice by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature; and I say it was no more
advice to the Territorial Legislature than this; not
a bit. That is what I said.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has no right to say
that even, because there is nothing there about
legislation. The whole idea there—and it is
strange to mcthat the Senator cannot take it in—
is, that if Congress were to pass any amount of
laws, such as it is possible to pass of a general
character, that still certain police regulations are
necessary in every community for the protection
of property; that those police regulations are
greater, from the nature of the property, in the
case of slaves, than any other; and that in a com-
munity which was hostile, in a community which
would permit every citizen to harbor a runaway
slave, in a community so lost to every sense of
justice that when a jury was empanneled, it
would not punish one who harbored the prop-
erty and secreted the property of another, that the
riglit of that property would be almost valueless,
being restricted entirely to such as would resist
the temptation of those who criminally persuaded
the slave to run away from the master. There is
nothing about legislation. It is merely to show
that it was a fraud upon the people to tell them
that Congress was seeking, by law, to compel
them to receive what they were unwilling to hold.
Mr. PUGII. The Senator is not speaking of
Congress in this scction. The language of the
Senator is not applied to Congress, but is applied
to the people of a Territory.
Mr. DAVIS. It was applied to the people of
a Territory: but everybody knew my opinions.
They knew them then as they do now. They
knew I claimed rights under the Constitution;
that I claimed Congress had power to legislate for
a Territory; that the territorial organization or
corporation was the creature of Congress, was its
agent, and but an indirect mode by which Con-
gress legislated in the Territories. Everybody
knew my opinions. The Senator has had a chance
to know them. The people there had a chance to
know them. They did know them. It is nothing
like the case where a Teriitorial Legislature was
referred to as having the power by unfriendly
legislation to destroy the enjoyment of a right
which a citizen had under tlie 'Constitution and
under the law.s of Congress.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir. I declare, without mean-
ing any imputation on the Senator, I do not see
that thai altered the case a whit. 1 have read his
language; and it may go to the country, so far as !
I am concerned, witliout another word of contro- :
versy. ,
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, the Senator need not talk
that way. I sent it to the country. 1 sent it to ;
put down cavilers who n ported me as saying
what I did not. I sent it to the fair and discrmi- 1
mating judgment of the people, that they nn^ht ,
see what i had said, and form their own opinions.
Exactly such perversions of my language as the ,
Senator attempts was my inducement to print it j
and circulate it freely. ^ i
Mr. PUGH. The only perversion of the Sen- j
ator's language consists in reading it. |
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has done more than !
that. \
Mr. PUGH. From first to last, that is all. ;
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has done more than !
read it. j
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; and as far as giving it !
circulation is concerned, what further circulation
it may get by being published in my speech, it
shall have.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator does not hear me,
or does not comprehend me. I say I gave it cir-
culation in order to put down unjust criticisms
which were put upon my remarks by interpolat-
ing what I did not say and giving a construction
to it which the language did no.t bear, and'I leave
it to stand together with the construction which
the Senator has attempted.
Mr. PUGII. Well, I have read that paragraph
from the Senator's speech twice, or rather I read
it once and the Clerk read it once. I say again,
and I leave it to third persons everywhere, if a
Territorial Legislature were in session and desi-
rous to prevent the influx of slaves, what could
they have done better than to have passed no law
at all, if the Senator's opinion, as expressed in
that extract, be correct?
Mr. DAVIS. I should have a hard task, I per-'
ceive, to make the Senator comprehend anything
which he does not want to see; but I will tell him
once and for all that the Territorial Legislatures
do not pass all the police laws which exist within
a State. Police boards and courts of justice usu-
ally pass the police laws or regulations which lead
to the employment of patrol and other persons
who preserve peacc, who prevent the escape of
slaves, and return them to their masters, and take
up runaways and confine them until they are
claimcd.
Mr. PUGH. I do not sec that it makes any
difference whether the laws are passed by the
Territorial Legislature or by justices of the peace,
if they have any such power.
Mr. DAVIS. I dia not say justices of the
peace passed laws.
Mr. PUGH. 1 perceive itwould be idle forme
to have any further controversy with the Sena-
tor.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, quite.
Mr. PUGH. I said the Senator was not speak-
ing of Congress in this extract, and I will read'it
again with no interpolation:
" If the inhabitants ot any Territory should refuse to cn-
aet Mich laws and police regulations! as would give security
to their propelty or to his, it would be rendered more or
less valueless, in proportion to the difficulty of holding it
witliout fsueli protection. In the case of piopcrtv in the
labor of man, or what is usually called slave property, the
insecurity would be so great that the owner could not otdi-
nauly retain it. Theiefore, though the right woukl remain,
the remedy being withheld, it would follow that the owner
would be practically debarred by the circumstances of the
case from takinj; slave property into a Territory where the
sense of the inhabitants was opposed to its introduction.
So much for the oft-repeated fallacy of forcing slavery upon
any community."
Now, being thrice read, I leave it. But the ac-
cusation of the Senator from Missouri was that
the expression of opinion by the Senator from
Illinois, in rmswer to a question at Freeport, in
the State of Illinois, was an invitation to the Ter-
ritorial Legislature to refrain from passing laws
to protect slave property, and an invitation to so
exercise their power of taxation and other legis-
lative powers as to prevent the introduction of
slaves. That is his charge. In order to show
how groundless the charge is, I say, if the Senator
from Illinois can be- charged with such an offense
by an expression of his opinion at Freeport, the
same charge is equally good against the Senator
from Mississippi for what ho said at Portland; but
I do not make the charge either against the Sen-
ator fiom Mississippi or the Senator from Illi-
nois. The Senator from Missouri, however, pro-
ceeded, in a few minutes, to overturn his own
proposition 
Mr. DAVIS. I wish the Senator would go on.
I want him to say as much as he pleases m my
case, and I want him in that conncctiou to show
the identity between the assertion of the right to
do a thing and the admission of the power; the
assertion of the right to steal and the admission
of the capacity to steal.
Mr. PUGH. I do not sci* that it is material.
I cannot sec that there is anything in that. It re-
minds me very much of a man who might rise up
before an infuriated assembly of people and tell
them not to tar and feather some one, for itwould
be very bad, and contrary to law; but, at the same
time, should go on and enlarge upon their num-
bers and the feasibility of doing it without being
interrupted. I think he could hardly escape after-
wards at the barof public opinion, by stating that
