1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23834
weekly mail from Weatherford, in Parker coun-
ty, via Veal's Station, Prairie Point, Denton,
Pilot Point, to Sherman, in Grayson county, to
connect with the overland mail from St. Louis
and Memphis, to San Diego, California; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 38) directing the settlement of the
accounts of the contractor for the erection of the
custom-house and post office at San Franciso,
California; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
393) granting an invalid pension to Nathan Ran-
dall, reported it without amendment, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief
of Chauncey W. Fuller, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the petition of registers and receivers at the land
offices in the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
praying the reimbursement of moneys paid by
them for clerk hire, rent, and fuel, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Mississippi, in relation to the graduation
act of lands belonging to the General Government,
to the Mobile and Ohio railroad, and the South-
ern railroad, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of
California in favor of the establishment of a new
land district in that State, prensented on the 19th
of March, 1860, and resolutions of the Legislature
of California in favor of the establishment of a
new land district in the northern part of the val-
ley of Sacramento, presented May 10, 1860, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 324) authorizing the sale of the
Western Military Asylum in Harrodsburg, Ken-
tucky, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 322) to complete
certain military roads in the Territory of New
Mexico, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, as the committee had already con-
sidered a House Toill on the same subject, and re-
ported it back to the Senate; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of C. B. Baker, praying an allowance to
defray expenses for subsistence while in the em-
ploy of the Coast Survey office, in the Gulf of
Mexico, &c., reported adversely thereon.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred papers relat-
ing to the claim of Thomas J. Ilenley, reported
a bill (S. No. 471) for the relief of Thomas J.
Henley; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-IIOUSE.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to repoit to the Senate the present state and condition of
the new custom-house at New Orleans, and whether, in
his opinion, true cconomy does not requne that further ap-
propriations be now made for its completion.
PATENT OFFICE EXTENSION.
Mr. DURKEE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, directed to fuini^h the Senate with copies of all
contracts, and supplemental contracts for the construction
of tlie east and we&t wings and the north fi out of the Patent
Office building ; oi for any alteration ur lopana to the ^outh
front; and ioi the flagging, coping, and cuibing aiound the
grounds of said building;"and foi the granite walhng and
grading in &aid grounds; and for the Iron railing around the
same—specifying the amount per pound paid therefor; to-
getherwith copies ofthemeasurer'sbillsforall work meas-
ured ; also, that he inform the Senate of the amount paid
to each contractor; and whether any portion of the above
work was given out without being advertised, and bids re-
ceived therefor; and if so, what portions were so given
out, by whom, and to whom given, and what amount was
paid for each part thereof.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Fort Washita, in the Choc-
taw nation, to Gainesville, Cook county, Texas, by way of
Bumey Academy, and report accordingly.
THADDEUS HYATT.
Mr. DIXON. Before offering the resolution
which I am about to request the Senate to con-
sider, I desire to say a few words in explana-
tion 
Mr. GREEN. The morning hour is nearly
out, and I have some reports to make. I shall
object to any explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GREEN. No remarks are in order until
the resolution is presented, and it then cannot be
considered without unanimous consent. I object
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will send his resolution to the Secretary.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator objects, I will
present the resolution without any remarks.
The Secretary road the resolution, as follows:
RrtolveA, That, in tile execution of the order of the Sen-
ate for the imprisonment of Thaddetis Hyatt, the Sergcant-
nt-Arms be authorized anil directed to remove said ilyatt
hom the common jail in this city, and pcumt lum to p.iss
without resti amt within the limits of the city of Washing-
ton.
Mr. GREEN. I object to the present consid-
eration of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It lies over,
under the rules.
Mr. DIXON. I give notice that I shall call up
that resolution to-morrow morning.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make a report from
the committee of conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the Military Academy
bill. They have agreed to the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses 011 the bill (ii. II. No. f>) making appro-
puations foi the support of tiie Militaiy Academy for tile
year ending 30th of June, 1861, having met and consideied
the same, and, aftei full and free conference thereon, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses, as follows:
That tiie House recede from its disagreement to tile first
amendment of the Senate, and concur therein.
That the Senate recede fiom its second, third, fourth,
fitth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh
amendment^.
Tli.it the Ilonse recede from iw amendment to the first
amendment of til# Senate.
JEFFERSON DAVIS,
J. UOLLAMBU,
JOSEPH LANE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
13. PTAXTOtf,
JOHN II. REAGAN,
H. WINTER DAVIS,
Matiagers on the part of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 concurring in the report made by the Sena-
tor fiom Mississippi.
Mr. KING. I should like to know what the
amendments are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
the committee will be again read.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 can explain to the Senator from
New York. The report recites merely the amend-
ments by their numbers. I suppose the Senator
from New York wants to know what these amend-
ments are.
Mr. KING. Exactly.
Mr. DAVIS. The first amendment was for an
appropriation for materials to continue the con-
struction of quarters for subaltern officers stationed
at that post. The House disagreed to it, and in
this conference the House recede. The next was
an amendment to that amendment by the House.
When they struck out the amendmentof the Sen-
ate, they substituted for it an amendment fixing
the term of studies at West Point. The House
recede from that amendment. The Senate, then,
in ten different items, appended an amendment to
provide for a regiment of mounted volunteers in
Texas. The House disagreed, and the Senate
recede.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, whether, in
those amendments, the four years'or five years'
term of study at West Point was retained?
Mr. DAVIS. Neither. "We leave it just in
the way it was.
Mr. MALLORY. That is all I wish to ask.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
MESSAGE PBOH TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 70) granting a pension to John
Jackson, an invalid soldier;
A bill (No. 524) for the relief of J. R. Crump;
A bill (No. 527) for the relief of Julius Martin;
A bill (No. 528) for the relief of Beda Hayes,
widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby, Hartford
county, Connecticut;
A bill (No. 529) granting a pension to Martha
Sanderson, widow of Major Winslow F. Sander-
son ;
A bill (No. 530) granting a pension to Jane
Yates;
A bill (No. 531) granting an invalid pension to
James C. Myers;
A bill (No. 532)granting apension to Richard
M. Haden;
A bill (No. 533) granting a pension toAdriene
Rich, of Habersham county, Georgia;
A bill (No. 534) granting a pension to John P.
Smith, of Habersham county, Georgia;
A bill (No. 542) for the relief of Effisia C.
De May, widow of Charles F. V. De May, late a
dragoon in the Army of the United States;
A bill (No. 544) granting a pension to Rufus
Call, jr., a soldier in the late war with Great
Britain;
A bill (No. 545) granting a pension to Gregory
Patti;
A bill (No. 546) for the relief of the heira of
Mary Bullock;
A bill (No. 578) for the relief of William Strong;
A bill (No. 587) for the relief of Anton L. C.
Portman;
A bill (No. 446) for th  relief of Erastus Hutch-
ins; and
A bill (No. 693) for the relief of Richard C.
Martin.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 49) to grant the rights of preemption
to a certain tract of land in the State of Missouri
to the heirs and legal representatives of Thomas
Maddin, deceased;
A bill (No. 52) for the relief of Jeremiah Pen-
dergast;
A bill (No. 65) for the relief of Mrs. Jane M.
MeCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster, United States
Army; and
A bill (No. 260) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien,
late of the United States Army.
PRINTING Or A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, 011 the 26th instant,at three o'clock,
p. m., the printing of the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, communicating inform-
ation recently received respecting the Chinese
coolie trade, which has not been heretofore com-
municated to Congress.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY. I see the Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayard] in his place, upon whom
the Senate had been waiting, m order to take up
a bill which was brought up in March. If now
move to take up the bill (S. No. 230) in relation
to the Florida claims, for the purpose of making
it the special order on Wednesday next, which is
the only day for which there is no special order.
I do it for the purpose of disposing of this matter
which has been before the Senate so long; it is a
vexed question, and I presume we can then have
a vote on it.
Mr. WADE. I must object to Wednesday.
The bill for the admission of the State of Kansas
was made the special order for Wednesda/next,
