42#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
he' drew a distinction between the. abstract right
and the actual power.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not mean to interrupt the
Senator again; but he goes off to make a charge
against the people I addressed. They were not
an infuriatea mob. They were a body of intelli-
gent men, and most of them men true to our con-
stitutional rights-, men with whom I had associ-
ated long enough to understand them, and whom
I am proud to remember as my friends; men as
true to the Const] rution as if they lived in any
other portion of the country, so far as it involves
the protection of property in slaves; men who,
unlike the Senator, do not grope about in old rec-
ords and read scraps from the decisions of the
Supreme Court to prove that there is no right of
protection, and that the legislative power of a
Territory is commensurate with anything which
its will may dictate. I was not addressing an in-
furiated mob; not addressing men who sought, by
any indirection, to exclude their fellow-citizens
from the Territories; but men of genuine Democ-
racy, who recognized equality of right every where,
who indorsed the opinions I entertained, and who
indorse them still.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator may proceed with
his eulogy upon himself and his audience without
contradiction from me, nor shall I take notice of
what I deem a very ungracious remark of the Sen-
ator, that 1 had groped about to pick extracts torn
from their context to prove what the original was
not designed to prove. I shall leave that to the
eountry; I shall leave it to the legal profession.
I did not say the Senator was addies.sing an in-
furiated mob. I said that language like that,
uttered in the hearing of a Territorial Legislature,
would be construed by them as a hint how to do
it, just as much as 1? a man should addiess a
mob under the circumstances which I stated; they
would take it as an invitation.
But I say the Senator lVom Missouri proceeded,
•n a few moments, to overturn his own accusation.
He said that this remark of the Senator from
Illinois, at Freeport,was considered a remark ut-
tered in the heat of debate, and that it would all
be forgotten, and that no attention was further to
be paid to it: yet that remark cost the Senator
from Illinois the chair of the Committee on Tei-
ntories in this Senate, if the Senator from Cali-
fornia be a true witness, fie had not repeated it,
he had not even arrived at the Senate before, in
consequence of a mere remark, he was degraded.
Mr. GREEN. Will (he Senator allow me a
word ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. 1 said that when that remark
was first made I regarded it as a mere accidental
expression in the ardor of debate, i never said
that he was removed from his position as chair-
man of the Committee on Teiritories in conse-
quence of it—never. Otheis may hu\c said so.
I was opposed to lus remo\al; and it'it can restore
harmony and unity m the Democratic pnrty, ! am
willing to resign my place to-day, not only as
chairman of that committee, but as a member of
the American Senate. The good of the American
Union is superior to my position either us a Sen-
ator or chairman of a committee, lint the Sen-
ator from Illinois repeated that declaration in
several speeches, at Memphis, at Now Orleans,
and other places, in his triumphal march to the
Capitol. I do not know, but [ suppose it was in
consequence of these repeated lemark.s that it was
taken as a settled opinion rather than as a mere
accidental expression.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does the gentleman mean
that that remark gave me a triumphal march m
all the slaveholding States where I repeated it5
Mr. GREEN. I certainly do not; hut that the
Senator m his triumphal march repeated the same
tiling. Then, however, lie said always that the
end was to be accomplished by unfriendly legis-
lation, by indirect means, never by a direct terri-
torial prohibitory act.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will simply state that at
Frecport, in reply to a question, I did say that
slavery might be excluded from a Territory by
non-action and also by unfriendly legislation. "I
had made the same remark in the Senate over and
over again, m 1850, and during every session of
Congress from that time to the period when I was
removed from the chairmanship of the Commit-
tee on Territories. Every member of the Senuto
dming that whole period knew that I held those
sentiments. I had been eleven times appointed
chairman of the Committee on Territories by the
unanimous vote of this body, after I had repeated
those remarks over and over again. If gentle-
men desire to make an issue on this point, I will
show the fact from the record.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator if I under-
stood lum correctly to say that the opinions now
avowed, and which he has heretofore avowed, of
the right of a Territory by unfriendly legislation
to expel s'tnery, or to prevent its coming there,
were known to belong to him in 1850 by every
member of the Senate ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will say this: There is no
member of the Senate who has an excuse for not
knowing my opinions. You can hardly open the
congressional debates of that period at any page,
without finding; them expressed. Again in 1852,
m 1853, in 1854, m 1855, and in 1856, they wm-e
uttered in the presence of every Senator then m
the Senate—not once, not twice, not ten times,
but just as often as the question arose. I beg
pardon, however, for uttering a word; I ought
not to put this into the speech of my friend* from
Ohio.
Air. PUGH I am very happy to have it there.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bjglkr m
the chair.) The Senator from Ohio is entitled to
the floor. Does he yield it to the Senator from
Missouri?
Mr PUGH. Yes,  u .
Mr. GREEN. 1 remarked yesterday, that after
the Died Scott decision, no man had ever uttered
the sentiment alluded to, so far as 1 know, until
the Senator from Illinois expiessed it. I knew
there was a difference of opinion before; but even
before that decision, neither the Senator from Illi-
nois nor anybody else claimed that a Territory
could have a power which Congress did not pos-
sess. All regarded the powers of the Territory
as derivative from Congress. We did difiei as to
what was the power of Congress, but w«- ell said,
" We will bow with due submission to whatever
de<-i,aon the Supreme Court may rendu- on that
question " Alter ltwa-J decided thnt Congress
had not this power, then, for the fust time, the
Senaior from Illinois ra'sed the question, unfor-
tunately—\ regret it for ir.s sake and for my own
and for tin- sake of the country—that a Territory
could do H in despite of Congiess, without any
derivation of powt r from Congress: and he alone
is responsible for it.
Air. PUGH. I do not wondi r that the Senator
from Mississippi and I got into a heat, when so
many otlu r Senators do 
Mr. DAVIS. On account of the genera! dec-
laration of the Senator from Illinois, I merely wish
to say that, having had many controversies with
that Senator outhe territorial question, I suppose
I may be as well referred'to as another as one of
those who, he says, must have know his opinions.
In 1850,1 did know lum to advocate the doctrine
o( Miveiei^nty m the terrkonal inhabitants—the
power to do whai they pleased, I think, was about
the extent of his dorti ine. 1 did not concur with
hnn , 1 opposed that doctrine.
Mr. DOUGLAS, f must correct the Senator.
[ nev^r claimed for a Territory the power to do
anything inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United State-,
Mr. DAVIS Oh! a Slate cannot do that. Sov-
ereignty, as i* is understood in our Government;
sovereignty, as it exists, under the Constitution,
m the States: that is what you claimed for them.
The Senator's opinion, 1 think, went to that ex-
tent. He wentbeyond the venerable Senatorfrom
Michigan, now the Secretary of State; and I recol-
lect once, in discussion between the Senator from
Mirlngnn and myself, the Senator from Illinois
thought he fell so far below the true standard of
squatter sovereignty that he had to take him to
account. I, therefore, certainly wan aware that the
Senator at that penod entertained the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty in all its length and breadth—
squatter sovereignty as we undei stand it; the Sen-
ator may have anoiher name.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to engage in a
controversy with the Senator from Mississippi
while the. Senator from Ohio holds the floor, and
ha* not finished his speech. 1 apologized a mo-
ment ago for having done something of that kind.
I will merely say that I certainly shall, from the
record, controvert the Senator's recollection of our
relative positions at that time; and I will say, fur-
thermore, that he is mistaken in the position he
assigns me then, although 1 then held precisely
the opinions I do now.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe the Senator then did
hold the opinions he does now; but I think there
was an intermediate period when he was more
sound. I think, about the period of the enact-
ment of the Kansas-Nebraska law, the Senator
was more sound than he either is now or was in
1850.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the time comes for
discussing it, 1 will show that at that period, on
the very night the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
passed, I stated that the sole object of the repeal
of the Missouri restriction was, that the people of
the Territory might introduce or exclude slavery
through the Territorial Legislature while a Ter-
ritory, as well as after they became a State; and
no man who heard me then, can have an excuse
for not knowing that I hehi that the Territorial
Legislature, in the territorial capacity, could do it.
The record in the Globe will sustain me.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not doubt the Senator's accu-
rate recollection of what he said on that occasion.
I had not the honor to hear him. As he is aware,
I was not then a member of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the Senator did not hear
me, I hope he will not express an opinion on my
soundness at a time when he did not know what
my opinions were.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 express no opinion on that
speech of the Senator; but I think the Senator's
soundness may be inferred from the general lan-
guage of the bill itself. The language of the bill
shows that the Senator had somewhat changed his
views as entertained by him in 1850. I merely
thought it necessary to say this, in order that I
might not, with others, be put in vhc category of
having indorsed the Senator through along period,
holding a certain opinion which was subsequently
objectionable; for, unlike the Senator from Mis-
souri, 1 am among those who do not iegret that
the Senator from Illinois was not continued at the
head of the Committee on Territories. I thought
it eminently proper, when lie differed from the
majority of the Senate upon the territorial ques-
tion, when he held opinions which rendered him
unfit to ho the organ of that majority, that lie should
cease to be the chairman of that committee; and I
have yet to leant tiom himself that he would like
lo hold the position on such terms.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not know that I held
opinions which were not entertained by the ma-
jority. I believe that I hold opinions which are
entertained by three fourths of the Democracy
of the nation. I believe I can show from the
record that a majority of the Democracy of the
Senate, at that time, understood the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill as I then did and now do. 1 am pre-
pared to show from the icoord, also, that a differ-
ence of opinion on that question was considered
no cause of discrimination in the formation of
committees. I will show you, too, that m the
House of Representatives, after the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill w.is passed, the question was put to
Colonel Richardson, as the Democratic nominee
for Speaker, whether he thought a Territorial
Legislature could exclude slavery by a territorial
enactment during its territorial existence, and he
answered in writing; and after that answer every
southern member but three voted for him as sound
on the territorial question.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not know what the Senator
may be able to prove from the record; but I stand
upon the position which I have just assumed, that
the Senator's opinion upon the power of a Terri-
torial Legislature was deemed a sufficient cause
by the Democracy for not continuing him in the
position of ehairmitu of the Committee on Terri-
tories. There must have been, then, a majority
of the Democratic Senators who did not concur
with him. If that be so—and it appears to be so
on the face of it—then I aay they had a perfect
right to refuse to continue him longer as their
organ on the Territorial Committee. I say it was
due to themselves, it was due to him, and I recol-
lect an eminent example. Mr. Benton, of Mis-
souri, resigned the chairmanship of a committee,
because he ceased to bo in concurrence with the
majority.
