2384
T3E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, I will say Saturday.
Mr. HUNTER. Can the Senator call up a bill
for the purpose of making it a special order with-
out general consent?
, Mr. MALLORY. The order of the Senate can
make it the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
tent for a majority of the Senate to call up any
bill and make it a special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not make any
special order in regard to that bill until we dis-
pose of the appropriation bills and get through
•with them. The motion is to make the Florida
claims a special order, and that will take I do not
know how long. We had better dispose of the
appropriation bills first.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say, in reply to that,
that the owners of these claims have stood here,
session after session, for years, and have been met
with just such delays and objections as are now
made. The Senate is aware that, during the mid-
dle of March this bill was up for discussion.
It was suggested that a postponement should take
flace, for general discussion, on the 16th of April,
n consequence of the absence of some Senators
who wished to continue the discussion, and par-
ticularly my friend from Delaware, we have been
waiting an opportunity to bring it before the Sen-
ate. He is now with us, and I am told that Wed-
nesday or Saturday will suit his convenience. I
am in duty bound to make this motion, and I
think we can dispose of it in one morning. It
has received some discussion already. If the
appropriation bills shall be called up, it will be in
the power of the Senate, at any time, to postpone
this bill and take up those bills. I have made the
motion, and the Senate can do with it as they
please.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
agree to the motion. I am never opposed to spe-
cial orders until now, towards the close of the ses-
sion, when appropriation bills are pressing. This
has been made a special order for several times,
and 1 have never opposed it until now. I hope
the Senate will do nothing which will interfere
with the consideration of the appropriation bills
as they are presented,
Mr. MALLORY. It is for Saturday that I ask
it to be made the, special order. The probability
is, that on that day the Senate 
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a point of order. The
bill is not before the Senate, and the propriety of
making it a special order is not properly debata-
ble. I hope the Senate will not take it up, at least
until we make our reports. This practice, in the
morning hour, of crowding out reports day after
day for the purpose of making special orders, and
then not considering them when the day arrives,
is a mere waste of time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill introduced by the Senator from Florida.
Mv. MALLORY. For the purpose of making
it a special order. I do not wish it to be consid-
ered at this time.
The motion was not agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 5) making appro-
priations for thejiupportof the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1801.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGXED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed tiie following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (S. No. 106) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin;
A bill (S. No. 253) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Wctonsaw, son of James Con-
ner;
A bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of William P.
Bowhay; and
A bill (S. No. 468) to amend an act entitled
" An act to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy and of the District of Co-
lumbia, in said District.
  POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that, the hour for the consideration of the
special order having arrived, it is the duty of the
Chair to announce that as the first business in
order.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be taken up.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask unanimous consent to
present a report.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the unfinished busi-
ness will be taken up, and that the Senator will
not ask me to give way. I am anxious to have
the bill disposed of to-day. My friend from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Pearce] has the floor, and I wish
him to go on and let us make what progress we
can to-day. I think we can get rid of the bill if
my friends will not ask me to give way.
Mr. BIGLER. Allow me to dispose of my
case.
Mr. HUNTER. There are several behind. If
his were the only one I should give way.
Mr. LANE. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, whether, if
his bill comes up, lie will insist on its considera-
tion when the hour arrives for the consideration
of the Oregon and Washington war debt bill?
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to my friend from
Oregon that this bill is in order, and when appro-
priation bills are in order I cannot give way for
anything else, and especially as my friend from
Maryland has the floor. He commcnced a speech
on Saturday, and wc adjourned for him to go on
to-day.
Mr. LANE. I cannot consent to let this day
pass by without having a vote on the Washing-
ton and Oregon war debt bill, if I can help it; and
if it is insisted that this bill shall be taken up, and
it will deprive me of the right and privilege of
having that bill considered to-day, I must be al-
lowed to go on and make a speech until the hour
arrives when the war debt bill is takenup.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope I may be allowed to
go on. We are losing time by this discussion.
It will be sufficient to make this point hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The business
now in order is the bill on which the Senator from
Maryland has the floor.
Mr. LANE. Then, Mr. President, I move
that the consideration of all other business that
interferes with the consideration of the war debt
bill be postponed 
Mr. PEARCE. I must object to anything being
done while I am entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Oregon is not in order.
Mr, LANE. Is it not in order for me to make
the motion?
Mr, PEARCE. No, sir. That motion may
set me aside for to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Oregon that his motion
will not be in order until one o'clock.
Mr. BIGLER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Oregon that the hour having'arrived at which
the Senator from Maryland had the floor, without
his consent, he cannot make the motion.
Mr. LANE. I did not know that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 503) making further appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 18(30, is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
on which the Senator from Maryland is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ate adjourned on Saturday, I was endeavoring to
show how largely the expenditures of the postal
service had increased within the last ten years.
The last statement I made was that there was an ap-
propriation in the bill now pending of £3,126,000
to be paid out of the Treasury in aid of the postal
receipts for the support of the establishment.
Not having the bill before me, I omitted to say
that, in the first bill which passed at this session
of Congress, there was an appropriation of
$2,400,000 of the same character. Adding these
two sums together, and deducting the sum from
the whole of the appropriations out of the reve-
nues of the Department, and out of the Treasury
for the support of the Post Office establishment
during the present year, we should have a balance
about equivalent to the estimated expenditures of
the year. ThePostmasterGeneral, in December
last, estimated the expenditures of the presentyear
at about fifteen million dollars. A subsequent esti-
mate puts them at $15,766,000; but of this §822,000
are stated to be for the transportation of mails on
Puget Sound, and that accounts very nearly fcr
the apparent discrepancy.
Then, sir, the appropriations which are asked
for now, deducting from the whole sum the
amount to be paid out of the Treasury by these
two several items, would make an expense of
about fifteen million, and a deficit of $5,500,000.
But besides this, we have a standing permanent
appropriation out of the Treasury of a little over
a million, so that the real sum chargeable upon
the Treasury for the Post Office support would
be about six million five hundred thousand dol-
lars or six million six hundred thousand dollars
for the incoming year; and the sum required for
the service of this year, with the amounts appro-
priated during this year for the deficiency of the
last, will require, from the postal receipts and the
Treasury together, over nineteen million dollars.
In 1790, when this Government began its oper-
ations, the Post Office was a self-supporting estab-
lishment. During that first year there was a small
deficit of about five thousand dollars. From that
time, regularly, for sixty years, the Department
had generally sustained itself, or had even yielded
an excess of receipts over expenditures into the
Treasury; but after we passed the acts of 1845
and 1851, the revenue began to fall off, and the
result has been greatly to increase the deficit,
amounting, as I showed you, in 1859, to between
seven and eight million dollars. Even as late as
1836, Congress^ which passed an act in that year
to reorganize the Department of the Post Office,
provided that it should be supported out of its
receipts. This practice and principle, therefore,
which has pervaded the system from the begin-
ning of the Government for about sixty years, has
been departed from within the last nine or ten
years; and this demand of an appropriation out
of the Treasury, for the support of that system,
has now swollen to the amount of at least seven
million a year.
Now, sir, why is this? How has it happened
that an establishment of the Government, which
generally sustained itself for sixty years, and
which even contributed money to the general pur-
poses of the Government, is now a beggar at the
Treasury year after year? I think it is mainly
due to the legislation of Congress; no doubt in
some small degree; at all events, to the head of
the Department looking beyond the true scope of
its operations, considering it not as a mere postal
establishment, but as machinery to be used for
the general benefit of commercial interests and
objects, and for the transportation of passengers
and the settlement of new and uninhabited regions.
I say this, because we have established mail routes
where the receipts will not bear an appreciable
ratio to the expenditures; because we have had
some river service where it might have been
cheaper, and even better, performed by other
modes of conveyance; and because we have had
mails transported in the post-coaches with two or
four horses, when the proper system of transport-
ation, looking to economy, would have been to
advertise star-bids, and cause the mail to be car-
ried in such manner as the contractor might most
conveniently and economicallyperform the service.
Now, sirj let me look at some of the items of
this expenditure. Our Pacific mail service is a
very large one, and a very unproductive one for
the most part. The Postmaster General, in his
report, states that there are, or rather were till
lately, six Pacific routes. First, there is one from
New York and New Orleans, by way of Panama,
to San Francisco, semi-monthly, costing $738,250
per annum, and its annual receipts are $299,972.
That is the most productive of all the routes, and
the only one m which the receipts approximate
even to one half of the expenditures. The next
! is the route from New Orleans to San Francisco,
i by way of Tehuantepec, which is stated at an
| annual cost of §250,000, and the annual receipts
i at £5,276. That, I believe, has been discontinued.
\ The third is, from San An tonio,by way of El Paso,
! to San Diego, semi-monthly, and weekly from
! San Antonio to El Paso and Fort Yuma. That
i cost §196,947 a year, and the annual receipt was
$601; being an expenditure of more than three
hundred dollars to every dollar received. Then
there is the route from St. Louis and Memphis,
by way of El Paso, to San Francisco—the Butter-
