1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have never complained of
my removal from the chairmanship of the Com-
mittee on Territories, and I never intended to al-
lude to that subject in this body; but I do assert
that the record proves that the Senate knew for
eleven years that I held the identical opinions
which I expressed in my Freeport speech, and
which are now alleged as the cause of my re-
moval, and during those eleven years, with a
knowledge of those opinions, \ishich were repeated
over and over again in this body within the hearing
of every member of the Senate, 1 was, by the
unanimous vote of the body, made chairman of
that committee. At the end of eleven years I was
removed, and the cause assigned for my removal
is that I hold the identical opinions that I had
expressed for the eleven years when 1 was unan-
imously made chairman of the committee.
If this be the true state of the facts, what docs
it prove? That those who removed mc changed
at the end of the eleven years, and I was not
" sound," because I did not change as suddenly
as they. My only offense consists in fidelity to
the principles that I had avowed for eleven years.
I challenge the world to show that I changed a
hair's breadth on this question during those eleven
years. If, at the end of that time, my opinions
were incompatible with those of the majority, it
shows that the majority had changed their policy
but I had not changed my opinions.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Bicler.]
The Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PUGH. If I yield now, this will be the
last time; for I am anxious to finish my speech,
and not keep the floor all day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg pardon of my friend
from Ohio for having consumed his time.
Mr. GREEN. I was only going to remark
that it was distinctly stated by the Senator from
Illinois in 1856, that whether the Congress had
the power to prohibit slavery in the Territories
or not was a judicial question; that he left it as
a judicial question; that he would submit to the
adjudication of the Supreme Court upon it as a
judicial decision. At that time there was, as I
stated yesterday and the day before, and now re-
peat, a difference of opinion between Democrats
as to whether Congress could, by legislative act,
prohibit slavery in the Territories, directly or in-
directly, or not; but I do assert, that never in his
whole life, either during the eleven years to which
he refers, or the years that have transpired before
or since the eleven, did the Senator assert, until
the Freeport speech, that if Congress had not the
power to abolish slavery, the Territories had; that
a Territory possessed more power than Congress,
and could do what Congress could not do. When
the Drcd Scott decision was rendered, which said
Congress had not this power, we supposed the
whole question was over, and that wc should be
at peace forever. This is all 1 have to say on
that question; and this now statement, this re-
statement of the case, strikes us with astonish-
ment, and we all regret it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In 1856 I did say it was a
judicial question, and I said it over and over again
before 1856. I have.said it since 1856. I declared
in my Illinois speeches that it was a judicial ques-
tion. I have declared the same thing in every pub-
lication 1 have made daring the last year. I as-
sert now that it is a judicial question. The point
is that for many years it was no want of sound-
ness in principle that I held one side of that judi-
cial question while others held the opposite, and
1 assert that the Senate did know that I hold one .
side of the judicial question. But more, I have
always said that I would abide by the decision of j
the Supreme Couit, not only as a matter of policy,
but from considerations of duty. I take the law
as expounded by the court. I reccivc the Drcd
Scott decision as an authoritative exposition, but
I deny that the point now under discussion has
been decided in the Dred Scott case. There is no
one fact in that case upon which it could have
arisen. The lawyers engaged on each side never
dreamt that it did arise in the case. It is offensive
and injurious to the reputation of the court to say
that they decidcd a great question which had been
the subject of agitation to the extent of convulsing
the whole country, when it did not arise in the
case, and when it was not argued by counsel.
Sir, it would prove the court unworthy to decide
great questions in a civilized country if they would
take cognizance of a case when there was ho fact
on the record upon which it could arise, when the
counsel on cither side never dreamt that it was in
issue, when there was no argument on it, and fore-
close the right of self-government to thousands and
hundreds of thousands of people without a hear-
ing.
But one word more. I assert, and the debates
will prove it, that the understanding of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill was that this was a judicial
question to be decided when it should arise on a
territorial enactment. The speech of the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] shows clearly that
it was to arise on a territorial enactment; and all
the speeches of all of us show that it was in that
way and at that time that this judicial question was
expectcd to arise and be decidcd. The under-
standing was that when a Territorial Legislature
passed an act on this subject, of which any man
complained, he should be able to bring the matter
before the Supreme Court; and to facilitate that
court in getting jurisdiction, we amended the bill
by putting in a peculiar clause providing that a
case affecting the title to property in slaves might
be taken up to the Supreme Court without refer-
ence to the amount involved. That clause was
inserted in order to get this judicial question be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States.
How? On a territorial enactment. Nobody ever
dreamt that the court was going, in a decision on
any ease that did not affect that question, to de-
cide this point without argument and without
notice, and preclude the rights of the people with-
out allowing them to bo heard. Whenever a Ter-
ritorial Legislature shall pass an act divesting or
attempting to divest, or impairing,or prejudicing-
the right to slave property, and a case under that
act shall be brought before the Supreme Court, I
will abide by the decision, and help in good faith
to carry it out.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator refers to that pro-
vision being introduced into the Kansas-Nebiaska
bill. I? he quite correct there?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. My memory is, that it was in-
troduced into the bill for the government of the
Territory of New Mexico, and introduced by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and
for a purpose directly opposite to that which the
Senator from Illinois has announced.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator will find that
one part of the provision was suggested fiom the
other side, and acceptcd at once on this side, in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, in order to give the
courts jurisdiction of the question, without refer-
ence to the value of the negro involved. Some
gentleman on the other side suggested the habeas
corpus part of the clause, and we put in the other;
and it was adopted unanimously.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not new.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it was new.
Mr. GREEN. I think so, too.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think you will find that it
was new. Of course I am liable to be corrected
by the record; but I do not think 1 am mistaken.
Now, all 1 have to say is this—and I must apol-
ogize again to my friend from Ohio, and I promise
him I shall give him the floor in a moment—I am
ready, as 1 hold myself in duty bound, to receive
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in all cases arising within their jurisdic-
tion, according to the Constitution, as final and
conclusive as to what the law is; but the differ-
ence between the Senator from Missouri and my-
self is, that I assert that this question never arose.
But suppose I am mistaken. You assert that the
question has been decided; I assert that it has not
been. Why cannot you wait for it to come be-
fore the court regularly? If you arc right, the
court will decide it in the same way that you think
they have already decided it. I do not believe
they will ever decide that way; but why not allow
the question to come before the court on a proper
case, and allow the argument of it? Let my friend
from Ohio argue the case before the court.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN, Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me ?
Mr. PUGH. I gave the Senator permission
before on condition that it should be the last time,
and I hope he will see in what position I am
placed by about a dozen Senators.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not- allow the Senator from Illinois to make
statements without permitting others to reply t6
them.
Mr. GREEN. I say that it Was distinctly un-
derstood when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
passed, by the Senator from Illinois,and all otherig,
that this question as to the power of Congress
was to be determined by the court, and we all
not only agreed to abide by the decision, biit pro-
vided facilities for bringing the question before
the court; but—I assert this in his presence this
hour—neither he nor any other man pretended
that if Congress did not have that power the Ter-
ritory could have it. Never in the history of this
Governmon t, up to thcit time, had it been asserted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I always contended that the
Territorial Legislature had this power. I did
not go into the argument as to where they got it
generally, but whenever I expressed an opinion
it was that it was recognized by the Constitution
of the United States in its amendments, as being
reserved to the people.
Mr. GREEN. I mean exactly what I say, and
he dare not controvert me. Neither he nor any
other man ever contended that if Congress did not
have this power, the Territory could have it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the Word
"dare" is unnecessary in this body. It is un-
necessary to bandy words. I dare assert the truth
always.
Mr. GREEN. But no more.
Mr. DOUGLAS. N6 sir. I trust the Senator
from Missouri does not intimate that I would.
Mr. GREEN. No sir; not at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think I know what my
opinions arc and have been, as well as he. I am
willing that he shall make his assault and that
every other man who desires to do it, shall make
his, and when they get through, I will fire at the
lump and vindicate every word that I have said.
I will not go into a controversy with each gentle-
man separately; my health will not permit it; but
if there is a disposition to impeach my record, let
them all get through with their impeachments and
I will reply to the whole.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. I hope fhe Senator will let me
proceed, or I fear I shall never be able to finish
my speech.
Mr. GREEN. I have a very few words to
say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has the right to the floor. Does he
yield it to the Senator from Missouri ?
Mr. PUGH. If this is the last time, I will.
Mr. GREEN. This is the last, and this was
interpolated without my consent. I say the Sen-
ator from Illinois may fire at the lump whenever
it suits his convenience; it makes no difference to
mc, and he will find not only a lump, but he will
find an individual that will meet him at Philippi.
I know that prior to the decision of the Dred Scott
case, there was a difference of opinion, but all
agreed that we would submit to the decision of
the Supreme Court. I know, and I therefore as-
sert it, that no man claimed any more power in
the Territory than Congress possessed, up to the
decision of the Drcd fecott case. I know, and
therefore mean exactly what I say, that the court
did in that decision decide that Congress had no
power to prohibit slavery in the Territories. I
know, also, that they gave a unanimous opinion
that a Territory could have no more power than
Congress. I have never contended, I do not now
contend, nor has any reasonable, conscientious
lawyer or statesman in this Union pretended, that
it was a decision of that precise point; but it was
an opinion, the unanimous opinion of the court,
for even those judges who dissented from the
judgment gave it as their opinion, that a Territory
had and could have no more power than Congress
itself.
Now, the Senator says, let us bow in due sub-
mission to the court. So say I; but if we are all
agreed on that, why is it that these appeals are
made to inflame the public judgment, and excite
prejudice, before the court pronounces upon the
question? The court has already pronounced
upon one question, and the court has alreadygiven
its opinion upon another. They first said that
Congress has no power to prohibit slavery. They
then gave their unanimous opinion that the Ter-
ritory had no more power than Congress; that all
, its authority was derivative, secondary. This
being the opinion of the court, he who undertakes
