THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Covgre^s, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 29, I860.
New Seriss;....No. 15k? *
field route—occasioning^ annual cost of|^)0,Orio",
with annual receipts of §27,000". From Kansas,
Missouri, to Stockton, .California, there 'was a
monthly mail, at an annual cost of 079,999—I call
it $80,000—and it yielded only about twelve hun-
dred and fifty-five dollars; an expenditure ofa*bout
seventy-five dollars for one received. ThePost-
masterGeneral mentions'asingularfact in regard
to this route. These $1,255 of receipts are'almost
all the produce of a part of the route on which
they supply certain small intermediate places,
Neosho and Albuquerque. Between the two ter-
mini there is actually scarcely anything that can
be called a transportation of the mail. The Post-
master General states that at Stockton, one end of
the route, but a single letter was received, and
that at the other end,of the route there were but
two letters and twenty-six newspapers received
in nine months. Then, if we deduct the §1,255,
the amount of the receipts, from the general ex-
denditure, and consider that sum as sufficient to
pay for transporting the mails between Kansas
ana Albuquerque, and Neosho, the intermediate
places from which that revenue is derived, we
shall have nearly seventy-nine thousand dollars
of expenditure left for the route between the two
termini, on which there were carricd both ways
three letters and twenty-six newspapers. [Laugh-
ter.] That would be an amount of nearly three
hundred dollars for cach letter and newspaper.
But this may not be accurate; it may be that the
expense of transporting the mail between these
little offices, wlucli yield a revenue altogether of
$1,255, may be much greater than this sum. If
it cost half the contract sum of §80,000, the cost
of transporting three letters and twenty-six news-
papers is $1,500 each. At all events, it must be
evident to the Senate that the transportation of
this mail between the termini of this route has
been most inordinately expensive; so expensive,
indeed, that you cannot speak of the receipts as
amounting to anything—they are not appreciable
at ail. This route was also discontinued in June
last. Then the route from St. Joseph, Missouri,
by way of Utah City, to Placcrvillc, which was
a weekly mail, cost annually $32,000, and yielded
only $5,412; an cxpendituie of sixty dollars to
every one received on that route.
The gross annual disbursements for these six
routes are thus shown to have been $2,]84,000,
while the receipts were but $339,000; the givater
part of which came from the ocean mail from New
York, by way of Panama, to San Francisco. The
annual expenditures for local mail service in Cal-
ifornia, Utah, Washington, and Oregon, are about
five hundred and eight thousand dollars. Add
that to the $2,184,000, and you have an aggregate
of $2,693,000 appropriated for the service of the
Pacific mails, and the local service of those States
and Territories. They contain about six hundred
and fifty thousand people; and if the postal ex-
penditures for the rest of the people in this Union
were in exact proportion to these, the postal ser-
vice of the country would cost about one hundred
and twenty-six million dollars per annum.
Now, sir, 1 do not mean to say, that because
these expenses are so great, it would be proper to
cut them down to a pro rata allowance. Distant
regions of the countiy niusl be supplied with mail
matter; and they must, especially when they are
sparsely settled, bo supplied at much greater ex-
pense than the thickly settled portions of the
Union; but certainly there should not be a dispro-
portion of expenditure so great as there is now.
fhe reformation of that properly belongs, not to
"the Committee on Finance, but to another com-
mittee which has the subject m hand, and which,
I believe, has reported a bill for the purpose of
reducing very largely these expenditures. The
bill reported by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Givin*,] I think, contemplates an expense of about
one million four hundred thousand dollars. It is
not for us to undertake to reform this system; but
it is high time that Congress looked at all these
facts, and saw the enormous disproportion of ex-
penditures to receipts, and brought it down to
something a little more reasonable.
150
The river or steamboat routes are very expens-
ive. The Postmaster General mentions the route
from St. Paul to New Orleans, costing some
$328,000, and yielding so small an amount of rev-
enue that he'does not even state it; for he says it
is not worthy .of being taken into consideration.
That service, I believe, he has discontinued, sub-
stituting for it railroad service, ancl supplying by
lateral routes to the points on the Mississippi
river, which alone this mail was competent to
supply.
The Postmaster General mentions also the
franking privilege, the abolition of which would
relieve the Department of a very great expendi-
ture. The franked matter now sent through the
mail is estimated to cost about one million eight
hundred thousand dollars per annum. I do not
suppose that the abolition of the franking privilege
would relieve the Department to that extent, be-
cause the contracts are now made with reference
to it, and they would only be going out by annual
installments, one every four years; but' no doubt
if the franking privilege were abolished, and we
should cease to send the immense number of
heavy documents which the mails are transport-
ing through all parts of the country, we should
be able to make contracts after a time at a reduced
rate of expense. Certainly, I think, we should
be able to do so in all the service except the rail-
road service, as to which there is a difficulty'that
is perhaps not to be overcome at all, though the
PostmasterGeneral recommends, in regard to that,
that we reduce the maximum to be allowed to
any railroad company one third. There arc now
something like one hundred and thirty-eight rail-
road routes in the United States where the com-
panies decline to make any contract at all. They
carry the mails, refusing positively to make con-
tracts, and the Department is compelled to make
temporary arrangements with them as best it can.
Now, sir, what will be the effect of refusing to
strike out the portion of the bill which relates to
the restoration of the inland service on all routes
under contract on the 4th of March, 1859? I take
it that you restore all those routes, the great ex-
pcnsivencss and small production of which I have
shown. They are included in the inland service;
they must be restored, under the terms of this
bill; and I do not know that the Postmaster Gen-
eral, if you do restore them in these terms, will
think himself at liberty, under the general au-
thority of law which he has exercised,and which
1 have no doubt rightly, to reduce that service
after such peremptory restoration by Congress.
He may or he may not. Certainly, if this is to
be considered mandatory on him, 1 think we ought
not to pass any such provision. It seems to me
very clear that no member of this House would
think it proper to direct the restoration of routes
the expense of which is sixty times the amount
of their receipts; which seem to have been estab-
lished not for tlie transportation of the mail so
much as for the purpose of opening settlements
through country not now settled, and which pass
through regions, portions of which, I will ven-
ture to say, are not capable of settlement, and
never will, for the most part, be the abodes of
civilization; and which «ncvcr will require, and
certainly cannot justify, such enormous postal
expenditure.
Gentlemen have asked by what authority has
the Postmaster General curtailed the service upon
these routes. His letter was read at the Secre-
tary 's table on Saturday; and I think it is a com-
plete vindication and establishment of his power,
if, indeed, it were necessary to undertake to es-
tablish a power which the Postmaster General
has exercised from the very beginning of the Gov-
ernment, and which, though it may not be given
to him in express teims by the act. of 1825, is ne-
cessarily given to him by that act by unavoidable
implication. The Postmaster General states that
this authority has always been exercised fiom
the beginning of the Government; and in 1825,
when an act was passed reducing into one tlie
provisions for the organization of the Post Office
Department, its first section required the Post-
maste'r_ General " to provide for the carriage of
the rftails on all post roads that ace or may be
established by law, and as often as lie, Having re-
gard to the productiveness thereof and ot^er cir-
cumstances, shall think proper/' #ho is tQ
judge, by_ the terms of the act, of the amount of
mail service that shall be allowed on every route?
.Who but the Postmaster General; who is> accord-
ing to the very language of thq act, to determine
hotf often, "having regard' to the productiveness
thereof and other circumstances," he shall think
proper to have, the m&il carried on those routes?
It is absolutely necessary to yield that implication.
The words signify it as directly as if it had been
expressed; and this was not only the construction
of the Department at that time, but has been ever
since—a construction acquiesced in by ail branches
of the Government, Congress as well as others,
by contractors, ^nd by all people interested in the
mail service. It seems to me a little surprising,
indeed, that his power should have been formally
questioned. Something has been said about the
act' of 183t>, which, however, relates to a very
different subject, as I shall explain. I will add,
that tliis act of 1825 fully justifies the stipulation
inserted in all contracts, that the Postmaster Gen-
eral may discontinue or curtail the service, in
whole or in part, &c., he allowing one month's
extra pay for the amount of service dispensed
with.
Other gentlemen have then asked, how is it that
the Postmds'ter General has undertaken, when he
has made a curtailment of the service, to allow
only pro rata compensation for the reduced ser-
vice ? Why, sir, how else was he to estimate the
allowance? If he liad not a right to say that the
compensation for reduced service should be in
proportion to the reduction of theservice, it would
amount to this: that the Postmaster General had
a right to curtail the service, and the contractor
had a right to say, <{ you cannot curtail the com-
pensation"—a manifest absurdity. There is no
law, as he says, which prohibits his reduction of
the compensation pro rata, and it seems ordinarily
to be the proper and the equitable rule. Excep-
tional cases there may be, and there arc; and the
Postmaster General has sometimes, in such in-
stances, not adhered strictly to that rule. There
may have been cases of hardship which have not
reached his ear; but I understood him to say the
other day, that there had not been a case men-
tioned at that time in Congress, so far as he was
aware, which he could not show, by a counter
statement of facts, or a counter argument, to be
destitute of merit.. But, sir, be that as it may, it
seems to me perfectly proper that the Postmas-
ter General, the head, of this Department, whose
duty it is to be acquainted, not only with its gen-
eral principles, but with all its special details; who
has the best opportunity of knowing what those
special details are, and of regulating the allow-
ances equitably with a full knowledge of the facts,
is a much better agent for that purpose than this
House, or both Houses of Congress, can possibly
be. Rut if his discretion shall not be equitably
applied to any case of extraordinary hardship,
then, it seems to me> the proper way to remedy
such a matter is not by general law introduced in
the appropriation bills, but by a special applica-
tion to Congress, covering all cases of service re-
duced or discontinued; setting forth all the facts
which show the particular hardship and right to
relief.
The second item of this section of the bill which
the committee propose to strike out i^the allow-
ance for the steamer Isabel. That service is pro-
posed to be restored at §50,000 a year. The Post-
master General states all the receipts from tho
Cuban postage, as well as the intermediate post-
age atlvey West and Savannah, at about ten thou-
sand dollars. The Isabel was being built in the
year 1848; she has been on this line about ten or
eleven years, and has received half a million of
the public money-—certainly more than twice as
much as she could have cost. She is ably com-
manded, very ably commanded, and has per-
formed the service with great regularity and dis-
