1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
to-morrow, with other District business, I ask to
be allowed to lay the amendment on the table,
and have it printed.
The motion was agreed to.
m BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE asked, and hy unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 91) for the relief of John Anderson, of the
State of Oregon; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims. !
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. YULEE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to refund to the State of
Florida, certain moneys advanced by the said
State for military purposes.
RErOltTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 238) to cre-
ate a separate district upon the Pacific coast for
the inspection of hulls, boilers, and machinery of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Joseph K.
Boyd, praying remuneration for aiding in the cap-
ture of the frigate Philadelphia and the report of
the Court of fclaims in the case of Susan Deca-
tur, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 341) for the relief of the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
FURNISHING NORTH WJNG OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Some days
ago, it will be remembered, I offered a resolution,
by instruction of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, for
the purpose of authorizing that committee to have
the comnntfce-rooms of the Senate furnished, and
puck lights provided as should be deemed advisa-
ble and expedient. I hope the Senate will take
up the resolution and pass it. I think it will aavo
many thousands of dollars to the Government.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, on the Silst of March, was read: \
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit and Oontiol the ,
OontingentExpensi's or* the Senate be. and they are hereby. 1
authorized to have the north wing of the Capiio] fitted up |
with the necessary fixtures for gas (in conloimity with the |
geneial style of tho.se in the south wing) in the passage, i
corridors, committee, office and other room'-; and also to ,
provide the committee and other looms with sueli othes I
furniture as; in their judgment, is necessary; and that the |
cost thereof be paid out of the contingent lund of the Sen- j
ate. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. This in the second |
reading of the resolution. It must go through the j
same forms as a bill. It is now before the Senate j
as in Committee of the Whole, and open to amend- |
ment. _ !
Mr. MASON. I wouldask the honorable chair- \
man of the committee, whether there has been any i
estimate of the cost of the furniture and fixtures
which it is proposed to purchase. There is no
statement in the resolution of the amount required.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will say to
the Senator that the Secretary has been going
on and purchasing furniture and furnishing the
rooms, as required by the members of committees.
The Secretary is now indisposed, and cannot at-
tend to such business, and the accounts have all
to be submitted to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses. The resolution authorizes—it does not
direct—that committee to have it done. Of course
they will examine the prices, and know what
everything js to cost the Government before al-
lowing the expenditure. It is not directory, but
simply to authorize them to do so if, in their judg-
ment, it is required.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to offer an
amendment to the resolution, to add:
Provided, That the contract for gas fixtures be let to the
lowest bidder.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think I may
assure the Senator from Michigan that it will be
let to the lowest and best bidder, considering all
things.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know anything
about this matter; but I understand that extrava-
gant bills have been presented and paid in the
other House, and I merely propose to put in this
proviso, which cannot, I think, be deemed objec-
tionable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have no ob-
jection to its going in. The committee will make
the best contract they can.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will state to the Senator from
Michigan, that the committee have universally
acted on that principle during the session, and
authorised no contract to be made except to the
lowest bidder.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does the Senator from
Michigan press his amendment?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; not if it is under-
stood that that course is to be pursued.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope it will not be pressed;
because I am willing to trust to the discretion of
the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, m which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A hill (No. 243) for the relief of the legal rcp-
resenatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased;
A bill (No. 246) for the relief of the heirs of
Major John Ripley; and
A bill (No. 247) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Francis Chaudonet.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (S. No. 247) for the relief of Mary E.
Castor; and „
A bill (TL R. No. 243) authorizing publishers
to print oji their papers the date when subscrip-
tions expiie, and in relation to the postage on drop
letters.
WITHDRAWAL 01' PAPEKS.
Mr. POWELL. J move that the Committee on
Pensions be dischaiged from the consideration of
the following cases: the petition of Ann Ja< kson;
the petition of Elizabeth Rowan; the petition of
James Hudgins, administrator and heir of Ruth
Murphy; the petition of Ann Patterson; the peti-
tion of William White; and the petition of Jane
McClure.
I will state that I understand a motion was made
yesterday and carded, to withdraw these papers
i'rom the files, which cnunot be done until the
committee be discharged from their consideration;
and I make this motion at the request of the parties,
or their agent who presented the petitions.
Mr. CLAY. I trust that the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will not prevail. It happens
that my memory serves me in this instance, inso-
much as to show the great impropriety of voting
inconsiderately, without any discussion or expla-
nation, these motions to withdraw papers from the
files. I know that the Senator from Kentucky
did not understand the object of this motion prob-
ably, or he would have refrained from making it.
I am sure that, like myself, he has been imposed
upon, as we all are habitually in regard to such
motions. Here was a motion made the other day
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iversox,] no
doubt in like ignorance of the motive, to with-
draw from the files of the Senate certain papers.
It cscaped my observation at that time; but the
Senator from Kentucky has renewed it, and the
reading of the names recalls to my memory that
several of these petitions have been referred to me,
as a sub-committeeman of the Committee on Pen-
sions, and that they involve a principle which I
made an elaborate report against during the last
Congress, and which the Senate, by a very large
vote, sustained. Now, these vigilant claim agents
have observed the progress of this tiling; they see
that these claims are m my hands; they look for
an adverse report, and then they come, through
some Senator who is ignorant of the facts of the
case, and ask that they be withdrawn from the
files in order to take them out of my hands, and
transfer them to the other end of the Capitol. I
will not enter into an examination of the merits
of these claims I say they are without the
slightest color of law or justice, and involve a
principle which, if it is sustained by the Senate,
as it is sought to be sustainedby these petitioners,
will involve the Government in not less than ten
million dollars. Therefore I trust the motion will
not prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What are the claims ?
Mr. CLAY. They are claims for the amount
of pensions which might have been drawn by the
ancestors of these individuals, if they had pre-
ferred their claim to a pension during their lives,
which at least two Attorneys General of the Uni-
ted States have reported against, and which, I
think, have not the slightest color of la\^, either
in the spirit or the letter of the acts under which
they are claimed. I trust the motion will not
prevail.
Mr. POWELL. I will not press the motion.
I was not in the Senate, yesterday when the mo-
tion was made to withdraw these papers from the
files. The agent of the parties requested me this
morning to make a motion to have the committee
discharged, in order that he might have them
withdrawn from the files; but if any injury is to
result, directly or indirectly, to the Government,
I do not press the motion.
Mr. CLAY. I hope there will be a vote on it.
Mr. 1YERS0N. A word in justification of
myself. Yesterday, or some time ago, a gentle-
man, who is a claim agent of this city, and'who
has been an acquaintance and friend of mine for
a! number of years, and I believe an honorable, 1
man—at least 1 have so esteemed him—ask$d me
to have these papers withdrawn from the files, in
order that he might present them in the other
House. That was his object, as he stated. I in-
quired of him if any adverse reports had been
made in the cases. He informed me that there
had not been an adverse report. I understood the
rule of the Senate was, that when an adverse re-
port had been made, the paper could not be with-
drawn. I therefore acted on the supposition that
no adverse report had been made. I donolknow
whether any adverse report lias been made, or
not. The Senator from Alabama does not seem
to be certain of the fact whether adverse reports
have been heretofore made in the cases or not.
The objectionwhich he now urges to discharging
the committee, or to the withdrawal of the papers,
is that the papers are under the consideration of
a committee, and are in his hnnds, and that he
intends to make an adverse report. Now, I do
not know that the parties are not entitled to with-
draw their papers at any time, if there be no ad-
verse report actually made. They are not obliged
to wait until the committee act. They can with-
draw their papers, if they desire, and not press
their cases any further. Certainly, because a
man has putm his papers here, and they have
been referred to a committee, the Senator would
not shut the door on him, and say he shall not
withdraw them, if he chooses to withdraw them.
A man can discontinue his claim when he thinks
proper; and I do not think that the Senate has a
right to shut the door on him, and say he shall
not withdraw his papers, unless there has been
adverse action on the claim. If there has been
an adverse report, then, under the rule of the Sen-
ate, they cannot be withdrawn. I do not under-
stand the reason of that rule; but I understand
that it is the lule of the Senate.
I do not think the Senator from Alabama should
insist that these papers should remain in his hands,
with a view to make an adverse report, when the
parties desire to withdraw them from the consid-
eration of Congress. I do not think we ought to
act thus partially towards claimants, hut should
let them withdraw their papers when they chooSe.
They have that right at any time before there is
any adverse action.
I do not see any difficulty in the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky. The order was taken
yesterday that these papers bo withdrawn from
the files. Now, what is the operation of that
order? Is it suspended or superseded by the fact
that the papers liave been referred by the Senate
to a committee? The possession of the committee
is the possession of the Secretary; it is the pos-
session of the Senate; and, as a matter of course,
although the papers may be nominally, and in
fact, in possession of the committee, they are in
possession of the Senate, and may be considered
so, and may be withdrawn, so that the order made
yesterday seems to mcto apply. I should think
