APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
cess as their crimes have deserved. A number
of them are still under prosecution.
Our history proves that the fathers of the Re-
public, in advance of all other nations, condemned
the African slave trade. It was, notwithstanding1,
deemed expedient by the framcrs of the Constitu-
tion to deprive Congress of the power to prohibit
" the migration or importation of such persons as
any of the States now existing shall think proper
to admit" " prior to the year one thousand eight
hundred and eight."
It will be seen that this restriction on the power
of Congress was confined to such States only as
might think proper to admit the importation of
slaves. It did not extend to other States, or to
the trade carried on abroad. Accordingly, we find
that so early as the 22d March, 1794, Congress
passed an act imposing severe penalties and pun-
ishments upon citizens and residents of the United
States who should engage in this trade between
foreign nations. The provisions of this act were
extended and enforced by the act of 10th May,
1800.
Again: the States themselves had a clear right
to waive the constitutional privilege intended for
their-benefit, and to prohibit, by their own laws,
this trade, at any time they thought proper, pre-
vious to 1808. Several of them exerciser) this
right before that period, and among them some
containing the largest number of slaves. This
gave to Congress the immediate power to act in
regard to ail such States, because they themselves
had removed the constitutional barrier. Congress
accordingly passed an act on 28th February, 1803,
"to prevent the importation of certain persons
into certain States where, by the laws thereof,
their admission is prohibited." In this manner
the importation of African slaves into the United
States was,to agreatextent, prohibited some years
in advance of 1808.
As the year 1808 approached. Congress determ-
ined not to suffer tnis trade to exist even for a
single day after they had the power to abolish it.
£ On the 2d of March, 1807, they passed an act. to
take effect " from and after the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1808," prohibiting the importation of Afri-
can slaves into the United States. This was fol-
lowed by subsequent acts of a similar character,
to which I need not specially refer. Such were
the principles, and such the practice of our ances-
tors more than fifty, years ago, in regard to the
African slave trade.
It did not occur to the revered patriots who had
been delegates to the convention, and afterwards
became members of Congress, that in passing
these laws they had violated the Constitution
which they had framed with so much care and
deliberation. They supposed that to prohibit
Congress, in express terms, from exercising a
specified power before an appointed day, neces-
sarily involved the right to exercise this power
after that day had arrived.
If this were not the case, the framers of the
Constitution had expended much labor in vain.
Had they imagined that Congress would possess
no power to prohibit the trade either befoie or
after 1808, they would not have taken so much
care to protect the States against the exercise of
this power before that period. Nay, more, they
would not have attached such vast, importance to
this provision as to have excluded it from the pos-
sibility of future repeal or amendment, to which
other portions of the Constitution were exposed.
It would, then, have been wholly unnecessary to
ingraft on the fifth article of the Constitution,
prescribing the mode of its own future amend-
ment, the proviso, "that 110 amendment which
maybe made prior to the year 1808 shall, in any
manner, affect" the provision in the Constitution
securing to the States the right to admit the im-
portation of African slaves previous to that pe-
riod.
According to the adverse construction, the clause
itself, on which so much care and discussion had
been employed by the members of the convention,
was* an absolute nullity from the beginning, and
all that has since been done under it a mere usur-
pation.
it was well and wise to confer this power on
Congress*, because, had it been left to the States,
its efficient exercise would have been impossible.
In that-event, any one State could have effectually
continued the trade, not only for itself,but forall
the other slave States, though never so much
against their will. And why ? Because African
slaves, when once brought within the limits of any
one State, in accordance with its laws, cannot
practically be excluded from any other State where
slavery exists. And even if all the States had
separately passed laws prohibiting the importation
of slaves, these laws would have failed of effect
for want of a naval force to capture the slavers
and to guard the coasts. Such a force no State
can employ in time of peace without the consent
of Congress.
These acts of Congress,-it is believed, have,
with very rare and insignificant exceptions, ac-
complished their purpose. For aperiod of more
than half a century there has been no perceptible
addition to the number of our domestic slaves.
During this period their advancement in civiliza-
tion has far surpassed that of any other portion
of the African race. The light and the blessings
of Christianity have been extended to them, and
both their moral and physical condition has been
greatly improved.
Reopen the trade, and it would be difficult to
determine whether the effect would be more dele-
terious on the interests of the master or on those
of the native-born slave. Of the evils to the mas-
ter, the one most to be dreaded would be the in-
troduction of wild, heathen, and ignorant barba-
rians among the sober, orderly, and quiet slaves,
whose ancestors have been on the soil for several
generations. This might tend to barbaiize, de-
moralize, and exasperate the whole mass, and
producc most deplorable consequences.
The effect upon the existing slave would, if
possible, be still more deplorable. At present he
is treated with kindness and humanity. He is
well fed, well clothed, and not overworked. His
condition is incomparably better than that of the
coolies, which modern nations of high civiliza-
tion have employed as a substitute for African
slaves. Both the philanthropy and the self-in-
terest. of the master have combined to producc
this humane result. But let this trade be reopened,
and what will be the effect? The some, to a con-
siderable extent, as on a neighboring island—the
only spot now on earth where the African slave
trade is openly tolerated; and this in defiance of
solemn treaties with a Power abundantly able, at
any moment, to enforce their execution. There
the master, intent upon present gain, extorts from
the slave as much labor as his physical powers
are capableofenduring; knowingthat,whendeath
comes to his relief, hia place can be supplied at a
price reduced to the lowest point, by the compe-
tition of rival African slave traders. Should this
ever be the case in our country, which I do not
deem possible, the present useful charactcr of the
domestic institution, wherein those too old and
too young to work are provided for, with care
and humanity, and those capable of labor are not
overtasked, would undergo an unfortunate change.
The feeling of reeipiocal dependence and attach-
ment which now exists between master and slave
would be converted into mutual distrust and hos-
tility.
But wi |p obliged, as a Christian and moral
nation, tofonsidcr what would be the effect upon
unhappy Africaitself if we should reopen the slave
trade. This would give the trade an impulse and
extension which it has never had even m its palm-
iest days. The numerous victims required to sup-
ply it would eon\ert the whole slave coast into
a perfect Pandemonium, for which this country
would be held responsible in the eyes of both God
and man. Ita petty tribes would then be con-
stantly engaged m predatory wars against each
other for the purpose of seizing slaves to supply
the American market. All hopes of African civ-
ilization would thus be ended.
On the other hand, when a market for African
slaves shall no longer be furnished in Cuba, and
thus all the world be closed against this trade, we
may then indulge a reasonable hope for the grad-
ual improvement of Africa. The chief motive t)f
war among the tribes will cease whenever there
is no longer any demand for slaves. The re-
sources of that fertile but miserable country might
then be developed by the hand of industry and
afford subjects for legitimate foreign and domes-
tic commerce. In this manner Christianity and
civilization may gradually penetrate the existing
gloom.
The wisdom of the course pxirsued by this
Government towards China has been vindicated
by the event. Whilst we sustained a neutral po-
sition in the war waged by Great Britain and
France against the Chinese empire, our late Min-
ister, in obedience to his instructions, judiciously
cooperated with the Ministers of these Powers in
all peaceful measures to secure by treaty the just
concessions demanded by the interests of foreign
commerce. The result is, that satisfactory treaties
have been concluded with China by the respective
Ministers of the United States, Great Britain,
France, and Russia. Our "treaty, or general
convention of peace, amity, and commerce, "with
that empire, was concluded at Tientsin on the
18th June, 1858, and was ratified by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, on the 21st December following.
On the 15th December, 1858, John E. Ward, a
distinguished citizen of Georgia, was duly com-
missioned as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary to China. He left the United
States for the place of his destination on the 5th
of February, 1859, bearing with him the ratified
copy of this treaty, and arrived at Shanghai on
the 28th May. From thence he proceeded to
Pekin on the 16th June, but did not arrive in
that city until the 27th July. According to the
terms of the treaty the ratifications were to be ex-
changed on or before the 18th June, 1859. This
was rendered impossible by reasons and events
beyond his control, not necessary tg detail; but
still it is due to the Chinese authorities at Shang-
hai to state that they always assured him no ad-
vantage should be taken of the delay, and this
pledge has been faithfully redeemed.
On the arrival of Mr. Ward at Pekin, he re-
quested audience of the Emperor, to present his
letter of credencc. This he did not obtain, in con-
sequence of his very proper refusal to submit to
the humiliating ceremonies required by the eti-
quette of this strange people in approaching their
sovereign. Nevertheless, the interviews on this
question were conducted in the most friendly spirit
and with all due regard to his personal feelings,
and the honor of his country. When a presenta-
tion to his Majesty was found to be impossible,
the letter of credence from the President was re-
ceived with peculiar honors by Kweiliang, "the
Emperor's prime minister, and the second man in
the empire to the Emperor himself." The rati-
fications of the treaty were afterwards, on the 16th
of August, exchanged in proper form at Pei-tsang.
As the exchange did not take place until after the
day prescribed by the treaty, it is deemed proper,
before its publication, again to submit it to the
Senate.
It is but simple justice to the Chinese author-
ities to observe that throughout the whole trans-
action they appear to have acted in good faith,
and in a friendly spirit towards the United States.
It is true this has been done after their own pecu-
liar fashion; but we ought to regard with a lenient
eye the ancient customs of an empire dating back
for thousands of years, so far as this may be con-
sistent with our own national honor. The conduct
of our Minister on the occasion has received my
entire approbation.
In order to carry out the spirit of this treaty
and to give it full effect, it became necessary to
conclude two supplemental conventions—the one
for the adjustment and satisfaction of the claims
of our citizens, and the other to fix the tariff on
imports and exports, and to regulate the transit
duties and trade of our merchants with China.
This duty was satisfactorily performed by our late
Minister. These conventions bear date at Shang-
hai on the 8th November, 1858. Having been
| considered in the light of binding agreements sub-
sidiary to the principal treaty, and to be carried
into execution without delay, they do not provide
for any formal ratification or exchange of ratifi-
cations by the contracting parties. This was not
deemed necessary by the Chinese, who are already
proceeding in good faith to satisfy the claims of
our citizens, and, it is hoped, to carry out the
other provisions of the conventions. Still I thought
it was proper to submit them to the Senate, by
which they were ratified on the 3d March, 1859.
The ratified copies, however, did not reach Shang-
