3383'
THE CONCJ-RESSIOKAL GLOBS.
May 28,
ton in fifty-six hours, and from Kay West to
Charleston imforty-eight hours.
As to the importance of keeping tip this line, I
will only say that Congress has been overwhelmed
with petitions from every part of this country.
Some twenty-seven insurance offices of our north-
ern cities—embracing Philadelphia, New York,
Boston, and some cities east of that—a great many
petitions from the agents of underwriters and mer-
chants, both in the city of Havana and in the
United States, are upon your files, showing the
vast amount of information which this vessel
brings.- It may be said, too, that if you destroy
this-line you do away with all the mail facilities,
properly so speaking, to the island of Key West,
except a semi-monthly one from New Orleans to
Key West;for although there is a line established,
that line gets no pay, and it is not certain that it
will be run down through the interior of Florida;
and that district of country will be effectually
without a mail if the Isabel is taken off or some
other vessel is not put on in her place.
The Chambers of Commerce of Boston, New
York, Charleston, and Savannah, and fifteen in-
surance companies of Boston,and fifty merchants
and underwriters, and forty-eight presidents of
insurance companies and mertfhantsof Baltimore,
besides very numerous mercantile houses m New
York and elsewhere, in their petitions, go into
very lengthy details, to show you the advant-
ages which the mercantile community have de-
rived from this line. Now, whether the com-
mercial view of this question will weigh with
Congress in establishing a mail line or not, I will
not undertake to say. Whether we ought to be
influenced in making this an exception to all the
other lines of the United States, situated as the
island of Key West is, £ do not undertake to say.
If so, I presume it might very well come on the
Treasury. I would not object to that. But it is
worth observing, that the last Postmaster Gen-
eral, in his report, if I am not mistaken, did indi-
cate an opinion, or expressed it directly to Con-
gress, that this line ought to be made an exception.
1 have the language copied before me. In the
establishment of this line the United States had
some small reference to political considerations.
Those political considerations have not lost any
of their force. They are prominent still. To be
Bui'e the establishment of other steamers connect-
ing us with Cuba has provided for this, and the
establishment of this one line does lose some of
its force in the light proposed. It was supposed
that bringing the people of Cuba into close con-
nection with the United States was ail exceed-
ingly important matter to us. Our trade lias been
unquestionably largely increased by these mail
lines, and thej^urchases, which otherwise would
have been m Europe, have been made of goods in
the United States, to a very great extent. The
facility of commerce between the two countries
has undoubtedly caused an increase of this trade.
There are other points to which I will ask the
attention of the Senate when we come to consider
the amendment offered by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, which-contemplates placing both lines from
New Orlans to Key West, and from Charleston
to Key West, on tile same footing, and to give
$50,000 to both. I think I can satisfy the Senate
that that cannot be done.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, the hour having
arrived at which the Oregon and Washington war
debt bill was made the special order for to-day, I
move that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed, and the war debt bill taken up now,
according to the order of the Senate. It was made
the special order for this day at one o'clock. I
have waited the arrival of this hour with much
solicitude and great anxiety, for the bill to which
I refer is a matter in which our people are deeply
interested. I hope the Senate will now agree
to the postponement of this bill, and., take up
the one that was made the special order for this
hour.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better finish
the appropriation bill, and after we get that out
of the way, and send to the House the amend-
ments, if the Senator will move to take up the
bill, I will make no objection, I will not object
to his motion if he will wait until this is through
with; but as it is, I cannot vote for the nroposi-
tion to postpone the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr..Bright
in the chair,.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Oregon, to postpone the further
consideration of this bill and take up th6 bill (S.
No. 11) for the payment of the Oregon and Wash-
ington war debt.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I Would like to have the yeasand
nays upon it. I want to see whether Senators
intend to keep me out of the consideration of that
bill.
Several Senators. It is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairhad
announced the result of the vote.
Mr. PEARCE. There was one remark which
fell from the honorable Senator from Florida that
requires from me a very brief reply. The Sena-
tor intimated a belief that the committee were pre-
paring to drop their own amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator will allow
me, I thought that I Was quoting the words of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance when
I said so. I so understood him. If 1 was mis-
taken in that, I shall be very happy to correct
the error. I understood the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance to state that he would separate
the motion on striking out and inserting, and in-
dicating a willingness to get rid of the Isabel line
entirely.
Mr. HUNTER. Not at all. Our purpose is
to offer the proposition of the Committee on Fi-
nance in another place in the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I misunderstood him
in that case.
Mr. PEARCE. I so stated in the course of
my remarks. That was our object, to have a vote
taken separately on the motion to strike out, and
then on the motion to insert, which we made. I
have no doubt the committee agreed, for all
agreed to it who were present, to submit the prop-
osition for reestablishing this route, open to com-
petition by bidders.
Now, sir, nothing has been said by the Sena-
tor from Florida which differs at all from the
statement made by me. I admitted the value of
this service, particularly in a commercial point of
view. I know its utility to my own commercial
people of Baltimore. I know that they get letters
from Cuba much quicker than by other service,
and I am not indisposed at all to renew the route.
I gave my concurrence to the amendment, and I
shall vote for it in this body. The only differ-
ence between the Senator and myself is just this;
he wants this thing by direction of Congress; that
is to say, he wants the contractgiven to the owner
of the Isabel by direction of Congress. I want it
to be, as other services are, subject to competition,
and to be taken by the lowest bidder, who will
perform the service upon equal terms; that is all.
If he is right in ins supposition of the facts of the
case, the Isabel will get it. If he is wrong about
it, the Isabel ought not to have it. If the same
service can be done by other vessels equally good,
and upon equally satisfactory terms at less price,
then the Isabel ought not to have it.
Mr. MALLORY. I have but a word in reply.
I have simply indicated the reasons which influ-
enced the House in keeping the word "Isabel "
in. The Senator must not understand them as
my own convictions about it. I said, expressly, I
had never voted for special legislation.
Mr. HAMMOND. I should be very sorry,
Mr. President, to advocate on this floor anything
that would look like a special monopoly conferred
upon any party in a pecuniary point of view, or
an expenditure exceeding the revenue; but in this
particular case I advocate both, and, I think, upon
high and sound principles. I propose that the
Isabel shall be named in this matter, and that the
route shall be given to the Isabel itself, and I put
it upon this footing—that the Government ought
always to preserve faith. Faith and honor, after
all, are the highest principles upon which Govern-
ments or individuals can act. I think the Gov-
ernment ought not to avail itself of any accident
or any technicality, but fairly and fully maintain
its faith.
Now, sir, this steamer Isabel was constructed
under the act to which the Senator from Florida
has alluded, and made a war vessel, inspected and
accepted as such,and in order to make it such,it
was not, strictly speaking, a commercial vessel.
It is a vessel unfit for the ordinary avenues of com-
merce. It is not made specially to carry freight.
It could not be converted into anything else but
the very particular vessel thai it is, and it was
made such to meet the requisitions of the Govern-
ment, with the understanding that it was to have
this contract of $50,000 a year. Now, sir, if the
motion I have made should fall, I should certainly
demand that a vessel of this saiac class, under the
same schedule, and no other vessel, should be
authorized to bid for this ronce; for this is a spe-
cialty, and the faith of the' Government is con-
cerned in it. For that reason, I go for the con-
tinuance of the Isabel.
I go for paying the Isabel more than the reve-
nue derived from her service, not simply from the
commercial considerationswhich 1 urged lastyear,
which the Senator from Florida has just urged,
and which I think vastly important; but we must
have postal accommodations throughout this coun-
try. In the newer States, where there are public
lands and various other things, by which the Gov-
ernment touches individuals in many points; but
in the older States, the only way we know the Gov-
ernment, the only way in which we ever come in
contact with the Government is by its mail facili-
ties. We pay our taxes—we do not know them—
through the imposts upon importations. We get
no internal improvements; We get nothing at all j-
and the only way by which we recognize our-
selves as members of this Confederacy is through
the postal facilities. It is absurd to say, that be-
cause a route does not pay, therefore it is to be
reduced or discontinued. It is the duty of this
Government to make the routes that do pay, pay
for the routes that do not pay, to establish the postal
accommodations throughout this broad land.
Now, sir, the fallacy that rests at the -bottom
of this whole thing, and complicates all our pro-
ceedings about this matter—it is not a fallacy,
simply, I go further, it is a preposterous folly,is
to think of your penny postage in such a country
as this. We arealways imitating England,and we
have tried now to imitate her on about the same
principle that the frog attempted to swell itself
into an ox. England has a penny postage; but
she has a population of between two hundred and
fifty and three hundred inhabitants to the square
mile. That is her condition. With a small ter-
ritory, not near so large as many of our States,
scarcely seven hundred miles from John O'Groat's'
to Land's End, she there, on a little over one
hundred thousand square miles, has thirty mil-
lions of people—as large a population as this
country. A penny postage would do there. We
have but a population of ten to a square mile. Is
it possible to support a penny postageunder such
circumstances as that? Is it not the ridiculous
and preposterous attempt of the frog to swell
itself mto the ox ?
Mr. President, you must go back to the decrease
of postages. Under the act of 1845, when the
postages were reduced considerably, the increase-
of letters prevented any great reduction of the'
revenue; the deficiencies were not much greater
under that system than they had been under pre-
ceding, varying from twenty-five to one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars a year. I think the de-
ficiencies from 1845 to 1851 were on no occasion
larger than $150,000. They certainly did notaver-
age $100,000 from that reduction; but when, in
1851, you brought the postage down to nothing,
then you began to count the deficiencies by mil-
lions. It is perfectly clear that the postages now
should be at least double,if not treble. There is
no other way to carry on our postal system,unless
you intend to increase the tariff and impose it upon
other branches of industry. A postage tax is the
fairest of all taxes, perhaps, in the world. It is a
direct tax, which necessarily is the fairest tax. It
is a tax that is voluntary. No man is bound to
pay a copper of the postage tax. It is a tax upon
his business; upon his pleasure; upon his affec-
tions; upon his intercourse with the rest of the
world; and there is no sort of obligation on any
man in this broad land to pay one copper by the
postal system into the public Treasury; yetwhen
a man wants to pay, when a man is willing to pay
it, there is no tax that he pays so cheerfully as
the postages on his letters. There is none that
he pays so willingly; and therefore I think it is
the fairest and the most equal of all taxes that
could be possibly imposed upon a people, and-
the Government ought to-raise the postages to
such an amount as would sustain the system.
The motion of the Senator from Maryland has
thrown out of place the amendment offered by
the Senator from Louisiana on Saturday, which
