1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Bbps.
hai until after the departure of our Minister to
Pekin, and these conventions could not, there-
fore, be exchanged at the same time with the prin-
cipal treaty. No doubt is entertained that they
will be ratified and exchanged by the Chinese
Government, should this be" thought advisable;
but, under the circumstances presented, I shall
consider them binding engagements from their
date on both parties, and cause them to be pub-
lished as such for the information and guidance
of our merchants trading with the Chinese empire.
It affords me much satisfaction To inform you
that all our difficulties with the Republic of Para-
guay have been satisfactorily adjusted. It hap-
pily did not become necessary to employ the force
for this purpose which Congress had'placed at
my command, under their joint resolution of 2d
June, 1858. On the contrary, the President of that
Republic, in a friendly spirit, acceded promptly
to the just and reasonable demands of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Our Commissioner
arrived at Assumption, the capital of the Repub-
lic, on the 25th of January, 1859, and left it on
the 17th of February, having in three weeks ably
and successfully accomplished all the objects of
his mission. The treaties which he has concluded
will be immediately submitted to the Senate.
In the view that the employment of other than
peaceful means might become necessary to obtain
"just satisfaction" from Paraguay, a strong naval
force was concentrated in the waters of the La
Plata to await contingencies, whilst our Commis-
sioner ascended the rivers to Assumption. The
Navy Department is entitled to great credit for the
promptness, efficiency, and economy with which
this expedition was fitted out and conducted. It
consisted of nineteen armed vessels, great and
small, carrying two hundred gunsand twenty-five
hundred men, all under the command of the vet-
eran and gallant Shubrick. The entire expenses
of the expedition have been defrayed out of the
ordinary appropriations for the naval service, ex-
cept the sum of $289,000, applied to the purchase
of seven of the steamers, constituting a part of it,
under the authority of the naval appropriation act
of the 3d March last. It is believed that these
steamers are worth more than their cost, and they
are all now usefully and actively employed mthe
naval service.
The appearance of so large a force, fitted out in
such a prompt manner, in the far distant waters
of the La Plata, and the admirable conduct of the
officers and men employed itj it, have had a happy
effect in favor of our country throughout alHhat
remote portion of the world.
Our relations with the great empires of France
and Russia, as well as with all other Governments
on the continent of Europe, unless we may ex-
cept that of Spain, happily continue to be of the
most friendly character.
In my last annual message I presented a state-
ment of the unsatisfactory condition of our rela-
tions with Spain; and I regret to say that this has
not materially improved. Without special refer-
ence to other claims, even the " Cuban claims,"
the payment of which has been ably urged by our
Ministers, and in which more than a hundred of
our citizens are directly interested, remain unsat-
isfied, notwithstanding both their justice and their
amount ($128,635 54) had been recognized and
ascertained by the Spanish Government itself.
I again recommend that an appropriation be
made"" to be paid to the Spanish Government for
the purpose of distribution among the claimants
in the Amistad case." In common with two of
my predecessors, 1 entertain no doubt that this
is required by our treaty with Spain of the 27th
October, 1795. The failure to discharge this
obligation has been employed by the cabinet of
Madrid as a reason against the settlement of our
claims.
T need not repeat the arguments which I urged
in my last annual message in favor of the acqui-
sition of Cuba by fair purchase. My dpinions on
that measure remain unchanged. I therefore again
invite the serious attention of Congress to this im-
portant subject. Without a recognition of this
policy on their part, it will be almost impossible
to institute negotiations with any reasonable pros-
pect of success.
Until a recent period there was good reason to
believe that I should be able to announce to you
on the present occasion that our difficulties with
Great Britain, arising out of the Clayton and Bul-
wer treaty, had been finally adjusted in a manner
alike honorable and satisfactory to both parties.
From causes, however, which the British Gov-
ernment had not anticipated, they have not yet
completed treaty arrangements with the Republics
of Honduras and Nicaragua, in pursuance of the
understanding between the two Governments. It
is, nevertheless, confidently expected that this
good work will ere long be accomplished.
Whilst indulging the hope that no other subject
remained which could disturb the good under-
standing between the two countries, the question
arising out of the adverse claims of the parties to
the Island of San Juan, under the Oregon treaty
of the 15th of June, 184G, suddenly assumed a
threatening prominence. In order to prevent un-
fortunate collisions on that remote frontier, the
late Secretary of State, on the 17th of July, 1855,
addressed a note to Mr. Crampton, then British
Minister at Washington, communicating to him a
copy of the instructions which he [Mr. Marcy]
had given, on the 14th July, to Governor Stevens,
of Washington Territory, having a special refer-
ence to an 54 apprehended conflict between our cit-
izens and the British subjects on the Island of San
Juan." To prevent this, the Governor was in-
structed " that the officers of the Territory should
abstain from ail acts on the disputed grounds
which are calculated to provoke any conflicts, so
far as it can be done without implying the con-
cession to the authorities of Great Britain of an
exclusive right over the premises. The title oughts
to be settled before either party should attempt to
exclude the other by force, or exercise complete
and exclusive sovereign rights within the fairly-
disputed limits."
In acknowledging the receipt on the next day of
Mr. Marcy's note, the British Minister expressed
his entire concurrence "in the propriety of the
course recommended to the Governor of Wash-
ington Territory by your [Mr. Marcy V] instruc-
tions to that officer," and stating that he had "lost
no time in transmitting a copy of that document
to the Governor-General of British North Amer-
ica, "and had " earnestly recommended to his Ex-
ccllency to take such measures as to him may ap-
pear best calculated to secure, on the part of the
British local authorities and the inhabitants of the
neighborhood of the line in question, the exercise
of the same spirit of forbearance which is incul-
cated by you [Mr. Marcy] on the authorities and
citizens of the United States."
Thus matters remained upon the faith of this
arrangement until the 9th of July last, when Gen-
eral Harney paid a visit to the island. He found
upon it twenty-five American residents with their
families, and also an establishment of the Hud-
son's Bay Company for the purpose of raising
sheep. A short time before his arrival one of
these residents had shot an.animal-bolonging to
the company, whilst trespassing upon his prem-
ises, for which, however, he offered to pay twice
its value; but that was refused. Soon after " the
chief factor of the company at Victoria, Mr. Dal-
les, son-in-law of Governor Douglas, came to the
island in the British sdoop-of-war Satellite, and
threatened to take " this American (Mr. Cutler)
by force to Victoria, to answer for the trespass he
had committed. The American seized his rifle
and told Mr. Dalles if any such attempt was made
he would kill him on the spot. The affair then
ended."
Under these circumstances, the American set-
tlers presented a petition to the general, " through
the United States inspector ofcustoms,Mi. liubbs,
to place a force upon the island, to protect them
from the Indians as well as the oppressive inter-
ference of the authorities of the Hudson Bay
Company, at Victoria, with their rights as Amer-
ican citizens." The general immediately re-
sponded to this petition, and ordered Captain
George E. Pickett, ninth infantry, "to establish
his company on Bellevue, or San Juan Island, on
some suitable position near the harbor j, at the south-
eastern extremity." Tins oider was promptly
obeyed, and a military post was established at
the place designated The force was afterwards
increased, so that, by the- last return, the whole
number of troops then on the island amounted
in the aggregate to six hundred and ninety-one
men.
Whilst I do not deem it proper on the present
occasion to go further into the subject, and dis-
cuss the weight which ought to be attached to the
statements of the British colonial authorities, con-
testing the accuracy of the information on which
the gallant general ad^d, it was due to him that
I should present his own reasons for issuing the
order to Captain Pickett. From these it is quite
clear his object was to prevent the British author-
ities on Vancouver's Island from exercising juris-
diction over American residents on the Island of
San Juan, as well as to protect them against the
incursions of the Indians.
Much excitement prevailed for some time
throughout that region, and serious danger of
collision between the parties was apprehended.
The British had a large naval force m the vicin-
ity; and it is but an act of simple justice to the
admiral on that station to state that he wisely and
discreetly forbore to commit any hostile act, but
determined to refer the whole affair to his Gov-
ernment and await their instructions.
This aspect of the matter, in my opinion, de-
manded serious attention. It would have been
a great calamity for both nations had they been
precipitated intoacts of hostility, not on the ques-
tion of title to the island, but merely concerning
what should be its condition during the interven-
ing period whilst the two Governments might be
employed in settling the question to which oi them
it belongs. For this reason, Lieutenant General
Scott was dispatched, on the 17th September last,
to Washington Territory to take immediate com-
mand of the United States forces on the Pacific
coast, should he deem this ncccssary. The main
object of his mission was to carry out the spirit
of the precautionary arrangement between the
late Secretary of State and the British Minister,
and thus to preserve the peace and prevent col-
lision between the British and American authori-
ties, pending the negotiations between the two
Governments. Entertaining no doubt of the va-
lidity of our title, I need scarcelyadd that,in any
event, American citizens were to be placed on a
footing at least as favorable as that of British
subjects, it being understood that Captain Pick-
ett's company should remain on the island. It is
proper to observe that, considering the distance
from the scene of action, and in ignorance of what
might have transpired on the spot before the gen-
eral's arrival, it was ncccssary to leave much to
his discretion; and i am happy to say that the
event has proved that this discretion could not
have been intrusted to more competent hands.
General Scott has recently returned from his mis-
sion, having successfully accomplished its objects,
and there is no longer any good reason to appre-
hend a collision between the forces of the two
countries during the pendency of the existing ne-
gotiations.
I regret to inform you that there has been no
improvement m the affairs of Mexico since my
last annual message, and I am again obliged to
ask the earnest attention of Congress to the un-
happy condition of that Republic.
The constituent Congress of Mexico, which
adjourned on the 17th of February, 1857, adopted
a constitution and provided for a popularelection.
This took place in the following July, [1857,] and
General Comonfort was chosen President, almost
wifhout opposition. At the same election a new
Congress was chosen, whose first session com-
menced on the ICth of September, [1857.] By
the constitution of 1857 the piesidential term was
to begin on the 1st of December, [1857,] and con-
tinue for four years. On that day General Com-
onfort appeared before the assembled Congress in
the city of Mexico, took the oath to support tho
new constitution, and was duly inaugurated as
President. Within a month afterwards he had
been driven from the capital, and a military re-
bellion had assigned the supreme power of the
Republic to General Zuloaga. The constitution
provided that in the absence of the Pie&ident hia
office should devolve upon the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court, and, General Comonfort having
leftthe country, this functionary, General Juarez,
proceeded to form, at Guanajuato, a constitutional
