1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
especially one who fought in the Revolution, he
can find a thousand reasons for not believing any-
thing. But the Senator says there is no evi-
dence in the Department. There is no evidence in
the Department that there ever was such a ship,
because the muster-roll and everything of the kind
were lost, and never sent there. That is the reason
why this claim of service had to be supported by
the testimony of living witnesses; and was it not
so with a great many of those ships ? There never
were any papers. They did not light on paper in
those times; but everybody knows there was such
a ship, and such a commander, and that she was
captured. That is as notorious as it is that there
was a war atthat time. This ship is as well known
as if every paper was in the Department. It is
known that she was there and captured. The
history of the country shows it; and these men
were there, and a great many of them got their
claims; they swore that they got them, and were
paid off, just as this man asks to be paid off.
On the question of interest, I will make just one
remark: that it is not proposed to pay from the
time this man made his claim to Congress, but
from the time lie made his proof and Congress ad-
mitted it, and one House passed a bill and agreed
to pay the money. I call that making out a claim.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Hunter, resulted—yeas
20, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Tiragi;, Bright, Crown, Clay, Olingman,
Fit7,patrick, Green, (>win. Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Pcaice, l'olk, Powell,
Saulsbtiry, Sebastian, Thomson, Trumbull, and Wilkin-
son—-2U.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Emgliain, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Diukce, f'essendea, Foot,' Hamlin, Iverson,
Nicholson, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, and Wade—IS.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas ami ways were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
AARON II. PALMER.
The bill (S. No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer was road a second time anil considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
paymenttoAaronli.Palmerof thesum of §3,000,
m full compensation for his labor and research in
collecting information, and preparing the same for
the use of the Government, relative to the oriental
nations, ami particularly Japan.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment
Mr. BRAGG. Itis, perhaps, rather ungracious
to oppose a private bill here after it has been re-
ported by the appropriate committee; and this
bill does not propose to appropriate a very largo
amount—$3,000; but as one of the Committee on
Claims, I think it proper to state to the Senate
that I examined the case very thoroughly, and I
did not concur in the report. I think all the ser-
vices which are proposed to be paid for were
entirely voluntary. 1 am not disposed to go into
the matter unless gentlemen desire me to do so.
I think the bill ought not to pass. I think it
would be a very bau precedent.
Mr. SAIJLSBURY. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. Piesident, I confess some
little surprise at the opposition that is manifested
to this claim. I cannot but regard it as meritori-
ous a claim as stands upon your Calendar. It has
been regarded as a just and equitable claim by
every committee of' either House of Congress
who have examined the subject. This very bill
passed the Senate at the last Congress without
a dissenting voice. It wentto theHouse of Rep-
resentatives and received a favorable, and, as I
understand, unanimous report from the Commit-
tee of Claims in that body; but was not reached
upon the Calendar, and for that reason failed of
meeting the concurrence of the House. The re-
' port, which is a readoption of the report of the
Committee on Claims at the last Congress, sets
forth briefly the grounds of the claim. Mr.
Palmer had devoted many years to the collection
am! collation of important information and statis-
ics in relation to the geography and productive
•resources, trade, and commerce, of certain inde-
pendent oriental nations in the eastern and north-
eastern portion of Asia, including Japan, and
othef Asiatic islands on that coast. This inform-
ation he communicated to the executive Govern-
ment here, in a series of papers addressed, from
time to time, to the President and heads of De-
partments, with suggestions as to the best means
of malting the trade of those countries available
to American commerce. These communications
were transmitted to Congress, at different times,
by the President and heads of Departments, and
were ordered to be published in extra numbers;
thus bearing the testimony of Congress to the
value and importance of the information.
But that is'not all. We do not rest this claim
on these facts. From the report it appears, Mr.
President, that early in 1848 Mr. Palmer came
from the city of New York to Washington, at the
solisitation of Mr. Walker, then Secretary of the
Treasury, for the purpose of aiding in promoting
the action of Congress in carrying out the views
and suggestions contained in those documents, and
for the purpose of revising and correcting the proof-
sheets of the papers which had been ordered to be
published; and also for the further purpose of pre-
paring a large outline map of those countries; which
was also published by order of Congress. In this
way, and at the request of the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Palmer was employed for a period
of between eight and nine months.
Again, in 1850, ceitain resolutions were pre-
sented to the Senate by the honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] then chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, which were adopted, calling
on the Secretary of State for information respecting
the barbarous treatment of shipwrecked American
seamen on the coast of Japan, and for information
in respect to those independent oriental nations
and their capabilities for a profitable American
commerce. In preparing the communication in
answer to these resolutions, the Secretary ofState,
Mr. Clayton, availed himself of the aid of Mr.
Palmer, as a gentleman having a more extended
and intimate knowledge of those subjects than
probably any other American citizen. In this ser-
vice Mr. Palmer was employed for the period of
between three and four months. He, in fact, pre-
pared and wrote out the whole of the communi-
cation in answer to the second inquiry contained
m the "Scries of resolutions, which was communi-
cated by a message from Mr. Clayton to the Sen-
ate; that portion of the communication covering
some eight hundred and fifty pages of manuscript.
Mr. Clayton, in that message, said:
" The second poition [of tile answer] compiises a series
of valuable documents compiled with qrcat leseateh and
industry by A-uon II. rainier, Esq., of New York, and com-
municated at different periods by him to the Department of
State; the whulc accompanied "by a chait of the principal
maritime countries of the ICast. These papers, it is be-
lieved, will be found to contain a great amount of useful
leeent information respecting the independent oriental na-
tions, and their capabilities lor a profitable American com-
merce."
Again, sir, in 1852, at the request of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the memorialist had several
conferences with Commodore Perry, to whom he
furnished copies of Ins " plan for opening Ja-
pan," and to whom he imparted other information
deemed to be important and useful in the execu-
tion of the expedition to Japan, then about to be
undertaken under lus immediate command. Mr.
Clayton, in presenting the memorial of Mr. Pal-
mer to the Senate, in 1855, took occasion to say,
that lie "believed lie was entitled to more credit
for getting up the Japan expedition than any other
man; that he had thrown more light on it, and
given more information on the subject to the State
Department and the Congress of the United States
than any one else."
But now, Mr. President, it is not for time and
labor expended in procuring this information; it
is not for communicating this information to the
executive Government at Washington; nor is it
in consideration of the conceded value and im-
portance of this information, that compensation is
asked. It is for time and labor and expenses
here at Washington, at the request, as Mr. Clay-
ton himself bears testimony, of " three different
Secretaries," and at different times, in connection
with this subject, that soriie reasonable remuner-
ation is sought. Is he not entitled to it on every
principle of justice and equity? I do not assert
that the claim rests in express contract; but I do
undertake to assert that it rests in an implied
understanding; an implied obligation, for services
actually rendered—rendered, too,at the requestof
your chief executive officers; and services deemed
by them important and valuable, and for which
he has never received a dollar. It rests upon the
same principle upon which we make extra allow-
ances for extra services generally; upon the same
principle on which we make extra allowances for
extra services to Government officers under salary;
and shall we not make compensation to a private
citizen not under salary, for services rendered,
and expenses incurred in our employment, for
our benefit, and at our request?
More than this, sir: while we have made an
extra allowance of §20,000 to^ the distinguished
commander of the Japan expedition, the late Com-
modore M. C. Perry—a name intimately associ-
ated with the glory of the American Navy; its
glory alike in war and in peace; intimately asso-
ciated with its early triumphs in war upon Lake
Erie, and with its later triumphs in peace in the
far distant empire of Japan—after all this, shall
we hesitate to make some small remuneration to
the private citizen who is acknowledged to have,
been chiefly, or at least largely, instrumental in
preparing the way for that expedition ? Shall we
hesitate to make some slight pecuniary recogni-
tion of the value and importance of these services,
rendered in our behalf and at our solicitation ? I
hope not, sir; and I confidently trust that this bill
will receive again, as it has heretofore received,
the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I shall be obliged to the Senator
if he will tell me how the Government has profited
by the information given by this gentleman. He
speaks of profitable trade with Japan. The
Treasury report does not show what that trade
is, and 1 shall be very much gratified 
Mr. FOOT. I repeated but the language of the
report of Mr. Clayton at the time.
Mr. CLAY. That only shows that, if the Treas-
ury report is correct, that language was merely
complimentary. It was spoken in a Pickwickian
sense.
Mr. BRAGG. I do not know that I should
have said anything further than what I have said
in relation to this case, but for the eloquent re-
marks of my colleague upon the Committee on
Claims on the other side of the Chamber, [Mr.
Foot.] But, as I understand the claim set up by
Mr. Palmer to payment in a very different light
from that of my honorable friend on the other
side, I think it due to myself, and perhaps to
others, that I should state the reasons which
brought me to my conclusion.
I look upon this as a claim founded, if upon
anything, upon voluntary action on the part of
the claimant, and that not sought for (at least in
a large majority of the cases for which claim is
made) by any Department of the Government. I
believe Mr. Palmer is an old acquaintance of the
Senate. He has been here in some shape or other
for a long time—I think for nearly sixteen years,
from what I can perceive on looking back at the
debates in regard to various propositions he has
had before the Senate. He has certainly been
here since 1846, at least, in one shape or other;
and I wTish to inform members of the Senate—no
doubt many of the older members arc aware of
the fact—of the various postures in which he has
presented himself, and for what purposes he has
presented himself here; for I think it ought to
have a material bearing on the decision of this
matter by the Senate.
These papers having been handed to me for
examination, as one of the Committee on Claims,
I took occasion to copy the points made, and very
briefly made, by his counsel, or by himself, as to
the services for which lie claims compensation.
The Senator from Vermont has stated a part of
them—those, perhaps, which he thinks are most
meritorious; but he has stated only two of them,
I believe; and I beg to call the attention of the
Senate to the claim as presented by the claimant
himself. First, he s$ys that in 1846 he addressed
a letter to the Hon. Chailes J. Ingersoll, chair-
man of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs,
in relation to the commerce and resources of the
eastern nations. Second, he enlarged and revised
it, and sent a copy of it to Mr. Buchanan, then
Secretary of State, in the same year; which was
sent to the Speaker of the House, and was re-
ferred and printed.
Now, sir, I will merely remark, in going along,
