426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. DAYIS, I venture to say, without having
any conference with the gentlemen who arranged
the committees, that if he was dropped, it was for
no reason personal to him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. J presume so.
Mr. DAYIS. Hut it was only in the arrange-
ment of committees, to distribute them as equally
as possible over the whole number of Democratic
Senators. I have never had myself that sort of
interest in the arrangement of committees which
others manifest. I always look on exemption
from a committee as a privilege.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So do I.
Mr. DAVIS. I always considered it was
merely saving you that amount of labor. 1 am
on three committees now, and I am ready to go
off either of them any day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I reciprocate that sentiment
perfectly.
Mr. DAVIS. Why then should there be this
controversy about the Senator's position upon
the Committee on Territories? It has no value
here; it is understood here; it is a small thing
here; it js an ordinary thing here. I might have
quoted the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hami.in,]
in conncction with my reference to Mr. Benton's
conduct on a former occasion. lie had been put
at the head of a committee by the Democratic
party. He ceased to affiliate with the Democratic
jmrty because of difference on a particular ques-
tion He then said:
" I do not wish to retain thin position; Jam no longer
in the condition I occupied at the tunc you conferred it on
mo. I resign it.,J
It is not an extraordinary proceeding. It has
received importance in this case from the attention
that has been directed to it. It would have passed
by like any other occurrence of similar importance,
if no attention had been directed to it.
I do not know whether the Senator, in appeal-
ing to those two thirds whom he says were liable
to be-proscribed, means to say that there is the
party that were to keep him m as chairman of
the Committee on Territories. I have some faith,
however, that in the good sense of the Democracy
of the country, they will believe that the Senate
can arrange its own committees, and that it haw
justifiable reasons for any change it makes.
Then, why this idea that somebody is likely to
be clectcd who will court the votes of a particular
class m the country, and then turn round to sac-
rifice them for their opinions ? The Senator him-
self is aware that we did not objcct to him upon
any other committee. Why, then, does he sup-
pose any person in the Senate, or any person of
similar character out of it, would object to any
Democrat for an office winch did not involve that
particular point? 1 certainly, for one, am ready
to say that I should not vote to confirm a person
holding these opinions* to go to a Territory, there
to act as a jud^e or a marshal ora Governor; but
1 should have no objection to voting for his con-
firmation as marshal of a State or postmaster or
jud^c of the district court—any of the olliees to
which the case did not belong. To illustrate still
further: I should object to any man being a district
attorney or district judge whose constitutional
opinions or whose conscientious feelings would
not allow him to execute the fugitive slave law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course.
Mr. DAVIS. He would be unfit for the place.
If he was a gentleman, he would not accept it;
he would iocTthat lie could not do his duty mthe
place, and lie would refuse to hold it. It amounts
merely to this: that, when? there is a difference
between Democrats in opinion upon a particular
point, that marks a particular position to which
he is not suited, if a majority of the party differ
from him. Then, why this attempt to discrim-
inate between northern and southern Democratic
Senators? if there is anything which draws the
Democratic party near to my heart and makes
me proud of it, it is the hope, was recently the
conviction, that there is but one sentiment from
one end of the Union to the other pervading that
gicat body-politic. Why, then, this attempt to
array Democrats of one section against those of
the other? If we are divided by geographical
linos, if opinions are to be determined by latitude
and longitude, and not by reference to the great
charter of our political liberty, the party has no
value; and, whenever that is so, I am ready to
cease to be numbered with it.
But, sir, proud as i have been of the large vote
which the Democratic candidate received in the
northern States numerically, exceeding by far the
votes given to him in the South, I must say that
they contributed but little to elect him to the
Presidency. It is the electoral votes which are to
be counted in that contest. The Senator from
Illinois, looking forward to the case which he has
himself supposed, and which otherwise I should
not refer to, of being the nominee at Charleston,
must count the number of electoral votes that he
can get; and in that view of the case, the southern
States rise to an importance not to be measured
by the numerical standard he presents.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am glad *to hear you on
that point, for we stand on the same footing in
that respect: The convention of Mississippi has
acted, as well as other conventions. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, (after a pause.) Oh! I did not
know what the Senator was at. [Laughter.] As
for me, I am one of the rank and file.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So am I. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Weil, let it go.
Mr. CLAY. Just a word in reply to what fell
from the Senator from Illinois. 1 have discovered
that I overrated his, and he underrated my De-
mocracy. I am willing to drop the controversy
between us by conceding that we are both mis-
taken. The Senator, however, instead of reply-
ing as was due to himself and to me, diverted the
issue between us to a matter entirely extraneous
to this debate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I gave notice that 1 should
not reply to any charges at this time. That is the
reason I passed them.
Mr. CLAY. I stated to the Senator that when
he made bold to assert in this presence that he had
never changed his opinion, he either said too
much, or I would never have extended to him the
right hand of fellowship as a Democrat. I gave
as my reasons that he had voted for the Wilmot
proviso; that he had voted for an amendment to
the Utah and Isrew Mexico bills, inhibiting the-
Territorial Legislatures from passing laws for the
protection of property in slaves; that he had voted
against an amendment conferiing on them the
power to protect that like all other property, and
I said and repeat, that if I had not supposed he
had changed his opinions of the constitutional
power of Congress to prohibit slavery, I should
not have extended to him the right hand of fellow-
ship. Those were the circumstances. I do not
doubt that my constituents unanimously sustain
me in the sentiment implied by that declaration.
But the Senator diverts the issue between us to
another which was wholly extraneous, and I think
very unbecoming; because, without the slightest
unkindness to the Senator, it argued some of that
vanity which had been imputed to him, and against
which I was defending him. He turns to the
Charleston convention—the ocean to the rivers of
his thoughts—and he brings to notice the fact that
I had avowed that 1 would not supporthim on his
platform as the nominee of the party, and, there-
fore, he says it docs not become me to set myself
up as a true Democrat, and that he may well com-
pare records with me. Now, sir, here is the dif-
ference between the Senator and myself; my test
of Democracy is fidelity to principle, his test of
Democracy seems to be fealty to party. While
I profess to bo a member of the Democratic party,
I claim to be a freeman, and never to have surren-
dered my right to think for myself, or to have
transferred my conscience to the keeping of a ma-
jority of the party. I am not the serf of the Dem-
ocratic party. I think there are occasions when
patriotism is paramount to party. 1 think there
are occasions when a man who is faithful to his
countiy and to his conscience must repudiate even
the acts of a majority of his partv. It was be-
cause of my greater fidelity to principle than to
party, to the Constitution of my country than to
party nominees, to truth than to expediency, that
i made those declarations. I did not intend to
obtrude themuponthe Senate, and I regret that the
Senator has done so.
He did not stop at that, but he indicated, I
thought very distinctly, not only an utter indiffer-
ence to my vote, which would neither confer any
honor upon him, if given to him, nor do him any
dishonor if refused; but he went further, and, if
I understood him aright, he did not think that my
opposition to him would diminish his vote in the
State of Alabama. That is another illustration of
what I have often heard imputed to the Senator—
a disposition to compare his strength with the
representatives of other States of this Union, and
to arrogate a greater power over those States than
tlfcir own representatives possessed. That is a
question between us, raised by the Senator, which
time will decide. If, however, he had been as ob-
servant of the public demonstrations within my
State as I have been, if he had looked more to
Alabama and less to Charleston, I think he would
have discovered that I am sustained by a very
large majority of the party there; and I think the
events that are transpiring there this day will sat-
isfy him of this fact. With this explanation, I
am willing to play quits with the Senator, or to
continue to bandy words or arguments as he may
choose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can assure the Senator
from Alabama that the good temper and taste with
which lie has replied to me disarms me, even if 1
had the disposition (which I have not) to continue
a controversy with him. I will only say a word
to him. I did not expect that the Senator would
repeat again, because I thought sonic one would
whisper to him, and tell him the injustice he was
doing me about the vote on the Wilmot proviso.
The record shows that I protested against it at
the time, before it was given, and after it was given,
and said it was the vote of my State and not my
own vote, and hence that is not an exception to
my statement that I had not changed my opin-
ions on the territorial question.
Mr. CLAY. I did not mean to do the Senator
any injustice. I ought to have said and intended
to say that he did avow that he gave that vote in
accordance with instructions; but, at the same
time, it is due to myself as well as to the Senator
to say that he did declare, and I do not see how
he could have done otherwise, that he was not
prepared to deny the power of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories. I say the Sena-
tor was bound to make that declaration, because
he could not with due respect to himself as a man
and as one having regard for the obligations of the
Constitution, which he had swom to support, give
that vote unless he believed it was constitutional.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did make that statement,
but I will toll you why I made it. Every south-
ern man on this floor had just \oted with me for
the extension of the Missouri compromise line to
Pacific ocean, which prohibited slavery in more
than half of the territory of the United States;
every southern man of every party in the other
House had just given the same vote; and I had
so much respect for the unanimous opinion of
every southern Senator and every southern Rep-
resentative, that I did not feel prepared to im-
peach a vote which they had just given; but that
question having been dropped, I confess that fur-
ther investigation has satisfied me it would be a
wrongful exercise of power.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator let me take
this opportunity to say that I was present on the
occasion of that vote, but did not vote, because I
did not believe it was a constitutional enactment.
I did not vote against it, because the body of my
friends voted the other way. I was present, but
purposely did not vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should have said that those
who were present were unanimous. 1 will close
this debate here.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it due to the Senator from
Illinois to say, as one who acted with him m public
and conferred with him in private on that occa-
sion, that he was selected to bring forward that
pioposition; that he was sustained m it by myself
and others from the South. I held then, as I do
now, that Congress had no power of prohibition.
1 hold then, as I do now, however, that the States
could, by their action under the Constitution, and
that they had, by a quasi action, by long acqui-
escence hi latification of the act of 1820, given a
validity to the act which it did not originally pos-
sess. I was willing so to act, as I believed, it has
turned out to be true, that we never would adjust
the question which divided us relating to the terri-
tory, except by dividing the property.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Hands off!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask a single
question of the Senator from Illinois myself.
This is a matter in which our section of the coun-
try feels some interest, as well as the section from
whence the other Senators come. That question
is this: I desire to have the Senator from Illinois
