APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ULOBE.
[December 19,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
Government. Before this was officially known,
however, at the capital, the government of Zulo-
aga had been recognized by the entire diplomatic
corps, including the Minister of the United States,
as the fa facto Government of Mexico. The con-
stitutional President,nevertheless, maintained his
position with firmness, and was soon established
with his cabinet at "Vera Cruz. Meanwhile, the
Governmc.. 'of Zuloaga wr?s earnestly resisted in
many parts of the Republic, and even in the
capital, a portion of the army having pronounced
against it, its functions were declared terminated,
and an assembly of citizens was invited for the
choice of anew President. Thisassembly electcd
General Miramon, but that officer repudiated the
plan under which he was chosen, and Zuloaga
was thus restored to his previous position. He
assumed it, however, only to withdraw from it,
and Miramon, having become, by his appoint-
ment, "President substitute," continues, with
that title, at the head of the insurgent party.
In my last annual message, I communicated to
Congress the circumstances under which the late
Minister of theUnited States suspended his official
relations with the central Government, and with-
drew from the country. It was impossible to main-
tain friendly intercourse with a Government like
that at the capital, under whose usurped authority
wrongs were constantly committed, but never re-
dressed. Had this been an established Govern-
ment, with its power extending, by the consent
of the people, over the whole of Mexico, a resort
to hostilities against it would have been quite jus-
tifiable, and indeed necessary. But the country
was a "prey to civil war; and it was hoped that the
success of the constitutional President might lead
to a condition of things less injurious to the Uni-
ted States. This success became so probable
that, in January last, I employed a reliable agent
to visit Mexico, and report to me the actual con-
dition and prospects of the contending parties. In
consequence of his report, and from information
which reached me from other sources, favorable
to the prospects of the constitutional cause, I felt
justified in appointing a new Minister to Mexico,
who might ombracc the earliest suitable oppor-
tunity of restoring our diplomatic relations with
that Republic. For this purpose a distinguished
citizen of Maryland was selected, who proceeded
on his mission on the 8th of March last, with dis-
cretionary authority to recognizc the Government
of President .Tuarcz, if, 011 his arrival in Mexico,
he should find it entitled to such recognition, ac-
cording to the established practice of the United
States. On the 7th of April following, Mr. Mc-
Lanepresentedhis credentials to President Juarez,
having no hesitation "in pronouncing the Gov-
ernment of Juarez to be the only existing Govern-
ment of the Republic." He was cordially received
by the authorities at Vera Cruz, and they have
ever since manifested the most friendly disposition
towards the United States. Unhappily, however,
the constitutional Government has not been able
to establish its power over the whole Republic. It
is supported by a large majority of the people and
the States, but there" are important parts of the
country where it can enforce no obedience. Gen-
eral Miramon maintains himself at the capital;
and m some of the distant provinces there are mil-
itary governors who pay little respect to the de-
crees of either Government. In the mean time the
excesses which always attend upon civil war,
especially in Mexico, are constantly ree.urripg.
Outrages of the worst description are committed
hothuponpersonaand property. There is scarcely
any form of injury which has not been suifered
by our citizens in Mexico during the last few
years. We have been nominally at peace with
that Republic, but So far as the interests of our
commerce or of our eiuzons who have visited the
country as merchants, shipmasters, or in other
capacities, arc concerned, we might as well have
been at war." Life has been insecure, property
unprotected, and trade impossible except at a risk
of loss which prudent men cannot be expected to
incur. hftportam contacts, involving large ex-
penditures; entered into by the central Govern-
ment, have been set at. defiance by the local govern-
ments. Peaceful American residents, occupying
their rightful possessions, have been suddenly ex-
pelled the country, in defiance of treaties, and by
the mere force of arbitrary power. Even the course
of justice has not been safe from control, and a
recent dccree of Miramon permits the intervention
of Government in all suits where either party is a
foreigner. Vessels of the United States have been
seized without law, and a consular officer who
protested against such seizure has been fined
and imprisoned for disrespect to the authorities.
Military contributions have been levied in viola-
tion of every principle of right, and the American
who resisted the lawless demand has had his prop-
erty forcibly taken away, and has been himself
banished. From a conflict of authority in differ-
ent parts of the country, tariff duties which have
been paid in one place have been exacted over
ngain in another place. Largo numbers of our
citizens have been arrested and imprisoned with-
out any form of examination or any opportunity
for a hearing, and even when released have only
obtained their liberty after much suffering and in-
jury and without any hope of redress. The whole-
sale massacre of Crnbbe and his associates, with-
out trial, in Sonora, as well as the seizure and
murder of four sick Americans who had taken
shelter in the house of an American, upon the soil
of the United States, was communicated to Con-
gress at its last session. Murders of a still more
atrocious character have been committed in the
very heart of Mexico, under the authority of
Miramon's Government, during the present year.
Some of these were only worthy of a barbarous
age, and, if they had not been clearly proved,
would have seemed impossible in a country which
claims to be civilized. Of this description was the
•brutal massacre in April last, by order of Gen-
eral Marquez, of throe American physicians, who
were seized in the hospital atTacubaya while at-
tending upon the sick and the dying of both par-
ties, and without trial, as without crime, were
hurried away to speedy execution. Little less
shocking was the recent fate of Ormond Chase,
who was shot in Topic on the 7th of August, by
order of the same Mexican general, not only with-
out a trial, but without any conjecture by his
friends of the cause of his arrest. He is repre-
sented as a young man of good character and in-
telligence, who had made numerous friends in
.Topic by the courage and humanity which he
hau displayed on several trying occasions, and
his death was aw unexpected as it was shocking
to the whole community. Other outiages might
be enumerated, but these ore sufficient to illustrate
the wretched state of the} country, and the unpro-
tected condition of the persons and property of
our citizens in Mexico.
In all these cases our Ministers have been con-
stant and faithful 111 their demands for redress,
but both they and this Government, which thny
have successively rcpiearnted, have been wholly
powerless to make their demands effective. Their
testimony in this respeet. and in reference to the
only remedy which, in their judgments, would
meet the cxjgency, Imn hern both unifoiiu and
emphatic. Nothing but a manifestation of the
power of the Government of the United States
(wrote our late Minister in 185G)and of its purpose
to punish these wrongs will avail. 1 assure you
that the u^jversal belief here is that there is noth-
ing to be apprehended from the Government of
the United States, and that local Mexican officials
con commit these outrages upon American citi-
zens with absolute impunity." " 1 hope the Pres-
ident (wrote our present Minister in August last)
will feel authorized to osk from Congress the
power to enter Mexico with the military forces of
the United States, at the call of the constitutional
authorities, in order to protect the citizens and
the treaty rights of the United States. Unlesssuch
a power is tonferird upon him, neither the one
nor the other will be respected m the existing
state of anarchy ond disorder, and the outrages
already perpetrated will never be chastised; and.
ns I assured you in my No. 23, all these e-\il.s
must increase until ewry vestige of order and
government disappears from the country.'' I have
been reluctantly led to the same opinion, and, in
justice to my countrymen who have suffered
wrongs from Mexico, and who may .still suffer
them, I feel bound to announce this conclusion to
Congress.
The case presented, however, is not merely a
case of individual claims, although our just claims
against Mexico have reached a very large amount.
Nor is it merely the case of protection to the lives
and property of the few Americans who may still
remain in Mexico, although the life and property
of every American citizen ought to be sacredly
protected in every quarter of the world. But it is
a question which relates to the future as well as to
the present and the past, and which involves, in-
directly at least, the whole subject of our duty to
Mexico as a neighboring State. The exercise of
the power of the United States in that country to
redress the wrongs and protect the rights of our
own citizens is none the less to be desired, because
efficient and necessary aid may thus be rendered
at the same time to restore peace and order to
Mexico itself. In the accomplishment of this re-
sult the people of the United States must neces-
sarily feel a deep and earnest interest. Mexico
ought to be a rich and prosperous and powerful
Republic. She possesses an extensive territory,
a fertile soil, and an incalculable store of mineral
wealth. She occupies an important position be-
tween the^jrulf and the ocean for transit routes
and for commerce. Is it possible that such a coun-
try as this can be given up to anarchy and ruin
without an effort from any quarter for its rescue
and its safety ? Will the commercial nations of
the world, which have so many interests con-
nected with it, remain wholly indifferent to such
a result? Can the United States, especially, which
ought to share most largely in its commercial in-
tercourse, allow their immediate neighbor thus to
destroy itself and injure them? Yet, without sup-
port from some quarter, it is impossible to per-
ceive how Mexico can resume her position among
nations and enter upon a career which promises
any good results. The aid which she requires,
and which the interests of all commercial coun-
tries require, that she should have, it belongs to
this Government to render, not only by virtue of
our neighborhood to Mexico, along whose terri-
tory we have a continuous frontier of nearly a
thousand miles; but by virtue, also, of our estab-
lished policy, which is inconsistent with the in-
tervention of any European Power in the domestic
concerns of that Republic,
The wrongs which we have suffered from Mex-
ico are before the world, and must deeply impress
every American citizen. A Government which is
either unable or unwilling to redress such wrongs
is derelict to its highest duties. The difficulty
consists in selecting .-and enforcing the remedy.
We may in vain apply to the constitutional Gov-
ernment at Vera Cruz, although it is well disposed
to do us justice, for adequate redress. Whilst its
authority is acknowledged in all the important
ports and throughout the sea-coasts of the Repub-
lic's power does not extend to the oty of Mex-
ico anct the States in its vicinity, where nearly all
the recent outrages have been committed on Amer-
ican citizens. We must penetiate into the interior
before we can reach the offenders, and this can
only be done by passing through the territory in
the occupation of Unconstitutional Government.
The most acceptable and least difficult mode of
accomplishing the object will be to act m concert
with that Government. Their consent and their
aid might, I believe, be obtained; but if not, our
obligation to protect our own citizens in their just
rights, secured by treaty, would not be the less
imperative. For these reasons, I recommend to
Congress to pass a law authorizing the President,
■ under such conditions as they may deem expe-
dient, to employ a sufficient military force to enter
Mexico for the purpose of obtaining indemnity
for the past and security for The future. I pur-
posely refrain from any suggestion as to whether
this force r-hal^ consist of regular troops or volun-
teers, or both. This question mnv he most appro-
priately left to the decision of Congress. \ would
merely observe that, should volunteers be selected,
such a fo^gee could be easily re.isv d m this country
among those who sympathise with the sufferings
of our unfortunate fallow*-citizens in Mexico, and
with the unhappy condition of that Republic.
Such an accession 10 the foiees of The constitu-
tional Government would enable it soon to reach
the city of Mexico and extend its power over the
whole Republic In that event there is no reason
to doubt that ihe just claims of our citizens would
