1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
state whether lie believes now that Congress has
the power to legislate on the subject of slavery in
the Territories of the United States? ~
Mr. DOUGLAS. My belief is that Congress
has no power over the subject of slavery in the
States, or in the organized Territories of the Uni-
ted States, nor over any other municipal regula-
tion, by a fair interpretation of the Constitution.
I had such rcspcct for the long acquiescence in the
Missouri compromise, that I was willing to carry
it out; but I think a fair construction of the Con-
stitution limits Congress in the exercise of mu-
nicipal powers to the ten miles square ceded for
the seat of Go vernment, and the dock-yards, navy-
yards, &c. That is my conviction of a fair inter-
pretation of the Constitution.
Mr. FITCH. I move to take up the resolution
offered by myself yesterday providing for the
election of a Printer on Monday next. I sup-
pose there will be no opposition to the time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would rather the Sen-
ator would select some other day than Mon-
day. I am anxious to say something, and this
resolution of his will give rise to debate. Say
Tuesday.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator is decidedly mis-
taken about this interfering with him. The adop-
tion of the resolution merely brings the question
of the election of Printer before the Senate at that
time. It can then be passed over informally or
upon motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Indiana that the
Senate must first dispose of the subject undei con-
sideration before the resolution to which he refers
can be taken up.
Mr. FITCH- I move, then, to postpone the
further consideration of the pending subject until
Monday next at two o'clock.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I objectto fixing Monday
at two o'clock. I wish it fixed for Monday at
one o'clock, and I hope the gentleman will select
Tuesday for the election of a Printer.
Mr. FITCH. I am willing to do that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let this matter be post-
poned until Monday, and we can take up the
question of electing a Printer on Tuesday.
The PRESIDENT j)ro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to
postpone the further consideration of the resolu>
tion now under consideration until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION Of PRINTER.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted by
him yesterday:
Resolved, That the Seriate wilJ, on Monday next, 16th
instant, at half past one o'clock, p. in., pioceedto the elec-
tion of a Printer to the Senate, for and during the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, upon the condition that he accept the ap-
pointmentsubject to such reduction or change in tho prices
now established by law for the execution of the public
printing as may hereafter, during the present Congress, be
made by law, and legulate his charges accoidmgly.
Mr. FITCH. "With the consent of the Senate,
I modify the resolution by striking out <£ Mon-
day" and inserting "Tuesday." ["Agreed.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to inquire whether, if
the resolution be adopted now to go into an elec-
tion on Tuesday, it will be admissible then to
discuss the pretensions of candidates, or whether
we shall be compelled to ballot without speaking;
because if discussion be not in order then, I wish
now to assign the reasons for my vote.
Several Senators. Of course you can speak
then.
Mr. BROWN. With that understanding, I
have no objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting "legislative or executive," so
that the resolution will subject the Public Printer
to variation of the price in executive printing, as
well as legislative printing.
Mr. FITCH. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Tuesday next, 17th
instant, at half past one o'clock, p. m., proceed to the elec-
tion of a Printer to the Senate, for and during the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, upon tho condition that he accept the ap-
pointment subject to such reduction or change in the prices
now established bylaw for the execution of the public pnnt-
ing, legislative or executive, as may hereafter, duiing the
present Congress, be made by law, and regulate hi5? charges
accordingly.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to indulge me,
for a very few moments, with an executive ses-
sion. We shall not meet again until Monday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I humbly submit that I have
the floor, and have made a motion for an execu-
tive session, and the Senator cannot move to ad-
journ until that is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion to
adjourn is always in order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 19, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Samuel Rodgers.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK announced as the business first
in order, the question on the admissibility of the
resolution proposed to be submitted 011 the 10th
instant by Mr. Edwards, upon which the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Hatton] was entitled
to the floor.
CALL OF TI1E HOUSE.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I do not think
there is a quorum present, and therefore I move
that there be a call of the House.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the roll of the
House was then accordingly called.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] to a remark reported in this morning's Globe
as made by him yesterday. 1 nsk that it be read.
The remark was read, as follows:
'•'I do not moan to pay that those gruticmen will vote for
the Democratic candidate, but I have no doubt tliey will;
because their fiivt love will leturn in time to calm the agi-
tation of the country, and to save this House from the burn-
ing, withering, blistering curse and shame which would
result lioin the putting in that chair the gentleman from
Ohio."
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Alabama whether he designed that
remark as a personal reflection upon me, or as a
political one m reference to the party to which I
belong ?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would have supposed that
the gentleman would not really have proposed that
question to me; for there can be no doubt as to
the proper uction of that language. I do
not think any gentleman supposed for a mo.nent
that I intended those remarks to have a personal
application.
If the gentleman will allow me, I will say what
I intended. The gentleman is charged, and t be-
lieve the record shows it, with indorsing the
Helper book and its doctrines. That indorsement
has been brought to his attention, and, as I be-
lieve, the gentleman lias never disavowed the
doctrines of that book.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Alabama allow me a moment'1
[Cries from the Republican side, " Sit down!"
" Sit down!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. Let him ask a question.
[Cries of " Down !" '* Down-!" from the Repub-
lican benches.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend to leave
this matter to mo.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Alabama says the gentleman from
Ohio is charged, as the record shows, with in-
dorsing tho Helper book. I merely wish to in-
quire of tho gentleman if the writing containing
the indorsement of sixty-eight members of Con-
gress, or a copy of it, has ever been exhibited m
this body?
Mr. HOUSTON. That 1 should regard as an
act of the most special pleading. I do not know
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
signnd the recommendation; but if he did, and if
that is the only mode of escape, he might as well
own up and confess his guilt of the enormities, or
disavow the doctrines, contained in that book.
The gentleman from Ohio has been charged
with indorsing doctrines of the most treasonable
and most infamous character; and while he has
made a statement which some of his friends con-
tend was adisavowal of the doctrines of that book)
yet, I contend, it was not a fair or manly dis-
avowal of the doctrines inculcated or proposed to
be circulated by that book. If the gentleman had
desired the country to know his position, instead
of giving that stingy explanation—if I may call it
so—instead of saying that he did not know what
was in the book when he signed the recommend-
ation, if he had said that since the book had been
brought to his notice with its treasonable, abom-
inable, and infamous doctrines he would disavow
them before the House and Before the country,
that would have set him right. But the gentle-
man has only said that he did not know what was
in the book when he signed the recommendation,
and that he never intended to interfere with the
rights of tho States. I take it for granted that the
gentleman has not, by that disavowal, released
himself from the odium of the doctrines of that
book. And until he does, until he meets the ques-
tion in that manly manner in which he is called
upon to meet it—as we would be all called upon
under like circumstances—he is subject to the re-
marks which I made in regard to him—politically,
as I have explained. The gentleman has never
personally demeaned himself towards me in a
way that would entitle him to any remark of a
harsh character.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am happy—and am sat-
isfied that every member of the House must be—
to hear the personal disclaimer of the gentleman
from Alabama. Every one will bear me witness
that I have listened to the debate on this floor with
great patience; and that I was not disposed to re-
gard any remarks as personal in their character
if a different construction could bo put upon them.
So far as my disclaimer of the doctrines of the
Helper book is concerned, every man with any
sense of feeling must know very well that my lips
have been in a great measure sealed from the first
day of the session, by what I must regard as an
offensive resolution, thrust into the House at an
improper time and m an improper manner, and
insisted upon m a debate which has no precedent
in parliamentary history.
At an early day I did make an explanation of
the circumstances under which my name became
attached to tho recommendation—an explanation
not made to the gentleman from Missouri, but
made to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son.] I also made a statement and disclaimer
which I intended as full and satisfactory, and I
trust was generally so regarded. If not, before I
can, with self-respect, be more explicit—and be-
fore gentlemen on the other side can make the
least complaint—they should insist that the of-
fensive resolution be withdrawn.
1 say now; I have said it from the beginning to
all; I have sent word to the gentleman who intro-
duced the resolution that I am willing to have that
Helper book read, page by page, and then avow
or disavow every sentiment contained in it. I
never concealed a political opinion in my life, and
never will. I am now willing, if that offensive
resolution be withdrawn, to express at once my
opinion of the extracts read at the Clerk's table;
but until that is done, I appeal to every man who
has a sense of manhood to say whether 1 could
saymore than I have. [Cries of" Good!" from
the Republican benches.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I presumed the gentleman
from Ohio would have taken that position; and 1
desire to ask him now, whether that is an cscape
from tho responsibilities which rest upon him?
The gentleman says he is willing to have that
book read, and avow or disavow its sentiments,
if this offensive resolution be withdrawn. The
resolution did not refer to the gentleman by name,
and unless he felt that it bears upon lum in its
term ^
Mr. SHERMAN". Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that when the resolution
was offered I was the only person whoso name
appeared on that printed list who was then a can-
didate for Speaker of the House. Therefore, the
resolution had just as much a personal reference
to me as if my name had been inserted in it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That explanation does not
relieve the gentleman from . the trouble which
surrounds him. If he considered his honor im-
plicated by the introduction of the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri, why did he rise
and make what his friends contend is an expla-
nation and a disavowal after the resolution was
