1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
that we all understand—at least I do, though I
have been here but a short time—how these things
are bro ughtbefore Congress, referred, and printed.
I will show directly, from some resolutions which
have been introduced into this body, that the prob-
ability is—at least I am satisfied in my own mind
—that all these calls for information came from
Mr. Palmer himself. It is very easy to get a friend
here to move a resolution calling for information
which has been sent to a Department unasked, and
have Congress print it; and then get up some
book scheme or other, as I shall show you this
gentleman did, and a very expensive one, too.
Again, in 1848, lie addressed a letter to Mr.
President Polk—for as soon as there was a new
President elected Mr. Palmer always had some-
thing at his service—and that letter was sent to
Congress and printed, and he claims pay for that.
Here is that document—I shall have occasion to
say something about it directly—containing about
seventy-two pages. In 1848, he says he visited
Washington at the request of the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. "Walker, and while here, his me-
moir, the document of which I have just spoken,
was sent to the Senate and ordered to be printed;
and he remained to superintend its printing from
March until September. Here is a document of
seventy-two pages, for superintending the print-
ing of which he says he remained here from March
until September; and for so remaining here he
claims pay. What reason does he give in his
memorial for that? He says the Public Printer
had so much work before him that this document
was not printed promptly, and it was necessary
for him to stay here until the Printer got to that
part of his work, and printed it; and it was neces-
sary for him to be here to revise it. Here arc
seventy-two pages, then, which it took him nine
months to revise; and he asks pay for that.
In 1849, he savs he completed a series of papers,
& resume of all lie had written, and sent them to
Mr. Clayton, the Secretary of State, and Mr.
Clayton caused them to be published in the Na-
tional Intelligencer. Believing them to be matters
of public importance, he put them in the National
Intclligencer, and gave them a wide-spread circu-
lation. He asks the Senate to pay him for that.
All these communications, no doubt, were volun-
tary—every one of them. Again, in September,
1849, he submitted, he says, a plan to the Presi-
dent for opening Japan, and afterwards he sent a
plan to President Fillmore, which was adopted.
He may or may not have done this. The plan
may or may not have been adopted. I do not
understand that there are any facts here showing
that that specific plan was adopted. At all events,
it was a voluntary act on his part to send that
plan. Up to 1850, when his project finally failed
here, as I shall show directly, he appears to have
troubled every Administration with communica-
tions of this kind; and I intend to show for what
purpose he did it.
Again: he says, that after the Japan expedition
was resolved upon, ho had an interview with
Commodore Perry, and gave him a great deal of
valuable information; and he asks pay for it.
There is no evidence of that. He says that he
communicated by letter with the Governor of Na-
gasaki, in Japan, and he has no doubt that that
paved the way to the commodore's obtaining an
entrance into that strange country, and thereby
making a treaty, from which it is expected we are
to derive in the end very great benefit; and he
asks pay for that.
Then comes his last claim, which has been so
much dwelt upon here by the honorable Senator
from Vermont—and that is for preparing a docu-
ment connected with Mr. Clayton's report, made
upon the call of the honorable Senator from Maine,
[Mr. IIamlin,] who offered a resolution for in-
formation in relation to some shipwrecked sailors
upon the coast of Japan, and certain information
in relation to the oriental nations. The ear-marks
are pretty strong therefrom what quarter the res-
olution came. What did Mr. Clayton dor He
says he was employed three- months in making
that report. Mr. Clayton sent in a report, which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions; and with it came—what? Mr. Palmer's
book, that he had been trying to get before Con-
gress for years ami years, it came here in the
shape of an additional report, containing eight
hundred pages—the very book which he had pro-
posed to get published when he sent the memorial
to Mr. Polk of which I have spoken; and then it
was asked that the Senate should print that book,
and pay for it out of the contingent fund of the
Senate; and then came on the famous "battle of
the books"—which some of the older Senators
will recollect—between the Senator from Missouri
(Mr. Benton) and other gentlemen upon this floor;
and there was an end of Mr. Palmer's book. It
was sent back to the State Department without
printing, the Senate refusing to comply with his
request to print it, or rather, to let him print the
book and require the Secretary to subscribe for
five thousand copies at five dollars a copy. There
was an end of that.
Now, Mr. Palmer presents himself here and
asks payment for all these things. He comes now
and says this information was exceedingly valua-
ble to the Government. I do not know, with the
Senator from Alabama, that the Government has
ever benefited one straw or one stiver by it. I do
not believe it has. I do not believe anybod y ever
read one of his communications that you printed.
I venture to say there is not a Senator here now
that ever read it; I doubt whether the honorable
Senator from Maine ever read it. I have before
mo the nbsfraet of this book, which was printed
in the year 1848, when he sent a memorial to Mr.
Polk. Here it is—seventy-two pages. "What do
I find rn it? I actually find here, published at the
public expense, as part of this document, a pros-
pectus for publishing a book of eight hundred or
one thousand pages on the subject of the oriental
nations; printed here at the pubheexpense, though
a private matter. This pamphlet, eontaiiiiiigsev-
enty-two pages, is an abstract of his book; and it
has an appendix containing a prospectus of his
book, and stating the price at which he was will-
ing to sell it, and proposing that Congress should
appropriate $12,000 in order to buy the book. Arc
we to pay a gentleman for this?
Well, sir, what purpose did he have in view in
sending ail these papers and memorials from time
to time to the Department, and then getting them
brought here by resolution to be printed at the
expense of Congress ? I will tell you. In the first
place, his object was to get this big book pub-
lished. He put a prospectus of it in his commu-
nication to Mr. Polk, which the Senate did print,
and the printing of which they authorized him to
supervise,and which, he says, it took him nine
months'timohcre to supervise. Whatothcrpur-
pose did he have in view ? I say the papers show,
and he sets forth himself, that while Mr. Clayton
was Secretary of State, a short time after the elec-
tion of General Taylor, he sent a memorial to
General Taylor, backed up by merchants in New
York and in Baltimore—for what? To appoint
him commissioner to China at a high salary, with
a sort of ambulatory power all over these oriental
nations; and he says that he would have gotit—it
was promised to him—but unfortunately General
Taylor died. He failed m that. He had two pur-
poses in view, therefore: first, to get his book pub-
lished; second, to get a valuable foreign appoint-
ment, in virtue of which he was to wander over
the whole of the oriental nations.
He came to the Senate in 1830. with this report
or book, which was sent in by Mr. Clayton un-
der the resolution of th<j honorable Senator from
Maine. Senators have but to look at the debate
on that occasion to see how the matter went off.
I have alluded to it " as the battle of the books,"
using the language of the Senator from Missouri,
(Mr. Benton,) who had his peculiarities; but I
was induced to look at the debate a little, and I
confess I was struck with it. Many Senators of
that day took part m it; the Senator from Texas,
(Mr. Husk,) tne Senator fiom Maryland, [Mi.
Pearce,] thf Senator from Missouri. (Mr. Ben-
ton,) and. others. I find this passage in the re-
marks of Mr. Benton, the proposition being to
print Mr. Palmer's book, or rather to purchase a
certain number of copies from him:
" Now, r \vi«:h the whole abuse to be con^ule: cd as being
on trial, for in tins case jou cee ,m exemplification of the
whole abUfC. It is an epitome of nil tiie eviN of book-
buving. How did this thins comc before u^ ? Whoever
thought of oiigmatmg the printing: of this book? No one
but Mi. Palmer. lie lias frequented tiie>e Halls for many
p.m. He has oongiegated with us for many year*.
He has bionght thi«> thing before Congress, and preyed it
on our hands. Congress would never have thought of
iscsarchingfor it The Senate would never have thought of
ssearclnng for it. l ut Mr. Palmer has comc here. lie has
remained here, instead of staying at home attending to his
own business. He is here; he is levant, eouchant, and
cormorant here. And he undertakes to make a book for
us without our leave, and we are to purchase it, when it
has no earthly relation to anything we have befoie us; and
we are to purchase his book purely and simply for his ben-
efit; for I do not know what benefit it can be to anybody,
else. Sir, in this proposed purchase is comprised the
whole abuses of the system. This book is pressed upon us
when we have no need for it, no use for it, when it has no
applicability to anything before Congress. It is the most
flagrant case of abuse which has ever been attempted upon
us, and comprises within itself all the abuses of this book-,
buying system. The resolution < authorizes' the Secretary
of the Senate to subscribe for five thousand copies of this
work of Mr. Palmer. He is 4 authorized' to subscribe.
The words are to give him authority; but the meaning is
that he shall buy. Then, why not < direct' him to do it?
We ' authorize' him to do it. What is the meaning of that
word 1 authorize?' Does it mean that he may examine
and consider the matter, and purchase or refuse to purchase
as he may deem best? No, sir. It is intended to be an or-
der, to direct the Secretary to buy the books. I therefore
object to the phraseology of this resolution, as it contrives
a mode by which we are to avoid meeting the direct
responsibility."
Mr. Palmer says, no doubt very truly, in his
memorial that this proposition to print his book
was lost by the violent opposition of the Senator
from Missouri, for on the next page of the Globe
I discover that the question was submitted to the
Senate, the yeas and nays were called, and by a
vote of 28 to 13, Mr. Palmer's book was returned
to the office of the Secretary of State, and there 1
suppose it has since remained.
Now, after having failed in these various pro-
jects, having sought to get ten times the amount
it is now sought to appropriate—$3,000—he comes
and asks to be paid for services which, he says
himself in his memorial, were entirely voluntary.
He says pay was neither asked nor promised for
any of these things. He says so himself in his
memorial. It is said these arc matters of very
great importance. Wc have an eloquent report
brought up here setting forth the great value of
these things to the Government, and now wc are
asked to pay Mr. Palmer. When I got up, I did
not intend to consume as much of the time of the
Senate as I have; but I do think if claimants of
this kind, who have no earthly claim upon the
Government, who have pestered the heads of De-
partments for years for objects of their own,
either to get a book published, or to get an officc,
are to comc here ana ask Congress to pay them;
if that is to bo done, 1 do not know where we are
to stop. Wc may as well open the doors of the
Treasury to all, and let them help themselves freely
and without stint. *
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, as a member
of the committee that reported this bill, I feel
called upon to say a very few words in defense
of the report. I Lave not studied this case very
much, and I do not propose to detain the Senate
very long. I merely wish, as briefly as possible,
to give the reasons why I shall vote for the bill.
I shall vote for it, because I understand and be-
lieve that the commercial information, as well as
the geographical information, which was collated
by Mr. Palmer, and submitted to the Govern-
ment, has been of very great advantage to the
commerce of the United States and to the Gov-
ernment. I do not know whether it paved the
way for the treaty which Commodore Perry made
with Japan; but, at any rate, there is no doubt
that it afforded a great deal of information to that
expedition, and to the Administration which got
it up; and doubtless did contribute to a very great
extent to enlighten the American Government in
relation to the commerce of Japan, and to induce
it to put on foot the expedition which finally re-
sulted in the treaty, which I have no doubt—and
others, more competent than myself to judge,
have expressed the opinion—will result to the
benefit of this country. If wc are to have no
benefit from the treaty with Japan and the com-
merce which is expected to result from it, why
has ourGovommentinvifed an expedition of min-
isters from Japan to this country, a large retinue
of seventy individuals, who are to come here at
the expense of the Government, and remain here
as long as they choose to remain, the Govern-
mentfooting the bills—paying thcirexpenscs dur-
ing their residence here ? If it were not under-
stood that large advantages were to be derived -
from the commerce of Japan, I do not suppose
the Government would have invited the sending
of a mission to this country.
I think the information which Mr. Palmer col-
