428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
introduced? Now, it Will not do for the gentle-
ftian to attempt to shelter himself under so flimsy
an ekcuse as that; for the gentleman rose and
itiadc his explanation, and made what his friends
fcall & disavowal of the doctrines of the book; and
he is nOw precluded from throwing himself back
on his dignity and his insulted honor. The gen-
tlfeman will not be permitted, in the public judg-
ment, to shelter himself behind this resolution.
Is that a fair escape for a manly man? The reso-
lution applies to every other member who signed
the book, as well as to the gentleman from Ohio;
and the application of it to him is his own act and
deed. If it bears upon him, it is bccause, by a
voluntary act of his own, he brought himself
within its scope. I ask the House again, is that a
proper mode of escape for 'the gentleman? The
resolution lays down a general principle in regard
to the fitness of a presiding officer of this body.
Docs that preclude a gentleman from disavowing
the sentiments of the book charged to have been
indorsed by him?
Are gentlemen, through some false notions of
honor or modesty, to take shelter behind a sort of
mock insulted dignity, and refuse to do themselves
justice5 Ifthe gentleman is guilty, he has pursued
the right course. If, however, lie is innocent of
a purpose to circulate the incendiary and damnable
sentiments of the Helper book, it is due to him-
self, due to his country, due to his reputation, due
to truth and honor, and every high and sacred
principle which prompts men to act, that he should
come forth and speak; and that it should be done
promptly. I think I have already shown that the
excuse will notavail him; I have shown that, after
the resolution was introduced, and while Mr.
Mili.son had the floor, he rose and made what his
friends call an explanation. He should not now
say, therefore, that that resolution is the stumb-
ling-block which prevents him from doing what
he seems to regard as just in itself.
Now, sir, 1 say to the gentleman that if he had
intended a disavowal, if he had intended to make
any explanation, he had the floor, and he had the
right to make it at the time; he had the right to
make a clean breast of it; and as he has failed to
do so, and as I c.an conceive of no just and fair
reason why he has not done so, as there is no ex-
cuse, in my judgment, to justify his course, that
is why I made the declaration which I made yes-
terday.
One word more. The gentleman from Ohio
wants this resolution withdrawn, or taken out of
the way. Why, sir, does not the gentleman know
that his friends are the party who are. guilty of
those delays that have occurrcd? They have
thrown the obstructions in the way of getting a
vote upon that resolution, by their points of order,
by their motions to amend the Journal, and by the
various dilatory motions and resolutions and ques-
tions that have been piled tip one upon another
by (he gentleman\s friends, so as to preclude the
minority from all probability of getting an early
vote upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri. This side of the House has been ready;
we have been anxious from the first, to vote upon
that resolution. We have interposed no difficul-
ties by points of order and motions to amend the
Journal. If the gentleman has complaints to make
upon that score, he had better make them to his
own friends. They do not apply to this side of
the House at all.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I did not intend
to submit any lemarks to the House this morn-
ing; but, sir, I wish to say a word explanatory
of my purpose in offering this resolution. Before
I proceed, I beg the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] not to suppose that I had any personal
objection to him, apart from his political record.
I was in the last Congress on terms of rather inti-
mate association than otherwise with that gentle-
man and with his fuends; and 1 came to Wash-
ington at the commencement of this Congress,
expecting to meet them as friends. I have no per-
sonal hostility to that gentleman; but, sir,Congress
assembled under peculiar circumstances. An as-
sault had been made upon aaistcr State, by a set of
men whom I denominate as traitors, and who have
suffered the penalty of the law. Withm a few
days of the execution of these men this Congress
assembled. I found, when I met my brother mem-
bers here to organize the House, that a publica-
tion had gone out to the country, containing, in
my estimation, treasonable doctrines, and recom-
mending objectionable expedilnts to destroy the
institutions which the constitution and laws of
my State guaranty to my constituents. I found
it recommended m that publication that there
should be no association between non-slavehold-
ers and slaveholders; that there was to be no kind
of intercourse between them of a social, political,
or religious character.
Now, Mr. Clerk, representing a constituency,
many of whom are slaveholders, and being my-
self a slaveholder, I submit it (o the better judg-
ment, to the calm opinions of gentlemen upon the
Republican side, and upon both sides of this Hall,
whether, after a nomination had been made for
Speaker, after one ballot had been taken, and the
Republican party had concentrated their forces
upon a gentleman who had recommended those
incendiary doctrines—whether I, as a Represent-
ative of my constituency, a large portion of whom
are slaveholders, ought to have sat still in my
seat, without protesting in some manner against
theelection of such a man as Speaker, andagainst
such action upon the part of gentlemen on that
side of the House, striking directly at the peace
and quiet of my own State, and the safety of my
constituents, as well as of the people of the whole
South?
I sought, as the record will show, then to ob-
tain a disavowal upon the part of the gentleman
from Ohio. 1 did not seek the floor for the pur-
pose, at that time, of offering any resolution. But
I was called to order by the Republican side of
the House, and 1 could not proceed without offer-
ing the resolution as the basis of the remarks I
designed to make,and which it was due to myself,
as well as to my constituents, that I should
make.
Sir, as the Representative of a gallant constit-
uency holding property guarantied by the Con-
stitution and laws of the country, it was due to
that constituency that I should not remain silent
here when a large party in this House, claiming
to be the dominant party m the country,attempted
to elect to the Sneaker's chair an individual who
was striking at die liberty, the peace, theproperty,
and the lives of the constituents whom I was
charged to represent in this national assembly. I
looked upon the condition of things then presented
with pam. I looked upon it with some excitement,
I came into this Congress with feelings ofpersonni
kindness toward all,although differing politically
with membeis upon the other side of the House;
but when I found that members hod so far for-
gotten themselves as to indorse and send out. to
the country doctrines calculated to disturb the
pcace and quiet, and to endanger the lives of the
constituents whom I represent, 1 could not longer
remain silent. Hence I offered my resolution.
It may not have been drawn in as courteous lan-
guage as it would have been if I had taken more
time to deliberate about it; but it is clear, perspic-
uous, and speaks directly to the point. It is that
no gentleman who would recommend that book,
containing sentiments now acknowledged uni-
versally to be odious to the country, is fit to be
Speaker of this House. To that sentiment, with
great personal rcspect for the gentleman fiom Ohio,
1 stand to-day. No man who occupics that posi-
tion politically—I soy nothing of him personally:
I make no charges against his ability, or his per-
sonal integrity, his urbanity, or the graces that
adorn his private life—I do not assail them; but
I say that any man whose political party, or who
himself takes upon him the sentiments of that
book, is not fit to preside over this or any other
national assembly.
1 disclaimed, when I offend the resolution, as
I disclaim now, any design to attack the gentle-
man. I gave him a full opportunity to exculpate
himself, if exculpation was deemed necessary by
him. But he did not do it, and the whole South
and the whole country has been excited, and justly
excited upon the subject. Odium bos attached to
gentlemen opposite,and I hope that it will attach
to them,so that a healthy and national sentiment
may be engendered in this great land.
Does any gentleman cxpect that I will now
withdraw my resolution ? Is not that asking too
much of me? Whether it is or not, I will now
say, onco for all, that I will never withdraw it.
The question has got to be met. 1 have sought,
time and again, to get a fair vote on it; but in that
I have been embarrassed by various motions from
the other side of the House. If those gentlemen
did indorse that Helper book without reflection,
and if they wished to exculpate themselves from
|ke odium of the sentiments expressed m that in-
famous publication, the door has always been
held wide open for them. My resolution was
offered for the purpose of allowing them to set
themselves right. I will say now, as I have
avowed time and again, that I will press my res-
olution to a vote; that whenever I can, with pro-
priety, I Vill insist upon a vote on it, so that the
decision of this House may be put upon the rec-
ord and go before my constituents, to exhibit to
them the fact that I have been in the strict line of
my duty. When, sir, I cease to appreciate the
interests—political, social, and religious—of my
people, at that moment let me cease to live.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Clerk, I
want to say a word at this point. I agree entirely
with the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
in his statement that, because of the various mo-
tions which overlie the resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] it will be im-
possible for some time to reach a vote on that
resolution; and 1 further agree with him, that it
is undeniable that the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri is an obstacle in the way of the
organization of this House. I am one of a good
many who, as a matter of course, are not impli-
cated in the terms of that resolution, but who are
perfectly willing and ready, at all times, to vote
on the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri. What I propose is this. If my suggestion
meets the favor of the gentlemen who are partic-
ularly interested in what I am going to allude to,
wre could have a vote this morning on the propo-
sition, in substance, of the gentleman from Mis-
souri; and that subject at least, on which irritat-
ing and disturbing speeches have been made and
gone forth into the country, so fatal to its tran-
quillity, would be got out of the way. Gentlemen,
under the peculiar circumstanccs of the case, may
have felt themselves justified in making those
speeches; I have nothing to say about that, except
that after a lapse of nearly six weeks, consumed
almost wholly in debates more or less growing
out of this very resolution, it is not unreasonable
to assume that the subject is exhausted, and the
country fretted and weary with its continued ab-
sorption of time we might and ought to employ
more profitably to ourselves and our constituen-
cies.
] observe in a copy of the New York Herald,
which I hold in my hand, that a conference was
held between gentlemen representing three of the
political elements of this House m opposition to
the Republican party, and that this conference
agreed upon a resolution which it was proposed
to submit to this House as a substitute for the
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I have read the
article the gentleman refers to as having appeared
in the Herald. I am not responsible for that sub-
stitute resolution. I had no knowledge of the
arrangement; and I now announce to this House
and to the gentleman from Maryland, that I will
never withdraw my resolution and never consent
to any modification of it whatever. I was never
consulted, and I am not responsible for the reso-
lution which appears in the Herald; I never heard
of it until 1 read it in that paper. The matter
must be met as it is in my resolution, or it must
not be met at all. I will not alter one word or
letter in it; I will not alter it now or any other
time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. So far as I am
concerned and so far as the gentlemen with whom
I act politically on this floor arc concerned, I am
satisfied that it is a matter of very little conse-
quence whether wo vote on the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri or the amended substi-
tute which I have referred to; we are ready to
vote upon either. I thought that the gentleman
from Missouri, in his remarks just now, indi-
cated a desire to get the express opinion of the
House on the gist of the subject, and that he really
wanted to reach the point of the matter. I un~
stood him to express his indifference to terms
and phrases. Now the underlying idea of that res-
olution and the whole movement of ihe gentle-
man from Missouri is simply this: to get an ex-
pression of opinion on the part of the House
against any member who in his heart adopts,
sanctions, and is willing to promulgate such atro-
cious doctrines as are involved in the extracts
