APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
36th Cong.... 1st
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. c® Reps.
country will continue in its present state of com-
parative prosperity.
At the last session of Congress I submitted an
estimated" theprobablereceipts into the Treasury
for the then three remaining quarters of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1859. The result
hasapproximatedthe estimate with unprecedented
accuracy—the actual receipts being §38,579,391,
while the estimate was $38,500,000; and as the
present estimates are based upon similar data, it
should greatly strengthen the confidence to be put
in their correctness.
Some apprehension has been felt that the large
amount of imports during the last twelve months
would be attended with unhappy results in the
business of the country. Thisapprehension would
be well founded if the facts showed tlmt the im-
ports exceeded the wants of the country and its
ability to pay for them. The imports during the
last fiscal year (as will be seen by reference to
table 7) were $338,768,130, whilst the exports for
the same period were §356,789,462, showing an
excess of exports over imports of $18,021,332.
As large as the imports for the last fiscal year
were, they have gone into consumption. Table
47 exhibits the amount of goods in warehouse at
New York, on the 1st of November, for a series
of years. It will be seen that the amount on hand
on the 1st of November last docs not exceed the
amount in previous years, when the country was
highly prosperous audits business steady and reg-
ular. These figures do not exhibit an unhealthy
state of trade and business. One fact, however,
connected with our exports has attracted much
attention, and led many to believe that we were
importing beyond our ability to pay t I allude to
the increase of specie in our export tables. If
specie occupied in the business of the country only
the position of a circulating medium, and the sup-
ply was limited accordingly, there would be just
ground of apprehension; such, however, is not the
case. It constitutes an important element in the
list of our productions; and, like all other produc-
tions, where the quantity exceeds the legitimate
demands of the country for use and consumption,
it becomes a very proper article for export.
It is estimated that since 1848 California has
produced over five hundred millions of gold.
Would her condition have been improved by re-
taining that amount of specie within her limits,
to the exclusion of those articles required for the
use of her citizens, and m exchange ior which this
specie has been sent to the Atlantic and abroad ?
During the same period Georgia has produced
more tlian five million bags of cotton. The same
policy which would require California to retain
her geld, beyond the legitimate wants of her peo-
ple, would, with equal propriety, require Georgia
to retain within her limits the excess of the pro-
duction of cotton over the wants of her people.
The argument is as applicable to all the States as
to one, and t have used the illustrations of single
States only because they were more marked and
striking. Unless the export of specie goes to the
extent of violating this manifest principle, it con-
stitutes no just ground of alarm or anxiety. In
this connection, it should bo observed that the
largo excess of specie exports commences with
the discovery of the California mines, and has
increased very much in proportion to their in-
' creased production, as will be seen by reference
to table 8, which exhibits, for a series of years,
the amount of our export of specie. The exact
amount of the production of the California mines
during this period is not known, but it is believed
that it exceeds very largely the amount which has
been generally stated. We have no reliable mode
of ascertaining it; but, from the best information
I have been able to obtain, I should estimate the
amount for the last year at not less than seventy
million dollars.
Whenever the export of specie shall exceed
proper limits, the eil'ectwiU soon be seen and felt
m the financial and commercial operations of the
country. It would probably be first exhibited in
the specie basis of the banks, showing an increased
proportion of circulation and deposits to the
amount of specie in their vaults, and this would
soon be followed by derangement and depression
ill the general trade and business of the country.
Atpresent there is noevidence thaleitherof these
results are to be apprehended. By reference to
table 9, it will be seen that the specie basis of the
banks, (when the tables for 1859 were prepared,)
as compared with their circulation and deposits,
is more favorable than in 1850, the year preceding
the increase of specie exports. It is probable that
some change has occurred since the last bank re-
ports; of that we have no reliable information;
but it is not believed that it will materially vary
the general proposition. It is appropriate here to
remark that, in view of the large and constant in-
crease of the production of the precious metals,
the country should look to the policy of substi-
tuting specie, to a great extent, for the present
paper circulation. The process should be grad-
ual; and whilst it would not derange the business
of the country, would operate as a wholesome
check upon banking and overtrading. The adop-
tion of an independent treasury system by the
several States, as recommended in a former re-
port, would go far towards the accomplishment
of this desirable result.
There isnomodeof ascertaining the amount of
specie in general circulation. All estimates on
that point are purely speculative. During a pros-
perous condition of the country, it no doubt in-
creases with the demands of business; and when-
ever, from any cause, the supply is below the
wants of the country, it will be manifested by a
depression in trade and general embarrassment.
Until these indications appear, we may safely
calculate that there has been the usual and neces-
sary increase.
With some persons the idea seems to prevail
that we are necessarily overtrading with those
countries to which our specie is carried, and as the
most of it goes to the ports of Great Britain, they
conclude that we are therefore buying too largely
of British productions. The fact that payments
are made in England must not be considered as
conclusive evidence that the debt has been con-
tracted in the course of our trade with that coun-
try. By reference to table 10 it will bo seen that
our imports for the year ending June 30, 1859,
from the East and West Indies, and other coun-
tries named in the table, exceed our exports to
those countries to the full extent of the excess of
our export of specie. It will also be observed that
the articles which we import from those countries
are articles o f necessity, and generally such as are
not produced in our own country. These articles
must be had, and if we cannot furnish in exchange
for them any other of our productions, they must
be paid for in specie; and itis notmatenal whether
the specie for that purpose is sent to London or
to the foreign port of exportation. If this branch
of trade consumes the cxcess of specie exports,
it would leave our commercial operationswith all
other countries upon a safe basis, even in the esti-
mation of those who indulge so many apprehen-
sions on account of our heavy exports of specie.
It should be observed, in this connection, that our
exports to Great Britain for the last fiscal year
exceed our imports about iifty millions ; the ex-
cess, to a great extent, being applied to the pay-
ment of the demands of the countries to which I
have just referred.
These views are submitted to the consideration
of Congress in support of the opinion that we may
look with confidence to a continued increase in
the business of the country. The natural tend-
ency in times of prosperity is to extravagance and
overtrading, and this feeling should not be stim-
ulated. If indulged, it will in the future, as it
has done in the past, lead to revulsions and em-
barrassments; but there is no serious danger to be
apprehended if the increased business of the coun-
try continues to bear a proper proportion to those
natural causes which produce and sustain it. '
Entertaining these views, I do not doubt that
: the actual receipts into the Treasury for the pres-
■ out and next fiscal years will be fully equal to the
! estimates. The only remaining question in con-
: neetion with the estimates to be considered is the
] probable demands upon the Treasury during this
| period. If the appropriations made at the present
jj session do not exceed the amount contained m the
i estimates, it is believed that they can be met with
| the ordinary and extraordinary receipts already
: provided for by law. The estimated balance that
I will be in the Treasury on the 30th June, 1861,
is only $3,530,196 61, and leaves no margin for
additional appropriations. If, therefore, the ap-
propriations should exceed the estimates, or Con-
gress should determine to provide within this
period for the payment of any portion of the pub-
lic debt, it will become necessary to make provis-
ion for such contingencies. The idea of increasing
the public, debt to meet the ordinary expenses of
the Government should not be entertained for a
moment. If additional demands are created upon
the Treasury by the legislation of the present
Congress, provision must be made to meet them
by such increase of tariff duties as may be re-
quired for that purpose. In such an event, I would
respectfully refer Congress to my last report, as
containing the views of the Department on the
subject.
A critical examination of the estimates for the
next fiscal year, submitted to Congress, will ex-
hibitconsidcrable reduction from former estimates.
The remark is applicable to every Department
where any discretion can be exercised over the
expenditure. In most cases the amounts are fixed
by law, and can neither be increased nor dimin-
ished by the head of the Department. I have
endeavored to enforce the strictest economy in
tlio various branches of the Treasury Depart-
ment. In the single branch for collecting the rev-
enue, the expense has been materially reduced by
adopting and carrying out, where the power ex-
isted, the reforms recommended in the bill for re-
organizing the collection districts of the United
States, &c., submitted by the Department to the
last Congress. With further reductions which it
is contemplated to make, I have felt warranted in
reducing the estimate for the expense of collecting
the revenue for the next fiscal year §500,000. The
passage of the bill to which I have referred would
greatly aid the Department in this work of reform.
The public debt on the 1st July, 1858, as stated
in my last annual report, was §25,155,977 66.
The act of June 14,1858, authorized an additional
loan of $20,000,000, which has been accordingly
negotiated. Of this §18,620,000 had been paid
into the Treasury, and the stock issued therefor
on the 1st of July, 1859, the commencement of the
Eresent fiscal year. A portion of the remainder
as been since paid, and the stock therefor issued.
The balance will doubtless be soon completed,
which will make the permanent public debt
§45,155,977 66.
Of the temporary public debt authorized by the
act of December 23,1857, providing for the issue
of §20,000,000 in Treasury notes, there were out-
standing on the 1st July, 1858, as shown by my
last report, §19,754,800. On the 30th June, 1859,
the close of the last fiscal year, the amount of
these notes outstanding was §15,046,800. The
details of the various descriptions of the public
debt on the 30th June, 1859, aie shown by the
statement marked 3.
In the estimated means of the Tieasury for the
piesent and next fiscal years, it will be seen that
no provision is made for the permanent redemp-
tion of any portion of the §20,000,000 of Treasury
notes. The authority for reissuing these notes
will expire on the 30th of June next; and it will,
therefore, be necessary for Congress to extend the
law tor that purpose for another period.
On the 21st of January last, I submitted to the
House of Representatives, in answer to resolu-
tions of that body, a report in reference to the
export and import trade of the United States with
Great Britain and Prance. The investigation
which 1 was required to make for that purpose
brought to my attention the various systems
adopted by different countries of obtaining and
keeping commercial statistics. These systems
are so variant that I found it impracticable to in-
stitute any comparison of the facts exhibited in
the tables of different Governments, which could
be regarded as accurate and reliable. Every com-
mercial man will pronounce such a state of things
an evil of great magnitude, and one which de-
mands a prompt remedy, if it can be found.
To avoid a recapitulation of the view:#presented
in that report, ana for the purpose of bringing the
subject to the attention of the present Congress, I
append to this report a copy of that communica-
tion, (marked 11,) and would ask for it a consid-
eration at this time. I do not know a greater ben-
