430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
notes with our Democratic friends, with the Le-
compton Democrats and with the anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrats, that there was a concurrcnt sen-
timent that the resolution which we agreed upon
was better than either. I am happy to say here
that when that resolution is read, it will be found
that it covers both in substance, tenor, and effect,
the amendment offered by me; and perhaps its
principal merit is that it embraces aW,outin.fcwcr
words. [Cries of " Read the resolution!"]
Mr. WINSLOW. It will be recollected that
I suggested on the floor of the House, some days
ago, that perhaps if there was a conference com-
mittee of the various sections of the House op-
posed to the Republican organization, something
might be done tending to settle this vexed ques-
tion. I statod that on my own personal respons-
ibility, without consultingmypolitical associates.
Before I proceeded to make the proposition, I
asked my associates if I had their consent, and I
understood that they assented by acclamation. I
then asked gentlemen of the southern Opposition
party, and they expressed gratification at it. I
then called on the anti-Lecompton Democrats, and,
by name, on my friend from New York, [Mr.
Clark,] with whom, from our private intimacy, I
could take that liberty. We were interrupted in
the progress of that matter by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. De Jarnette] taking the floor and
proceeding with the discussion. After the adjourn-
ment, however, my friend from New York con-
sented to the meeting. It was pretty much left to
myself by my friends—for winch mark of confi-
dence 1 feel profoundly grateful—as to whom I
should select for members of the committee The
sickness of my friend from New York [Mr. John
Cochrane] left a vacancy in the committee as
originally constituted, and my frjend, Governor
McRae, kindly consented to act. The Demo-
cratic party was represented in the conference by
G-ovcrnorMcRAE,Mr. Robinson of Illinois, Mr.
Crawford, and myself. I am not at liberty to
say who represented the other sections. Gentle-
men can speak for themselves in proper time.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Say it now.
Several Mgmbkrs. No objection.
Mr. VVIJVSLOW. Mr. Hill, Mr. Mallory,
Mr. Nelson, and Mr. Gilmer, represented the
southern Opposition; and my distinguished friend
from New York, [Mr. Clark,] and Mr. Riggs,
of New Jersey, represented the unti-Locompton
organization. Mr. Abrainwrs sick, and for that
and other reasons was unable to attend, but he
expressed his willingness to have met us on Mon-
day.
Now, sir, it would be highly improper in me to
speak of the conversation and interchange of views
thnt took place in the conference committee. Tl
would be considered highly improper and exceed-
ingly unparliamentary for me to do so. Finding,
however, that, we could not agree on anything else
for the present, it was suggested that we might
come to a cotxlusion with regard to the resolu-
tion introduced by the distinguished gentleman
from Missouri; and on consultation it was found
that we were all nearly agreed on that question.
My distinguished friend from New York [Mr.
Clark] was intrusted with the draft of the reso-
lution containing these sentiments. There was
but one copy made, and that was left in the cus-
tody of my friend from New York to be fairly
copied and sent to my room in the morning. ft
was announced in the beginning, and has been so
announce® ever since, that the conclusions of the
committee of conference were not to be binding
on the respective parties.
But we separated, all of us unanimous upon
the terms of the resolution, agreeing thnt we would
•onsult our friends and inform them of what we
had agreed upon, with a view, if they agreed with
us, which we did not doubt, we should propose
to carry out our programme on Monday morning.
It was understood that the terms of the resolution
were not to be made public; but I am informed,
by high authority, that, although we adjourned
at half past four o'clock, at six o'clock tins reso-
lution, in substance, if not in its prccisc words,
was in the possession of our friends of the Re-
publican organization. Now, sir, I do not know
how the resolution got out, nor do I charge that
it did get out designedly or purposely. 1 know
there was no place in the room where that meet-
ing was held in which a black cat could have been
concealed. [Laughter.] In the caucuses held in
this Hall, I know there are sometimes men lying
down under the benches in the gallery, who hear
what is said and report it. But m the room where
this conference was held, I know there was no
one but these ten gentlemen there assembled.
Well, sir, it would be improper to repeat here
private conversation held with gentlemen of the
Republican organization the next morning; but I
happen to know that it would have been exceed-
ingly agreeable to the gentlemen of the Repub-
lican organization if that course of procedure had
been taken. And, sir, when I found that the pro-
ceeding of that caucus had been published in the
New York Herald of Monday morning, and that
our friends on the other side of the House were
exceedingly anxious that we should carry out
that course of procedure, remembering the old
maxim, Timeo Ditnaos et dona ferentes, I drew
back and determined, so far as 1 was concerned,
that I would not carry it out. It is but justice to
myself to say, that if our friends had determined
to proceed with the matter, our first step would
have been to have consulted the gentleman from
Missouri, and have endeavored to induce him to
withdraw or modify his resolution. But, finding
the state of things of which I have told you, I de-
termined that I would not commit myself to that
course unless it met the approbation of my polit-
ical friends, without whom I never act, and to
whose judgment I always surrender my own. I
recollect the maxim of Burke, that "statesmen
ought to be governed by principle, but guided by
circumstances;" and the circumstances developed
on Monday morning led me to believe that, in a
political point of view at the time, it was not
proper to pursue that course. Hence, 1 did not
find it necessary to consult my friend from Mis-
souri. Now, with the permission of the gentle-
man from Maryland, I will have the resolution
read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object to the
reading, except for information.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have the floor. I desire
that this resolution may be read; and I must con-
fess that it now meets my approbation, with the
exception of perhaps a single word. I send it to
the Clerk's table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have already
sent it to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. WINSLOW. What I have sent up is the
original copy.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas the agitation of tin; slavery question Is product-
ive ol no good, but solely of evil to lh<* whole country, and
its farther discussion ought to be discountenanced*by all
parties: Theicfore,
Jictolvc<i} That no man who lm<* recommended, still in-
sists upon, and does not now declaim, the doetiiaes con-
tained in the evtiaets from the work called u The Impend-
ing <-i irfis ot the South,"' by one Helper, read fioin the
Oleik'-i desk, and who is not opposed to the Anther agita-
tion of the slaveiy question, is> ht to be Speaker of this
House.
Mr. WINSLOW. That resolution, sir, is not
such a one as 1 should have drawn myself; but in
a body of two bundled, and thirty-odd members
everybody knows that he cannot have his own
way, but that his views must be made to conform
to the wishes of others. It struck me that, though
the resolution was not quite so strong as I could
have desired to make it, it was a resolution that
everybody in this House who had a spark of pa-
triotism could vote for.
I beg leave to say before I take my seat that 1
mentioned a moment ago, among the committee
representing the Democratic party, my fiiend from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.] 1 should have said
that he was calk d oil* before the terms of the reso-
lution weie agreed upon,and perhaps before this
affair came upon the tapis.
Mr. CRAWFORD, I simply desire to say,
touching this matter, that the resolution was not
passed during the time I was present with these
other gentlemen; nor was it pioposed. There
was nothing of the sort under consideration while
I was with the committee, t will, however, say
this much in relation to it: that while I might,
under ordinary circumstances, be disposed to sup-
port that resolution, and to give rny assistance
towards influencing the gentleman from Missouri
to withdraw his; yet, under the state of circum-
stances existing in this, House, I am now, and
should have been on that occasion, opposed to
such a proposition. I want the resolution, as in-
troduced by the gentleman from Missouri, voted
upon. I want it for the sake of having a test vote
upon the resolution itself, as well as for the pur-
pose of lying between us and the adoption of the
plurality rule. I care not how many resolutions
dt questions multiply between the present condi-
tion of the House and the adoption by the House
of the plurality rule. I am now, and should have
been on that occasion, for these reasons opposed
to the adoption of that resolution.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man from Maryland permit me for a moment?
Mr. WINSLOW. I was about to add a single
remark, to state, summarily, what were the pro-
ceedings in reference to that resolution. On Mon-
day, these circumstances existing, I drew back
from the policy of offering the resolution, and
therefore it was that I did not consult my friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.] I did not deem it
necessary to consult with him, unless that policy
was to be carried out. That is the reason why
the gentleman was not called upon by myself.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman from Maryland now yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to know
if the gentleman from Maryland is to occupy the
floor all day?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I can only yield
the floor for explanation.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise not for the purpose
of explanation, but to a question of order. I made
the same question of order yesterday, upon a gen-
tleman upon my own side, [Mr. Moore, of Ala-
bama,] because he was my personal and political
friend. I think that this system of farming out
the floor is wrong. If the gentleman from Mary-
land is not through, then he ought to go on and
finish his remarks, and let other gentlemen get
the floor as they can. I am opposed to this whole
thing of yielding the floor. Now, if the gentle-
man from Now York is in any way involved in
this matter 
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I attended that
conference with my friend from New Jersey, [Mr.
Riggs.]
Mr. BURNETT. Then I am willing that he
shall have the floor when the gentleman from
Maryland is done; but I am opposed to the gen-
tleman from Maryland holding the floor and
yielding it to other gentlemen.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 want to say
just one word.
Mr. BURNETT. Understanding that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Claric] was one of
that committee which I understand to have been
self-constituted, I certainly have no objection to
the gentleman from Maryland yielding the floor
to him.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The occasion
calls for a few words from me. I was present at
that conference of gentlemen representing the sev-
eral political organizations of this House which
stand in opposition to the Republican organization.
Sir, those committees were self-constituted, and
were well undeistood to be self-constituted; but
they embraced ten or twelve gentlemen as patri-
otic, as intelligent, and as national as any in this
House.
The object, Mr. Clerk, of that conference, if I
understood it, was to ascertain whether a com-
bination of the elements of this House in antag-
onism to the Republican organization was or was
not practicable. That was the purpose. ' After
.a conference of about two hours, and after full
and frank statements as to the positions of gen-
tlemen, (statements made in that security which
the relations of honorable gentlemen permit, and
which of course are not, in violation of the con-
fidence of gentlemen, to.be repeated here,) I think
I may say that it was generally conceded to be
impracticable at that moment to combine the ele-
ments of the House adverse to the Republican
organization upon any particularperson. Thcdis-
cussion went on, and the question arose whether
it might not be practicable that the elements of the
House thus adverse to the Republican organiza-
tion should unito in their action upon the resolu-
tion of m^ friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Gilmer,] and the resolution of my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Clark.] This subject was dis-
cussed at length, and, I think, without violation
of the confidence implied from the character of
the conference, I may say that every gentleman
there present was prepared to express the most
clear, decided, ami emphatic denunciation of the
