2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
arising from the extension of our railroad sys-
tem.
Mr. GREEN. The Postmaster General, in the
report which I have before me, says there is in
Florida a reduction of six hundred and forty-five
big dollars.
Mr. YTJL.EE. The reason as to Florida, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, is
given in the report of the Postmaster General;
and the total service per head in Florida does not
amount to a tithe of what the population in Mis-
souri is receiving.
Mr. TOOMBS. I see very clearly, Mr. Pres-
ident, how this thing is to end. The public in-
terest is to be overrode; the responsibility of car-
rying on this Department of the Government is
to be taken out of the hands of the Postmaster
General and pat with contractors, in order to
maintain post routes where they are not wanted
in the different States of this Union. The House
of Representatives have already done it. They
have put a provision in this bill that all the service
which has been diminished by the Postmaster
General, under the authority of law, shall be put
back to where it was, when probably there was
not a single human being in the House who knew
anything about it, except that in various neigh-
borhoods of the United States there had been
reductions; and whether it was necessary or
not, whether circumstances had changed or not,
whether improvements had substituted better ser-
vice for the old, without the least consideration,
for the benefit of contractors, and on account of
the clamors of neighborhoods, this action of the
Post Office Department, which has' been carried
on in this way for the last sixty years, is to be
overturned, because there is no power in this Gov-
ernment, where neighborhoods are affected, to
administer the laws fairly and honestly. That
is the whole of it, sir.
Then again, another object, as I remarked, was
to take the management of this Department out
of the hands of the Government; to take it out of
the hands of a man able, honest, faithful, and to
put it in the hands of contractors; for that is the
effect of a portion of the provision of the House,
that wherever contractors, in defiance of the order
of the Department, in defiance of the decision the
head of the Department had made under his own
contract, have gone and performed this service,
they shall have the public money as if no dimi-
nution had been ordered. That is, you rob the
public Treasury against law, and give it to con-
tractors, because they arc sufficiently numerous
to overawe and control the legislation of this
House and the other. That is the principle. If
it were the case of one man, it would not have been.
If there were only ten men interested, it would
not have been. If there were only a hundred
men interested in it, it would not have been thought
of; but when the number is sufficiently largo to
bring influences to bear on all sides, it is brought
into the bill; and if the amount were a million it
would pass a great deal easier.
Now, let us sec what is proposed to be done
by the committee. We hear every day clamors
of retrenchment and reform. Carrying back the
Government to the original principles of cconomy,
is the usual party slang when they get together.
Very well, sir; fiom 1789 to 1851, it was a settled
principle of this Government, as you have all
heard, with very partial and slight deviations,
which were immediately corrected by the public
servants, that this Department should support
itself. For that period there was no tax upon
the people of this country in order to pay for the
expenses of the correspondence of the enterpris-
ing classes. Pence were not levied out of poverty,
under the pretense, put up by the Senator from
Iowa, that we are as much .bound to carry a man's
letters that he has put in the post office as wc arc
to support the Army and Navy. I can tell the
honorable Senator that the distinction is as wide
'as that between bad government and good gov-
ernment. It is as wide as sound policy and duty
are apart from bad policy and a violation of duty.
It is the duty of this Government to protect the
life and the property of every citizen of the Re-
public at any cost. The whole power of the whole
State, the whole money of the whole State, is
bound by the social compact to protectevcry man;
but is it an obligation, under the social compact, to
carry men's letters ? No more than to carry their
hay or potatoes or cotton to market. 1 have en-
deavored to enforce the obligation of Government
to protect the people in their lives and property.
That is what armies and navies are for; but I do
not know of any obligation of the Government to
carry letters.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Georgia is
mistaken in regard to what I stated. I stated,in
connection with the Army and Navy, that the
Post Office Department was the servant of each
one of those Departments, and administered to the
Government in so far as it helped to carry on the
correspondence of those Departments. That was
the only reference I made to the Army and Navy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought the Senator put them
on the same ground of duty.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. Under the present law there
is an appropriation for Government transporta-
tion. The principle has been acknowledged for
many years that the Government ought to pay
for the transportation of its own matter, civil and
military, for the Army and Navy. As for that
work, the Government could get it done on the
same terms as other people.
Mr. GRIMIJS. I suppose the Senator is aware
that the appropriation does not pay for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. It does do it, and a great deal
more than do it. It is a great deal more, in my
judgment, than pays for it. I know it does not
pay for the fianked matter. It does not pay for
the thousands of tons of books, and other free
matter, that go through the mail; but it does pay,
according to the best estimate I have seen, for
those things that the Government sends for the
maintenance, at least, of these branches of the
public scrvicc. Our object in the committee was
to strike out this legislation, and to allow the Post-
master General the same control over his Depart-
ment that all Postmasters General have had from
the beginning. In public service of this kind
there must necessarily be a large discretion; and
we propose to put that discretion where the laws
put it, and where U has been put from the begin-
ning. By the provision of the bill, however, it
is taken away from the Post Office Department
and put in the hands of contractors. The public
Treasury is taken away from the control of the
law and putin the*hands of contractors; for when
the Postmaster General, in obedience to the law,
exercising that discretion which the law gives,
and which he has exercised for the last sixty
years, attempts to curtail the services, it is pro-
posed to authorize the contractor to say, "No; I
will judge; 1 will call a town meeting; I will talk
to the tavern-keepers on the road; I will talk to
the fellows who keep stables on the road, and if
they think it best for the public scrvicc to con-
tinue this route, I will continue it, and I will go
to my Senators and Representatives to pay me for
it." We are not called on to judge of the neces-
sity. They do not give us any data. But the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] said that we
are to presume that, when this service was put
there, it was in a wise discretion, and that it was
all right. This is a most rapid and extraordinary
growth of confidence, on tne part of the honor-
able Senator, in Democratic officers. He pre-
sumes it was all right, though another one has
come around and said it was not all right. If we
can extend confidence to Mr. Brown, when he
put on this service, Mr. Holt is entitled to the
same confidence, unless the Senator thinks a man
is entitled to more confidence for squandering the
public money than for saving it. That is the dif-
ference between them. The former Postmaster
General, as you have already heard, almost
doubled the service of the country, and Mr. Holt
has made an effort to reduce it. The Senator from
Maine gives unbounded confidence to one who
has squandered the public money, and denies the
least particle of public confidence to him who de-
sires to save it; and yet I believe he is a great
friend of cconomy and retrenchment. He is for
putting down a corrupt Administration—that is
the word that has gone forth from Chicago—put-
ting down a corrupt Administration; and yet you
are voting $7,000,000 deficiency upon a vote of
confidence in a Postmaster General who is dead
and gone ! That is the basis of it. I want to
call the attention of the country to it, for it will
prove exactly what your professions are worth.
You are to presume, because this scrvice is once
established, that it was rightfully established, and
therefore you say it ought to be put back again.
It may have been right when it was done, and yet
it may have been right to undo it. There are many
cases where it is right to put on service, and yet
it is right afterwards to take it off on account
of the change of circumstances. There may be
various causes for this. You will find, in looking
through the management of the Department from
the beginning, that they have put service on to
take it off according to circumstances. If a rail-
road runs between two points nearer than the or-
dinary post route, you do not want to keep on a
stage coach running three miles an hour against
the railroad cars, running twenty miles an hour.
Take the case of some of these various routes that
have been dismissed. I have marked some of
them. You have a $600,000 contract now running
from Memphis and St. Louis over to California.
It runs through Arkansas and through Texas, not
diverging twenty miles from it, for four hundred
miles, along a road where the mails are carried in
four-liorse post coaches. For the first four hun-
dred miles it runs along a road where there is that
conveyance now. Are we to run them both? It
was very wise to take them off. There is a route
from Memphis to Little Rock, and from Little
Rock to Fort Smith, and from Fort Smith to Fort
Belknap, or there was two or three years ago, for
I traveled it myself. Here comes a route, start-
ing fiom the same point and running to Fort Belk-
nap, on the Brazos river. The stage, perhaps,
does not go so far as the Brazos, but probably
stops at Dallas, or some point short of it. Here
are four or five hundred miles where, under pre-
tense of carrying a California through mail that a
man could carry in his hat on a mustang pony,
you run a line of post coaches where you already
have a similar line of stages. It is time to change
this system, unless you carry on the Government
for the benefit of contractors. A Postmaster Gen-
eral who would keep that up ought to be im-
peached. I think it would amount to such a mis-
use of the power conferred on him, that if he had
not dispensed with that service, he would be justly
amenable to censure, if not to punishment, for his
crime. But you propose to take it bodily and
throw it all back. My honorable friend from
Maryland has already shown you apart of these
facts. He has shown that we pay $70,000 or
$80,000 for carrying a few hundred dollars of mail
matter.
Mr. HEMPHILL. In relation to the route
the honorable Senator from Georgia speaks of, I
will say that it has not been discontinued, and
under the contract it could not be.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that; but the others
could be and ought to be. Suppose this goes
twice a week from Memphis to Dallas, and you
have a stage running there already three times a
week. Certainly, one trip a week of the local ser-
vice ought to be dispensed with, and could have
been done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Was not that a con-
gressional contract?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; but when yon have a
congressional contract that makes a local one un-
necessary, the local one ought to be abolished.
There is no law against that. Indeed, it is nom-
inated in the contract. Therefore, I say, if Con-
gress made a contract, one which may have been
a good one or a bad one, that made the local sei* 
vice unnecessary in whole or in part, the local
service ought to have been reduced to the extent
that this congressional service displaced it. That
is all I would require. I say, then, that service
ought to have been displaced. From Memphis to
Little Rock, and from Little Rock to Fort Smith,
you had a semi-weekly congressional route run-
ningon the same line with a local tri-weekly mail,
and one ought to have been dispensed with; and
the truth is, both were not running; and if both
were paid for, service was paid for that was never
done.
Then, sir, we seek to restrain the wise discretion
Which has been put into the hands of this Depart-
ment, and which has effected a retrenchment to
the extent of about a million dollars in the pub-
lic service, scattered all over the United States.
I do not know to this moment what the reduc-
tions were in my own State. I know, like the
Senator from Iowa, that some of the mail routes
in my own neighborhood were taken away, and
I never was consulted about it, and I never thought
it was the duty or business of the Postmaster
General to consult me. I have not been to his
