1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
36tii Gong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
efit that could be conferred upon the commercial
interest of the country, at so small an expense,
than the adoption by the leading Governments of
the world of a uniform system of commercial sta-
tistics—a uniform unit and currency, and uniform
weights and measures. Upon one branch of the
subject, valuable suggestions will be found in the
accompanying repoit of the Director of the Mint.
The importance of the subject cannot be over-
estimated, and it is hoped that it will receive the
careful consideration of Congress, at its present
session.
I must again call the attention of Congress to
the provisions of the act of March 3,1857, on the
subject of deposits by disbursing agents, and re-
peat the recommendations heretofore made for its
modification. In my former reports I have pre-
sented the reasons for some change of that act so
fully that I deem it unnecessary to do more, at
this time, than to refer to those reports, and, for
the reasons therein stated, again to request the
action of Congress on the subject.
The attention of Congress is particularly called
to the accompanying report from the engineer in
charge of the Bureau of Construction. It gives a
full and detailed account of the operations of that
bureau, charged with the construction of the va-
rious public buildings under the direction of tins
Department. The principal buildings now in pro-
cess of construction arc the Treasury extension,
in this city, and the custom-houses at Charleston
and New Orleans. These buildings were com-
menced under the direction of Congress before I
came into office. Each of them was planned on
an extensive scale, and large amounts had been
expended in their erection before my connection
with this Department. For this, neither my prc-
dec.t ssors nor myself are responsible. Our duty
in the premises had been simply executive. Un-
der these circumstances, i submitted, at the last
session of Congress, estimates for continuing the
work upon them during the present fiscal year.
Having been commenced, I deemed it sound pol-
icy and true economy to prosecute the works with
energy to their completion. The estimates sub-
mitted at the last session were made under that
conviction. Congress took a different view of the
subject, andreduced the estimates to a point which
seemed to look merely to the duty of preserving
the unfinished works from injury, and suspend-
ing, for the present, at least, their completion.
In accordance with the policy thus indicated, I
directed the operation on all these buildings to be
brought within the means at the disposal of the De-
partment; and when those means were exhausted
to stop the work. The report of the engineer m
charge will show that these directions have been
thus far complied with. The balances of fonuer
appropriations will soon be exhausted, when all
further operations will be suspended. In accord-
ance with the policy so clearly indicated by the
action of the last Congress, J have only estimated
for a sufficient sum to keep them from injury for
the next fiscal year. If Congress should adopt a
different policy at the present session,and determ-
ine to continue operations on these works, I would
respectfully refer to the report of the engineer in
charge for estimates of the amounts tiiat will be
required during the next fiscal year.
I would again invite the attention of Congress
to the subject of marine hospitals. The facts sub-
mitted, as well in the Inst as in the present report
of the engineer in charge of the Bureau of Con-
struction, demand an investigation of the subject
by Congress. The views which I have heretofore !
presented are strengthened by each year's expe- ;
nencc, and I would again press them upon_ the ,!
consideration of Congress. Tiiree new hospitals
have been completed, and are ready to be putinto
operation. Before it is done, the necessity and
propriety of the step should be considered in the
light of the facts presented in the reports to which
I nave referred. The refusal of the last Congress
to authorize any additional buildings of this char-
acter, would indicate a concurrence with the views
of the Department on the subject. Itpnly remains
to be determined what disposition should be made
of those which have already been erected.
In reference to other public buildings authorized ;
by previous acts of Congress, and heretofore sus- i
pended for the want of means, steps have been ji
token to bccure the selection of proper sites. ''
Plans and specifications are being prepared with
a view of commencing their erection when it can
be done with a due regard to the condition of the
Treasury. The policy of the last Congress, m
suspending the work upon those already in pro-
cess of construction, would indicate that new ones
should not be commenced until provision is made
for the completion of those already begun.
The condition of the Louisville and Portland
canal is so anomalous as to require the action of
Congress. Under the amended charter of the
State of Kentucky, of January 21,1842, the stock
previously belonging to individuals has been re-
deemed from the earnings of the canal, except
that a single share each is held by certain persons,
to qualify them to act as directors of the corpo-
ration. The act of the State of Kentucky, of
FebrqgLry22, 1844, provides that, when the Uni-
ted States shall become the sole owner of the canal,
the jurisdiction of the State over it shall be yielded
to the United States.
The amount advanced from the Treasury for
the construction of this canal was §233,500, and
the amount of dividends paid into the Treasury,
up to 1842, is $255,182 48; so that, in fact, the
whole cost of the stock held by the United States
had been reimbursed previous to the amended
charter. Since that charter, and the redemption
of the stock of individuals under its provisions,
the earnings of the canal have been applied to its
improvement by the directors, nnd whenever the
amount has exceeded that requirement, it is un-
derstood the tolls have been reduced. No revenue
has been received from it since that period, and
none is contemplated.
Under the laws of Kentucky the United States
are substantially owner? of tins canal, but no au-
thority has been given to supersede the corpora-
tion in its management, no action having been
had by Congress on this subject since the amended
charter by Kentucky. Under these circumstances
I would refer the whole subject to Congress, for
such action as they may deem proper.
The aunual report of the Director of the Mint
is herewith transmitted, (marked T2,) as also the
reports of the various bureaus of the Treasury
Department, (marked from A. to L.) They con-
tain much inteiestmg information in connection
with their respective branches of the public ser-
vice.
The report of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey will be laid before Congress at an early
day. HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Report'of tine Secretary of War.
War Department, December 1, 1859.
SfR: The authorized strength of the Army is
18,165 men, all told. On the 1st of July, the date
of the last complete returns, the actual number
reached 17,498. Of this number there are not more
than about 11,000 men available for active service
in the field. Tins httle force has been engaged,
with its usual activity and efficiency, since the
date of my last lepoit, in the discharge of its
arduous nnd multifarious duties, being required
to man about 130 permanent garrisons, pouts,
and camps, scattered over an area of three million
sfjunre miles. Under these circumstances, it has
been obviously impossible to givcrthat ample and
perfect protection to our whole frontier which our
citizens have a right to expect, and which it is the
duty of Government to alford. Indian depreda-
tions have been committed on our southern and
Mexican border,which, as yet,have been unchas-
tised for the want of men. I hope to make such
an alteration in the disposition of the troops next
season as will prevent any repetition of these out-
rages in future on that frontier.
It has been truly said that to call ours a peace
establishment is a mere abuse of terms. All the
incidents pertaining to an active war establish-
ment characterized our service throughout the
year, excepting only the casualties upon the bat-
tle field; and these, in our sen ice, arc far fiom ;
being few or insignificant The sudden calls to ]
which our troops are constantly liable, the length j
of marches to be made, the amount of real and ]
severe fatigue, privation, and haidship to be en- i
dured by them, are not exceeded in any service, j
nor at all equaled on any peace establishment what- 1
ever. The cheerfulness, alacrity, and efficiency
with which they have performed their duties en-
title them to the commendation of the country.
The positions held by our troops at the date of
my last report are, in the main, those they still
occupy, being the best to secure the peace of our
territories and to give protection to our frontiers
and the overland routes to the Pacific. The pa-
pers communicated with this report will show,
somewhat in detail, the movements of the troops
and the results of them.
The war which, last year, was going on with
the Comanches and Kiowas is still unfinished,
but the theater of it is extended from the western
part of our Texan boundary to the region lying
toward the, head waters of the Arkansas and Ca-
nadian rivers. Proper measures have been taken
to subdue those tribes, and to give perfect pro-
tection to the routes from Missouri and Arkansas
to New Mexico.
,ln connection with the subject of frontier defense,
1 venture to submit a plan which, if approved by
Congress, will, I am confident, be productive of
great ultimate good to the country and an essen-
tial saving to the Treasury. It is to allow by law
the enlistment of men for the mounted corps,
whose term of service shall continue for the period
of six months, beginning in May. These men
should be required to furnish their own horses,
for which a liberal per diem compensation ought
to be allowed them, but no remuneration for loss
or damage, unless the commanding officer should
certify that the horse had been actually-killed or
rendered useless by injury in battle. These six
months' recruits should compose one half of the
mounted regiments, and, if necessary, that num-
ber of the present force should be disbanded to
make room for them. T^°y would be composed
of the best young men of the frontier, many of
whom would gladly enter the service for that
length of time, but would never think of enlisting
for the term of five years. It is no objection to
say that six months would be too short a time
to make disciplined troops of these men. They
would all be skillful riders and dexterous in the use
of fire-arms—soldierly accomplishments which it
takes years to teach, inadequately, to many of
our mounted men. As they would go at once
into the field, they would need little beyond a
knowledge of routine necessary in camp life, for
they would be already fitted for spy or scout
duty, so essential in Indian warfare. In actual
battle with the Indians, success is more owing to
individual prowess, skill m arms, and horseman-
shin than to discipline.
After a few years, this system would supply the
frontier* with a very large number of settlers suf-
ficiently instructed and disciplined to give them
confidence and self-reliance, whose personal knowl-
edge of the country and the haunts of the savages
would render them fully capable of either defense
or attack. In point of economy, great advantages
would accrue to the country, ft would save all
expense for the forage of half the number of
horses belonging to the mounted service*, it would
save the pay, clothing, subsistence, fuel, and quar-
ters of the same number of men for half the year,
and during the most expensive part of it, the
winter; and whilst giving a fresh supply of good
horses every year, would cost the Government
nothing for "them. To prevent, any miscarriage
of the plan, it might be introduced gradually and
in such manner as not to impair the efficiency of
the service or to endanger the security of the
frontiers.
The Texan and New Mexican people would,
beyond doubt, gladly embrace such an opportu-
nity to enter the service, than whom no hotter
troops for such service could be found. 'This
system would save considerable sums in the hire
of spies and guides, nearly all of whom are now
taken from this class of men.
ST* TP DEPARTMENTS AND CORPS.
I again bring to your notice, and urge upon
your special attention, the recommendation which
1 have heretofore made on the subject of the staff
corps. Longer experience convinces me more
and more of \hc beneficial eftocts to the military
service which would result from the adoption of
these recommendations. A bill "for the hotter
organization of the general staff and of the engineer
