1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
office during this winter in regard to a single one
&f those routes, and I have been very much com-
plained of, even in my own^county and town,
on account of it. I take it for granted that he is
an upright man; and if he has acted on good
principle, and he looked to the productiveness of
the routes, I am willing to let nim act upon it.
No case was presented to me where his action
* appeared to be unjust, and therefore I never have
presented them to the Postmaster General. I was
not consulted, any more than that gentleman. I
consult no man in the discharge of my duty, and
I do not want other people to consult me in the
discharge of theirs. If I have a case where I think
wrong has been done, I will go to the Department
and talk with him upon the subject; but not hav-
ing any such case, 1 have not been there. .No-
body consults me about his business. I was not
consulted about this. The fact that the Senator
from Iowa was not consulted is not a sufficient
reason to complain. That is very generally the
case; certainly it is my own case. Ho who re-
lieves me from unnecessary consultation about his
business does me a favor, and not a wrong, in my
estimation.
You say this service now suffers most whore
the increase was greatest. We see from this state-
ment to what a terrible extent the late Postmaster
General was carrying this business. He is dead.
1 desire to say nothing about him, except that I
think he carried the service beyond the wants of
the people. I gave my opinion of his adminis-
tration at the last session of Congress. He aban-
doned the fundamental principle of the Depart-
ment. He said that it was a great civilizer. lie
departed from the business of carrying letters and
newspapers to carry civilization in his mail bags,
and that is the reason we have got into our pres-
ent calamities. That is what we want to correct,
and that is what these gentlemen who cry econ-
omyin their mouthsare endeavoring to maintain.
If the civilization runs by their door, if their little
tri-weckljr stage is brought down to twice a week,
or once a week, or if their horse-mail three times
a week is brought down to once a week, it is too
much civilization for them to let go, and with one
voicc they cry out, " Let this be"; that is all well
enough.
When we speak of the large expenditure of
this Government, and its continued extension,
there has been a greater proportion of enlarge-
ment, of abuse, and of violation of principle m the
Post Office Department than in any other in the
Government. You have already heard, from the
very elaborate and fall statement made by my
friends from Florida and Maryland, what wo have
done in that way. The Post Office Department
maintained itself till 1851. The moment that you
let go that great salutary principle which had
always governed until the act of 1851,and which
my friend from Vermont maintained—that you
should be confined in your extension of the pub-
lic service to your means—that day the ruin of the
Department commenced. There was then no
check on the Department to bring it back to tho
principle on which the law stood before 1851,and
there is no power strong enough on the face of
the earth to prevent it from absorbing the entire
revenues of the Republic; but if you confine it
there, there is safety; there was the road of safety
for above sixty years.
I do not at all concur with my friend from
Florida as to his view of the act of 1836. I say,
that when Congress, in the act of 183G, said "No
matter what we appropriate, you shall not take
a dollar but your own revenues," it was a pro-
hibition, an express prohibition, to spend no more;
and it took the most overwhelming necessity of a
deficiency where the public service was rendered
inevitable, not an ordinary course of administra-
tion, to bring in a deficiency bill; and deficiency
bills were rarely brought in under the old system.
The money stays in the Treasury; it is put there
by law, and it cannot come out but by law; and
if the Postmaster General takes it out or charges
it by a contract contrary to law, he violates the
Constitution, and I will not maintain him.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say to the gentle-
man from Georgia, that these deficiencies which
appear m this table, showing that there was an
arrearage in 1845, 1846, and 1847, were provided
for m this way: in 1845, when the postage was
reduced to five and ten cents, at the time Mr.
Johnson was Postmaster Q-encral, there was a
2895
provision made that we should keep an account
with the different Departments for their postage,
and that made up the deficiency; and in 1847,
|200,000 was appropriated to save the trouble of
keeping the accounts, and that has been all paid;
so that those deficiencies put down there were all
provided for from time to time in this mode. It
was not that Mr. Johnson or anybody else ran
up deficiencies.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; I believe that up to
1851 they kept inside of the postage and appro-
priation. f
"Mr. YULEE. What I meant was, that there
was no^ mandate from Congress contained in the
legislation of the country, that the Department
was still at discretion to increase or diminish the
service, put the service according to the discretion,
and that involved cost; but the policy of the De-
partment and the indication of Congress always
were that they should keep within the revenues.
Mr. TOOMBS. In 1845, the postage was re-
duced to five and ten cents, according to distance.
Experience showed that that was a better point
for the business of the country than the old post-
age. The Department was going on and main-
taining itself, the revenue increasing with the busi-
ness of the country. Then the postage was
brought down to three cents. The tables shown
by the Senator from New Hampshire arc all de-
lusive. He wants to maintain the three cent post-
age, and, therefore, he goes on to show us that
the total amount of postage actually increased
under the three cent rate. His table includes the
money received from ocean postages. I say there
has been no increase; certainly none commen-
surate with the increase of population and busi-
ness in the country. Since you put the postage
at three cents, you have gone on and enlarged the
service without reference to the receipts. You
took off the restriction in 1851 and multiplied the
mail service twice, thrice, yea, four times, while
you have been getting only a small addition to
your revenue.
Mr. COLLAMER, Will the Senator indulge
me one moment? From 1851, we paid all the
expenses of carrying the mails to California, back
and forth, out of the Treasury, and the Post Office
got all the ten cent postage in their accounts.
Mr. TOOMBS. Precisely. I reviewed all this
idea last year, 1 know my friend fiom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Elglhh] was saying then that there
was a great deficiency in our portion of the coun-
try. I carod nothing about that. I replied to
that, that we were always against it; that wc were
always willing to raise the rate of postage, and
keep that Department withm the limits of its rev-
enue. The South want no departure from prin-
ciple, but desire you to adhere to the true princi-
ple of the system. The statement of the Senator
irom New 1-Iampshire was delusive; a statement
that did not convey any truthful idea of the fact.
He took all the sources of revenue. The fact
was, that in some of these cases you paid the ex-
pense from the Navy Department, and received
the postage through the PostmasterGeneral,and
charged it all to the three cmt system. That was
tho case with a portion of the foreign mails: you
paid for the service out of the Treasury, and ail
the receipts came in at New York, through the
Post Office Department. That was the way it
seemed to bean increase, when the domestic post-
age was not at all increased, in comparison with
the increase of the country and the growth of the
service. The service, you have already seen,
was carried in two years from forty-six to forty-
eight million miles. Therefore you ran twice
as many miles, and did not get five per cent,
increase.
Now, I put it to Senators from every State of
the Union, if, because we have had an indulgent
or liberal or free Postmaster General, and he has
yielded to gentlemen and put on his tri-wcckly
and weekly or daily post coaches, or twice daily
service, with railroads, when once a day would
do all over the United States, is it possible that
we cannot perform our duty and allow this dis-
cretion, at least until we show that there was a
wrong exercise of it? 1 am willing to admit that,
when the case is shown that there was a wrong
exercise of that authority, I shall be willing to
correct it, but the evidence must be strong and
overwhelming. When you show me no fact, not
even ex parte; when you do not call for any evi-
dence, but simply say, " Put back every line of
service where it was," I cannot agree to it# Is
it statesmanship ? Is it not losing all control oyer
the public service? Are you not paying not ac-
cording to law, not according to the discretion of
the Department, but are you not paying for- the
transportation of the mail according to tho dis-
cretion of contractors ? That is the way you are
doing; and you have made the contractors'will
the postal law of the United States, by this pro-
vision of the bill of the House of Representatives.
You throw your Treasury at the feet of these
enterprising, active citizens. What will become
of it?^ "V ou take away all ^strictions of law and
give it to them. There comes to us not a fact,
not a report, not a statement in any way justify-
ing this proceeding. All the old objection which
has hitherto been made against legislating in
appropriation bills is forgotten. We heard a
great deal of it when the effort was to retrench
expenses, to take away the frankingprivi!ege,to
raise postage. Then there was a great clamor in
this Chamber, "Do not put it there; take any
form but this; do it regularly, decently, and in
order." Now you come and propose, by law,to
increase the public expense to an amount which
you cannot guess by millions, and I have no
doubt that not one man in ten who votes for it
can come within a million dollars of how much
it will cost the Government; but if it is to go on,
then where is the limitation ? Is it to stand this
year only? Why not next year? If you say
that, when a post rou te is established, just as long
as a contractor chooses to carry the mails, he
shall carry them forever, in defiance of the De-
partment, or at all events until the time named in
his contract runs out and the contract expires,
what control is there lo be over these expendi-
tures? It is against the policy of the Department;
against the whole practice of the Government.
Now, I have a word to say about the Isabel.
She touches at Savannah; and I have got memo-
rials from people, letters from interested people,
frotn the Chamber of Commerce at Savannah,
and others, saying, " P>y all means keep up the
Isabel; wc want it." It is a very popular thing;
it is a good shin, and has done its duty well.
What have I to go but follow my uniform line of
policy, and give them the same rules as every-
body else ? Sixteen years' experience here—and
i was here when this steamship system com-
menced, m 1847—have satisfied me that congres-
sional contracts are always unwise, and they are
the fruitful source of boundless legislative corrup-
tion. Therefore, I will never sustain one under
any necessity whatever. I have resisted them
years upon years. We are not a body to contract; ,
we are liable to be imposed on m drafting a law,
in passing a law, in a thousand ways in which in-
fenious cunning can overcome honest simplicity;
do not care how intelligent we may be, we are
not the proper parties to do it. I will put the Is-
abel on the same principle as the whole mail ser-
vice of the United States. There is a small mis-
take in this. I had not supposed that they had
varied the route in the House; but my friend,the
chairman, tells me they have. The only ques-
tion, I supposed, was to keep it from a close con-
tract to an open one. My intention was to make
an open contract, and to put it up to the lowest
bidder. I was willing to let them take the ocean
postage from Key West to Havana, and make
no congressional contract. All this stuff about
war steamers amounts to nothing. Why, sir,
before my friend from South Carolina came here,
we settled that business. Wc contracted with
Collins for war steamers. We had reports from
our best naval officers, who gave their sworn tes-
timony before the Committee of Waysand Means,
of which I was a member at the time, that there
was not one of them that would stand the fire of
its own battery. That was the testimony of our
experienced naval constructors. They were good
ships for commerce; but it was sworn before that
committee, and proclaimed in my own speeches
to the House, in opposition to the acceptance of
them, that they were not fit for war vessels. That
was duringGeneral Taylor'sadmmistration. Mr.
Preston,his Secretary of the Navy,atfirstrefused
publicly to accept them, because they were not
fit for mail steamers. The contract required that
they should be war steamers, and should be ac-
cepted by the officers of the Government. It was
not done. I think we sent a commission of naval
officers, and they swore that none of the vessels
