10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Heps.
and ordnance departments,'' was reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs at the last session
of Congress, which embodied the main principles
of my suggestions and recommendations^ With
some modifications of its details, tending to pro-
mote economy by a reduction of additional officers
therein provided, that bill, if enacted into a law,
would bring about suitably the end in view. The
general effect of its provisions will be to throw
open the staff duties to the whole Army, to bring
the staff and line officers into more frequent and
intimate connection, and to provide for returning
to their regiments such officers as may be found
to have no aptitude for staff duties. Now, under
the existing organization, such officers holding a
commission but in one branch of the service, can-
not be transferred, however much the interests of
the service, or their own tastes and wishes may
render such transfer desirable. By the proposed
organization, there will be a few permanent offi-
cers in each of the staff departments and corps,
who, by their long experience in the special du-'
ties pertaining to each, will be well qualified to
- take general charge of, and give general directions
to its business, leaving the execution of the details
to the officers of the line. These officers will ac-
quire thereby a knowledge of, and a familiarity
with, staff duties, which will be of incalculable
benefit in time of war, when large armies are to
bo organized and kept in the field. The proposed
arrangement will effect, moreover, the very desir-
able end of making every officer, on first joining
the Army, serve for a time in a regiment, and
thus become practically acquainted with soldiers'
duties, and the actual wants of troops in service,
before ho can become eligible to appointment in any
of the staff departments or corps. No officer will
beappointed permanently to any ofthem (although
the competition for such appointments will bo
equally open to all) until he shall have shown an
aptitude and talent for its special duties; thus
adding a practical standard of fitness to the present
theoretical one of class standing during pupilage
at the Military Academy. Such a diffusion of
the knowledge of the duties of the staff depart-
ments and corps among the whole Army, instead
of confining it, as at present, to a few officers,
will be of great benefit to the military service of
the country.
I venture again to call your attention to the
urgent necessity for an additional inspector gen-
eral. Our territory is too large for the duties of
inspection to bo performed by the present officers,
and the duties are far too important to be neglected.
RETIRED LIST.
There is another measure for increasing the
efficiency of the Army, which was recommended
by my predecessor. I fully concur in it, and rec-
ommended it in my annual reports. This is a
provision for retiring disabled and infirm officers.
Separate bills for effecting this object, identical
in language, were reported from the respective
military committees of both Houses of Congress
at the last session. The provisions of these bills
meet my entire concurrence. They secure every
officer a fair and open examination of his case,
with the privilege of adducing testimony to be put
on record, and submitted to the examination of
the President, who must concur in its sufficiency,
to establish disability for active service before the
officer can be retired. Their enactment will ben-
efit the public service, and at the same time make
a fair provision for officers who may have been
worn out in service, whilst it will carefully guard
the rights of all who may be affected by its oper-
ation, and exclude the influence of favoritism or
prejudice. The many objections which have been
urged against a similar measure for the naval ser-
vice, and which are due, not to the measure itself,
but to the manner in which it was effected, are
entirely obviated by the proposed mode of ap-
plying the retired system to the Army. I again
bring this subject to special notice, and repeat my
former recommendations in its favor.
ENLISTED TEAMSTERf .
The importance of a regularly enlisted corps of
teamsters has been so long and so often brought
to the notice of Congress that nothing but a deep
conviction of its almost absolute necessity induces
me to refer to it again. For the want of that au-
thority which enlistment alone will give, most
serious delays have often occurred in starting im-
portant trains for the use of the Army; and the
exigencies of the service, caused by bad faith in
performing engagements, h&ve been seized upon
by teamsters to exact exorbitant wages from the
Government. If a law was passed authorizing
the enlistment of competent and reliable men for
this special duty, whose term of enlistment should
run for one year, all the trouble, inconvenience,
and heavy expense, now so frequently incurred,
would be wholly avoided. There cannot possibly
be any well-founded objection to this plan, but,
on the contrary, every consideration recommends
it, most particularly as it would bo attended with
a large saving to the country in cash each year.
The necessity for this measure becomes more
urgent as our operations are more removed be-
yond the borders of our settlements.
The experiments thus far made—and they are
pretty full—demonstrate that camels constitute a
most useful and economical means of transpor-
tation for men and supplies through the great
deserts and barren regions of our interior. A
camcl will go safely with its burden over ground
so rough and precipitous that a mule will scarcely
pass over it unladen without assistance. They
require no forage but what they gather in the most
sterile and barren parts of our continent, and, for
many days together, live conveniently without
water. An abundant supply of these animals
would, beyond all doubt, enable our Army to give
greater and prompter protection to our frontiers,
and to all our inter-oceanic routes, than three times
their cost expended in any other way. As a meas-
ure ofeconomy and efficiency, I cannottoo strongly
recommend the purchase of a full supply to the
favorable consideration of Congress.
The report of the Surgeon General contains im-
portant suggestions for the good of the service.
The increase of the medical staff, recommended
by him, has become a necessity, and requires the
action of Congress.
The coffee ration of the Army is fixed by law,
and cannot be altered by any regulation. It is
manifestly too small, and ought to be increased.
The good of the service requires that the supply
of coffee, for the Army, should be put 011 the
same footing with all other rations, and left to the
experience of the service to fix the quantity. I
herewith transmit a eommunication from a sur-
geon of the Army upon this subject, whose rec-
ommendations are concurred in by Brevet Major
General Twiggs.
The reports of Colonel Delafield and Major
Mordecai, of their observations on the military
systems of Europe, wore submitted to Congress
last session. They contain information of great
value to the Army and the country, and deserve
to bo printed without delay.
The efficiency of our artillery has at all times
been an object of solicitude to those who have
considered its importance. The arm is one for
which both study and experience are particularly
necessary. Our military establishment is so small
that every corps in the Army is mainly employed
in active scrvice of a general description, and all
attention by tjgj troops to any special branch of
military science has to be made secondary and in-
cidental. I have endeavored to mitigate the evils
of this system, as far as the artillery is concerned,
by prescribing and creating facilities for a habitual
disciplire in the service of that arm. The corps
has been divided into two classes—one to garrison
the more importantpermancnt fortifications, where
they can have the means of practice in heavy artil-
lery; and the other to occupy posts where troops
arc required, as on the Indian frontier. Each of
the latter has a light company and battery, which
arc designed to bp the means of instruction to the
other companies in that branch of the service. A
system of theoretical and practical instruction has
been proscribed for every artillery post; and, by
a periodical exchange of companies between the
fortifications and field artillery posts, each com-
pany will have an opportunity of instruction and
experience in all branches of the arm, and, at the
same time, share the hardships of actual ccrvicc.
The proportions in which the two classes should
be arranged, and the selection of stations, are
questions to be determined according to the ex-
igencies of the service, and may vary from time
to time. The companies, excepting those which
are mounted, preserve the infantry armament and
discipline, as heretofore, and are liable to duty in
that capacity whenever required.
MILITARY SICJNALS.
Assistant Surgeon Albert J. Myer, of the med-
ical corps of the Army, having submitted to this
Department a system of military signals for the
purpose of communicating intelligence or orders
between distant points on land, a board was con-
vened in March last to examine into its merits.
The board reported favorably to the adoption of
this plan for the uses of the Army. A series of
experiments with the field signals, instituted under
special instructions from this Department, have
developed results which promise to be of value to
the service. With an equipment simple, strong,
weighing but sixteen pounds, and so compact as
to be rapidly carried from place to place by a sol-
dier mounted or on foot, which requires for its use
but a single man, communication has been kept
up and messages transmitted by day and at night
a distance of fifteen miles. Messages have been
sent five miles without any apparatus especially
provided for the purpose.
For the distances at which communication by
signals would be needed for military uses, the
plan proposed appears to be ready and reliable.
The trials in progress give reason to believe that
by the use of such signals there may be secured
to the service a mode of communication more easy,
safe, and available than any hitherto known. The
advantages to accrue to an army from a practical
system of telegraphing do not require comment.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The benefits which the Army and the country
are daily deriving from the Military Acadsmy
render it unnecessary forme to commend it to the
cheerful support of Congress. The adoption of
a five instead of a four years' term, which was
done by my predecessor, has afforded the means
of improving the course of studies, and introdu-
cing somewhat more of practical instruction than
was previously possible, though greatly needed.
Some slight modification in the programme of in-
struction is perhaps needed, so as not to crowd the
course too much, and to adjust the different studies
in accordance with their relative importance. I
am giving attention to that matter now. The
subjects of strategy, grand tactics, military organ-
ization, and administration, &c., I have thought
it particularly desirable to give more importance
to, and have taken steps for that object,
EXPENDITURES OF TIIE DEPARTMENT.
The circumstances connected with the expend-
itures of the War Department for the present
fiscal year have been anomalous, and not free from
considerable embarrassment. Until this year,
Congress has scarcely ever failed to grant the
appropriations asked for by the Department, and
whilst the country was prosperous, and large sums
were received at the Ticasury, these appropria-
tions were on a liberal and extensive scale.
The estimates for this fiscal year were prepared
for the last Congress with the greatest scrutiny
and care; large reductions were made in many
items of expenditure, and, indeed, all was reduced
to the lowest point to which it was thought safe
to go, so as to keep the Army upon the footing
where it had been placed, and to avoid a deficiency
bill, asking for money to defray expenses neces-
sarily incurred beyond the sums appropriated by
Congress. This reduced scale of expenditure
Congress seemed to think was still greater than
the public service required, and an arbitrary re-
duction of very nearly two million dollars was
made upon the estimates submitted. From the
date of this appropriation until the commencement
of the fiscal year, when this reduced scale of ex-
penditure should begin, was so short a time that
it involved much difficulty in preparing for it over
so wide a spacc of territory as our Army occu-
pied. All essential change in the movement and
economy of the Army became absolutely neces-
sary to conform to the policy of Congress, and
to avoid a deficiency. The usual expenditures
upon barracks and quarters for the troops were
