482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
tell how many others would be required. Then
we desired to arrive at a direct vote upon the res-
olution offered by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr, Clark.] How were we to do that? The
resolution of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Gilmer.] was in the way. How were we to
get at a direct vote? By agreeing upon some reso-
lution which should embrace the two propositions
in such a way as to make-it acceptable to the
three parties opposed to the Republican party.
Of course, there was obliged to be some concilia-
tion and concession in this matter. The honor-
able gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Wins-
low] has said he would not have drawn that res-
olution and submitted it to be voted upon in its
present terms and words, but he was willing to
concede something for the purpose of bringing
about that harmony of feeling between the parties
resulting from voting together upon a number of
ballots which we thought might result in the elec-
tion of a Speaker. So the resolution was drawn.
The preamble was to cover the proposition in-
troduced by the gentleman from North Carolina
which recited the resolutions of the old Whig
and Democratic platforms, and embodied, also, a
paper signed by certain members of Congress
to the same effect. I regarded that preamble as
simply a reiteration of the Democratic platform
on that subject—that the Democratic party stands
committed against the agitation of the slavery
question, either in or out of Congress. I, thcic-
forc, could vote for that cheerfully. The last part
of the resolution, it was thought, expressed more
minutely the precise object ot the gentleman from
Missouri, because, while gentlemen might deny
that they had ever read the Helper book, they
could not deny that they had heard the extiacts
read from the Clerkdesk; and it was thought
better on that account to present the resolution m
that form.
Now I hope the gentleman from Missouri will
believe that 1 was willing, at all times, and stand
ready to-day, to vote for his resolution. • In the
speech that I made here, on the 13th of December,
I advocated it as having been necessarily and ap-
propriately introduced. Of course, he cannot
question my integrity or the position which I
occupy in regard to his resolution.
He says that we did not consult with him, and
that he will disown our action. I ask him with
whom did he consult when he intioduced his res-
olution ? Did he consult the Democracy? No;
he acted on his personal responsibility in offering
a resolution winch I never heard of till it was
offered; and I never charged him with a desire lo
force upon me and upon the Democracy a position
that might have been obnoxious to us. Now here
is a proposition brought forward, sustained by
four of his own party on consultation with others,
and yet he complains that he was not consulted
ubout it. At the same time I assure the gentle-
man that my friend from North Carolina was,
at my suggestion, first to submit the resolution
which we agreed upon to the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Mississippi asks me with whom 1 consulted
before I introduced the resolution? I answer that
1 consulted with none but Democrats. I had no
consultation with gentlemen on this floor who did
riot recognize the Democratic organization, or
who did not, as I understood, act in concert to
produce an organization favorable to the Demo-
cratic party. Gentlemen will at once perceive
that it would be improper for me to name those
with whom I did consult; but I tell him, and gen-
tlemen will bear me witness, that I did consult
with a number of Democrats on that subject be-
fore I took a single step. I could not, as a matter
of course, in the absence of any assemblage of
the Democratic party, consult with all the Demo-
crats. But the gentleman misapprehended my
remark, and I want to relieve him. I wanted to
absolve myself from all obligation in regard to
the resolution to which this conference committee
agreed. If Democrats think proper to hold a self-
constituted committee ond to go into a self-consti-
tuted caucus with the elements of the opposition
to the Republican party outside of the Democratic
party, they must take the responsibility. I, in
no way, share it. I have not made any reflection
on that gentleman or any other gentleman for
taking any action they thought proper to organ-
ize the House, I only meant to say that I decline
to share any responsibility in the course they
have taken.
Now, the explanation made by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,] my dis-
tinguished friend from New York, [Mr. Clark,]
and the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Mc-
Rae,] as to their purpose to consult me before any
final action was taken in the premises, at once
places the matter in a right and satisfactory shape
before me and before the country; and I beg them
to so understand it
I wish to be permitted to make another remark.
I objected—and the House will perceive I had a
right to object—to the initiation of any plan for
organizing the House based upon the withdrawal
or modification of my resolution, unless I had
been previously consulted. Therefore, it was
,propcr I should say what I have said on thatsub-
ject.
In that connection, I want further to say, that
while I am willing to take my share of the respons-
ibility of the non-organization of the House, I
am unwilling that members of my own party
should make an arrangement placing on my head
and on my individual responsibility the disor-
ganized state of the House, while I act in concert
with them, and take my proportion of the respons-
ibility. It is for that reason that 1 regarded the
action of this conference committee as unkind to-
ward me. I.only heard of it through the news-
papers, and regarded it as a thing that might or
might not be true. Hence the remarks that I
made, out of all kindness; and I now state to the
House and to gentlemen, that their statement is
entirely satisfactory.
Mr. McRAE. Of course I am satisfied with
the gentleman's statement. I was, in the begin-
ning, satisfied with his position; and it only
shows the necessity and piopricty of gentlemen
not being over anxious to express themselves or
their opinions on any question till they have
heard what the merits of it arc, and know how
they ought to stand in regard it. That is the
only answer I have to make to the gentleman. I
know he was obliged to be satisfied with the ac-
tion of the gentlemen who were on that consulta-
tion committee. That committee acted entirely
without authority. Their action was not binding
on any man. No member of the committee
brought the subject to the attention of the House.
It came up here to-day in an indirect way, from a
publication made in a newspaper. How it got
into the paper no mortal man, it seems, can tell.
I cannot tell. I did not know it was in the paper,
and never saw the resolution again till yesterday,
when my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Winslow] brought it to me, that I might go
around to submit it to our friends. I told them
that the lesolution was agreed upon as part of a
programme. Many of them disapproved of the
policy of introducing it, and some disapproved of
its language. I m;ver expected to hear of it any
more. We thought thatif we could get the united
vote of all the parties opposed to the Republican
enemy in the House, that it might bring about a
state of good feeling between members of the dif-
ferent parties here, and might ultimately enable
us to concentrate our votes for Speaker.
I believe that is a true, concise, correct history of
this thing. I have no objection to have everything
known that I did m the conference, even to the
speech which I made to the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] in which, I
think, I proved to him conclusively that the Dem-
ocrats could not vote for him as Speaker of the
House. [Laughter.] I do not know but! will take
occasion to state this very thing in the House, in a
spiritof kindness. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Etiieridge] asked, on the 13th oflastmonth,
whether the Democrats would vote for Mr. Gil-
mlu? if he could get thirty-five votes, would the
Democrats not come to Ins support? I think I
can satisfy the House and the country that the
Democratic party is not responsible, under any
circumstances, for not voting for that gentleman.
I think some good would have been accomplished
if the committee could have induced the three
parties to unite in their vote on this programme,
and to come finally to vote on this resolution. I
I believe I am now through; and I will answer the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haskin] by re-
ferring him to my honored friend from New York,
[Mr. Claric,] who knows what he ought to say
to that question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, resumed the floor.
Mr. HASKIN. Now, Mr. Clerk, if the gen-
tleman from Maryland will give me the floor for
a moment, for a personal explanation 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is that I believe all the gentle-
men who were on the committee have spoken,
who desired to speak.
Mr. HILL. No. I have not spoken.
Mr. BURNETT. I am perfectly willing that
all the members of the committee shall be heard;
but I make the point on any other gentleman who
shall undertake to get the floor.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask the gentleman from Ma-
ryland to yield me the floor, inasmuch as the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. McRae] has refused
to answer a question which I put, to know whether
my colleague, [Mr. Clark,] who claims to be an
anti-Lecompton Democrat, favored the proposi-
tion before this self-constituted Sabbath confer-
ence committee to vote down the proposition of*
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] to correct the Journal. I wanted to know
whether that had been approved by my colleague;
and I desired 
Mr. McRAE. Does the gentleman say that I
refused to answer him a question? He puts a
question to me which he has no right to put to me
while his colleague is here in his place to answer
it. I put it to the sense of the House whether J
was bound to answer.
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman refused to an-
swer 
Mr. McRAE. I had no right to answer. I
referred the gentleman to his colleague.
Mr. HASKIN. My colleague, sir, having im-
pertinently said on this floor that it was none of
my business, I desire now to make an explana-
tion personal to myself, and personal to that col-
league, for the purpose of showing to the Houso
and the country in what a circus-riding aspect
that colleague stands in the House. [Loud and
excited calls to order.] Now, sir, I desire to make
a personal explanation [cries of " Order!" "Or-
der!"] for the purpose of satisfying the House—
[continued calls to order from the Democratic
benches]—for the purpose of satisfying the House
that my colleague, who claims to be an anti-Le-
compton Democrat, has, on this and on other ques-
tions, acted with 
Mr. BARR, (amid much confusion and excite-
ment.) I call the gentleman to order. [Cries of
" Order!'"4 Order!"] I call on the Clerk to direct
the Sergcant-at-Arms to make gentlemen take
their seats 
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to show that that gen-
tleman  [Loud and angry cries of "Order!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
will suspend his remarks till order is restored in
the Hall.
Mr. BARR. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. KEITT. Where personal difficulties exist
among gentlemen, it is their business to settle them
outside of this Hall.
Mr. HASKIN. 1 rose to make a personal ex-
planation; and I have a right to do so.
Mr. KEITT repeated his remark, which was
hardly audible from the noise and confusion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman frorri
New York has no right to bully the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 am entitled to
the floor, and I demand it at your hands, Mr.
Clerk.
The CLERK. The Sergeant-at-Arms will go
into the House and insist that members shall re-
sume their seats. The Clerk calls upon members
to preserve the order of the House.
Haifa dozen members addressed the Clertaamid
cries of "Order!" "Take your seats!" "Sit
down !"
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Clerk, I want to say a word.
The CLERK. No member will be recognized
until order is restored.
Mr. TAYLOR took the Clerk's desk and en-
deavored to address the House, but the confusion
among the members who crowded into the area,
and the constant cries from all sides of "Order!"
"Sit down! "together with excited conversations,
prevented him from proceeding.
The CLERK again appealed to members to pre-
serve order.
The Sergeant-at-Arms carried the mace of the
House of Representatives through the Hall, and
compelled members to disperse to their seats.
