1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope it is the last bill
of the sort that will he passed. It is an exceed-
ingly incautious sort of legislation, and one that
I think dries very little credit to our prudence or
our proceedings in the work of legislation. You
do not know, from the face of the bill, what you
are voting for; you are voting for an indefinite
number of trips, an indefinite service supposed to
be performed by a man, and voting that ho shall
be paid for it according to a certain criterion.
You know nothing; do not know the sum of
money you are voting away; you do not know
what is the service performed; you do not know
the criterion according to which it is to be calcu-
lated. I think the committee ought to take the
bill back, and report one which shall enable us to
know what >ve are paying. Nevertheless, I do
not intend to be scrupulous about it.
Mr. RICE. I will state to my honorable friend
from Kentucky that there were but three claims
of this kind. One has already been paid; the
other has passed this body twice and the House
once; the third one is now ponding. The parties
carried these mails in accordance with contracts
made by the postmasters upon the routes, and by
the special agents of the Department, and the De-
partment has of itself approved of them by step-
ping in and agreeing upon the amount to be paid—
$100 a trip; but the Department has not the power
to make the contract apply to the past, but only
to the future. They merely ask to be paid for the
past the amount that the Department says it is
right should be paid for the future. This claim
and one other are all that are left for that ser-
vice. I believe I scrutinize these matters about as
closely as almost any one, and I am opposed to
claims that are vague and indefinite; but I do
think that these are just. I think I may say I
know they are just; and when I say to the Sen-
ate that the commerce that lias passed therSault
Ste. Marie canal for the last year, by official state-
ments from the State of Michigan, amounted to
$10,000,000, and that this is every dollar that has
been paid or is to be paid for mail service there,
the Senate must be satisfied that it is a very small
amount.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know if the chair-
man of the PostO.ffico Committee or any member
of the Senate can state how much this will amount
to. I should like to know, as well as the Senator
from Kentucky, what it will amount to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know the precise
amount, but the boat makes about twelve trips a
year. It amounts to §1,200 a year.
Mr. POLK. How many years is the claim
for ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think four or five years,
but I am not sure.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Seven or eight.
Mr. CHANDLER. It may be six or seven or
eight years. It is a very small sum.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not heard this bill read,
but I know all about the service. If the bill is
framed in such a way as to pay to this claimant
the same amount that was paid to the owneis of
the North Star, by Mr. Turner's bill that passed
two years ago, it is right that it should be paid.
Mr. RICE and Mr.^INGHAM. It is just the
same.
Mr. BRIGHT. That case was very carefully
examined. I was a member of the Post Office
Committee myself, and examined it, as I have ex-
amined this ease. The only difficulty with these
parties was, that they had no contract for the ser-
vice; but they performed the service with the as-
surance that they should be paid a reasonable
compensation. Congress, the session before last,
declared what that compensation was in Mr. Tur-
ner's case- This bill, I suppose, is framed on the
principle of allowing here the same amount.
[•' Exactly."] It is right, and ought to be paid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The objection which the
Senator from Kentucky makes to this bill struck
me upon reading it, andlhavc sentanamendment
to the Secretary's desk, which I should like to
have reported. The objection I have- to the bill
as it reads is, that it makes it the duty of the De-
partment to give this parly a fixed sum, equal to
that now paid for carrying the same mail. "VVe
do not know whether the mail, during the time
that this person claims to have carried it without
contract, was carried in the same way as often
under the same responsibilities as it is now car-
ried; and I propose to amend the bill so as to leave
the discretion to the Postmaster General for the
payment of the service that was rendered not
under contract, not to exceed in any case the sum
now paid, to be diminished if he thinks the ser-
vice formerly done was not equal to the service
now done. I ask the Secretary to read the amend-
ment; and with that amendment I can vote for
the bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is,
from line fifteen to strike out to the end of the bill,
in the following words:
" An amount equal per trip to that now allowed by the
Department for the same service, deducting therefiom the
amount heretofore paid."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Such compensation as the said Postmaster General may
find to be just and equitable; in no event to exceed that now
allowed for the same service, deducting therefrom the
amount heretofore paid.
Mr. RICE. I do not understand the amend-
ment. The Postmaster General has stated that
§100 a trip was but just and equitable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. For the former service ?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir; and for the present ser-
vice it is precisely the same. I will ask my hon-
orable friend from Louisiana, suppose the Post-
master General should take, as a criterion, the
amount paid in his State, or the amount paid for
ocean scrvicc: could he not run up to two or
throe thousand dollars a trip?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator certainly does
not understand the amendment. The bill, as re-
ported, makes it imperative on the Postmaster
General to pay as much as he now pays—makes
that the criterion.
Mr. RICE. Yes; §100 for two thousand miles
of service.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well. Now, it may
so happen that the Postmaster General may know
very good reasons, which we do not know, why
there should not be as much allowed. He has got
that purly no w bound down. He-is obliged to take
the mail at the particular times and periods pointed
out, and under the regulations of the Department.
Formerly, it was a voluntary service; one at the
request of agents, as they might happen to be 
Mr. RICE. Not voluntary, I will say to the
Senator.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I leave that consideration
out. Now, the proposition I liave made is this:
the Postmaster General shall have some discre-
tion as to how much he shall pay; but he shall
not go beyond the present price. That is what
my amendment states; and if he thinks the present
price is too much, if he does not think it ought to
be §100 a trip, he ought to diminish the amount.
Mr. RICE. The past service was the same as
the present service precisely. The Postmaster
General made a contract to commence the last sea-
son at §100 a trip for two thousand miles of the
most dangerous service that is performed in the
United States, and the cheapest service upon the
face of the earth. Why leave this discretionary
with him ? I do not understand the object of it.
Suppose he says twenty-five dollars a round trip,
or fifty dollars: why put these men, after having
lain out of their pay for so long a time, at the dis-
cretion of any one, when they come here and ask
Congress to settle the matter? I do not know of
any other ease in which it is done.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is the commonest thing
in the world.
Mr. RICE. Well, I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator of Louisiana, provided he
will leave it at the discretion of the Postmaster
General to pay whatever he deems proper, not
limiting it at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not exceeding the present
contract.
, Mr. RICE. Why put that in? Lctitbewith
him to decide, and let these gentlemen bring be-
fore him evidence of the expense they have in-
curred. They have been brought down to the
very lowest figure, because we, in that country,
have been unfortunate in this regard. There is
no service in the Senator's country for one fourth
the distance where double the amount has not
been paid.
The amendment was rcjccted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RETURN OF BILLS TO THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, re-
questing the Senate to return to the House the
bill (No. 246) entitled "An act for the relief of the
heirs of Major John Ripley;" and the bill (No.
247) entitled "An act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Francis Chaudonet."
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Secretary was
directed to return these bills to the House of
Representatives.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had 'approved and
signed, on the 27th instant, an act (H. R. No. 326)
to establish mail routes in the Territory of Kan-
sas; on the 28th instant, a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 21) for the relief of the contractors of the
Post Office Department; and on the 29th instant,
an act (H. R. No. 216) making appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Fonca In-
dians, and with certain bands of Indians in the
State of Oregon and Territory of Washington,
for the year ending June 30, 1860.
ARTHUR EDWARDS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill No. 221 upon
the Calendar is precisely the same as the bill we
have just passed for Mr. McKnight, except in the
names of the parties and that the mail was car-
ried from Chicago, instead of Cleveland and De-
troit. As the bills are of the same character, and
the Senate have had a discussion on this, I move
that we act on that bill at this time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object to taking up
anything out of its order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois to take-up the bill No.
221.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object to taking up
anything out of its order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The two cases are the same
in principle; the report is the same; we have just
discussed one, and it will take but a moment to
dispose of it.
Mr. FITCH. So is the very next bill on the
Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care which of
them you take first.
Mi*. FITCH. There are three.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I will consent to'
taking up the next bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 29) for the
relief of Arthur Edwards and his associates. It
proposes to direct the Postmaster General to audit
and settle the account of Arthur Edwards and
his associates, for transporting the United States
through mail, in their steamers, during the years
1849 and 1853, and intervening years, to and from
Cleveland and Detroit, to and from Sandusky and
Detroit, and to and from Toledo and Detroit, and
to allow and pay them notless than &28 60 for each
and every passage of their steamers between those
places, during wiat time, when the mails were on
board.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
A. S. SPENCER AND G. S. HUBBARD.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust now the Senate
will suffer that other bill, which is for precisely
the same service, supplying the same offices, ex-
cept by a different person, to be taken up and acted
upon. It is the Senate bill No. 221. I move to
take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
221) for the relief of A. T. Spencer and Gurdon
S. Hubbard was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Postmaster General to pay to A. T.
Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard,, for carrying
the United States mail from Chicago, Illinois, to
Mackinaek, Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette, Copper
Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontona-
gon, Michigan, and LaPointe and Superior, Wis-
consin, during the years from 1854 to 1859, in-
clusive, in all cases where it is shown to the
satisfaction of the Postmaster General that the
mail was carried by authority of the jiostmasters
or agents of the Post Office Department, and with-
out a contract with the Department, an amount
equal per trip to that allowed by the Department,
under contract last season, to the owners of the
