1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*
his motives; but l«do any that his lain retrench-
ments resulted from the want of appropriations.
And now, if we supply that deficiency; if we re-
move thecause which produced the retrenchment;
if we remove the cause which produced the cur-
tailment, we should put them all' back as they
were. We do not, then, make them congressional
contracts. They were contracts made with the
Department, and they will remain contracts made
with the Department, under the laws of the De-
partment, and just as they were originally when
entered into. What,- then, can he do > The Post-
master General can take up the subject of re-
trenchment, not under the coercion of a necessity
of retrenchment, not under the coercion o'f a ne-
cessity because he lias no funds to keep up the
postal service; but with this view: how much
does the public necessity require of postal accom-
modation? This was not the consideration with
him before. It was, how much money can I
save, so as to lcoep np the more important routes?
T want the Postmaster General—and I am per-
fectly willing for him—to consider this question
in this light: what routes can I dispense with?
How far can I cut them down without materially
injuring the public service? But if he takes it up
in this other light: how far can I apply the knife,
so as to get money enough to keep up other
routes? he will not decide it correctly; nor could
you, or I, or anybody else. There is a force of
circumstances operating on his judgment; an
eager anxiety to maintain his own Department;
a determination to supply a deficiency which
Congress did not meet. Under these circum-
stances, his judgment is not clear; it is not dis-
interested; he cannot view it in that calm and
dispassionate light that he otherwise would. But
pass this bill, and give him the oidinary appro-
priations; the law remains the same; he can take
up the same list which he has gone through with*
and if he takes it up a second time, 1 am afraid
he will do injustice to my friend from Florida;
for when he went through before, he says he did
not cut down the amount a dollar; but 1 am afraid
that when next he goes through, and views it in
the light of what the public wants require for their
accommodation, he may cut it down a little.
Mr. YULEE. I must correct the Senator there;
and he will allow me to quote the language of the
Department itself:
"It is proper to add, that in reference to the service on
routes in the States of Vm:nna. Noith < '.troliini. South C;u-
olina, Geoigia, and i-'loiutu, coinpo.-.in!j Ihe somhern sec-
tion, that tile contracts ev'pned on the -"Will ei June, I8.VJ,
and that it was not thought e\pedient lo nuke any leduc-
tions during the rem mint oi the une\pned lei m ; hut i.itliet
to defer sueli piunin^ as ini'ilu In1 ncce-^tiy until the let-
tingol'the ne\v eontiaet^. The advertisement inviting pio-
posaio for loutes in tile section was ptepaied in December,
1S58, hcl'ore the lieee.-Mt} 1(  lelienenin.'lit n.ul beerain; ap-
parent ; and, as a i^eneiai llnnji, the s;une iunnunl of set viee
was called for in the ndveiliM inent a* \v;is fh"n ill epent-
tion, and separate luds mvit> d tor stu-li lnipiovemeiits as
had been solicited by the eiu/iens liiteiented.1'
Now, how does the reduction in Florida com-
pare with Missouri > The cost of the service in
Florida on the 30th of Julie, 185'), was $155,440;
as it stands now, it is W57,000: being an increase
of only $1,637; while the increase in Missouri
stands,after the curtailment, at over &250,000: and
it will be found, m the case of the States referred
to by him in the lettings, that they are left now
upon a standard below (comparatively With other
States) what they were in 1859; and I would say,
in respect to my own State, that the increase of
$1,600 is due to the fact—otherwise there would
have been a decrease—that an existing law of
Congress obliges the Department to put. service
on all railroads, and that the extension of the
system of railroads in Florida, which only began
within the last year or two, has furnished the ne-
cessity—a necessity enforced by law—of the ap-
parent increase. That is all. Otherwise there
would have been a veiy considerable decrease;
but as it is, there is only about sixteen hundred
dollars difference between the present standard in
Florida and that of 1859, while Missouri has
nearly three hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. GREEN. I do not like to institute a com-
parison between Missouri and Florida. It was
not my purpose, i was only speaking of the
amount of reduction in Florida, and I was afraid
that if the Postmaster General had to reconsider
this whole subject with a replenished Treasury he
might perhaps hurt Florida a little more than he
did before.
Mr. YIILEE. If Florida had had an increase
ill two years of"§400,000, she would have deserved
to be decreased considerably.
Mr. GREEN. I undertake to say that Mis-
souri has not had that increase; and tf the Sena-
tor from Florida will say as an honest man that
the mail from St. Joseph, on the Missouri, to Pla-
cerville, costing $190,000, should be charged to
Missouri, 1' will give up the question. Oughtshe
to be ?
Mr. YULE'E. Justas much as Florida should'
be charged With the mail from New Orleans to
Key West, costing $60,000 a year.
Mr. GK.EEN. 1 will answer your question
vfrhen you answer mine.
Mr. YULEE. Just for the same reason that
it is charged to other States.
Mr. GREEN. 1 say, Mr. ^President, that
Missouri is the center of the great West. The
overland toutes must, of necessity, start from
Missouri, more or less of them. This route to
Placefville goes from St. Joseph, not one hundred
yards m the State of Missouri. The routes from
Kansas City and from Neosho are all charged to
the State of Missouri, swelling up to over three
hundred thousand dollars, when they are routes
outside of Missouri. For whom arc these mails
carried? Missourigetssome benefit, Ulinoisgets
some, Now York some, and so does all the Union.
The mails arc earned over that plain as much for
the benefit of Charleston, of Mobile, of New Or-
leans, of Memphis, as it is for the western border
of Arkansas ; and to charge the $600,000 to Ark-
ansas or Missouri would bo most exceedingly
unjust. Charge each State with the transporta-
tion within her own borders, and even then you
do injustice. But, as the Senator requires me to
look to my own State of Missouii, 1 will answer
linn. Missouri,placed in the most objectionable
light that you can regard her, has put moie miles of
railioad in operation within the time causing this
increase of expenditure than Florida, ten to one.
Mr. YULEE. Oh, no.
Mr. GUKIiN. It makes no difference about
the exact proportion. I will let it fall to nine and
a half to one to accommodate the Senator.
Mr. YULEH. It is not two to one.
Mr. GltliEN. A great deal more; but it mtikos
no difl'eience now. Our receipts in the State of
Missouri are about two hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars. What are the receipts in Bloridti?
Twenty-five thousand dollais. What-are the
expenses of postmasters J Thirteen thousand dol-
lars. What is the net revenue in Florida ? Twelve
thousand dollars, flow much is the excess of
expenditure over receipts' One hundred and forty-
five thousand dollars, when her net receipts are
only $1:2,000. Missouri spends two dollars to
one, while Florida spends twelve to one. Here
are the reports made fiom the Department; hut,
Mr. President, that is wholly unimportant ni this
discussion; and why the Senator should have
deemed it his duty to go into sueh a i.oinp.u'ison,
and to make such flings at the State of Missouri,
is to me a little inexplicable.
Mr. YULRK. Because the State of Missouri
was represented by friends to whom 1 thought I
could talk with freedom. I referred to Texas and
Missouri as illustiations of the necessity of re-
form, for that reason.
Mr. GREEN. Very well. I stated on Satur-
day evening that I impugned the motives of no-
body; and 1 thought the PostmasterGeneral could
do himself more justice in the process ofretrench-
ment, by having a replenished Treasury Etnd then
going to work with his knife, than he could when
forced under this extraordinary state of things,
with not a dollar to keep the service up.
On the other point, about the steamer Isabel, I
have nothing to say. That matter can be defended
by those immediately interested, who understand
the subject better than 1 do; but on this other
pointof the restoration of the service—leaving the
Postmaster General free to retrench as he sees
proper; putting the contracts exactly as they were;
making no congressional contracts, for they are
all departmental contracts; leaving them as they
would have been if we had done our duty at the
last Congress, we do no harm to anybody: we"
do not reflect on the PostmasterGeneral; but we
leave him under circumstances where he can do
more justice to the country and to himself than
he has under the extraordinary coercion produced
by the improper action of our own bodies.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President; perhaps I
ought not to say anything more, and 1 will say-
but a very few'words, with a viiMv uf bringing
the Senate back to the question beford it. - vVe
stand here now in a very pectilia# pttSitioff in fe-
gard to' the Post Office Departtfisnt—a position
brought about, in a great measure*,'by-my friend
from Georgia, and other friend's' occupying- the
same position at the last session'of Congress^ ffer
we all remember that the Senator from' Geoi'gia
spoke till the last instant of the existence' of §16'
last Congress, to deprive the Senate of a voW
upon the appropriation bill,-which included tho-
whole appropriations for the postal service;
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the honorable Senator
allow mc? I have heard a great many other peo-
ple say that, but 1 thought that, being in the Sen-
ate, my friend from South Carolina knew better.
It took an objection W kill the bill. I had done
killing it before the speaking commenced. The
speaking had nothing to do with it. I objected
to the second reading of the bill. I am entitled
to that justice from him at least, I think.
Mr. HAMMOND. I think I am accurate. You
did both.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, my speaking did not
kill the bill.
Mr. HAMMOND. You objected, and spoke
to the last minute.
Mr. TOOMBS. The objection killed it; bo-
cause it prevented a vote.
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not say that. I was
only describing the seine. 1 state nothing but
what is the fact. The Senator spoke until twelve
o'clock struck, and the Vice President adjourned
the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. When did I commence?
Mr. I-iAMMOND. A few minutes before; but
that is immaterial. That brought us into the
present actual state of cucumstanccs in regard to
the Post Office Department—a Department that
has been compelled to be carried on for a year
without an appropriation. Under these circum-
stances, the Postmaster General was obliged to
use all the powers ho had to reduce the postal
service within the most circumscribed possible
limit. He put it down on every route; 1 may
say he almost annihilated and destroyed the postal
routes on which 1 have lived for thirty years. I
did not say a Word. 1 submitted to it, and the
country has submitted to it. 1 thought it was1
right; I approved of his course. But now We are"
about to reinstate things. We now propose to
vote this bill, which was refused at the las! ses-
sion; and I think everything should be placed tfs
it was. That is my idea. There httve been dis-
continuances of many routes which the Postmaster
General could,in his discretion,discontinue; and
if we to-day restore every route as it stood at the
close of the last session of Congress* the Post-
master General can to-morrow discontinue whitt
he pleases. I sfe nothing mandatory about it; 1
see nothing but a simple expression of the wish
of Congress that things should be placed back ill
the position they would have occupied if, unfor-
tunately, from a most unfortunate collision be-
tween the two Houses, the postal bill had not*
been destroyed last year. That is all I understand
about the thing, and I believe that is all there is
in it. I cannot conceive it possible that anything
else should be m it; and instead of placing the
Treasury and the Government, as tile Senator
from Georgia says, at the feet of the contractors,
it is Simply correcting—I will not say an error;
I will not condemn the Senator from Georgia, and
the other Senators who went with him upon that
point. 1 should not have gone with them; but I
do not condemn them. I do not mean to say they
did wrong. I think the Senate would not have
concurred with them if there had been an oppor-
tunity to vote; but I do not condemn them fur
their course. I say, however, let us go back to
the stand-point wheie we weie before this unfor-
tunate event happened. That is what 1 have to
say on the general question.
Now, sir, I have one word to say to the Senaicy-
from Iowa, which 1 would not say, because the
Senator from Georgia has substantially answered
what- he said, but not exactly in the way I like
to see it answered. The Senator from Iowa says
we are as much bound out of the common Treas-
ury to keep up a postal system as we are to keep
up an Army and Navy. That is a very false
ground to put it upon It is aground that should
