1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1458
steamers North Star avid Illinois, performing simi-
lar ta-ips between Detroit, Michigan, and the same
ports upon Lake Superior.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire what
amount is now paid for the service of these steam-
ers?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the same as in the
other cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 30118G0.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW YORK LETTER CARRIERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from acting
Postmaster General King, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House, a state-
ment prepared in the Auditor's office, showing
the number of persons employed in delivering and
collecting letters in the city of New York in con-
nection with the post office in that city, and the
amount paid to each, for the year ending June 30,
1859; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
REPRESENTATIVES OP CHARLES POETERFIELD.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the question on the passage of a bill
(PI. R. No. 243) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House
on Friday last.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. That bill was be-
fore the House on Friday last, and was then dis-
cussed in a hasty manlier; as long, however, as
I think necessary,as it is a matter of form rather
than of substance that we are asking at the
hands of the House. The bill did not pass then
for the want of a quorum. Believing that no fur-
ther discussion is necessary, I move the previous
question.
Mr. NOELL. The previous question was or-
dered on this bill last Friday.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; and the question
is now on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF MAJOR JOIIN RIPLEY.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order, the question on ordering a bill (H.
R. Ne. 24G) for the relief of the heirs of Major
John Ripley, reported from the Committee of
the Whole House on Friday last, to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF FRANCIS CIIAUDONET.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business in
order, the question on ordering a bill (H. R. No.
247) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Francis Chaudonet, reported on Friday last from
the Committee of the Whole House, to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
JANE B. T3VANS.
The next business in order was the question
on ordering to be engrossed and read a third time
a bill (H. R. No. 471) for the relief of Jane B.
Evans, reported on Friday last from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WHITELEY. That bill was reported
from the Committee on Patents unanimously. It
was in charge of the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Bornham,] who is not now in his seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What bill
is that?
Mr. WHITELEY. The bill for the relief of
Jane B. Evans. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has it been
reported to the House ?
The SPEAKER. It was reported to the House
last Friday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall ob-
ject to the passage of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The pre-
vious question, I believe, has not been demanded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Dela-
ware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WHITELEY. I then call the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded. I am
sure, if the House understood the bill, they would
not pass it.
Mr. WHITELEY. I think they would pass
it. No debate, however, is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know how this bill
came before the House.
Mr. WHITELEY. It was reported from the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. PHELPS. Then it has never been be-
fore the Committee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. PHELPS. Unless it can be sent to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, I shall move to lay
the bill on the tabic.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 call for the
reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. WHITELEY. I call for the reading of
the report.
A Member. No debate is in order. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I certainly think this bill
ought to be considered in Committee of the Whole
House. If it is allowed to go there, I will not
make any motion to lay it on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman who lias charge of the bill ought to
send it there.
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope not. This is a bill
which ought to pass. 1 ask that the previous
question may be seconded, and the bill be passed.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs.thomas,and
Kellogg of Illinois, appointed.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman who has
charge of this bill is willing that it be referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, I will with-,
draw my motion to lay on the table.
Mr. WHITELEY. Very well; let it go there.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the motion.
The bill was then referred to a Committee_ of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R. No.
13) to provide for the settlement of the claims of
the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary army,
and of the widows and children of those who died
in the service, was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union
The motion was entered
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW. I wish to enter a motion to re-
consider the vote by which House bill No. 23, to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain, was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was entered.
JOHN V. DOBBYN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 286) for the relief of John V. Dob-
byn, and moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
HALL NEILSON.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Hall Neil-
son; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed
•JOSEPH 0. G. KENNEDY.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
also reported a hill for the relief of Joseph C. G.
Kennedy; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
1IENKY MILLER & CO.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the case of Henry Miller &
Co.; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed
IIIRAM HUMPHREYS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,also
made an adverse report in the case of Hiram Hum-
phreys; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
GUADALUPE ESTUDILLO DE ARGUELLO.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back Senate
bill (No. 117) forthe relief of Guadalupe Estudillo
de Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Argtiello, with
the recommendation that it do pass; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I have a small bill
here, which I am directed by the Committee on
Public Lands to report to the House; but I am
afraid there will be some who will object that it
is not strictly in order upon this day. It is a
public measure.
Objection was made.
IIOCKADAY & LEGGETT.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Hockaday & Leggctt; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL S. GREEN.
Mr. ALLEY, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel S. Green;
winch was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
SPEXCER AND HUBBARD.
Mr. HELMICK,from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of A. T. Spencer and
Gordon S. Hubbard; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ROBERT DOUGLASS.
Mr. HELMICK, from the same committee,
aiso reported a bill for the relief of Robert Doug-
lass, survivor of Douglass & Beman; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
GEORGE F. MEANS.
Mr. HELMICK, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of George F.
Means; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying reoort, ordered to be
printed
SAMUEL II. WOODSON.
Mr CRAIG, of Missouri. I am directed by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to report a bill forthe relief of Samuel H.Wood-
son.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask that the bill
be read through It occupies but three lines. If
: I get the consent of the House, I will move that
| it be put on its passage.
I The bill was read through. It authorizes the
Postmaster General to reopen and readjust the
accounts of Samuel H. Woodson, late mail con-
tractor on route No. 4965.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The bill makes no
appropriation. Colonel Woodson's accounts were
settled under a late Postmaster General, ana the
present Postmaster General holds that under the
