2398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
not be allowed to go forth to the country unre-
buked; and although the Senator from Georgia
has shown that by the Army and Navy we are
compelled to sustain the property and the rights
of the country, I think there is another, and cer-
tainly a better, I will not say a higher, ground on
which to put it: There is no such thing as tax-
ing the Army and Navy. They are themselves
a dead taxation, and the country is bound to sub-
mit to any sort of taxation to maintain an army
and navy to secure itself. But here is a gratui-
tous postal system which perhaps no Govern-
ment is bound to keep up, which has grown up
here in modern times, and which is a system
fairly subject to taxation. *It is a system that is
bound to support itself, and I think it just as fair
to levy an adequate tax on letters and newspapers,
and everything that passes through the postofTice,
as on cottons, woolens, or anything else. It does
not stand on the footing of an army and navy.
It is a taxable affoir; it is a luxury; it is indul-
gence; it is a commercial and political advantage;
and all who avail themselves of it are bound to
pay, and nothing could he more fair than that
they should pay m the exact proportion in which
they use it. I can conceive of no fairer tax than
that.
I have but one word more to say, and that is
in regard to my little Isabel line. It is opposed
here in a most astonishing way. It is opposed
by the Senator from Florida, I think, because I
happened to be chairman of a committee of con-
ference, a few years ago, that agreed, by way of
compromise, to a proposition that there should
be no subsidies to ocean lines, beyond the post-
ages, in which I concur very well, even now,
though I doubt whether it is a great principle,
which is to be invariably adhered to. I concurred
in that and reported it to the Senate, and we passed
it. This Isabel line is now sought to be brought
under that rule. What is asked here is only
$50,000 a year for domestic put poses, for a mad,
via Savannah, from Charleston to Key West; and
from Key West to Havana is the only portion of
it in the shape of an ocean line. I do not under-
stand that even the postages are asked; I think
$50,000 would be sufficient compensation. It is
said, in the first place, that this is a violation of
that agreement; that the Postmaster General
would have no right to make such a contract. If
it is a violation of that agreement to pass from
Havana to Key West, how greatly increased a
violation is it to pass from Key West to Aspin-
wall, and from Panama to San Francisco, on the
two broad oceans? 1 should like to know if Sen-
ators will say that that is a domestic line? is that
an inland route?
Mr. YULEE. It has been so decided by the
Attorney General.
Mr. HAMMOND. How would you decide it?
How would anybody else decide it? An Attorney
General's authority is respectable, but cannot be
decisive here* But, sir, to show how little re-
spect the Postmaster General himself paid to that,
let me say this; there has been for some time a
line established from New Orleans to Key West,
creeping around the shore of the Gulf to the little,
small ports of Appaiachicola,Pensacola, St. Mar-
tin's, and Tampa, picking up letters here and
there. The Postmaster General has made a con-
tract, or continued a contract, on that line since
the adjournment of the last Congress; and that
line does precisely what this line does, goes from
Key West to Havana, and gets $60,000 a year,
while we ask but §50,000. Now, I want to show
you how much moie advantageous to the whole
mass of the Atlantic States, reaching clear to
Maine, is the line that we now ask $50,000 for,
than the line that the Postmaster General has
awarded $50,000 to. I do not object to that. I
make no war on that. Let it be so.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
state the difference between them? The route
from New Orleans, touching at Pensacola, Appa-
lachicola, and other ports, to Key West, was es-
tablished as a post route in the act of 1851, and
has been let and relet from time to time as all other
inland service. The route from Charleston to
Key West was never established as a post route,
and for that reason it is not m the power of the
Department to put service on it as an inland route.
Mr. HAMMOND. !_admitted that the route
had been established, but I was not aware that
the route from Charleston to Key West had never
been established. Now, the Postmaster General
for the time being, very judiciously, no doubt,
after agreeing to pay $59,000 to this other route,
to save the $50,000 on the Charleston and Havana
route, sent the letters from Charleston, Savannah,
Norfolk, Baltimore, New York, and all the com-
mercial letters of the Atlantic, through a partic-
ularly circuitous route, from Charleston to Fer-
nandina, and along the Fernandina railroad to
Cedar Keys, and from Cedar Keys to Key West,
and so on. The commercial men became so ut-
terly dissatisfied with that, that after repeated
applications to the Department, and to the owners
of the Isabel line, they agreed, on t&e 1st of Oc-
tober last, to put the Isabel again on the line, and
take her chances of compensation from Congress.
What is the result? I have it now from the Post-
master General, that from the 1st of October to
the 1st of January last, the steamer Isabel brought
ten thousand and twenty-three letters from Ha-
vana, and he left out one trip of the Catawba, the
alternate, so that she actually brought twelve
thousand five hundred letters, while the other
circuitous route brought not over two hundred.
Mr, YULEE. She ought not to have brought
one.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 suppose not.
Mr. YULEE. For the reason that she lies five
days at Key West after leaving Havana.
Mr. HAMMOND. Her agent, who, 1 believe,
is also the agent of the Isabel, says that nobody
ever did send a letter by her except by ignorance.
But that shows the value of this line. I am not
undervaluing the line in which my friend fiom
Florida is interested.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator is totally mistaken.
I have no inteiest m it.
Mr. HAMMOND. Well, the railroad of which
you are president.
Mr. YULEE. Not a stiver's interest in it in
any way, any more than any other gentleman who
is a stockholder in any road has an interest in
what it receives; nor has it received a cent for any
such service. I am sorry the gentleman should
have thought it necessary to put it in that aspect.
I have no interest at all m it.
Mr. HAMMOND. It is a very important line
for the Fernandina road.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; so far from it, wc refuse
to take passengers from it.
Mr. HAMMOND. Well, I am only aiming
to show, Mr. Piesident, that the decision we all
came to about the postages is a thing, like every-
thing else m the world, to be admitted with ex-
ceptions. You cannot carry out a rigid, horizontal
line about anything in this world; and you must
make up deficiencies by faith and honor, fairness
and justice and truth, and what is right. Tins
Isabel line is truthful and just, by the common
acclamation of the whole world. The subsidy
demanded for it is less than upon any other mail
route in the world. If you determine to throw this
service open to competition—and I am very sorry
to appear here as an advocate of any monopoly at
all—I shall insist, at the proper time, if I can find
it out by the rules of the Senate, o£ which I am
very ignorant, when that time is, that this com-
petition shall be made by vessels of the same class
with the Isabel, and under the same terms; and 1
fully believe that no vessel can perform what the
Isabel does.
Mr. YULEE. I would call theattention of the
Senator from South Carolina to a statement made
some time ago, that he received a telegraphic dis-
patch from Charleston, which was contradictory
of the statement made by the Senator from Mary-
land. I am now in a condition to correct the mistake
into which the Senator was led by that telegraphic
dispatch. Here is a statement from the gentle-
man to whom I referred:
" At your request, 1 would state tliatMr. John W. Cald-
well"—
Not the gentleman to whom the Senator from
South Carolina referred, but another Caldwell—
"of the fitm of John Caldwell & Son, of Charleston, de-
sired mo, pome months since, to infos m the Postmaster Gen-
eral that tiie maiJ service between Chaileston and Havana
could be performed at one half the rare puul for it previ-
ously, and that he would be willing to bid tor it at that re-
duction if the service was thrown open to competition."
That is the statement.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I am very re-
luctant to say a word on this bill, as I am anxious
to get the question on it to-day, and I would not,
if I did not believe it would be perfectly hopeless
to attempt any reform in the Post Office Depart-
ment if we should fail in this amendment of the
Committee of Finance. It has been agreed that
this Department had gone in its expenditures fat-
beyond what was just and proper, and that the
pruning knife was required to cut off those routes
which were superfluous, or those which did not
pay properly for the service on them. The Post-
master General has endeavored to discharge that
duty, and to perform that office. He did cut down
routes which he believed to be unnecessary, or
which he believed did not pay enough in propor-
tion to the service which was required to be per-
formed of them. He then came to Congress and
made an estimate of all the service that was ne-
cessary, leaving out these routes which he had
discontinued in pursuance of the powers vested
in him by law, and according to a practice as old
as the Department itself. He did not make any
estimate for the renewal of these routes, for the
reason that he believed they were unnecessary,
and that it was a curtailment pioper to be made.
But what does the House of Representatives
do? It restores them alt in a lump; it makes no
discrimination. It offers no evidence of the pro-
priety of tins restoration; but seems to proceed on
the supposition that the Postmaster General was
in error, and that the reverse of whathe has done
ought to be done by Congress.
Now, sir, it is said that this was done because
of the failure of the appropiiation bill. Not at all.
There was no more appropriation for any other
routes than for these; but he conducted such of
the routes as he believed to be proper and neces-
sary, and certainly when he presented his annual
estimates, he estimated for all such as he thought
ought to be restored. Why did he leave these
out? Because he thought they ought not to be
restored. Now, why do we overrule his opinion
and decision without evidence, without a report
from any one, without any reason I have heard
of being given, except that one which is evidently
fallacious, that he was forced to do it from the
failure of the passage of the Post Office appropri-
ation bill? That failure applied to every other
route as well as to these; and. as a proof that he
thought it improper to renew them, we have the
fact that he would not estimate for them.
If we, under such circumstances as these, with-
out evidence, overrule his action and pronounce
this implied censurc on him, how are we to pre-
sume that he will attempt any such reform again?
Will he, in the face of this rebuke which has been
administered to him by Congress, when they
have said, without inquiring into the matter at
all, that they will restore all these routes, under-
take after that to curtail any of them, or to dis-
continue the service upon them? We takeaway
from him the only means which he has of reforming
that Department; and we make it the most unlim-
ited machine of expenditure that ever was known
in any Go vernment pretending to be one of limited
powers. Why, sir, we used to have, as the Senator
from Vermont very well said, a restriction—and
a restriction which I hope Congress will impose
when the Post Olfice bill for the service of the
next fiscal year comes up. We used to have a re-
striction that he should expend no more than was
appropriated. It is true lie cannot expend now
more than is appropriated, but he can contract
liabilities to an almost indefinite amount. We not
only allow him to do this, but, on the other hand,
wc refuse to permit him to exercise the privilege
which the law affords him of discontinuing routes
which he believes to be useless, or curtailing un-
necessary service upon them; and how do we
stand? We obstinately refuse to raise the post-
age, which would enable the Department to pay
the expenses of the service thus performed; we
refuse to abolish the franking privilege, which
would, at least, relieve it of some of its burdens;
we have long since taken away the restriction on
his power to incur liabilities on the part of this
Government. We now propose at one fell swoop
to stay his hand from any effort at curtailing these
enormities and extravagances; and thus, sir, wc
submit the whole Treasury of the United States
to the unlimited demands that may be made by
this Department, and they are unlimited. We
pass yearly here new post-route bills—bills which
no one examines, which might impose, but for the
exercise of this discretion, often an additional
expense of millions, and instead of having the
assurances that we have heretofore had, that the
