1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
other than an honorable way. I regret as much
as any gentleman upon this floor, that the accident
occurred.
I will state briefly the reason for my carrying
a pistol. Last night I was out until twelve o'clock.
I reside m the outskirts of the city, near English
hill, as it is called, where you know, sir, many
outrages have been committed, and I had it with
me for my own protection. And there have been
times since I have been a member of this body,
when other gentlemen came here armed. Until
I camc here to Washington I never deemed it ne-
cessary to go armed. I regret as much as any man
possibly can the necessity for this thing. I do
not carry a pistol for any use m this House—God
forbid that 1 should; but for my protection in my
movements through this sometimes violent cap-
ital. I have seen at the last session, and at tins,
occasions when, perhaps, for the protection of
northern members from assault it might have been
necessary to have had a fire-arm. I say now, that
when this House is organized, I hope every gen-
tleman here will pledge his honor to the country
not to have any fire-arms within this Hall where
the business ot legislation is to be conducted.
Several Mkmbers. Why not now?
Mr. HASKIN. Iain willing. My having this
pistol with me this morning, I can assure gentle-
men of the House, was an accident growing out
of the fact that I was out last night until twelve
o'clock, and that I live in a neighborhood where
outrages have been committed. Any gentleman
of the other side who asserts, if any will do so,
that I either drew, or attempted to draw, that pistol
in this House, asserts that which is not within the
pale of truth. God knows I would not, under any
circumstances, draw that pistol upon any in this
House, unless I was unjustly assaulted and had
to do it m my own self-defense.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. One word of per-
sonal explanation. As Imiii satisfied that a re-
mark made by me, which was, at least, uncourtly,
led to this excitement of my colleague, I have to
say that 1 ought not to have used the language
which I employed, to say that the question winch
my colleague addressed to my friend fiom Mis-
sissippi [Mr. McRae] had reference to a subject
in respect of which it occuircd to me that it was
none of my colleague's business to inquire. I was
induced to make that remark in this wise: Sev-
eral gentlemen who were present on the occasion
of that conference, have made allusions to that por-
tion of the interchange of opinion which led to the
resolution which has been the subject of debate.
I understood my colleague to address an inquiry
to my friend from Mississippi, touching what was
said on that occasion beyond the scope of the sub-
jeet-matter of our action, and the revelations which
gentlemen have been pleased to make. 1 ought
simply to have suggested to my colleague the idea
that he was wandering beyond tly scope of the
subject-matter befoie the House. I regret that I
was thus led into an error, and make this expla-
nation to thf House and to my colleague. ,
Mr. HILL. 1 have only another remark to ;
make. I hope the good Sunday work that has
been performed by this conference committee will
not be as s>eed sown upon the barren ground. 1
hope, sir, that, besides its intrinsic meuts,it will
commend itself on the principle of " the better the
day, the better the deed." to the .consideration of
the House, and that it may yet meet with its
sanction. 1 hope that when It is proposed by the
gentleman from Maryland it may be adopted by ,   
both sides of the Chamber, and that it may de- j■•now bcm<{ disguieed in the eje* of the whole countiy. It
stroy the bitter and vindictive feeling which' has i ' ' " '
been shown here ever since we met. It will be .
productive of good, if it shall have that effect. '
Certainly no man can expect that we can produce j
the great Jesuit of an organization, when we for- •
get the fraternal feeling that ought to subsist be- !
tween each and all of the members hero. He ■
would indeed be a stickier for morality, Mr. Clei k, I
who will complain that on Sunday we have taken j
the ox out of the mire. We know that General j
Jackson on the Sabbath day gamed his victory i
over the Butish forces at New Orleans. The adop- '
tion of this wholesome preamble and resolution j
may, in its happy results, be in the far future of
greater importance to this Union than even the j
victory at New Orleans. The country is looking ;
on with intense interest at what we do, and if this
committee, constituted as it was, sitting as it did \
upon the holy Sabbath, does so much good as to i
relieve the Government and break up the disorder
which reigns here, it will be entitled to the ap-
plause and not the censure of all good men.
Mr. ETHERIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I desire, as I was
a member of that committee, to say one word
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If nobody else objects,
I do not.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I have nothing
to add to what has been said about what tran-
spired in that committee, it having been so fully
and correctly stated by several gentlemen, and
particular) v by my friend from Mississippi, Gov-
ernor McRae. He stated precisely the facts as I
recollect they occurred. I wish only to say that I
was called on to meet, on that day, several gentle-
men, national men, to consult together to see if we
could in any manner facilitate the organization of
this House by the national men. 1 was then pcr-
! fectly willing to meet and consult with national
men, to facilitate the organization of this House
as against the Republicans. I am willing again
to meet any national men, and consult for the
same purpose. I have been ready, and am now
ready, to vote for a national man; I do nor care
whether he is an old-line Whig, an anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrat, or a Lec.ompton Democrat. I am
ready to vote for him for Speaker of this House.
I was, as the gentleman from Georgia said he was,
as ninth astonished as any man could be, when
I saw the substance of that resolution in the public
prints. We did not suppose our action would
bind anybody. We only came together to agree
as to what we would be willing to do; and if the
balance of the respective parties to which we sev-
erally belonged would agree to what we agreed
upon, we were ready to carry it out.
Mr. R1GGS. I was a member of that commit-
tee, and I desire to say a word.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. CVitainly.
Mr. R1GGS. 1 do not rise for the purpose of
going into the details of the proceedings of that
committee. That has already been done. I sim-
ply desire to state that 1 concurred with the com-
mittee, in the main, m their action. 1 do not know
how the proceedings of that committee were com-
municated to the Republicans or to the New York
Herald.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I do not know whether
all the members of that, committee have now suc-
ceeded in making their explanations and state-
ments; butl think one thing very evident from the
proceedings of to-day, that it is quite desirable
hereafter to keep out of committees and out of
caucus, as 1 wili proceed presently to show. For
the last three or four weeks, I have seen a little
extract going the founds of the newspapers m re-
gard to what 1 am represented to have said, not
in committee, but m caucus. 1 do not rise now to
correct it from any particular disposition to com-
plain of the free and unauthorized use which has
ijeen made of my name; but my friend fiom Vir-
ginia, [Mr Boteler,] unfortunately,perhaps, for
him, finds his name associated with mine, in con-
nection with the proceedings of a caucus of our
lnends, and as I am unwilling to have him in-
jured in any way, I will make a brief personal
explanation' I Hold in my hand the independent
Democrat,a paper published atCharlestown, Vir-
ginia, a place, as you know, somewhat famous of
late. The editorial introducing the article is as
follows:
£- Sorxm.rn Docgiifaceism.—Here N a sample of that
pine, unadulterated douahfaoei'srn with which the £outh i 
'now L
n an extract of a speech made by Etueridgf, of Tonnes-
i j-Cf.1. on the floor of Congress, r-ome two week-, a<jo. We
have no comment to make on it, except that i. BoTn.rn
has'been voting' cheek by jowl' with this southern traitor "
I will now read the article to which the editorial
refers:
"Gentlemen, 'aid he to the taueu-i, it i-= impossible for
im'to <• Willi the Demoena-. [ ain a Union man.
My eon--t ltuenN me Union people : they arc old Clay Wing-,
wiio Jove the Constitution and the American Union. They
arc eoiwn ative men ; butlluve Democrats with whom we
are invited to unite ;ne diMU)ionist<. They hate the Union,
and seek pretext-, to d'-stroy it. For the whole pa«.t week
they have spouted treason ajralri-t the Cuntedera"y ; they
have pieariu-d drumon in alino.st every speech made on
their ride of The IIou-.o ; white on the side of the Repub-
licans iheie has. not proceeded a disloval sentiment. All
the Republican speeches have been on the side of the Union
and the Constitution. The Republicans have bhuwn tli^rn-
schcs to bcconseivative men.wbijethc Democrats are the
ultrar-ts and the fmat.es. Who have applauded the dis-
union sentiments utieiod in debate? The Democrats. And,,
gentlemen, let me ask you who hissed the disunion argu-
ments? Was. it not the Republicans? Who cheered the
patriotic, Union loving remarks that fell from the lips of
Americans ? Was it nor, the Republicans ?
" The Republicans have convinced me, and every other
candid, patriotic man, that they are national and conserva-
tive, and the Democrats have proved themselves, by "their
fanatical speeches and factious conduct, to be sectional,
ultra, and disloyal to the Union. How is it possible forus
to unite with such men?"
All I have to say in regard to the matter is this:
that the remarks i made in caucus were in refer-
ence to an organization of the House, and were
confined almost exclusively to that subject; and
whatever 1 may think m regard to the Democratic
or Republican party, in reference to disunion or
applauding disunion sentiments, has not yet been
said. Gentlemen who were present will bear me
witness that this article puts into my mouth words
which I did not say, and makes me discuss matters
and avow opinions at that meeting of our friends
to which I did not refer. It was doubtless written
by some one without uiy knowledge of our pro-
ceedings at that time, and who had no- means of
knowing what was said or done; for no persons
were present but some members of this House
with whom I have aeced. I remember that my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] called my
attentions day or two ifterthe meeting referred to,
to a very incorrect report of mv remarks which had
appeared in the New York Herald, and indulged
in a hearty laugh at what he knew to be a gross
perversion of my n marks, as they had been tele-
graphed to that paper. Now, I might assent to
the propriety of some things imputed to me in that
article in reference fo the organization of the
House, and some other portions of it I might ap-
prove if they stood alone. I abhor sentiments of
disunion, it is true, come from what quarter they
may. That is well ]«nown. It is true that my
45 constituents are Clay Whigs,"&c.; but still, as
T did not discuss thus-1 matters m caucus—-and. if
J had, we had no reporter there—and as this is a
wholly unauthorized and most erroneous report
of what I did say, 1 cannot, as I usually do in cases
of newspaper misrepresentation, permit the article
to pass unnoticed, especially when it furnishes a
pretext for placing my friend from Virginia [Mr.
i3oteler] in an unpleasant orfalse position. ,So
far as the term " southern traitor" is concerned*
I have only to say that it is one of the mildest
epithets which are unsparingly applied to me by
the newspapers. It gives me, personally, no pain
or concern. I myself am compelled, very fre-
quently, to keep questionable political company
against my will; and I hope my friend from Vir-
ginia will not be injured at home by that publi-
cation. I have seen a more extended yet more
erroneous statement of the remarks that I made,
published in a Chicago paper. There was, as I
have said, no reporter there; and I presume that
no gentleman in that caucus has ever attempted
to furnish any one with a report of what 1 said
at that conference of our friends.
I have made my explanation a little more ex-
tended, perhaps, than i ought to have done. }
took the floor for the purpose of moving an ad-
journment; but my friend from Virginia [Mr,
Boteleii] handed me the paper just as I rose for
that purpose, and what I have said would not
have been said at all but from a desire that he
shall suffer no injustice on my account.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar]
.suggested, a few moment-! ago, that "there are
no Sabbaths in revolutionary times.M If that be
true, it is equally true that there is one particular
motion always in order,''which is a sort of
ponacea for the public disorders that have pre-
vailed this morning. Now, 1 do not believe that
the House is in a temper to transact business.
During the whole time the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Hill] was speaking, and making some
Very sensible remaiks, there were not perhaps
twenty- members present who heard him. We
have iiad, this morning, a little rough exercise.
A little repose now would do us good. It 'is
after three o'clock, [Cries of" BallotSome
gentlemen over there say*' ballot." If I expected
that a ballot would result m any good, I would
not object to one now. If any gentleman wiU
rise in his seat and declare that he intends to cast
his vote in a manner looking to the accomplish-
ment of a result—if any Democrat will say that
he wiU vote for a Republican, or if any- Repub-
licans will say that they intend to changc theii
programme} or that the developments made to,-
