1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE 01? REFERENCE.
Mr. PARROTT. J see that the bill (H. R.
No. 203) to enable the trustees of the Blue Mont
College to preempt a certain quarter section of
land, and for other purposes, which was reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, is entered
on the Calendar as having been referred to the
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union.
I ask that it be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
It was so ordered.
UNITED STATES AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
Mr. BURNETT. I call up the bill (H. R. No.
213) to incorporate the United States Agricultural
Society. It was reported from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and has been read three
times.
The biil was taken up.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the House
that this bill is a simple act of incorporation.
When I reported it back from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, some gentlemen desired
time to examine it. It was reported back on the
7th of this month, and has been printed. It merely
confers on this agricultural society the ordinary-
powers of a corporation within and for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It gives to Congress the power
to alter, amend, or change the act of incorporation
at any; time. It seems to me that there can be no
objection to the passage of the bill. I therefore
move the previous question on its passage.
Mr. FLORENCE. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then how did the gentle-
man from Kentucky get the floor?
The SPEAKER. He calls up a bill which he
reported.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it a private bill ?
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir.
Mr. FLORENCE. Thcnl would like to know
how the gentleman gets an opportunity to call it
up? I do not know that I will object if it does not
lead to debate. I have examined the act, and am
ready to vote for it.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky a question.
Mr. BURNETT. I will answer any question
the gentleman may desire to propound.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
what reason theieisforthe oiganization of a so-
ciety of this character in the District of Columbia ?
Will it carry on the business of agriculture here ?
Mr. BURNETT. It would require some time
to answer til a t qu e s tio n, i f I we re to co ve r th e wh o i e
ground. It does seem to me that the necessity for
agricultural societies in every portion of the coun-
try will be apparent to every sensible man who
thinks of it for a moment.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. U. CHUMP.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of J. R. j
Crump; which was read a first and second time, j
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,*;
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be !
printed. !
LIEUTENANT JAMES TAYLOR'S IIEIRS. |
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of tlje
heirs of Lieutenant James Taylor, of the Vir-
ginia State line; which was reacl a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed
GEORGE G. DUNHAM.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of George
G. Dunham; which was read-a first and second
time, referred to aCommittee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JULIUS MARTIN.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Julius Martin; which was read a first and sccond
time, referred to aCommittee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
MRS. AGATHA O'BRIEN.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (S. No. 260) for the relief of Mrs.
A&atha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J*. P. J.
O'Brien, late of the United States Army; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
HORSES LOST IN MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. McRiVE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the bill to provide for the
payment for horses lost in the military service of
the United States; which was laid on the table.
SAMUEL B. ELLIOTT.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made an adverse report on the me-
morial of Samuel B. Elliott; which was hud on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOSHUA DUELL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported back
the memorial of Joshua Duell, and asked that it
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
It was so ordered.
"WOOD, KIRKLAND, AND OTHERS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, made a report on the
memorial of Samuel S. Wood, William B. Kirk-
land, and others; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to say that I re-
gret very much that that report has been made.
I supposed that it would not be acted upon until
a regular meeting of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. I understand that the meeting this morn-
ing was very thinly attended. I had no idea, as
one member of the committee, that the subject
would be acted on to-day; and my object now is
to state to the House that I regret exceedingly
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has made
the report, particularly as some of us who felt an
interest in it did not happen to be present at the
meeting of the committee when it was author-
ized.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I regret that
the gentleman from Mississippi was not present
at the meeting of the committee. This subject has
been frequently under discussion in the commit-
tee, and they authorized me this morning-, if I could
do so before the next meeting of the committee, to
make the leport; and, acting under the authority
of the committee, I have made the report.
Mj^ BARKSDALE. I do not deny the author-
ity of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to make
the report. I merely dcsiie to say that I regret
that the report has been made under the circum-
stances.
IiEDA HAYES.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, repoited a bill for the relief |
of Beda Hayes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or- I
dered to be printed. j
CHANGES OE REFERENCE. [
On motion of Mr. POTTER, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the following petitions,
and they were referred as indicated below:
The petition of citizens of the State of Ken-
tucky, praying for the allowance o'f bounty land
to Wendell Trout—to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
The petitions of the heirs of William Emmons;
of the heirs of Captain Richard Jones; and of
Jemima Christian—to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
ABNER MERRILL.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 96) for the relief
of Abner Merrill j which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
MARTHA SANDERSON.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill granting an. invalid pension
to Martha Sanderson; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
JANE YATES.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill granting a pension to
Jane Yates; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
JAMES C. MYERS.
Mr. BRABSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to James
C. Myers; which was rend a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
RICHARD M. IIADEN.
Mr. BRABSON,fiom the same committee, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Richard M.
Haden; which was read a first and sccond time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ADRIAN RICH AND JOHN P. SMITH.
Mr. BRABSON, from the same committee, (in
behalf of Mr. Sickles,) also reported a bill grant-
ing a pension to Adrian Rich, and a bill granting
a pension to John P. Smith; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of th°e Whole House, and, with the
accompanying reports, ordered to be printed.
JOHN JACKSON.
Mr. KELLOGG, o#Michigan, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 70) grant-
ing a pension to John Jackson, an invalid soldier;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
"WILLIAM II. ROGERS.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to William H.
Ilogers; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
AARON QUIGLEY.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Aaron Q,uigley, an
invalid seaman; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying- report, or-
dered to be printed.
KATIIERIXE K. RUSSELL.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Katherine K. Rus-
sell; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
MARY F. PARKER.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, re-
ported a biil for the relief of Mary F. Parker;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CHARLES LEE.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Charles Lee;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
