1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PostmasterGeneral would notputtheminto oper-
ation if he found they would lead to these extrav-
agant results, we rebuke him for the attempt, and
say to him, in effect, "Putthem all into operation,
no matter what they may cost."
VV"e are told that we must do this without re-
gard to the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment, upon the ground that we are as much bound
to keep up all the demands for public service of
this sort, as we should be for an army or navy.
Why, Mr. President, they stand on a very differ-
ent footing. The one is public service which we
know we have to support by taxation; but what
is the other? The postage is not a tax, but it is
a sale of the service of the Government to indi-
viduals for a ccrtain sum. We say to individuals,
" We will carry your letters, wo will carry your
newspapers and periodicals, for a certain sum."
Formerly,as was said just now, in the betterdays
of the Republic we fixed that sum at a sufficiency
to repay us. We performed the service, and we
got in return for it enough to pay our expenses.
Since then, what have we done? We have in-
creased that service, and we perform it, and we
do not receive enough to repay us; and thus we
arc performing service for private individuals at
the expense of the Treasury, which we could no
more justify than if we carried their freight, their
goods; which we could no more justify than we
could the practice that once prevailed of subsi-
dizing steamers for purposes of merchandise and
commerce. We had just as much right to sub-
sidize steamers running from different ports of this
country abroad, for the purpose of transporting
goods and commodities, as wc have to undertake
to carry the letters and periodicals of individuals
for a sum which is insufficient to repay us for that
service. But to a certain extent there is an anal-
ogy between what we pay for the Army and Navy,
anil what we pay for the Post Office Department.
Whatever is public service in the Post Office De-
partment, the carrying of the letters and dispatches
of the Government, we ought to pay for. It is
no hardship if we do pay for it by means of taxes;
but when we come to sell to individuals our ser-
vices as common carriers, to carry their letters,
we should do it on the same terms as if we were
undertaking to carry their goods.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest that,
as I understand, we now pay $700,000 annually
for that Government service, and over throe hun-
dred thousand dollars that has recently been ruled
to be a permanent appropriation. We pay now
$1,080,000 per annum for the Government service
of the Post Office Department.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am aware of that. I be-
lieve we pay more for it than it costs the contract-
ors; but still I do not complain of it; but I do com-
plain when wc are required to carry the letters or
packages of private individuals at the expense of
the Government I say, if wo undertake to per-
form this service and this office, we ought to do
it for a charge which will repay us; and the day
will come, I do not know how aoon, when pri-
vate individuals will perform this service at cer-
tain rates which will remunerate them; and it will
be better and more practicable, when our terri-
tory is filled up and our population is larger, to
leave it to private enterprise, to leave it to com-
mon carriers to carry letters and pamphlets and !
newspapers, just as they carry goods and other |
commodities; and I say it would he just as fair ;
to undertake to carry the one without sufficient i
remuneration as to carry the other. But, sir, I i
know that Congress has been acting under a dif- !
ferent policy; I know that we have embarked in !
it to an extent that must necessarily be expens- >
ive. I would not curtail it too suddenly or too !
rapidly. If I had the power, I would raise the |
rates of postage to a remunerative price; but I ,
have not the power to do that. We have taken
the sense of Congress; and we find they are will- :
ing to do it. If I cannot do that, I would, if I j
had the power, repeal the franking privilege, and j
at least relieve the Department of that burden and j
expense; but wo know from experience that this j
is next to impossible. j
Well, then, sir, I insist, as the only thing left '
us, leave to the Postmaster General that power
which he yet has to reticnch and curtail the ex-
penditure upon useless routes; and if you refuse
to adopt this amendment, in my opinion there is
no further hope left; and the abuse will go on ac-
cumulating in the Post Office Department until the
people themselves come forward and demand that
it shall be put down. To save the Department
itself, to maintain its usefulness, and continue its
popularity, it is necessary, in my opinion, to re-
form these abuses. *
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire
of the Committee on Finance why the additional
§300,000, that was appropriated expressly for this
additional service, for this restoration of service,
is retained, after the committee propose to strike
out the service ?
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator that
if wc succeed in this amendment, we shall cer-
tainly move to strike out the $300,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I fully concuf in the re-
maiks of the Senator from Missouri. The expe-
rience in his State is the same as in my own. I
do not know a single route where the service has
been diminished in the State of Michigan, where
it ought not to be immediately restored. It is
saving at the spiggot and leaving the bung-hole
open. We have a little dog-train route leading
up into the Lake Superior region, and from that
dog-train route I have heard more complaint this
winter than from all the other routes in the State.
An Indian, with three dogs, once a week, carries
a mail into a mineral region that produces live or
six million dollars of mineral, with depopulation
of twenty or thirty thousand. They were accus-
tomed to receive their letters once a week by this
little dog train. The pruning knife has been ap-
plied there. So you may go through all the new
States, and you will find that the little one-horse
mail routes, where they pay, perhaps, as in Mis-
souri, twenty-five dollars a year, have been cut
off; the pioneer who has gone into the woods with
his family, and perhaps a few other families, es-
tablished^ a neighborhood, opened up a country
for settlement, is deprived of the advantage of a
mail running once a week, on foot or on horse-
back, while your great railroad routes, with three
trains a day, and $125 per mile for every train, are
retained. Sir, let them strike at the root—not
prune off these little branches that are really ne-
cessary, and leave a great fungus swallowing up
the revenues of the Department at the root.
Sir, 1 hope this entire restoration will take
place, and take place soon. I shall have some-
thing to say by and by upon another proposi-
tion which comes from the Committee on Finance
in this bill, it is not now before us; but I will
jnention that the Committee on Finance propose,
by another amendment to this bill, to pay interest
for supplying wrapping and printing paper, mail
locks, keys, stamps, blanks. Money is to be ap-
propriated to pay interest on printing the blanks.
Well, sir, it has been proved that ninety-three
per cent, of the money paid for tilts blank pi bit-
ing was stolen from the Tieasiu y. Contiacts have
been let for that work at seven cents, for what
was formerly paid one dollar, and yet it is now
proposed to impose a tax on the Post Office De-
partment to pay interest on this robbery of the
Post Office fund. Sir, I will not go into that ques-
tion at this time. I simply content myself with
hoping now that this amendmentof the Commit-
tee on Finance will not be adopted; but that the
proposed restoration will take place.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order—I suppose it is—
to move to amend the amendment before the vote
on the proposition of the committee is taken?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ericht
in the chair.) It is in order to perfect the section
before the motion to strike out is taken.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to amend the sec-
tion by inserting after the word " Tennessee,"
m line twenty-four,4'or from Kansas City to Stock-
ton, or from Neosho to Albuquerque;" so that the
clause will read:
" Proiided, That nothing heicin contained shall be con-
strued t-o a* lo renew the mail corvieo on the Cumberland
. nver. above Ulaik^on, in the State of Torme^ee, or from
j Kansas City to Stockton, or from Neosho to Albuquerque."
Mr. GREEN. The route from Kansas City to
Stockton, I think, vas discontinued by law at the
last session. That is my recollection.
Mr. PEARCE. It has certainly been discon-
tinued.
Mr. HALE. Does the Senator say that both
these routes have been discontinued by law?
Mr. GREEN. No; only the one from Kan-
sas City to Stockton.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not propose, Mr.
President, to occupy the Senate long,and I shall
confine my remarks entirely to the proposition
now before us. In relation to the general subject,
I think it will be quite obvious to any gentleman
who looks into the returns which the Department
has laid before us, that if you judge by the results,
we can easily see what nas been the effect, an<l
how that effect has been produced mainly, in re-
lation to the condition of the Post Office Depart-
ment. When the postage was reduced,in 1845, it
was expected that the revenues would fall short
for a short time; and for a few years after that act
went into effect, they did fall short; but in 1849,
and from that time up to 1851, the Post Office
Department met all its expenses and had a small
surplus. In March, 1849, it became my privilege,
and perhaps my duty, to pass into that Depart-
ment. The returns show that for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1849, the excess of receipts
beyond the expenditures,' was $212,300. For
the year ending June 30, 1850, up to which time
I remained there, the surplus was $260,000 and a
fraction over. In 1851, under the administration
of Mr. Hall, the excess was $112,000. Then went
into effect the new postage act fixing three cents
a#the rate,and the next year, in 1852",the expend-
itures over receipts weie $2,098,000. The very
first year after it went into operation, the balance
against the Department was over two million of
dollais; and it went on increasing from that time.
In 1853, it was $2,508,000. It ran up with toler-
able regularity from that time, making the great-
est advances m 1858and in 1859. In 1858, it was
$5,390,000; in 1859, $7,700,000.
It is true that in the last two years, especially
the last year, there was visited upon the Depart-
ment one branch of heavy expenditure that it did
not have before. Previous to that time, the mails
for California, which were transported by steam-
ers, had been paid for by the Navy Department,
and were not a charge upon the Post Office De-
partment at alt; but they became so in 1858. That
made a very considerable difference. I am not,
however, about to go into the history and set down
the causes, as I view them, for this very increase
of expense, and not comparative increase of in-
come, at this time. 1 belief what I have thus far
stated is very neaily what was stated by the Sen-
ator from Maryland on Saturday from tables,
though I was not present at the time; but he drew
attention to the subject under consideration par-
ticularly.
Now, the House of Representatives propose
that the Department shall restore all the service
to what it was a year ago last spring, when we
adjourned, and leave it so. That is the substance
of the provision. I understand that our Finance
Committee propose to strike out all that entirely;
and it is said here, by the chairman of that com-
mittee, us well as by the chairman of the Post
Office Committee, who stands in nearer connec-
tion, I believe, with the head of the Department,
that the pacing of such an act as that is a sort of
reproach on the head of the Department. I think
not at all; and asl shall be called upon to vote on
this proposition, and as I entertain views so differ-
ent from those which those gentlemen have ad-
vanced on this point, I wish briefly to state them.
I view it, that the head of the Department made
these changes and curtailments from the pressure*
of circumstances at the moment. I have no fault
to find with it at all. Certainly he was placed In
a new and peculiar condition. There was one
period in the history of the country which has
some parallelism in its condition to this, to which
J shall call attention before I sit down.^ThePost-
master General was in a peculiar condition. He
took the measures which he thought adapted to that
condition. He did it by making curtailments. 1
know that in the other House—and I do notknow
but that by some here—the query has been raise*!
whether hcexercisedan authorized power in doing
that. I have not the least doubt at all about that.
I know not how other gentlemen may view it,
but I think that,under the statute of 1825, the head,
of the Department being authorized to put into
operation such sen ice as he thought nccessary
on the different "routes provided bylaw, he had a
right, and it was a right that was always exer**
cised, in making a contract with a man to say ta
him, "I will try that weekly or daily or three-
times a week; I will make that contract with you;
it is my duty to provide for such scrvice as tht*
public require; 1 cannot tell precisely what they
will require; but I will give you that service^ and
