THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONffRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixtii Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1860.
New Series.....No. 151.'
ways pay for it sooner or later; and you might
just as well say so now, and get rid of all impor-
tunity and tedious inquiry and everlasting; peti-
tioning: on the subject. I prefer that provision of
the bill should go into effect just as it is, provid-
ing that those who have actually done the servicc
shall have their pay now.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Vermont has
stated so clearly the very case that has occurred in
my own State that it is almost unnecessary for me
to detain the Senate longer. I was going on to state
that there is scarcely a route, ccrtainly not one of
the main traveled routes, in California where the
contractors have not been carrying the mail oftener
than their contract required, owing to the fact that
they run their stages daily where they had tri-
weekly contracts, and they ware required by the
Department to carry the mail every time they run
their stages, and this by a regulation of the De-
partment.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I would inquire of the
Senator from California if, when a route is dis-
continued or curtailed, the Senate is to understand
him as saying that the contractor is required to
carry the mail every time the stage runs.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir. I will state the case.
There is a provision in the contract that the con-
tractor makes to carry the mail tri-weekly, and
the travel on that'routc makes it profitable to him
to run his stages daily: he is required to carry the
mail daily, but he only gets paid for tri-weekly
scrvice. That is the regulation of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I am very glad to hear it;«
but I have before me an order of the Department
in relation to route 580(i, where the service was
changed from weekly to semi-monthly, and be-
foie the contractors could receive the mail from
the post office they were obliged to come under
an obligation to claim no additional compensation
from the Department or from Congress.
Mr. GWI1NT. If the contractors had been run-
ning semi-weekly service, instead of weekly ser-
vice, they would have been required to carry that
mail semi-weekly.
Mr. HEMPHILL. They were running weekly
service, but were reduced to semi-monthly. They
proposed to carry the mails weekly, as before,
but could not receive them until they came under
the obligation 1 have stated.
Mr. GWIN. Suppose these contractors had
been carrying the mail before semi-weekly, they
would have had to carry it for the. weekly com-
pensation; they could have got no more. That
is the regulation of the Department, that if a con-
tractor runs his stages oftener than he contracts
to carry the mail, he shall carry the mail every
time he runs his stages, for the reason that if lie
leaves the mails behind he gets no letters at all.
In my own State, the express companies do an
immense business. They carry the gold from
the miningtowns to San Francisco, and they carry
letters and newspapers. The express companies
violate no law in carrying letters; they have their
ten cent stamps The rost Office Departmentonly
charges three cents for the same service, so that
citizens of California had to pay ten cents if they
wanted their letters daily, unless the mail was car-
ried daily. Therefore, the express companies car-
ried neatly all the letters,unless the mail was ear-
ned daily, as well as the letters by expresses.
Now, in the late reductions that have taken place
in California on the land routes, they have carried
the mails as they did atthe time, and have generally
done since 1854, oftener than we paid for; but when
this reduction took place,they not only carried the
mail oftener than their contractrequired, but they
have been carrying it seven times a week when
the service was reduced to three times a week.
They were bound to perform the service because
they were running their stages seven timesaweek.
There is a portion of the service that is new in
my State; an experiment made for the purpose of
economizing the cost of carrying the mail. It is
well known that the two great rivers of that
State—the San Joaquin and the Sacramento—are
the means of conveying the mails to be distributed
151
throughoutthewhole State. The steam navigation
company have the'control of the transportation of
those two rivers. They ran six times a week and
got large compensation, and they could not be
competed with. The Postmaster General gave
the contract on the route from San Francisco to
Stockton out to overland service. He was pay-
ing $33,000 a year for carrying that mail by the
river. He got a contract for $9,500, or something
like that, for carrying it six times a week by land.
That was a proper discretion on his part, if
he could get it carried for that sum; but in San
Francisco the boats left at four o'clock in the
evening; a commercial day had transpired, and
merchants could correspond with their corre-
spondents in the interior by the boats ;but the mail
overland had to leave in the morning. It was an
inconvenience, but notwithstanding that incon-
vcnicnce the contractor who took a contract at
$9,500, after carrying the mail for eight or nine
months, was bankrupted. He took it too low;
and they now have had to restore the service, to
re-offer the service to the steamship company, and
are paying now $25,000 a year for it. That was
an experiment to economize. That is not one of
the cases that I am speaking of at all. There is no
restoration of that service. There is an expect-
ation of a restoration of the land scrvice that was
earned in California, and carried with the knowl-
edge of the Post Office agent there, because he has
stated the fact that they performed the service
daily, although it was reduced to semi-weekly or
tri-weeltly. That was service they were forced
to do. The necessities of the case, the regulations
of the Post Office Department, required it.
Mr. YULEE. Not at all.
Mr. GWIN. I say it is. The Senator ought
not to interrupt me when I am speaking on a sub-
ject that I know. I say any contractor, who car-
ries the mail, is required to cany the mail every
day he runs a stage.
Mr. YXJLEE. When the Senator is through
I will answer.
Mr. GWIN. I hope he will do it. That has
been the case; and I say that they have performed
the servicc. They were required to do it. if
they have carried the mail oftener than the con-
tract requires since the curtailment, they ought to
be paid. I am willing to give a discretion to the
Department. I have no doubt the Postmaster
General will pay in ail such cases where the ser-
vice was performed; and I want a discretion given
to the Postmaster General to make the restora-
tion and pay for back service.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, something has
been said by the Senator from Vermont about re-
ductions in the service. I take leave, therefore,
to make a short statement to the Senate. The
Postmaster General has stated the whole reduc-
tion in these expenditures at $1,826,000. I have
seen somewhere a table which gives more in de-
tail these estimates. 1 cannot now lay my hand
on it, but 1 recollect this much: that $900,000 has
been saved in the curtailment of the Pacific mail
expenses; that $100,000 has been retrenched by
dispensing with the scrvice of route agents, mes-
sengers, ar.d extra compensation to postmasters;
and there would remain, therefore, about eight
hundred thousand dollars distributed over the
country, as the retrenchment made in the general
scrvice throughout the Union. Of these, I per-
ceive by some tables at which I have looked, that
$32S,000 in one river route, and §30,000 in an-
other river route—that from Nashville to Mem-
phis—have been reduced. That is $,'138,000 ;which,
taken from the £800,000, leaves but about four
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for all the other
routes curtailed through the United States—a very
small percent., (about live percent.,) of the whole
service remaining unexplained. I see there is
another route reduced some seventeen thousand
dollars in some remote part of the country. It
is very manifest, therefore, that the amount of
reduction has not been great, and it has been prin-
cipally m the southern States, too. The reduc-
tion m the Senator's own State is §6,000; in my
own it is $15,000; m Missouri it was $146,000,
but of that, a very large portion is chargeable to
two Pacific routes.
Now, sir, we undertake to restore all this ser-
vice, and the Senator wants us to discriminate,
and say we will not restore certain routes which
have been mentioned as very extravagant; and
then he wants to restore others, about which wo do
not know the facts and circumstances whieh have
induced the reduction. Beyond doubt, it is ex-
tremely probable that out of the fifteen thousand
routes (for 1 believe there are that many in the
United States) the Postmaster General, and his
subordinates, who have inquired into the subject
for him, may have made some mistakes. That is
extremely probable. I think the Department is
conscious of that itself; because it has already
taken measures for restoring some of these very-
routes reduced. I know one in my own immediate
neighborhood which was reduced, and which has
been ordered to be restored, under anew contract,
after the 1st of July next.
I find then, sir, from a note that I have in the
committee-room, thatthe Postmaster Generales-
timated it would require about five hundred thou-
sand dollars a year to restore certain' routes,
for in the House they cut that amount down- to
P00,000; and that is the sum which the Senator
from Virginia spoke of as being proper to be
stricken out if this amendment should be carried,
out of the general appropriation for the inland
postal service.
I think, therefore, sir, the evil complained of
cannot be considered to be a very large one. If
$300,000 be adequate to restore all those routes
which, in the opinion of the House, ought to be
restored, out of $9,000,000, it is about three per
cent., and a little fraction over. I think we might
safely trust that to the discretion of the Postmas-
ter General, who has shown a disposition to rem-
edy every case where there has been any mistake,
or where the service is so important to the public
necessity that we should disregard the amount
of the productiveness of the route; and he can ex-
ercise that discretion a thousand times better than
we can, who do not know, and never will know,
the facts while wc are discussing this bill, or
probably at any future time.
While I am up, I will make one remark in reply
to the Senator from Michigan, who, a short time
ago, made a very violent and extravagant charge
about cheating and robbery, and, I think, without
considering properly how far a gentleman is jus-
tifiable in speaking of a transaction as a fraud and
a cheat and a robbery, when it has been strictly
according to the requirements of law. We found
in the bill, as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, a provision appropriating $27,500 for
mail bags, out of which—not all of which, but out
of which—the Postmaster General " shall pay the
contractors for furnishing leather mail pouches
interest at the rate of six per ccnt. per annum."
The Postmaster General sent the committee a let-
ter, in which he stated that, if we paid interest on
the leather mail pouches, it was equally obligatory
on us to pay interest on the accounts against the
Departmentfor wrapping and printing paper, mail
locks and keys, and stamps and blanks. It seems
that all these articles had been purchased by the
Department of certain contractors who ought to
have been paid the cash for their goods. The De-
partment, being without funds, could not pay for
these things; so the contractors remained for some
time without their money. The House thought it
proper to direct the payment of interest upon these
leather mail pouches which were furnished; and,
by parity of reasoning, it was equally proper to
pay interest on the accounts for printing paper
and wrapping paper and keys and locks and
blanks; but yet the Senator thinks that it is cheat-
ing and robbery to pay for blanks the sum allowed
by the law; and he speaks of the great reductionin
the price of these blanks which we have already
made.
Well, now, sir, what is the explanation of that?
As I understand, the con tract price for these blanks
bore a just proportion to the contract price of
other printing done for the Departments origin-
