1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
56th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
usually made by sliips-of-war when vessels enter
a port where they are lying, and not an attempt
to revive the practicc of search, against which
this Government, a few months previous, had
taken decisive measures. The explanation was
satisfactory to Flag-officer Mcintosh, whose
course on this occasion was regarded as prompt
and judicious, and received the warm approval
of the Department.
The St. Louis joined the squadron in February,
the Brooklyn in March, the Preble in June, and
the Sabine in August. The Jamestown, St. Louis,
and Preble have been cruising most of the time on
the coast of Nicaragua; the Brooklyn, Savannah,
and Saratoga, on that of Mexico. The flag-ship
Roanoke ha  been much in the neighborhood of
Aspinwall, occasionally alternating with one of
the vessels on the coast of Nicaragua. In May
she afforded Mr. Jones, United States Minister at
Bogota, a passage from Aspinwall to Carthagena.
The Brooklyn having left New York in Feb-
ruary, visited Beaufort, South Carolina; thence
proceeded to Port au Prince and Aux Cayes, to
protect our interests from suffering by the revo-
lution then prevailing m Hayti; and thence pro-
ceeded to Aspinwall, where she arrived March 10.
On the 23d she set sail for Vera Cruz, to aid Mr.
McLane, United States Minister to Mexico, in
the accomplishment of his mission. In September
she afforded him a passage to Mobile, and re-
cently, on his return to Mexico, she has afforded
him a passage to Vera Cruz.
In July the Sabine visited St. Domingo City, to
afford protection to the American citizens residing
there.
On the 13th of August the St. Louis was dis-
patched from Aspinwall to Carthagena, as the
presence of a man-of-war in that port was deemed
necessnry lo protect our citizens during the rev-
olution m Bolivia.
The Savannah was ordered to Boston to re-
cruit, as her officers and crew had suffered from
the climate of Mexico and Central America. She
arrived there in July, and m August returned
again to the coast of Mexico.
The steamers Crusader, Mohawk, Wyandott,
and Water "Witch are cruising on the coast of
Cuba, the first two on the north, the others on the
south side of the island, for the suppression of the
African slave trade supposed to be carried on there
in American vessels.
On the 18th of November Lieutenant Craven,
commanding the Mohawk, discovered a brig at
anchor about twelve miles from Sagua la Grande.
On sending a boat to examine her, at its approach
her crow were slcii to leave in their boat. On
boarding her she was supposed to be the Cygnet,
of Baltimore, and had evidently recently landed a
cargo of slaves. No papers were found on board,
excepting some loose memoranda and bills. Pos-
session was taken of her, and she was towed by
the Mohawk to Key West and turned over to the
United States marshal.
The United States steamer Fulton, G. G. Wil-
liamson, commander, sailed fioni Noifolk on the
525th of August for the south side of Cuba, to be j
there employed on special service. Shortly after j
leaving Key West, where she called for a supply
of cool and water, many of her officers and crew
were attacked by fever, among whom were the
commander, purser, and master of the vessel.
When off Cape Antorno, the sick-list increas-
ing, an epidemic fever being apprehended, it was
deemed a measure of prudence and safety to re-
sort to a healthy location for a few days, and her
course was dii cetcd to the Tortugas. The weather
threatening and a high sea running, it was dan-
gerous to approach-the reefs, and it was then de-
termined to run for Pensacola, wind and seafavor-
ing it. The wind soon became a gale, and a little
after one o'clock on the morning of the 16th of
September the Fulton went ashore at St. Rosa
Island, about twenty-five miles eastof Fort Pick-
ens, in Florida. No lives were lost; most of the
public property on board was saved, and by the
untiring industry and energy of those connected
with the navy-yard at Pensacola, assisted by her
officers and crew, she was again put afloat and
taken to Pensacola, where she still remains. The
Department ordered a court of inquiry; and, upon
the facts reported by it, deemed no further pro-
ceedings to be necessary.
The Pacific squadron has been commanded
by Flag-officers Long and Montgomery. The
former was detached and the latter succeeded him
in August. The steam frigate Merrimac, Com-
mander R. B. Hitchcock; the steamer Saranac,
Captain R. Ritchie; the sloops-of-war St. Mary's,
Commander W. D. Porter; Levant, Commander
W. E. Hunt; Vandalia, Commander A Sinclair;
Decatur, Commander II. K. Thatcher; Cyane,
Commander S. Lockwood; the steamship Lan-
caster, Captain J. Rudd, and the storeship War-
ren, Lieutenant J. J. Boyle, have been attached
to the squadron. The steam sloop Wyoming,
Commander*J. K. Mitchell, has received her
orders and is on her way to join it. The steam
sloop Narragansett, Commander T. A. Hunt, is
in commission and will soon follow them. The
Merrimac and Vandalia have been detached and
are on their way to the Atlantic States. The Deca-
tur has been put out of commission at the navy-
yard in California. Commander C. H Davis
commanded the St. Mary's until the 21st of Feb-
ruary last, when he was succeeded by Commander
R.D. Thorburn.
The Merrimac arrived at Realejo, in Nicaraguo,
November 7, 3858, from a cruise to the Sandwich
Islands, touching at Acapulco. She remained on
the coast until late in March, tocooperate with
General Lamar, United States Minister to Nica-
ragua, and then visited Panama, Paita, Callao,
and returning, visited Guayaquil, Paita, and Tum-
bez, and arrived at Panama August 15, where
Flag-officer Long was relieved by his successor.
In January, the Saranac proceeded from Panama
to Guaymas to protect American citizens there,
touching at San Juan del Sur, San Bias, and Ma-
zatlan, and returning, stopped at San Bias, Aca-
pulco, Ventosa, Realejo, and San Juan del Sur,
arriving again at Panama Apnl f>, J859. In May ]
she proceeded to Callao for repairs; and, touch-
ing at Puna and Guayaquil, returned to Panama.
The Decatur, having been for some time at
Realejo to cooperate wiih our Minister, was dis-
patched in January to the Gulf of Fonseca, to
arrest an illegal expedition against Nicaragua,
which it was apprehended would make its ap-
pearance at that point. She visited La Union,
returned to Realejo; was sent to San Juan del
Sur, returned to Vtealejo, and then proceeded to
San Francisco, and in May was put out of com-
mission.
The Vandalia, Commander Arthur Sinclair,
having been, in June, 1858, dispatched from Pan-
ama on a six months' cruise among i*he islands
of the South Pacific, rendered important service
to citizens of the United States trading with those
distant islands, or thrown upon them by ship-
wreck. At Oeno and Pitcairn's Islands she res-
cued the officers, crew, and passengers (more
than forty m number) of the American clipper
ship Wild Wave, wrecked on her passage from
San Francisco to Valparaiso. At Waya, one of
the Feejee Islands, two American citizens, en-
gaged in trading with thafisland, had been mur-
dered by the natives. Commander Sinclair made
a demand for the perpetrators of the outrage, and
was answered with defiance. An expedition was
immediately dispatched, under Lieutenant Cald-
well, to assault and destroy the principal village
on the island. Lieutenant Caldwell had with him
Assistant Surgeon Trist, Lieutenant Ramsay, of
the marines, Master's Mate Bartlett, and forty
seamen and ten marines. The savages felt secure
in their position, which could be approached only
through deep ravines filled with locks, chasms,
and precipices. With indomitable perseverance
the expedition, after nearly five hours' march,
reached the. village. A fierce conflict ensued be-
tween them and about three hundred native war- t
riors, which resulted in the defeat of the latter.
The gallantry, coolness, and bravery displayed
by officers and men was in the highest degree
commendable. Fourteen of their warriors killed,
including two of their chiefs, several wounded,
and more than a hundred of their huts destroyed,
taught the savages a lesson which will be remem-
bered in those barbarous islands. The expedition
was conducted most successfully throughout, and
without loss of life on the part of the Americans,
although several were wounded.
The Vandalia arrived at San Francisco early
in December, and after some .repairs, proceeded
towards Panama, touching at intermediate ports.
At Guaymas she remained three weeks, the coun-
try being in a revolutionary state. Returning to
Panama, she remained there until September, and
then set sail'for New York.
The St. Mary's, \n October, 1858, was ordered
to Guaymas to effect the liberation of Jesu Ainsi,
represented to bo a citizen of the United States,
in confinement there; but he was liberated before
her arrival. Being informed that another citizen
of the United States, Frederick Goerlitz, was
imprisoned there, Commander Davis at onc&de-
manded the grounds of it. His interference re-
resulted m the immediate release of the prisoner.
While the St. Mary's was on the coast of Mex-
ico, that country was in a turbulent and revolu-
tionary state. the presence of the St. Mary's,
and the energetic measures of Commander Davis
went far to relieve the fears and preserve the prop-
erty of our countrymen. While her presence was
necessary at Guaymas, a detachment of her offi-
cers and men was dispatched to Mazatlairin a
brigantine placed by the American Surveying
Commission at the disposal of Commander Davis".
The particular object of the expedition was to
obtain information of the condition of affairs about
Mazatlan, to learn if any citizen of the United
States had been imprisoned there or oppressed,
and to afford them all possible relief. Ihe ser-
vice was performed most satisfactorily by Lieu-
tenant J. S. Maury and those associated with him.
From Guaymas the St. Mary's proceeded to Ma-
zatlan, thence to Acapulco, where she arrived
January 12, J859, and her officers and crew were
relieved on the 21st February by a relief crew
sent out across the Istlunus of Panama, under the
command of Commander R. D. Thorburn. The
latter having been sent home, Commander W.
D. Porter succeeded him in t>#D command, and
joined her at Panama on the 2d July. Soon after
the St. Mary's proceeded to Guaymas with in-
structions from the Department to protest against
the oppressive and illegal treatment of Captain
Stone and his companions, citizens of the United
States, from the authorities of Sonora. The St.
Maiy's arrived there on the 15th October, when
the protest was presented, and where she remained
when last heard from.
During the past year the Home and Pacific
squadrons have been unusually large, and their
service unusually severe, on account of the un-
settled state of Mexico, Central America, and
some of the States of South America. They have
been required not only to protect trade and com-
merce, and to resist the unlawful search or seizure
of American vessels under the protection of our
flag, but they have been required to be on the
alert to arrest and prevent all unlawful expedi-
tions from the United States against those unset-
tled States, and to protect the public mails and
the persons and property of American citizens in
their transit between the Atlantic and Pacific
States, and the persons and property of American
citizens on the land or on the water wherever they
might be accessible. These arduous duties have
been faithfully performed
The Brazil squadron hosbeen successively com-
manded by Flag-officers Forrest, Shubrick, and
Sands. In the course of the year, as already
mentioned, the Sabine, St. Lawrence, Falmouth,
Preble, Memphis, Atalanta, Caledonia, Dolphin*
Southern Star, Westernport, Fulton, Bambridge,
Water Witch, Perry, Chapin, Metacomet, the
Harriet Lane, and the storeships Supply and Re-
lease have been attached to it. It now consists
of the frigate Congress, Captain L. M. Golds-
borough ; the Dolphin, Commander Charles Steed-
man; the Perry, Lieutenant Commanding R. L.
Tilghman;tlic Bainbridge, Lieutenant Command-
ing M. Woodhull; the steamer Pulaski, Lieuten-
ant Commanding W. H. Macomb; and the store-
ship Release, Lieutenant Commanding George
W. Harrison.
Commander Steedman was the senior officer on
the station, fiom the return of the Paraguay ex-
pedition until the arrival of Flag-officer Sand.s,
and was employed principally m the vicinity of
the La Plata. The difficulties between the Argen-
tine Confederation and the Province of Buenos
Ayres made it necessary to have a naval force at
hand to guard the interests of American citizens,
supposed to be endangered by them.
