2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,.
ally; but itturned out that somebody stereotyped
the plates for these blanks, and after a season,
■when new headings were required, those stereo-
typed plates would not work, and some ingenious
person discovered a mode of applying new head-
ings, bv which the old stereotyped plates might
be used, and in this way the work done in print-
ing these blanks could be done at exceedingly
cheap rates. It is that circumstance which has
reduced the price of them so low, and has made it
so profitable a iob. The Senate have ascertained
that, and they have reduced the price; but until
they reduced the prices, and these purchases were
made by the Post Office Department, they were
made at the prices designated by law, without
any violation of law whatsoever, or of any moral
principle, that any man can state or conceive of.
It is therefore, I think, somewhat like an outrage
in the Senator from Michigan to talk of this as a
cheat and a robbery. If the Postmaster General
had violated the law; if, knowing that he was
exceeding the requirements of the statute, he had
made contracts at enormous prices, which that
statute did not allow, it would have been a gross
violation of his duty, and the gentleman might
have applied what terms of ignominy he pleased
to him, without a word of reply from me; but I
do not think that these words " cheating" and
" robbery" can be justly applied to a transaction
which is stiictly according to the forms of law.
I make this answer because, if somebody did not
meet it, it might appear as if there was an admis-
sion on the part of those members of the Senate
who have the highest confidence in the integrity,
as well as the ability, of the Postmaster General,
that he had been guilty, as the Senator seems to
think, of cheating and robbery.
Mr, CHANDLER. The Senator thinks my
remark was harsh in calling this a robbery. Now,
I wish to ask of the Senator whether, if he, as
my agent to transact my business economically,
should discover that I was paying one hundred
cents when six and a quarter was all that was
necessary for me to pay, and he permitted that to
go on year after year, without calling my atten-
tion to the fact, and I not knowing it, would he
not consider himself morally guilty of robbery?
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the Senator is
supposing a case not at all parallel—not existing
at all. This is the case of a price fixed by law.
He is bound to pay that price. He could not go
above it. It is fixed by law. He has no busi-
ness to be cutting under. He does that which
the law requires him to do. I very readily admit
that if I were the private ngunt of the gentle-
man, and were to make contracts for him at ten
times the price for which 1 could get them, I
should be doing a very abominable thing. That
is not the case m this instance; and, as for the
present Postmaster General, he only came into
office a year ago. Nobody knows that he or his
iredecessor ever had any knowledge of these facts,
f they had,Ithmkit would have been very proper
to have the matter mentioned to Congress, and
have the law corrected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist that the cases are
precisely parallel. Here is an abuse that has ex-
isted 
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to make one more
remark. I find, if 1 am not misinformed—the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Puon] reminds me of it
—that about two years ago the Senate attempted
to make some correction in this matter, but the
House threw it out.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. The fact of
this enormous abuse was not believed in the
House, or they would not have thrown it out. 1
have searched in vain in official papers for a noti-
fication from the Postmaster General, or from the
President of the United States, or from any other
official person, whose duty it was to call the at-
tention of Congress to this abuse. I did not in-
tend to allude to this fact, but it is in evidence;
you see it in the newspapers that for years and
years and years political jobbery has been paid
out of the Post Office funds through this blank-
printing contract. I saw a newspaper account as
to the manner of dividing the entire profits of this |
job, this plunder—for I must call it plunder—1 !
cannot call it an honest transaction. Had I been \
guilty of it as a merchant, I should be turned out !
from the exchange of any city of the United !
States, as unworthy of a seat there; and yet, be- j
cause the funds were not applied to private use, |
?,
but for party purposes, forsooth, it is not robbery,
while it would be robbery if the funds had been
applied to private use! 1 cannot see the distinc-
tion. it is a distinction without a difference. I
insist upon it, sir, that ihe cases are precisely
similar, and that no mild term will designate this
transaction.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator aXow me to
ask him whether he knows that any Postmaster
General was aware of an overcharge for that
printing? Does he know that fact? If he does
not know it, he ought not to have charged it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have seen it in the
newspapers, and i have been told that it is in
evidence before a committee of the other House.
Mr. YULEE. I think not.
Mr. CHANDLER. Likewise in this House.
It is published, and before us.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Michigan has
been speaking of that of which he is most pro-
foundly ignorant. He has denounced that as a
fraud, a deviation from which would of itself have
been a fraud, because it would have been a vio-
lation of law. The fact that the work could be
done at such a large percentage below that fixed
by law, was known to none others than the con-
tractors until they themselves made it known;
but even now, under existing law, the percentage
of reduction in the price is by no means as great
as the Senator from Michigan says. There wcie
two classes; there were more, but for convenience
sake I will say there were two classes of printing;
one the ordinary legislative and executive print-
ing, and the other the Post Office blanks. It was
manifest, at the time the law of 1852 was framed,
that the Post Office blanks could be punted very
much cheaper than the other executive and legis-
lative printing, and hence there was only paid by
that law one dollar per thousand sheets, for Post
Office blanks, to two dollars or two dollars and
a half for other printing. The Senate, by a sin-
gular oversight—one which the Committee on
Printing subsequently endeavored, but endeav-
ored in vain, with the aid of the chairman of the
select committee of the Senate, [Mr. King,] to
remedy—the Senate, by a singular oversight in
changing that law, provided that bids should be
received and the printing of the Post Office blanks
let to a man who agreed' to do it at the greatest
per cent, below the price for executive printing;
not below the price then paid for Post Office
blanks. Therefore, the present price under the
recent law is not ninety-three per cent, deduction
upon one dollar per thousand sheets, but a deduc-
tion of about ninety-three per cent, upon the. price
of executive piintmg, namely: upon about two
dollars and fifty cents per thousand sheets, and
the price consequently, as it will probably be adju-
dicated, will be almostas high as itwas under the
old law. The intention of the Senate was to have a
reduction upon the then price. The phraseology of
the law, however, makes it a leduction upon the
price of the executive printing. However, as I
have already remarked, even the fact that it could
be done at less than the one dollar previously paid,
was not known, except to the contractors. The
bills were stereotyped. That was one great source
of profit. Another was in a peculiar form of pa-
per. There is but one manufacturer, I believe, 111
the United States, who has as yet manufactured
paper in that form winch enables him to cut it in
such manner as to make an enormous profit on
Post Office blanks. That manufacturer has, in
some form or other, contrived to monopolize the
Post Office blanks, until recently, and I am not
sure that his hand is not in the existing contract.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, ll is very im-
portant that there should be an executive session
to-day, and it must be evident to the Senate that
we have gone into a debate that lias not mended
these matters that were under discussion. When-
ever we diverge thus far, there is no telling when
we shall get back again. It is now live o'clock.
It is very important, us I said before, that we
should have an executive session for a short time
to-day. I can assure the Senate of that, and I
move that we proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will go on
with the consideration of this bill. There is a
special order for to-morrow. The Senator from :
Oregon has another special order, and if we do ■
not finish this bill to-day, I do not know when  
we shall get at it again. |
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would not
have any objection to going on with the bill if we
could vote at once, but we know it is impossible.
There are several gentlemen who have determined
to speak. The very same power which enabled
the Senator from Virginia to take this bill up to-
day over the special order, which has been de-
pending for many weeks—the bill of the Senator
from Oregon—will enable him to do the same
thing to-morrow over all other special orders;
and it is important that we should have an exec-
utive session to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to crowd out
special orders if I can get my business out of the
way; and if we sit an hour longer we shall get rid
of the bill, I think, and have it out of the way.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senators from Vir-
ginia and Arkansas-permit me to make one single
remark ? A bill in which I feel a peculiar per-
sonal interest, as does my colleague, has been
several times made a special order of the day. It
is the special order for to-morrow. I would ap-
peal to my friend from Virginia that if this bill
cannot be disposed of to-day, it shall be postponed
until Wednesday, that we may be able to dispose
to-morrow of the question to which I allude. I
think I have a right to make that appeal to the
courtesy of my brother Senators on this floor.
Mr HUNTER. I was trying to get this bill
out of the way. If we sit a little while longer,
I hope we can dispose of it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am willing to sit here.
Mr. HUNTER. I would not be in the way
of any brother Senator on a personal matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have submit-
ted the motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to second the motion.
There are several gentlemen here, my friend from
Rhode ,Island [Mr. Simmons] and other*, who
,want to address the Senate-, the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pugii] also.
Mr. PUGH. I shall waive my speech if we
can take a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to
the Senator from Virginia and the Senator from
Louisiana that I am willing to sit here until mid-
night to get the bill through, if the Sepate are so
disposed; but I have no confidence that we shall
be able to keep a quorum. That is my doubt, and
1 know we ought to have an executive session to-
day. I cannot speak about it now. Give us an
executive session, and in five minutes I venture
to say all the executive business can be done that
is necessary, and we can be back again in open
session on this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to an exec-
uti\e session, and am quite willing to go in as soon
as we get through with this bill; but, if we post-
pone this bill until to-morrow, we shall only have
a renewal of the long debate wc have had to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. We can take
it up again after we come back.
Mr. DAVIS. I have never seen it otherwise
when a bill was postponed to another day, than
that the debate was renewed, and with lengthened
proportions. I think if we are going to get through
with business, so as to adjourn on the day which
has been named, we must agree when we take up
a bill and have discussed it during the day, to re-
main in the evening and vote on it. 1 am, there-
fore, unwilling either to adjourn or to go into ex-
ecutive session now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume there can be a dis-
tinct understanding on the part of the Senate that
immediately at the close of the executive session
this bill shall be resumed.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no hopes of that.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I shall vote against an
executive session.
Mr. HUNTER.. If we go into executive ses-
sion, I shall give it up for the rest of the day.
Mr. SIMMONS, if the Senator from Virginia
is going to give up this bill if we go into execu-
tive session, I suggest whether it ought not to be
committed to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to make the amendments that
were suggested by the Senator from Vermont, and
then we should get the bill prepared and matured
before we took it up again.
_ Mr. HUNTER. 1 am not going to give up the
bill in that way.
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought you said you
would give it up if we went into executive ses-
sion.
