16
APPENDIX TO THE COls GJ-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
The Mediterranean squadron, under the com-
mand of Flag-officer E. A. F. Lavallette, has con-
sisted of the steam frigate Wabash, Captain S.
Barron, and the sloop-of-war Macedonian, Gap-
tain U. P. Levy. The Wabash has been ordered
home, and the new steam sloop Iroquois, Com-
mander J. S. Palmer, will soon be on her way to
replace her.
The Wabash visited Beirout,in Syria, Novem-
ber 2, 1858, for the purpose of investigating the
outrages committed at the house of Mr. Dickson,
near Jaffa, and the murder of Mr. Steinbeck. All
the persons implicated, except one, were arrested,
the finding in their cases made up and transmitted
to the supreme authorityatConstantinople, where
the prisoners have snicc been sentenced to impris-
onment and lmrd labor for life. The visit of the
Wabash had a salutary effect upon the lawless
tribes who inhabit the mountains of the interior.
The Wabash cruised along the coast of Syria,
torched at various ports, and received assurances
from the pachas of their great desire to protect
the rights and interests of American citizens m
Syria. She also visited Jaffa, and it was evident
that good results were produced. She also visited
Alexandria and Constantinople. When the war
broke out in Italy, it became necessary for the
Wabash and the Macedonian to remain on that
coast for the protection of American interests.
Although the squadron was small, the service
was most effectually performed. When the war
terminated, the Macedonian was sent to Smyrna
and the coast of Syria. The Wabash arrived at
Tunis October 8, having conveyed the American
con sal, Mr. Nicholson, from Marseilles to that
port, where Flag-officer Lavallette and the consul
were received by the Bey of Tunis with distin-
guished honors. The Wabash proceeded to Mes-
sina and Palermo,*to Naples, where she received
her orders to return to the United States.
The East India squadron has consisted of the
steam frigates Powhatan, Captain G. F< Pearson;
Minnesota, Captain S. F. Dnpont; Mississippi,
Captain W. C. Nicholson; and the sloop-of-war
Germantown, Commander R. L. Page, under
Flag-officer J. Tattnall. The new steam sloop
Hartford, Captain C. Lowndes, lias been ordered
to it, and having reached Mauritius as early as
September 90, has probably anived at the station
with Flag-officer C. K. Sfriblmg, who succeeds to
the command. The sloop-of-war John Adams,
Commander Murray Mason, and the new steamer
Saginaw, Commantler J. F. Schenck, have been
ordered to join it. The former is detained at Rio.
The Minnesota has returned to the United States,
and orders have been issued for the return of the
Mississippi, the Germantown, and the Powhatan.
The vessels of this squadron have, during the
past year, repeatedly visited the principal ports
of China and Japan. Their intercourse with the
authorities and inhabitants has been uniformly of
the most friendly character. There has boon no
instance of molestation to American citizens or
their property in China, and but a single one in
Japan.
In March, the Powhatan proceeded to Singapore
to meetMr. Ward, the newly-appointed Minister
to China. She awaited his arrival there, and on
the 3d of May proceeded with him to Hong Kong,
and thcnce to Shanghai, where she arrived May
28, and on the 17th of Juno was off the Yang-tse,
on her way to the Peiho. It became necessary
to charter a small light-draught steamer for the
purposes of the mission. It could be obtained at
not less than$9,000 per month, and for a term not
less than five months. It was accordingly char-
tered, and an estimate has been submitted for this
expenditure. The Powhatan arrived with Mr.
Ward off Peiho July 11. He proceeded to Pekin,
exchanged the ratifications of the treaty, and on
the 17th of August returned to the Powhatan.
Mr. Harris, consul-general of the United States
to Japan, having received an official application
from tlie Japanese Government for a conveyance
of their embassadors to the United States, the
steam frigate Mississippi was sent to Simoda, and
a passage m her to Panama way tendered for the
embassy; and official orders were given to Flag-
officer McCluney, of the Home squadron, to re-
ceive them as they crossed the Isthmus, at Pan-
ama, and convey them in a public vessel to the
port of New York. The Mississippi reached
Japan in February, having made till suitable ar-
rangements for the accommodation of the commis-
sioners, but they had determined to postpone their
departure until February, 1860. As the Missis-
sippi could not be detained, she was ordered to
the United States, and discretionary instructions
given to Flag-officer Tatnall, on being relieved by
his successor, to return home with the Powhatan
by way of Japan, and if the commissioners were
ready to embark, to give them a passage to Pan-
ama.
In the early part of August, while the Missis-
sippi was at Shanghai, u disturbance occurred
among the Chinese population at that place, grow-
ing out of the alleged kidnapping of coolies for a
French merchant vessel. The American consul
and merchants called on Captain Nicholson for
assistance, which was promptly and judiciously
afforded by him. He placed the Mississippi be-
fore the town, and landed a portion of her crew;
but quiet was soon restored, and no collision oc-
curred.
The Minnesota, returning to the United States,
left Hong Itong with Mr. Reed, late Minister to
China, on boartl, and conveyed him to Bombay,
where she arrived January 16. On her way sfio
h«'d visited Singapore and Pcnang, in the Straits
of Malacca, and "Point de Galle and Colombo, in
the Island of Ceylon, and received the marked
attention of the authorities at those places. At
Bombay she was visited by the Governor and by
the commander-in-chief of the army and navy of
Western India. February 20, she arrived at the
Cove of Muscat, and was immediately visited bv
the Sultan's chief secretary and interpreter, willi
offers of assistance. Captain Dupont, with a
largo suite of officers, waited on his highness,
made suitable reference to the death of the late
Imaum, his highness's father, and expressed the
hope and belief that the same friendly sentiments
and uniform protection of American commerce
would continue under his son and successor i and
as an evidence of the courteous and kind feelings
entertained for the present Imaum or Sultan, he
said the President of the United States had sent
the largest vessel-of-war that had yet been to the
eastern world to visit his dominions. The Sultan
was much gratified, and expressed his warm friend-
ship for the United States of America, and his
earnest desire not alone to protect our present
trade, bat to do all in his power to foster and in-
crease it. He asked Captain Dupont to accept a
present of an Arabian steed and a jeweled sword,
which was-declined. Captain Dupont sent him
a Sharp's rifle and a Colt s revolver and their ac-
couteiments. From Muscat the Minnesota pro-
ceeded to Cape Town, thence to Boston; where
she arrived May 29, 1859.
Flag-officer W. Inman has succeeded Flag-
officer Conover in command of the African squad-
ron. In the course of the year it has included
the sloops-of-war Cumberland, Commander J. s.
Missroon; Vmcenncs, Commander JJ. J. Totton;
Portsmouth, Commander J. Collioun; Dale, Com-
mander W. McBlair; Marion, Commander T.
W. Brent; Constellation, Captain J. s. Nicholas;
and the steamers San Jacinto, Captain W. M,
Armstrong; Sumter, Lieutenant Commanding J.
F. Armstrong; and Mystic, Lieutenant Com-
manding W. E, LoRoy; and the storeship Sup-
ply, Commander Henry Walke. The new steam
sloop-of-war Mohican, Commander s. W. Gor-
don, is under orders to join the squadron. The
Cumberland and the Dale have returned to the
United States, and orders have been issued for the
return of the Vmcennes.
The measures which have been adopted to ren-
der .the naval force on the coast of Africa efficient
for the suppression of the African slave trade have
been already alluded to in this report, and need
not here be repeated.
On the 21st of April last, Commander Brent, of
the sloop-of-war Marion, in the neighborhood
of the Congo river, seized the American bark
Orion as a vessel engaged in the slave trade. A
prize crew was put on board of her, and she was
placed under the charge of Lieutenant Dallas, as-
sisted by Lieutenant W. P. A. Campbell, and
sent to New York, where she arrived June 15,
and was delivered to the United States marshal.
Commander Brent, on the 27th of April, in the
neighborhood of the Congo, also seized the bark
Ardennes, of New York, as engaged in the slave
trade Lieutenant Weaver was put in charge of
her, with a prize crew, and took her to New York;
where, on the 25th of June, he delivered her into
the custody of the United States marshal.
On the 21st of September last Commander Col-
houn, of the Portsmouth, seized off Loango the
sloop Emily, of New York, for being engaged in
the slave trade. On being hailed she hoisted the
flag of the United States. Commander Colhoun,
satisfied from the nature of her cargo, the char-
acter of her papers, and the conduct of her cap-
tain and crew, that she was engaged in the slave
trade, placed her in charge of Lieutenant H. K.
Stevens and a prize crew, and sent her to New
York, where she arrived on the 11th of Novem-
ber.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The survey and explorations of the Parana and
the tributaries of the Paraguay river, authorized
by Congress, were almost suspended on account
of the difficulties between the United States and
the Government of Paraguay. But these difficulties
having been removed, and Commander T. J. Page
relieved of his duties as fleet captain in the Para-
guay expedition, he has resumed the immediate
charge of the survey.
On the 28th July, 1859, he had arrived at Cut-
aba, the capital of Matto Grossc, the northwest
province of the empire of Brazil, in latitude 150
35' south, and by the course of the rivers about
two thousand four hundred miles from the ocean.
As the Aigentina could not ascend the river Cuiaba
in consequence of the low water, she was dis-
patched to continue the exploration of the San
Lorenzo, while Commander Page, with the small
steamer Alpha, explored the Cuiaba. This river
empties into the San Lorenzo, which is a tributary
of the Paraguay. Ho intended immediately to
leave the Cuiaba, and to continue the exploration
of the Paraguay throughout its navigable extent.
He speaks with pleasure of the marked attention
received fiom the Government authorities since
entering the inhabited parts of the Brazilian ter-
ritory. Every facility to advance the exploration
had been kindly and courteously offered him, and
particularly by the President of the province, and
other high officers of the Brazilian Government.
The Fenimore Cooper, which was-sent out more
than a year ago under the command of Lieutenant
J. M. Brooke, "to survey and lay down with ac-
curacy the obstructions to navigation in the usual
routes between San Francisco and China, "reached
Honolulu November 15, 1858, after a cruise of
forty-three days. She visited the locality of nu-
merous reported dangers m the track to China,
and found no indications of land, rocks, or shoals.
She sounded, and brought up specimens from
depths of two and three miles. On the 29th of
December she sailed from Honolulu on a cruise
to the northwest of the Sandwich Islands, visited
Bird and Necker, and determined their posi-
tions. feiie then visited French Frigates shoals,
and discovering on thcseiuioccupied and unclaimed
shoals a deposit of guano of good quality, Lieu-
tenant Brooke, on June 14, 1859, took possession
of them in the name of the United States, in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the act of Con-
gress of August 18, 1856. The quantity of guano
is estimated at not less than 25,000 tons, speci-
mens of which were forwarded to the Department.
The Fenimore Cooper then passed over the
positions assigned other islands, the Two Broth-
ers' reef and another island, nameless on the chart,
and found no indication of their existence. Lieu-
tenant Brooke visited Gardner's Island, surveyed
Maro reef, went over the positions given to Neva
Island, but saw no sign of it; visited Laysan
Island, and then returned to Honolulu, where he
arrived February 7, 1859. On the 9th of March
he left Honolulu for Johnston or Cornwalhs
island; and made such surveys as would enable
vessels to approach it safely to ship guano, known
to exist there in large quantities. He then pro-
ceeded to the southward as far as the parallel of
15^ 40', on which are placed several reported dan-
gers, and examined closely that portion of the sea,
but could discover none. He then visited Gaspar
Rico or Smyth's Islands, and found them to be a
coral reef, elevated 011 the weather or eastern side,
in banks, apparently composed of coral sand,
covered with low trees and bushes, presenting at
