438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
I present these views as practical views. But
I repeat, that no American can command the uni-
ted vote of this side of the House—not that he
cannot get my vote, for I do not occupy the posi-
tion of some of our northern friends who must be
sustained by the action of their brethren here.
They represent a section of country where the
real fighting is to be done, where the great strug-
gle is to tal:e place, where the impending crisis of
the country is to be decided. We have no diffi-
culty in the South. We can work along together.
But in the North it is a desperate hand-to-hand
struggle; and it is our bounden duty, by every
obligation that I can recogmz4, to lend them all
the aid and strength and assistance in our power.
We cannot ask them to do what would be self-
immolation—not only self-immolation as to them,
but the destruction of the Democratic party at
home. I cannot ask it; X will not ask it; and no
gentleman should ask it. But there are various
gentlemen on the other side—if the. Americans
would join us—whom we can elect. We can elect
thegentlomanfrom Indiana, [Mr. JohnG. Davis,]
if the Americans would support him. He is an
Opposition man, God knows, to this Administra-
tion. I will nominate him, or will go for him.
Then, there is the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, who bears the honoivd name that I have
borne from the cradlc; and I would most cheer-
fully go for him—an old-line Whig. He never has
spoken on the issues that divide us here. He never
was an American; and I have 110 doubt that he is a
true-hearted, honorable gentleman. I repeat, that
it is unreasonable for our American friends to
expect us to go in solid col iron to their support,
to let them select a candidi te from among them-
selves; and he, too, a man who never gave us a
single vote. ,
Having said thus much, ( yield the floor to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Hattok.]
Mr. HATTON resumed the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to reply to the gentleman
from Virginia?
Mr. HATTON. The gentleman from Ohio
will pardon me, unless his lemarics are to be 111
the nature of a personal explanation.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virgniia. I hope the gen-
tleman from Tennessee wil. go on and finish his
remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. The -emarks of the gentle-
man [Mr. Smith] were ver; personal to me, and
I would like to reply to tliem; but still I have no
explanation to make.
Mr. HATTON. The gentleman from Ohio
will deride whether his reniaiks are to be of the
character of a personal expl illation. If so, I have
110 right to object. If not, 1 do protest.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am very frank to say that
1 have no explanation to n.ake, I desire to reply
to what fell from the lips of the gentleman from
Virginia, and which referred personally to my-
self.
Mr. HATTON. If you want to make a speech
i cannot give way.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to be heard on a
question of privilege. On the twentieth ballot for
.Speaker of this House I found it my duty as a
national, conservative mail, acting under the ad-
vice given by the Legislature of Virginia to her
Repri. sentatives, and under the advice of many
conservative Senators—seeing that eighty-nine
was not a majority of two hundred and thirty-
seven, and being anxious to organize the House
by electing a conservative gentleman—to cast my
vote for lion. Horace Mayvard. of Tennessee.
I had known i\lr. Mavxaid for two years. I
had served with him on the Committee of Claims.
I knew him to be a gentleman of enlarged views,
kind heait,and great fit illness of puipose. 1 be-
lieve him to be eminently qualified to discharge
the1 d title's of Speaker. Seeing that lie had never
entered into the organization of the Know Nothing
party, nor taken their unholy oaths, I felt that 1
could properly vote for him and prove to the people
of my district, to whom 1 owe so much, and to the
country, that I was willing to surrender partisan-
ship for the promotion of the best interests of the
country. I had in connection with me on that
ballot three gentlemen of the Democratic party,
each of them, I believe, as conservative as any
man in the House. They were Messrs. English,
Florence, and Underwood On the next ballot,
the twenty-first, I again voted for Mr. iYlayn'ard.
On that occasion I stood alone. Mr. Maynard had j
told me that morning that the American party |
would not support him. I desire to remark here j
that it was understood by my friends on this side |
of the House—I mean the conservative Democratic
party—that in the event the American party went
in a body for Mr. M(\ynard, they would do the
same thing; that I was to lead off and vote for
Mr. Maynard, and show that they were ready
and willing to elect him. But Mr. Maynard in-
formed me that the southern Opposition party
would not vote for him. When he was after-
wards nominated by Mr. Brabson, I went back
to Mr. Bocock; but on that occasion Mr. May-
nard got forty-three Democratic votes. Their
names are:
Messrs. Thomas "L. Anderson, Aslimore, Avery, Barrett,
Bocock, Bonham, Bojcc, Branch, Burnett, Clemens, Cobb,
Burton Craige, Ciawtord, Do Jarnettc, English, Florence,
Garnett, Gartrcll, Hamilton, John T Harris, Jackson, Jones,
Keitt, Lamar, Leake, Elbcu S. Martin, Miles, Millson, S>d-
enham Moore, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Reagan, Rust,
Scott, Sickles, Simms, William Smith, Taylor, Win&lovv,
Woodson, and Wright.
My object was not to involve the gentleman
from South Carolina in any way m this matter.
I would receive help from him, however, as soon
as from any other man if I needed it, but I do
not require it on this occasion.
I send this paper to the Clerk's desk, and ask
that the paragraph which I have indicated may
be read. The paper is the New Orleans Courier,
a highly respectable Democratic paper in the city
of New Orleans.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Was it a Freak ok Not?—The telegraph brought
news on Saturday night, thatGencial T. Green Davidson, j
the Representative from the thiid distiict of this State, had i
abandoned the Democrats on the last ballot for Speaker,
and given his vote for Mi. Maynard, of Tennessee. This
couise on the part of General Davidson had, it is stated,
produced no little suiprise and speculation at Washington,
it has certainly caused great surprise and astonishment
here.
•"We Uust thatGcneial Davidson will be prepared to
offer some semblance of explanation, at least, lo his Dem-
ocratic constituency, for this vote, in favor of one of the
bitterest and most unrelenting foe* of the Democratic party,
and particulaily of the present national Administration,
who ever held a peat m Congress fiom the South; and who,
from the beginning of its piesent session, has been giving
aid and comfoit to the enemies- of the South, and strength-
ening the hopes and views of the Abolitionist-* and Black
Republicans by refusing to unite with the Democrats, and
like his southern Opposition associates, has been contin-
ually throwing away hi?" vote upon some member of that
pitilul minority. It this vote was deliberatelvgiven, it was
a betiayal ot General Davidson's constituents, for which
no satisfactory excu^ can be imagined. If it wa-> merely
cast in the indulgence of a wlum, or a- a joke, the people
of his district will he apt to let turn know that the present
i^ no time for joking, on the part ot one who is charged
with watching over and protecting their deaiebt interests
m Congiess,''
Mr. DAVIDSON. The New Orleans Delta, in
referring!to this dispatch, suggested that I had
^ood and sufficient reasons,and they regretted that
the Courier should, upon no other information than
that of a report by telegraph, have made that de-
nunciation. In reply to this kind suggestion of
the Delta, the Courier published this article:
" Give the Proof s.—Tn its evening issue of yesterday,
the Delta, commenting on our remarks censuring General
Davidson for having voti'd for Mi. Maynard, of Tennes-
see, for Speaker, say> • 'Maynard is the least objection-
able of his party. He voted with the Democracy all thiough
the Lccompton controversy, and his party have generally
regarded him as a " lost sheep,'' who was doing his best to
creep into the Demoeiatic iold.'
Mr. Mvynard voted, n N tme, with the Demo'-ratsou
the Lceompton question, a* did lm colleagues, Me^rs.
ZollicoiFer and Heady, lie would not have daied to vote
otherwise. But that he evei 'Winced the lea^t desire to
leave the tanks of the bitter foe- of the Dcmociacy, and eieep
or othei wi-e enter Us folds, or that he has been an object
of suspicion to the Opposition in Tennessee, we utteily
deny. lie was one of the nio-t deteirnmed and mdetatiga-
blc j-puakni«, m opposition to the Administration during the
canvass in Tennessee la-t summer, and succeeded m de-
feating as tiue and consistent a Demociat as was to be found
m that State. He i? devoted tho oughlv to tin; opposition
to the Democratic party, and follows laithluHy the lead of
John l>ell. We challenge the Delta to pioduce a solitaiy
Jact to sustain its assertions with regaid to the deposition
of Mr. Maynard to iotn the Democracy, which, it scorns
to us, is put foiwaid as a kind of justification for Gcneial
Davidson's vote."
Now, sir, 1 have had these papers m my pos-
session for some days, and while I believed they
evidence the determination of the people of Lou-
isiana to be watchful of the actions of the Rep-
resentatives of that State in the Congress of the
United States—which I do not object to; yet, as
tho gentlemen who edit that paper do not reside in
my district, I did not consider it due to myself to
consume the time of the House in making this
personal explanation. But, sir, on the 1st day
of January, my paper, the Democratic Advocate,
published at the capital of my State, which is in
my district, published the article from the Courier,
and called for an explanation. Recognizing the
right of my constituents to demand an explanation
of me, I cheerfully give it. That paper says, in
commenting upon the article to which I have re-
ferred in the Courier:
" We shall not join in this condemnation of our Repre-
sentative until he shall have time to explain his vote to
his constituents!. There might have been political rea-
sons fortius vote which were understood at Washington,
and which, if known here, would exonerate Colonel Da-
vidson from blame, if not justify his conduct. We trust
that he will forthwith respond to the request we here make
for an explanation. The columns of the Advocate are al-
ways open to anything he may wish to communicate to the
people of the third district."
I now ask that the resolutions of the Virginia
Legislature may be read.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
"Resolved, That we wish to assure the Representatives
of this State in Congress, in the difficult circumstances in
which they are placed, of the warm sympathy of this Gen-
I eral Assembly in the struggle in which they are engaged,
and of our cordial support of every pioper measure they
may adopt to protect the ju^t rights of this State, and of the
South, the integrity of the Union, and the authority of the
Constitution.
"Resolved, That we recommend, in view of the public
danger, the union of all the elements of opposition to Black
Republicanism, and its candidate for Speaker, on any teims
consistent with fairness and honor, whensoever, by such
union, its defeat can be accomplished, and the organization
ot the House effected. „
"Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward
to oui Representatives in Congress a copy of these resolu-
tions."
Mr. DAVIDSON. Now, Mr. Clerk, I was well
aware, from the voice of the Representatives of
Virginia upon this floor, that the Legislature of
that State would express their opinions in the
shape of these resolutions. But, sir, as the Courier
is the peculiar organ of the senior Senator in the
Congress of the United States, I think his expla-
nation ought to be sufficient to the Courier for my
vote. 1 therefore offer the following, showing
the opinion of our distinguished Senator, with
that of Senator Gwin, which I hope may be sat-
isfactory.
The Clerk read, as follows:
United States House of Representatives,
January 10, I860.
Gentlemen : Please say, did you not advise mo and other
gentlemen of the Democratic party of this House to vote
for, and aid in, the election of Mr. Boteler, of Virginia,
Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee, or any national man of the
southern Opposition, to the Speaker's chair of this House,
to preventive election of John Sherman? An immediate
answer is solicited.
Respectfully, TIIO GREEN DAVIDSON.
Senatois Slidkll and Gwin,
United States Senate Chamber.
We did give such advice.
JOHN SLTDELL,
WILLIAM M. GWIN.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I also send a letter, re-
ceived by me from Senator Chesnut, to the
Clerk's 'desk.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Senate Chamber, Januaiy 15, 1860.
Dear Sir: In response to your mquny, I say that, at
one stage of the contest for Speaker, I did advise those ot
my friends who consulted me to vote for Mi. Boteler, of
Virginia, or Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee, or for any good
sound man, on the chief issue now before the country,
rather than sutFer the election of the Black Republican
II nominee.
:j Veiy icspeetfully, See., JAMES CHESNUT.
I^Hon. Mr. Davidson.
;i Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Clerk, I desire to say
| that, having- seen the article in the Courier to
'! which 1 have referred, Mr. Bocock, the honor-
■ able gentleman who was the candidate of the Dem-
;j ocratic party, has tendered tome a letter which I
; now ask the Clerk to read.
i The Cleik read, as follows:
I Washington, D. C , January 11, I860
My Dear Sir : I havcseenanextractfromthe'-Couiier,"
! of New Orleans, criticising severely your vote tor Mr Mvy-
nard, of Tennessee, as Speaker of the House, and cx-
j pressing the apprehension that, in giving it,\ou had pioved
: unfaithful to the Democratic party. I consider itmy duty,
■ under the circumstances, to say that, in my judgment, the
.' " Courier'" does you great injustice, no doubt unintention-
!' allv.
II You were one of those who favored a regular Democratic
] i ticket for the orsanization of the House ; and while I wan
! I before it, as the Democratic nominee for Speaker, you vveie
I! always true, loyal, and zealous m my support.
H When other members of the Democratic party began to
>1 suggest tho propriety of my withdrawal, you opposed it
' most warmly ; and, though you yielded at last to my urgent
