1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2403
Mr. HUNTER. I said I would give up the
hope of its further consideration to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Wei], I give
way with the understanding that wo shall go into
executive session before we adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. There can be no such under-
standing.
Mr. GREEN. I renew the motion, because it
is exceedingly important to have an executive
session; and it will not take five minutes for any
question wc bring up. I want it done, because I
know when Senators get weary, they will ad-
journ. I can state this much—there is no impro-
priety in doing so—the census must be taken from
the 1st day of June; this is the 28th day of May.
I want a marshal in a certain Territory—1 will
not name it now in open Senate, though there is
no impropriety in it. It will not take four min-
utes. I renew the motion for an executive ses-
sion.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 15.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to say that
I have before me the evidence to make good my
statement 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BiGLEiiin
the chair.) The Senate has decided to go into
executive session.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
503) making further appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for tiie fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 18G0.
Mr. CHANDLER. A reference to Senate
document No. 205—the evidence taken before the
select committee of which the Senator from New
York [Mr. King] was chairman—explains this
whole transaction of winch I spoke; and I call
the attention of the Senator from Indiana, and of
the Senator from Maryland likewise, to a poition
of that evidence contained on page 256 of that
document.
Mr. HAMMOND. If the Senator will allow
me a moment—as he seems to be disposed to make
a speech, and we have been already six hours in
session—I will move an adjournment.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 give way for that mo-
tion.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senate will vote
it down.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 16, noes 22.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Heart, the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing, swears as follows:
" Question. You have presented, at the request of the
committee, an oider fiom the Department; how do you
compute the compositions to the Printer upon that order?
Witness. For the Post Office blanks?
"Mr. King. Yes, sir.
"•Answer. At one dollar per thousand sheets and one
composition, or the price of composition for one sheet on
every order.
" Question. How many orders were received from the
Post Office Department by the Superintendent's office on
the day the one was received that you have piesented ?
"•Answer. Six, I think.
" Question. Could the printing have been executed if all
this puntin<j contained m the six orders had been included
in one order ?
"•Answer* Yes, sir.
" Question. Just as well ?
" Jinsu'cr. Much more economically to the Government,
but not so profitably to the Printer.
"Question. Can )ou conveniently state the difference
between theprie.es for the«e six orders, computing them as
separate orders, and computing them also as one order?
" •dnsu-er. I would sooner.send lor the account, bat i will
say that there would be sixty-five dollars saved on the six
orders if they had all been in one; ttiat is, there would
have been the allowance for five compositions saved."
There would have been sixty-five dollars saved
in these orders if they had all been included m
one; that is, there would have been no allowance
for five compositions.
" Question. Can you very readily compute and htate how
much wa5 paid for the six niders, and how much would
have been the price if all had been in one order?
"•Snsu-er. Without any allowance tor composition, these
six order* would have cost §13 13; it they had all been
comprised in one oider they would have cost $26 15; their
actual cost was $91 15."
Now, sir, 1 ask if it can be possible that the
>' head of the Post Office DcpaiUnent was not aware
|; of this gross abuse ? He gives the orders himself.
!j Here were six orders given,all in oncday, when
; they might just as well, as the present Supcr-
! intendentoftlie Public Printing swears, have been
j included in one order, which would have cost
j $26 15; whereas, by giving these separate orders,
j they amounted to $91 15. I ask any Senator who
will stand up and justify the Postmaster General
for this abuse, if it can be possible that he was
ignorant of it? Was there any law compelling
him to give six orders in one day when he might
just as well have given one? And this went on
for years and years; and this public plunder, for
I will call it nothing else—I will not abate one
iota of what I have said—this public plunder was
used to bolster up a corrupt party press. Am I
wrong in charging this as robbery—a robbery on
the Treasury ? Sir, had my agent committed the
same transaction I should have had him arrested
in ten minutes after lie was discovered; and there
is no jury on the face of the earth but would have
sent him to the State prison for it.
But again, the Senator from Maryland says that
the actual amount of saving is not ninety-three
per cent. Here is the testimony of Mr. Crowell
upon that point:
al have offered to do the work at ninety-three pcrccnt.
deduction lrom the prices paid for the printing lor the
Executive Ucpaitments.
" Question. Tiow much of the eo&t depended upon the
number of the orders?
"•Answer, if one order was compressed into two, nearly
one half would be saved, and m the same piopoition through-
out. Several orders weie lb^u^d each day by the Depait-
ment. The) might have been ictained and i-sued m
weekly outers without serious ineonvenif nco. They could
not have been retained for inoie than a week without d<'-
tnment to the seivice. If weeklj oideis had been is^ikmI
during a year? instead ot the mode adopted, a saving would
have been ejected to the amount ot fcll,0(X)."
I call the attention of the Senator from Indiana
to the exact words:
" I have offered to do the work at nineiy-thioo per cent,
dedueiion hum the prices paid for the printing lor the
Executive Departments."
But he did not get it; he was underbid; some-
body else offered to do it for ninety-three and
three fourths discount, beating a man who of-
fered to do it for ninety-three cents; and he lost
the job.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator stands convicted
now, by his own reading, of what 1 just now
charged, him with—profound ignorance of all the
matterof which he was speaking. The testimony
of Mr. Crowell corroborates wiiat I said. Mr.
Crowell bid ninety-three per cent, deduction upon
the price of what? Not the Post Office blanks,
but the executive printing, and that is 50 a
sheet, while Post Office blanks are one dollar; and
therefore, it is only ninety-three cents deduction
off £2 50.
Mr. CHANDLEPt. I ask the Senator how can
he tell what the deduction would be when it was
optional for the Postmaster General to issue an
order for every hundred sheets or for every one
hundred thousand? He might swell up the cost
of the blanks indefinitely; and if you were to ap-
propriate $10,000,000 to printing the Post Office
blanks, under the action of the Postmaster Gen-
eral you could use up every dollar of it.
Mr. FITCH. If that Xantippc in pants [Mr.
Chandler} is done, I have some further remarks
to make m connection with his display of igno-
rance. The orders of the Postmaster General for
blanks, if they were construed to be all separate
orders, would swell up the profit on the Post Of-
fice blanks to a fabulous amount; but on the same
day the Postmaster General will issue what the
contractor would be very glad doubtless to con-
strue into perhaps one hundred orders, but what
the Department never pays for, except as one
order. He orders the contractor to print blanks,
perhaps for every post office between Albanyand
Buffalo. The contractors would find it for their
proiit to make every one of these offices a sepa-
rate order; but the Department has invariably
ruled that they were one only, and they have been
paid for only as one order, although they were
for different offices, perhaps throughout different
sections of the country. They never have been
recognized as distinctordevs. Neither the present
Postmaster General nor any of his predecessors
has ever recognized them as distinct orders.
There have been conflicts of opinion between the
Postmasters General and the contractors on that
subject, and the former have uniformly- adhered
to the rule to pay for them as one order. The
emergencies of the service may sometimes have
rendered it necessary for them to issue what they
would themselves recognize as distinct orders
within a short time, perhaps more than one on the
same day; but such cases must have been very
rare.
The printing; of the blanks is not at "the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General. He does not
know when blanks are wanted in different remote
sections of the Union. The postmaster or the
mail agent at New Orleans may to-day notify
him that, on a certain day, in advancc, there must
be Post Office blanks at that city. If the time is
short, he immediately orders them to be printed
and sent. Perhaps, within a few hours, another
notice arrives from Detroit or Buffalo, that blanks
are wanted there, and another order is issued for
them. But whenever he hius due notice that these
blanks are wanted in one, two, three, four, or fifty
post offices, within a reasonable approximation to
the same period, he embraces them all in one
order, and they arc all paid for as one order. I
presume such wan the course of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] while he was at the
head of the Department, although then the law
was materially different from whatitis now, and,
if I mistake not, the price greatly above the price
provided in the law of 1852. Under the latter
law, the printer was selected by the Executive,
and the blanks paid for by the sheet. The lan-
guage of the law is, that there shall he paid " for
printing post bills at the rate of one dollar per
thousand shoots," (fee.; " but nothing shall be al-
lowed for altering post bills when the alteiation
consists in the mere change of a postmaster's
name;" and that phraseology was for the very
purpose of preventing the contractors from de-
manding pay on post bills for every separate post
office, by construing them into separate orders
where the change consisted only in the name of
the postmasters, and, therefore, fifty, or one hun-
dred, or live hundred, could be embraced in the
same order. The intention of the Senate, and the
intention of the Senator who introduced the pres-
entlaw, was, that the PostOffice blanks should be
printed at a certain deduction upon the price pro-
vided for in the law of 1852; but most unfortu-
nately the phraseology of the latfr is such that this
is not the case, or at least the true signification of
the law remains to be adjudicated, and I fear it
will be decided not to be the case. By the phrase-
ology of the law, it will be found tnat the Post
Office blanks are directed to be given to the bidder
who proposes to do them for the largest reduction
upon the price of printing for the Lxecutive De-
partments, and that is what Mr. Crowell testified
was the character of his bid. He bid ninety-throe
per cent, deduction upon the price paid for the
executive printing—that was the law—not upon
the price then paid for the Post Office blanks; and,
therefore, it is not ninety-three per cent, deducted
from a dollar, but ninety-three per cent, deducted
from $2 50. That is precisely the effectofit. This
effect I sought, as did the Senator from New
Yoi^c [Mr. King] and the Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Slidell,] to correct, and the Senate
seconded the effort at correction; but its resolu-
tion did not pass the House, and the effort was
therefore vain.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask if this debate is
m order on the amendment which is pending? It
will be when we come to that amendment; but at
present we are engaged in a motion to strikeout.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair is of opinion that it is not. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, which is an amendment to the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
pardon me while I read the evidence. I simply
want to be right. The Senator evidently was not
paying attention when I was reading this evidence.
Crowell swears:
"1 have offered to do the work ut ninety-three per cent,
deduction/'
It is not ninety-three cents on $2 50. He
swears:
" I have offered to do the work at ninety-three per cent,
deduction."
Mr. FITCH. Upon what?
Mr. CHANDLER. On the prices paid for the
printing of the Exoo.utivc Departments.
