1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
representations in this regard, you did so protesting that the
withdrawal was contrary to your wishes, and against the
dictates of your best judgment,
When you voted for Mr. Maynard there was no regular
Democratic candidate in the field, and many of our friend#
believed that acts of conccssion and good will towards the
southern Opposition were in accordance with the sugges-
tions of bound policy, and demanded by the exigencies of
the occasion.
Mr. Maynard was represented by a colleague as one
who had never been connected with the American order;
and he had certainly displayed, by his course in Congress,
a fair share both of liberal sentiments and independent ac-
tion. Before your vote was cast for him, he had already
voted <or one or more members of the Democratic paity.
Very truly, your friend, TH. S. BOCOOK.
Hon. T. Green Davidson.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Clerk, I have to gay
that, on the 21st of December, Mr. Maynard
voted for John S. Millson, a Democrat; on the
22d, he voted for Thomas L. Anderson; on the
23d, he voted for Charles L. $cott; and on the
7th of January, he voted for A. J. Hamilton—
four Democrats, f might here rest the matter;
but as I am satisfied there is a manifest disposi-
tion upon the part of the party who dictated the
article m the Courier to do me injustice, I can-
not tako my seat without saying that, until yes-
terday, I was at a loss how to understand this
unjust attack, for, from my knowledge and inti-
macy with Mr. LesareandMr. Heriart, the owners
and conductors of the Courier, I did not believe,
nor do I now believe, they would make this charge
against me, of the betrayal of my constituents
upon the unreliable evidence of a telegraphic dis-
patch; but, sir, I now believe I can account for
it. I have one letter now in my hand, dated at
Greensburg; one from Amite City, and one from
Tangapaho, in the parish of St. Helena; one
from Ponchatoula, in Livingston parish, in my
district, and one from New Orleans, informing
mc that Mr. Hatch, the collector of the port of [
New Orleans, is declaring publicly that, whilst he j
is at work for the old-line and sterling Democracy, I i
am betraying it by voting for Maykard,£1 Know |
Nothing, from Tennessee. You have only to look j
to the facts to prove that, on the part of the gen-
tleman alluded, no other motive than that of per-
sonal malignity induced this attack; for I say
here, in my place, in the hearing of every Dem-
ocrat on the floor, that I was fully authorized by
them to make the vote for Maynard, either to
elect him, or to show to the southern Opposition
wc were prepared to act as national Union-loving
conservative men; either willing to go to them or
allow them to come to us. If I was not, I hope
right hero to bo corrected.
Well, sir, forty-three of the best and truest men
of the Democratic party, and among them my
colleague, [Mr. Taylor,] made the same record,
and yet I am the only one who gave this vote who
has been selected to be denounced. How is this'1
"What is it for? It can be accounted form no other
manner than thatof malignity to me. The man he
could not have beaten with all his efforts, to be
denounced for a betrayal of my constituents, a
betrayal of the old-line an4 sterling Democracy!
Sir, if the collector of the port will attend to his
duties, I will to mine. If he does not manage the
affairs of Government better than he does his po-
litical affairs, he will not last lone; for, whilst he j
is denouncing me for a betrayal of the Democratic !
party, does he know what the people think of his I
faithfulness to that time-honored party, after his j
prominence in aiding in the inaugurating the i
thug ticket, with the notorious Ben Harrison at :
the head of it—that man who thugged Chief Jus- I
nee Slidrll at the ballot-box?
I ask him if he thinks the people will believe
he was more anxious to preserve the old-line and
sterling Democracy in that, than I was when I
voted, under the circumstances, for Maynard, of
Tennessee. If he had been more anxious for the
success of that sterling Democratic party he would
not have been found among those who inaugurated
that thug tickct there by surrendering the organi-
zation in New Orleans, nor would he have been
found using, as he did, all the power his position
gave him, at the last State convention, to place
on the State ticket for treasurer, which he suc-
ceeded in doing, one who bolted the senatorial
caucus when he could not get the person h e wish ed,
thereby defeating a true Democrat, who was car-
ried in the Legislative Hall, on a blanket, to save
this old-line sterling Democracy from being beaten
by this bolter and his friends, as he was too ill to
walk there, which was the work, in a great meas-
ure, of this man, and gave pretext to the bold and
ambitious men in our State to disregard nomina-
tions; for they openly charged that traitors to the
organization were preferred, thus getting many
of our best men defeated; and this is the man who
is denouncingme. Oh, shame, where is thy blush ?
I presume, sir, that he is working as hard for
the Democracy now as then. I hope that the gen-
tleman has been convictcd; 1 hope lie is converted.
I trust, sir, that he has seen the error of his ways,
and that for the future he will stand by the organ-
ization. If he does, it is more than he has done,
unless he saw self at the end of that line.
Mr. Clerk, having said this much for myself,
I desire to make one other remark. 1 see in the
Courier that Mr. St. Paul has undertaken to de-
nounce my colleague, Mr. Bouligny, as having
given aid and comfort to the enemy. I wish to
say, and I think my word will be taken by all
conservative men at home, that Mr. St. Paul is
mistaken; Mr. Bouligny has said or done noth-
ing of the kind. Mr. Bouligny, sir, has been
as zealous, true, and faithful to the interests of
the South as any one of us here. He has been
anxious to aid in the organization of this House,
by the election of a sound conservative man. He
has never aided, and I will undertake to say that
he will never undertake to favor the passage of
the plurality rule. I have deemed it to be my
duty to do my colleague this justice.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Tennessee yield to me?
Mr. HATTON. I yield for a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
personal matter. It is well known that I de-
parted from the general rule of obeying party de-
crees, and voted for an honorable gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] This may re-
quire some explanation, as I see from the; paper
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The CLERK. The paper is printed in Ger-
man, and the Clerk cannot read it. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
postpone my remarks until the Clerk can read it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. Mr. Clerk, in reference to
what my colleague has said about the charge
brought against me by a man of the name of
Henry St. Paul, of New Orleans, I will remark
that, m a day or two, I will be ready to defend
myself from the charge made against me by that
said individual, I hope to the satisfaction of the
House and of my constituency.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk, I do not suppose
that this House, or the country, will be particu-
larly interested in my position; but my colleague
referred to me as being in the same category with
himself, so far as related to the vote which was
siven not many days since for Mr. Maynard, of
Tennessee, for the Speakership of this House: and
in consequence of this, I only wish to say this: I
have no desire to explain my vote. I do not wish
to sustain myself by the opinions of my Demo-
cratic friends, or by the arguments made by any
one m my justification. 1 stand here as one of the
Representatives of the American people, having,
in common with all of my fcllow-eitizcns, an in-
terest m the organization of this House. I say
that, owing to the existence of several parties in
the House, and the peculiar division of the mem-
bers among them, it has been, up to this tune,
impossible for any one of those parties to organ-
ize it by the election of any one who represented
their particular principles. Under these circum-
stances, I, as one looking forward to the public
interest, one who is desirous that this House should
be organized with a view to the transaction of the
public business, I say I have not heretofore hesi-
tated, and I shall not hereafter hesitate, to act in
accordance with the dictates of my own judg-
ment, and to cast my vote m favor of any indi-
vidual with respect to whom there is a reasonable
prospect of being able to secure his election, who
stands opposed to the Republican organization,
and to those principles which, if carried out, would
be destructive not only of the best interests of the
nation, but perhaps of the Union itself. I there-
fore now say that at any time when by my vote
1 can secure the election of any individual who
stands in opposition to that organization, who is
a fair man, who is an honorable and high-minded
man, I shall always, without hesitation, give my
vote without regard to what may be the action of
those with whom I habitually act in this House,
and with whom I shall always continue to act
upon all the political questions which may at any
time be brought before us.
Mr. CONKLING. With the consent of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I will make a brief
personal explanation. My attention has been
called to a dispatch, emanating, I suppose, from
the reporters' gallery of this House, which has
been sent to a newspaper published in the city of
New York, in which my name and the namp of
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mi'.Barksdale]
are brought into juxtaposition. I ask the ClerK
to read the words I have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" notes between membfrs.
c< Cards between Conkling and Barksdale.
" Mr. Conkling, of New York, has also passed a note to
Mr. Barksdalk, of Mississippi."
Mr. CONKLING. That is enough ; and all I
desire to say is, that the statement is entirely with-
out foundation, as I never had the pleasure of
holding with the gentleman from Mississippi the
correspondence there referred to, or any corre-
spondence whatever.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire simply to cor-
roborate the statement made by the gentleman
from New York; and to say that there is not the
slightest foundation for the dispatch contained in
that paper, and tliat I have never received a mes-
sage from that gentleman of any character, much
less a hostile one.
Mr. KEITT. I did not intend to allude to this
matter when it was brought to my attention this
morning. It has never been my custom to cor-
rcct newspaper errors, or to notice any news-
paper representations or misrepresentations what-
ever; but after the member from New York [Mr.
Conklinc] has disclaimed, my silence might be
construed into an affirmation of the facts stated in
that same dispatch. With the excitement yester-
day, I have only to say, that I had nothing to do,
and there is no foundation whatever, so far as I
am concerned, for that dispatch, as to my sending
a message or a note to the member from New
York.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Inasmuch as this
subject has been introduced, I bog leave to say
that I was the "second"of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conkling] in passinga little court
plaster, in an envelope, from him to the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Barksdale.] I believe
that was all that" passed " between them and gave
rise to the report just referred to. [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to say a word.
I was pre sent when Mr. Bococe was nominated,
and voted for him in the caucus. I voted for him
as long as I thought there was any prospect of
his election. I then, in company with four other
Democrats, ca.st my vote for Mr. Horace May-
nard, of Tennessee. I did so for the purpose of
making an honest effort to organize this House.
"Wo had balloted here for a long time. We were
assured that Mr. Maynard did not belong to the
American order; that he was an okl-line Whig;
and being perfectly willing to organize this House
with any national man in the chair as Speaker, 1
with three other Democrats led off and voted for
Mr. Maynard. I am responsible for that vote
to my constituents. I do not intend to shrink
from that responsibility; and while I have the op-
portunity, I desire to say that I am willing- to bear
a full share of the responsibility which*falls upon
me, as one of the Democratic members of this
House, for the disorganization which exists here.
Any three of us nnght elect a Speaker at any
time, by going over and voting for Mr. Sherman,
but 1 will never do it; and 1 would rather this
House should remain disorganized forever, than
east that vote. I have been willing from the com-
mencement of this session to vote for any national,
conservative man.
Mr. HATTON. I hope the gentleman will not
consume too much of my time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. One word more. I want
to say that I voted for Mr. McClernand a long
time, that 1 voted for Mr. Vallandiujiam, and 1
am now willing to vote for any man who is a na-
tional man of any party to organize this House.
I do not shrink from tiie vote I gave Mr. Mat-
nard; and 1 am prepared now, and have been for
four weeks, to cast my vote for any man of the
American party who is u national man, or any
