1859.]
APPENDIX "TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ft
36th Cong.... 1st
lieport of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
miles, and by steamboat and coach is diminished
6,242 miles: the annual transportation is dimin-
ished 943,574 miles, and the cost $2,942, divided
as follows:
Miles in Jlivtmal /y .
length, transportation.
Railroad. ,, 101 inc. 238,796 dec. $10,306 inc.
Steamboats 2,006 dec. 388,64*2 dec. 17,318 dec.
Coach,.,,, 3,338 dec. 1,104,373dec. 88,516 dec.
Inferior modes.. 783 inc. 788,237 inc. 83,716 inc.
On the 30th of June last there were in the ser-
vice—
475 route agents, at a compensation of.  $368,657
31 express agents, at a compensation of.  30,70U
42 local agents, at a compensation of  29,808
1,549 mail messengers, at a compensation of.... -196,999
626,174
This amount added to the cost of service as in
operation on 30th June   9,468,757
Makes the total 011 the 30th Juiie last  10,094,831
The reductions in the co->t of the service from the
30th of June to the 30th September, were.... 657,531
Making the total amount on 30th September... $9,437,410
NUMBER OF POST Ol l'ICES.
Whole number of post orlices in the United States on the
30th Jn.ic, 185* '27,977
Number that vveie established during the yeat
ending June 30,1850 1,45.)
Number that were discontinued  893
Net increase of offices during the year  562
Whole number of pott offices on the 30th J une, 1859, 28,539
Number of offices of which the names and sites
were changed, 432; number of which the appoint-
ments were made by the President, 417; number
of postmasters appointed during the year ending
June 30, 18ol3, 7,548. Of these, 4,639 were to fill
vacancies occasioned by resignation, 867 by re- i
movals, 295 by deaths, 292 by change of names ,
and sites, and 1,455 by the establishment of new
offices.
DISTRIBUTION OFFICES.
The subject of the " distribution" of letters
having engaged the attention of the Department,
an order was made on the 30th of April last, dis-
continuing thirteen of the fifty distributing offices
then existing, and substituting therefor the prac-
tice of direct mailing. The high commissions
allowed for the process of distribution have proved
not only a heavy burden upon the revenues of
the Department, but also a strong incentive to
abuse. But while the order mentioned was im-
portant as a measure of economy, and as a means
of preventing frauds, it was vet more desirable
for the acceleration of the mails. Offices of this
description were formerly a very valuable, and,
in fact, indispensable element in the postal system
of the country, owing to its vast extent, and the
rapidity with which population spread into new
districts, causing cities, towns, and villages to
struggle for existence with the forest and prairie,
and rendering it impossible to keep pace with the
names and locations of the numberless new offices
demanded by the habits of a people accustomed
to the constant interchange of thought and intel-
ligence. Some offices, therefore, had to be des-
ignated as the receptacles of correspondence from j
a section of contiguous country, and forremailing 1
and sending it in packages to others of similar
functions, more or less distant, thence to be dis-
tributed to its destination. In this manner these
offices, situated in the east and west, the north
and south, mutually acted upon each other, and
peiformed useful service. This was when the
mails were carried in stages and other vehicles,
and when pauses were necessarily made for the
refreshment of passengers and the change of an-
imals, allowing, at the same time, of "distribu-
tion" at the post office. But as the country has
become populated, the itecessity for these guides
to distant points has measurably ceased; and, in
proportion as railways have become carriers of
mails, and have yielded to the public demand for
ceaseless motion, has it become impossible for the
proccss of distribution to be maintained, without
subjecting the correspondence of the country,
charged with its commercial and political intelli-
gence, and its social sympathies, to frequent and
unwarrantable delays.
The expense attending the distribution ofletters,
even when honestly performed, and the legitimate
and proper commission only charged, abstracts
no inconsiderable sum from the postal revenues,
and this is much swollen by the second and third
process of the kind to which they are exposed,
often by necessity, sometimes by accident and
ignorance, and more frequently, it is feared, by
design. But, as already intimated, this is not
the only, or by any means the most serious evil
which is sought to be remedied. The primary
object of the whole mail system is to insure speed
(with certainty and safety) in the transit of cor-
respondence; and to effect this^great end no un-
necessary obstacle should be permitted to txist.
Whether it is possible to dispense with the dis-
tributing system altogether, is,a problem yet to
be solved; it exists in no other country, and would
be unnecessary in this, but for our great extent of
territory and immense number of offices. It is
evident that the list of offices of distribution should
be reduced as much as possible from year to year,
and that they should be established or continued
only in populous citios and towns, where travel
concentrates, and where mails and passengers
have a temporary rest.
DEAD LETTERS.
The following resolution was adopted by the
United States Senate, March 9, 1859:
" Resolved, That the Postmaster General is hereby re-
quested to state, as near as possible, in the next annual
teportofthe sei vice of the post Office Depaitment, the num-
ber < f letteis consigned to the dead letter office during the
fiscal year, and what further legislation is neccssaiy to
diminish the number of such letteis, or to provide lor {heir
return to die writers thereof."
Accordingly, I have to report that the whole
number of dead letters during the last fiscal year
is < stimated at 2,500,000, including about 500,000
"drop letters" and 50,000 "held for pontage."
Deducting these two classes, the number of letters
actually conveyed 111 the mails, and failing to reach
the persons addressed, may be estimated at less
than two millions (2,000,000) a year.
More than fifty per cent, of the entire accumu-
lation of dead letters occurs at about 40 out of the
28,539 post offices, including, of course, the large
cities and towns.
As to "what further legislation is necessary to
diminish the number of such letters, or to provide
for their return to the writers thereof," I am not
as yet fully prepared to report; but investigations
have been set 011 foot and diligently prosecuted
during the past several months, whicn, it is hoped,
may enable me hereafter to offer some practical
suggestions.
Particular efforts have been made to ascertain
the true reasons why letters, especially those with
valuable inclosurcs, failed to reach their desti-
nation, and it is satisfactorily established, in the
large majority of cases, that the fault is with the
writers themselves, cither in misdirecting or illegi-
bly directing their communications. The migra-
tory habits of the people must also be considered
among the prominent causes of the accumulation
of dead letters, more particularly in the western
or newer portions of the country.
By way of illustration, it is stated as the result
of inquiries which have been made to a limited
extent, that more than sixty (60) per cent, of the
letters containing motet/ recently restored to the
owners, failed to reach their destination entirely
from being either misdirected, held for postage,
or addressed to transient persons.
And in reference to dead letters with valuable
inclosures other than money, the results have been
found still more glaring; over eighty (SO) percent,
having been either misdirected, held for postage,
or addressed to transient persons. These are the
proportions of cases explained. Further investi-
gations 011 this point arc in progress, the result of
which will hereafter be fully shown.
The attempt has also been made to sound pub-
lic sentiment on the subject of restoring to the
writers dead letters, which do not contain inclo-
sures of value, and, from information thus far
received, it would seem that, in about one third of
the cases, the writers are willing to pay for recov-
ering their letters. At the same time, the fact is
shown that, of this class ofletters, forty (40) per
cent, miscarry through fault of the writers.
The foregoing estimate of the whole number of
letters consigned to the dead letter office, is based
upon an actual enumeration for one quarter, ended
30th June last. A further enumeration is now in
progress, and additional information is. accumu-
lating, in answer to inquiries connected with the
.resolution of the Senate, so that I maypromisea
more detailed report after the expiration of the
current quarter.
From what is already known, it is assumed
that one million letters become "dead," from
causes entirely beyond the control of this Depart-
ment, or any legislation. As to the remainder,
something may probably be done, both by new
laws and regulations, to diminish the number, and
certainly something to provide for returning them
sooner, and in larger numbers than at present, to
the writers. *
So far as legislation is concerned, I beg leave to
withhold my suggestions for the present. New
instructions, to some extent, have already been
issued to postmasters, which are believed to have
a good effect.
^ Under former regulations, many letters, espe-
cially in cities, became "dead," in consequence
of being too soon withdrawn from the general de-
livery and so disposed of as not to be obtainable,
except when specially called for as "advertised
letters;" and all unclaimed letters were retained
in the post offices until the expiration of the quar-
ter succeeding that in which they were advertised.
According to recent instructions, (limited as yet
to the larger offices,) letters are to remain on hand
one week before being advertised; and those un-
claimed at the end of three months, after adver-
tising, to be returned to the dead letter office-
Tlms, offices advertising weekly, can never retain
letters more than three months and one week at
the furthest; and those advertising twice amofith,
three and a half months; while under the former
rule many letters became five and six months old
before being returned, and then it might possibly
sometimes be nearly nine months before, a valua-
ble letter, in the usual course of business, would
be restored to the owner through the dead letter
office. The retention of letters in post offices, even
for a period of three months, is unnecessary and
objectionable, in view ofthe importance of a speedy
return of such as arc valuable, and of the danger,
greater or less, to which they may be exposed;
and I shall therefore propose to Congress a mod-
ification of the law in this respect, *80 as to author-
ize the return of letters, under certain conditions,
at still shorter periods.
Suggestions will also be offered to provide for
returning to the writers letters not containing val-
uable inclosures.
Among other things which will require amend-
ment by regulation is the nomenclature of post
offices. The existence of large numbers of offices
of the same name, and the close similarity of
names, even in the same State, lead to many mis-
takes.
Effort will be made to guard against such diffi-
culties, and also against appropriating to new post
offices compound, or long ana difficult, names. „
The whole number of dead letters containing
money, registered and sent out during the year
ending June 30, 1859, was 9,726, of which 8,574
were delivered, leaving 1,152 unclaimed. The
whole amount of money received was $45,718 14;
amount restored to owners, $41,143 74.
The number of letters registered and sent out,
containing valuable inclosures other than money,
such as bills of exchange, drafts, bonds, Treasury
warrants, &c., was 8,647; of which 7,738 have
been restored to the owners, leaving unclaimed
909.
Theamountofthe inclosures was $2,502,99811;
the amount of the inclosures in sterling was
<£6,983 15s. 5i.; the amount of the inclosurcs in
francs was 104,421.
The number of dead letters returned (un-
opened) to foreign countries duiing the last fiscal
yeaj was 133,981, divided as follows, viz; Eng-
land, 60,310; France, 15,757; Prussia, 18,409;Bre-
mcn, 6,919; Hamburg, 1,401; Ganada, 27,537;
New Brunswick, 1,780; Nova Scotia, 1,868.
The coarse of business in the dead letter office
seems to have remained without material, if any,
change since the organization of the department
in 1836, being limited to the examination of let-
ters only so far as necessary in order to restore
to the owners those containing money or other
valuable inclosures; and from the amount of labor,
and the small number of clerks, it has been im-
