1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
league [Mr. Wright] has suggested other rea-
sons which occur to him why he ought not to
vote for Mr. Gh.mer.. Other reasons have been
assigned upon the floor, and I desire to make £§
hasty reference to some of them.
But first, a suggestion. It has been stated by
the friends of this Administration that they are
in a minority, and that it is impossible for the
Administration party to organize the House.
They have admitted that for an organization they
will have to look outside of the Administration
forces; that they cannot make fealty to the Ad-
ministration a test, because that would lead to
inevitable defeat. What do they do ? They admit
that an organization must be secured upon some
other basis, and propose to make the slavery issue
the great absorbing question of concern, and that
on that, a union must be made. Then, why do
gentlemen confine themselves to their own party ?
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.keitt,]
in an eloquent appeal which he made to men of all
parties opposed to the Republican party, said:
" We arc a great opposition party; there are one hundred
and twenty men upon this floor at war with the Republican
party, and m antagonism to that party we arc a unit."
If that be true, does it matter whether Mr.
Gilmer belongs to the ninety, or the six, or tile
twenty-four? Ho is one of the one hundred and
twenty. I submit it to gentlemen, that if there is
anything in their argument upon this slavery issue,
if that is to be made the vital question, why they
do not act consistently; why it is that whilst they
make in one moment such appeals to us, the very
next moment their action is in utter disregard of
their own teaching?
A reason has been assigned—especially by my
colleague, [Mr. Wright]—fornot voting for Mr.
Gilmer. " Mr. Gilmer had received three Repub-
lican votes"—ah! sir; yes, he has been voted
for by certain men of the North—" I must, there-
fore, be excused." He referred to a resolution
passed by the Legislature of our State, in which
he imagines ho finds a .sufficient justification for
his course. What is it ? I will read it:
" Rcolved, That it i« the duty of our Representatives in
Coogiess to recognize as enemies to the Union, and espe-
cially to the fclave States, all who in any way lavor or atiil-
iate with tins sectional Jtflaek Republican paity; and that
any action on theii pait which favois a co pciation with
the Black Republican-; in organizing the House, and thus
placing the offices and hnportant committees of that body
under their control, would be false to the .sentiments of the
people of Tenno^ee, aa insult to their constituents:, and
disgiaccful to themselves."
My colleague says that ho understands that our
General Assembly have said this to him: " If any
considerable portion of men from the North vote
even for Mr. Bocock, the candidate of your party,
it is your duty to abandon him." He would feel
he says compelled, in deference to these resolu-
tions, to withdraw his support from Mr. Bocock.
Mr. WRIGHT. I stated thatif any consider-
able number of the Black Republicans would vote
for Mr. Bocock, thereby indicating he was less
objectionable and more acceptable to them than
any other member of the Democratic party, or any
other party outside of them, 1 would not cooperate
with them in electing him Speaker; but I would
withdraw my vote for him and vote for some one
else.
Mr. HATTON. That is what I said was the
gentleman's position. What does this resolution
mean? That the Legislature of Tennessee is not
willing that the Representatives of that State in
this Hall shall cooperate with the Republican
party in producing a certain result. What is that
result? The placing of the offices and important
committees of this House under the control of
the Republican party. I ask my colleague if the
voting of twelve Republicans for Mr. Bocock,
electing him Speaker, would place the offices and
important committees of this body under the con-
trol of the Republican party?
I submit the question to my colleague. He, I
know, if he will respond at all, will say what the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] said,
what the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] said, what the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] said: that it would have no effect what-
ever upon Mr. Bocock. The Speakership would
not be under Republican control, nor would the
important committees. I understand the resolu-
tion very differently from my colleague. That I
am coriect and lie in error, 1 have the authority
of the Unionand American, the organ of his party,
at Nashville. In an article in reference to this very
resolution, it states its substance and purport to
be " the duty of our Representatives in Congress
to avoid any steps which would aid in placing the
offices and important committees of Congress un-
der their (Republican) control."
I would myself hav-c no-doubt about this being
the meaning of those who passed that resolution,
even if its language did not furnish its own un-
mistakable construction. Cooperation with men
of ultra anti-slavery sentiments is something to
which Tennessee Democrats do not object, if to
the Democracy it yields the spoils. My colleague
and his party cooperated in 1852 with Free-Soilers
in the North, in the election of Mr. Pierce. He
did it, too, with his eyes open, for the metropol-
itan organ of his party, the Washington Union,
used this language during that canvass:
" The Free-Soil Democratic leaders of the North arc a
regular poitiou of the Democratic paity, and General Pierce,
if elected, will make no distinction between them and the
Democracy m the distribution of official patronage, and in
the selection of agents for administering the Government."
My colleague is not so much opposed to such co-
operation, as some might imagine from his speech,
provided it would give somebody inside of the
Democratic party the offices and their perquisites.
So much, Mr. Clerk, for this reason assigned by
my colleague for not voting for Mr. Gilmer. But
he says the status of Mr. Gilmer^s well known
to the country. What does he mean by that? It
means something or nothing. My colleague says
he has a high regard for Mr. Gilmer personally.
If so, then of course he has reference to his politi-
cal status. I ask my colleague what that is? I
ask him, if he desires the opportunity to tell the
House and the country what it is that Mr. Gil-
mer has done which fixes this political status,
which he would intimate is bad, and which pre-
vents his voting for him ? He declines to do it.
The only thing Mr. Gilmer has done, as I under-
stand from Democrats themselves, is, that he voted
against the Lecompton constitution.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. With the permission of
my colleague, I desire to correct the impression
that Mr. Gilmer voted against the Lecompton
constitution. I say to my colleague that Mr. Gil-
mer opposed and voted against the Senate bill; or
lather he voted for the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment which was substituted for the Senate
bill; and finally he voted with the Administration
party in this House for the English bill, which
passed this House and the Senate, and received
the approval of the President, and was pronounced
by distinguished members of that part}'- a better
bill than the Senate bill itself. So he stands in the
same position, in regard to the English bill, and
the final action of Congress upon the admission
of Kansas, as the great body of the Democratic
party themselves.
Mr. HATTON. Yes, sir; he voted ag&inst the
Senate bill for the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution, and subsequently voted
for the English bill with the Democratic party.
But this constitutes no reason why Democrats
should not cast their votes for him. My colleague
[Mr. Avery] furnished mo with an answer to this
objection, when, in his place, he announced to the
House " that it was not patriotic to be making
points upon Lecompton or anti-Lecompton, when
the rights and interests of the South were at stake,
and the Union in peril."
More than that, Mr. Clerk. When Mr. Gil-
mer cast that vote, he did what many southern |
gentlemen, whose integrity to the South has not '
been questioned, have said he ought to have done.
Senator Hammond, of South Carolina, said to
the people of that State, in reference to that bill,
that—
44 It was steeped infraud, outrage and blood, and southern
men would have done-well to have kicked it out of Congress
And Mr. Forsyth, of Alabama, in a recent let-
ter to Mr. Sampford, in speaking of this language
.of Senator Hammond's, indorsed it as <kweJS
said."
So much for that objection to the gentleman
from North Carolina. Bat he introduced some
resolutions, said the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] this morning. That is a
difficulty m the way of my colleague, [Mr. Avery,]
who said those resolutions were .calculated, if not
intended, to have the effect of conducting off from j
the head of Mr. Sherman the thunderbolt that ]
had been forged by the Democrats for his destruc- i
tion. My colleague's imagination is excited. He
is profuse in his figures, and they are charged
with electricity. Now, with a view of quieUgig
my friend, I will tell him (and I speak for myself
and the honorable gentleman from North Caro-
lina) that that resolution was intended to have no
such effect, nor could it have answered any such
purpose. It was not intended to shield anybody,
but to strike all of every section who were stirring
up sectional strife, or who were attempting jto
agitate the slavery question for party purposes.
I speak for Mr. Gilmer and for x&yself when I
say that no language can too strongly characterize
the infamy of that Helper book, or that of the
man who approves of its abominable doctrines.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. As I do not propose to
occupy the floor at any time at length in regard
to the resolutions passed by the Tennessee Legis-
lature, and which have been this morning referred
to, ur in regaid to any of the various subjects dis-
cussed in this preliminary struggle for Speaker,!
will, however, by my colleague's permission, say
a few words just here, in regard to the resolutions
sent to us from the Tennessee Legislature. For a
good many of the members of that body I have some
respect; for a portion of them I have, of course, no
ill will, because I do not personally know them.
But, sir, for the object which, in fact, controlled
the party majority of that body, or a portion of it,
in the passage of the resolutions referred to by my
colleague,! havenothingbutcontcmpt. The dem-
ocratic members of thatljcgislature, or a portion of
them, politically hate me, I am sure; and the senti-
ment is no doubt mutual, for, politically, I loathe
and despise them. I say, to-day, that I have no
more respect for those resolutions than I would
have for a private letter written and signed by fifty
or sixty or a hundred gentlemen anywhere m the
State. They have no right to mstructme. A por-
tion of the Democrats who voted for those resolu-
tions followed me tlnough my district in the last
canvass—followed me like the cuttle-fish, (I be-
lieve that is its name,) li&temng to what I said; but
their political opinions—I may say their impor-
tance—were ingulfed and swallowed up in the in-
terest that my canvass elicited in that district.
The people of my district (and I say it, \ trust,
with becoming modesty) of all parties have ten-
fold more respect to-day for my judgment, for my
willingness and disposition to do just what is right
and best for my whole country, than they have
for many of those who, without authority, attempt
to dictate my public conduct. So far as I am con-
cerned, I intend to be governed by what I con-
ceive to be my duty; and, so far as these resolu-
tions are concerned, I repudiate the right of the
Legislature of Tennessee to instruct me to do what
I am not pledged to do, or anything which my
judgment does not approve. While 1 will not say
that their conduct has been impertinent, I will say
that 1 shall treat those resolves with no more con-*
sideration than I would attach to a request made
by an equal number of my respectable fellow-
citizens anywhere in my State—no more and no
less.
Mr. HATTON. When I was interrupted by
my colleague I was remarking on the resolution
introduced by the gentleman from North Carolina.
So far from the object of that resolution being to
shield anybody, I repeat that it was the purpose
of the gentleman who introduced it to strike not
only at such as approve of Helper's book,butaJl
dangerous agitators of the subject of slavery.
But there is another difficulty. "Mr. Gilmer
is an Jlmerican." How strangely such an objec-
tion sounds to the ears of a man who is proud of
being an American! The same objection is made
to other members of the southern Opposition.
After Mr. Gilmer had received thirty-six votes,
yet, when it was supposed he was not likely to
receive the Democratic vote, he withdrew his own
name, and nominated the honorable gentleman
iScom Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,] a man who was
known to be sound, whose devotion to southern
interests was above suspicion.
Mr. BoTELERisa southern man, the Represent-
ative of the Harper's Ferry district of Virginia,
and a gentleman, I repeat," whose fidelity to the
South is beyond question. He was a candidate
before the House, and he might have been clected,
but our Democratic friends declined to unite on
him to do it.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Did the gentle-
man'« own party support Mr. Botellk?
