1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
Mr. REAGAN. There was evidence before the
committee to show that at the time a bill passed
fixing the salary of the superintendent of Indian
affairs for California, it was intended to cmbrace
a provision giving the same salary to the super-
intendent of Indian affairs for Oregon. The Sec-
retary of the Interior recommended at the time
that Jt should bg done. However, by some inad-
vertence, that was not done. There was also
evidence before the committee that Dr. Dart had
assurance from the Department having charge of
the matter, that the attention of Congress should
be called to the fact of the inadequacy of his salary.
Here the committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, several mes-
sages in wiiting were received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of his Private
Secretary, /ames Buchanan, Esq.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The explanation of the
gentleman from Texas does not answer the point
I have made. And let mc say, that the bill in-
creasingthe salary of the superintendent of Indian
affairs for California did not pass until 1852—nearly
three years after this superintendent of Indian af-
fairs had entered upon the discharge of his duties,
and just about the time he was ready to leave
Oregon. «
Mr. REAGAN. I will state that there was evi-
dence before the committee, given by a number of
distinguished gentlemen; among others, by Mr.
Corwm, of Ohio, and Mr. Rust, of TexaS. I do
not recollect precisely the statements they made;
but theft- statements confirm the allegation that this
superintendent of Indian affairs acted upon assur-
ance given to him, and he had a moral right to
suppose that the Government would secure to him
this salary.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is an increase equal
to the California superintendency, passed two
years afterwards.
Mr. REAGAN. If it be true that this bill was
passed two years after, then I think the commit-
tee was laboring under some misapprehension or
want of information.
Mr. GRAWFORD. The point I desire to
bring to the notice of the House is, that the com-
mittee acted under a misapprehension if they be-
lieved that Dart had any right secured to him by
the bill increasing the pay of the California supcr-
intendency; because that bill was not passed until
about the time this superintendent was about to
return home.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman asks what authority the Department had
to bind this Congress, or what authority the chair-
man or any member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate had? I answer, no author-
ity. We do not contend that Congress is legally
bound to recognize any engagement or any pledge
which the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
may make; but we do contend that it is the duty
of Congress to take notice of this recommenda-
tion, and if it is just, proper, and right, to sanc-
tion it. The assurances then given were right and
proper, and the public service was greatly pro-
moted thereby; and the principles of common hon-
esty require that we should sanction what was
then done.
The gentleman from Georgia says that the bill
providing for California did not pass until 1852.
i think it passed in 1852; but that makes no differ-
ence, so far as this matter is concerned. But if
the passage of that bill was delayed until 1852
it is the best possible answer to the question of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,]
who desired to know why this claimant held on
to the office for three years. Why did not he re-
sign when the superintendency for California was
established and he not mentioned in it? Youknow j
the delay which took place in transmitting news
to California and Oregon,and the presumption is
that, soon after the bill for the superintendency for
California had passed he went out of office. That
Congress delayed until 1852 to pass that bill need
not surprise the gentleman from Georgia. He
knows the difficulties in the way of getting bills
through the two Houses of Congress.
I say to that gentleman and to the House that
no competent man could have been induced to
go there in 1850 at a salary of $2,500. It is tiue,
as has been remarked, that that is the salary of
the present superintendent of Indian affairs in Ore-
gon; but every man knows that the expenses of
living upon that coast have been reduced since that
time more than one half, and that §2,500 to-day is
equivalent to §5,000 in 1850.
It is not denied that this gentleman discharged
his duties well and faithfully. The gentleman from
Kentucky admits that fact. While he was in
Oregon we had no difficulty with the Indians upon
that coast. No debt of millions of dollars against
this Government was run up by Indian wars there.
On the contrary, the total expenses of the Depart-
ment upon the Pacific coast, for the three years
of his superintendency, were only §24,000 a year.
I believe that Senator Bell was right when he de-
clared in the Senate that we ought not only to
pass this bill, but, in addition, to give him a hand-
some testimonial for those services,
Mr. STOUT. I wish t© say a word in reply to
the suggestions the gentleman has made in refer-
ence to the remarks of Mr. Bell, as read from the
Globe, and also the remarks just made by'the
gentleman himself.
I take this occasion to say, that while I am not
m any way disposed to interfere with or embar-
rass the passage of the bill now before the House,
yet justice to other superintendents of Indian af-
fairs in Oregon and Washington compel me to say
that the conclusion anived at by Mr. Bell and
the gentleman from Wisconsin, as to the merits
of Mr. Dart, as compared with other superintend-
ents, is erroneous.
Mr. WASHBUPv.NE, of Illinois. I desire just
here to make a suggestion. This is the first bill
upon the Calendar; and if we arc going to discuss
bills of this character as we are discussing this,
we shall never make any advance upon the Cal-
endar. I would suggest that the committee rise,
for the purpose of closing debate in a reasonable
time. After that, the bill will be open to five min-
utes' debate, which ought to give gentlemen am-
ple opportunity to express their opinions upon it.
Mr. STOUT. I hope I shall be allowed to
make my remarks without interruption.
I know little about tin- ments of this claim. It
originated before I became a resident of Oregon,
but while I lived upon that coast. I believe that
the salary of the superintendent of Indian alfaiis
at that time was too small, as I believe it to be
now. But I do not believe that Mr. Dart had
more duties to perform than aie now performed
by the present superintendent. Nor do I believe
that he is entitled to any special credit for having
kept and maintained peaceful relations with the
Indians. Circumstances connected with these mat-
ters, that might be easily explained, caused peace-
ful relations to be maintained. While I would
not do anything to interfere with the just consid-
eration of this claim, I protest against drawing
these invidous comparisons" between this gentle-
man and his successors—gentlemen frho are en-
titled to as much crcditas can be claimed for Mr.
Dart by his friends.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. X did not
intend, in anything 1 have said, to cast any re-
flection upon any gentlemen who have been con-
nected in any way with the Indian superintend-
ency in Oregon. I'merely stated the fact that
while Mr. Dart was in Oregon the expenses of
the Government, arising out of Indian difficulties,
were only-about twenty-four thousand dollars a
year; and that peace was maintained theie.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
who reported this bill why ho inserted in the bill
a provision to indemnify the claimant for all
moneys paid and expenses incurred by him for the
use and benefitof the Government? Now, it must
be very evident to every gentleman's mind that
if he paid out and expended money legitimately,
whatever amount was so expended and paid out
the Department would pay him back, and prob-
ably has paid back. Now, I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he shall himself move to strike out the
words to which I have referred, for the reason
that it would be received, and perhaps properly
received, as a direction to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to pay whatever this claimant did pay, whether
it were paid in a way that would or would not
justify a member of this House in voting for it.
It seems to me that this language is too broad, and
that the law now covers everything that Mr. Dart
could claim, if he has expended any money at all.
Mr. EDWARDS. Punctuation often makes
quite a difference in the sense, and it may not be
strictly accurate in the part of the bill the gentle-
man refers to. If the gentleman will read the
whole sentence, he will put a different construc-
tion upon it, and see that the*proposed indemnity
is limited " to moneys paid and expenses incurred
for the use and benefit of the Government for an
extra clerk six months, and for board of inter-
preters." It was intended so to limit it, and so
reads. *
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, I shall propose to
amend the bill, so as to indemnify him for the ex-
penses.
Mr. BURNETT. I'would say to the gentle-
man from Alabama, before the notice is made in
reference to amending any section, that I do not
want to be cut off from amending the first section'
of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is all one section.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 propose to amend this bill,
in the first place, by striking out the following
words: "the sum of §4,000 per annum, deduct-
ing therefrom §2,500 per annum." The portion
which I move to strike out is that portion of the
bill which gives him additional compensation for
having discharged the duties of superintendent of
Indian affairs. Now, if the gentleman from New
Hampshire will accept that amendment, he may
bring the bill to the House, and I will make no
objection to it.
This bill, instead of going back to the session
of 1852 and 1853, when the salary of the super-
intendent of Indian affairs in California was in-
creased, goes back to the commencement of the
services of this man, in 1850. I move to strike out
the portion increasing the salary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the geiitleman from New Hampshire thatheper-
mit the amendment to be adopted, and let the bill*
go to the House, and have a vote upon it there.
Mr. BURNETT. I make this proposition to
the gentleman: let him agree that we shall have
a vote in, the House on the motion to strike out
that portion of the bill. Let him do that, and I
am willing that his bill be reported.
Mr. EDWARDS. I am willing to agree to
that.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well, sir.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose to amend
the bill. I dp not intend to detain the House on
this subject. It is a very simple one. It seems
to me that there are no contracting parties in this
Government in the proffer or acceptance of public
office, and that if an individual accepts an office
under the impression that the salary shall be
raised, he stands or falls by tfiat impression inde-
pendently as it exists. Ana there is no obligation,
either in law or equity, on the part of the Govern-
ment, or any of those who are acting under or
for the Government, to increase that salary ac-
cording to any expectation, however much the
office-holder may have suffered by reason of dis-
appointed hopes. There are thousands of indi-
viduals who suffer more grievously even than in
amount of salary. I have known hordes of these
applicants for office who have wended their way
to different parts of the Union, disappointed ex-
pectants of office; I have known some who have
applied even for consulates, day after day, and
tarrying here by the week or month, and fre-
quently by the quarter, who have at last come to
be humble applicants for old clothes. I hardly
think that they have an equitable claim upon the
Government or upon the sympathies of the people.
The whole race of office-seekers and office-holders
are those who must stand or fall within the circum-
ference of their professional duties.
So much for the first branch of the bill. I think,
however, in relation to the remaining parts of it,
there are equities—equities of a grave and serious
character. Here is a gentleman who received
office and faithfully performed its duties. He per-
formed, sir, more than the duties imposed on him
at the time he accepted his commission; for, ac-
cording to the report of the committee, it seems
that a short period after he entered upon the per-
formance of those duties an office waS abrogated
and dispensed with, and its duties were imposed
on h'im, and faithfully discharged by him. Now,
it is true that the law is very clear upon the sub-
ject—that the office-holder who performs more
duties than he expected to perform will not be
entitled to increase of salary, even if he performed
the additional duties of other offices that hacf been
dispensed with. But the equity still remains—
that if this gentleman, in the performance of such
