im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
dtttics, has been to expense and has disbursed
moneys, the Government should refund him, hon-
estly and fairly, these expenses and moneys
disbursed. Therefore, sir, it is that I think the
bill should be amended in this regard, so that the
increase of salary should not be warranted and
conferred upon .the applicant here, but that the
increased expenditures may be allowed him; and
the amendment I propose is to this effects to strike
out all after the word "Oregon," in the seventh
line in tho bill, down to the word " him," in the
eighteenth line; so that the bill will read:
Be it enaetedbythe Senate and House of Representatives of
(Ue United States of ^America in Congress assembled, That
the proper accounting officers of the'Trcasury Department
be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed to pay,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Anson Dart, late superintendent of Indian affairs
in the Territory of Oregon, ail moneys paid and expenses
incurred by him for the use and benefit of the Govei n-
ment, for the services of one extra assistant clerk six
months, and for the board of the Indian interpreters em-
ployed by ilia during his term of office as superintendent
as aforesaid.
One word, sir, in reference to this last clause.
An objection has been taken that the pay of in-
terpreters- is fixed by law. That is very true;
and that it would not be equitable in the Govern-
ment to increase it here, upon this application
and under this bill. But the facts and circum-
stances in the report disclose that the services of
these interpreters could not have been had at that
time at the legal compensation; agd that to retain
their services, and to avail himselfof them, it was
necessary for him, in addition, to pay the amount
of their board. That consequently brings this
clause of the bill broadly within the equity of the
case.
* Mr. EDWARD'S. I ask the gentleman from
Now York whether lie will be satisfied with the
arrangement just made with the gentleman from
Kentucky, that he may have an opportunity of
offering his amendment in the House > .
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I renew my motion
that tho bill be laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not desire to discuss
this claim; but I would like to ask the gentleman
who reported the bill one question. I observe
that great merit is claimed for this party, on the
ground that he negotiated thirteen treaties with
the Indian tribes. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether any single one of those Indian
treaties was ever confirmed by the Senate ?
Mr. EDWARDS. I cannot give the gentle-
man any information upon that point.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like, then, to ask the
member from Oregon.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I can an-
swer the gentleman from North Carolina. I think
that none of these treaties were confirmed by the
Senate. I think it highly probable that had tho
Senate confirmed them, we should have been saved
many of the difficulties with the Indians in Oregon
that have since occurred.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the gentleman
to say that none of those treaties have been con-
firmed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. None of
them have been confirmed by the Stjnate.
Mr. BRANCH. I will not contest with the
gentleman from Wisconsin, or with any other gen-
tleman , as to whether tho treaties were good or
bad, inasmuch as vvedonot know anything about
them; but I will assume that the Senate of the
United States, in rejecting those treaties, must,
have come to the conclusion, with ample means
of information, that they were not treaties favor-
able to the interests of the Government, or that
ought to be confirmed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The fact
that Dr. Dart negotiated the treaties is not called
in question, nor is it called in question that he
acted in good faith. No gentleman ever under-
took to say that he did not perform his duty faith-
fully and ably. The service was performed, and
it makes no difference whether the Senate con-
firmed the treaties_or not.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the gentleman
from Wisconsin to have admitted that none of these
treaties were confirmed. Now that fact docs not
detract at all from our estimate of the labor per-
formed by this Indian agent; but it certainly goes
very far to detract from any estimate that we could
put upon the value of the services rendered by him
in that regard to the Government. I understand
this,Trom what I gather from this discussion, to
be in the nature of a claim upon the Government
for a gratuity or bounty in consideration of mer-
itorious services rendered by this party to the Gov-
ernment. The fact that all the treaties that he
made—and tho negotiation of which is relied on by
the committee as one of the grounds upon which
he should receive this bounty or gratuity—were
rejected by the Senate is proof t hat at least the ser-
vices that he rendered in that regard have not been
of much benefit to the Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The proof
is, that immediately after the Senate refused to con-
firm the treaties the Indian war in Oregon broke
out, for which we are to be charged some five or
six.million dollars.
Mr. BRANCH. It* may be that this agent
brought the Indian war upon us by holding out
expectations to the Indians that the Government
could not, in justice to itself, realize to them. It
may be that, instead of being meritorious, he ha's
brought this Indian war upon up, and fgstened on
the Government the claim for five or six million
dollars for expenses incurred there.
Now, I repeat that I know nothing'about the
merits of this ease, except what I have gathered
from the debate that has gone on here; but I think
that that single item is clearly not a ground upon
which we can base any favorable action towards
this agent. He may be an excellent agent. I
will not doubt, after having heard whatgentlemen
have said about him on the floor to-day, that he
was a faithful agent, and that he served the Gov-
ernment to the best of his ability; but here is one
proof at least that he has not served the Govern-
ment very judiciously, or very satisfactorily. .
Mr. EDWARDS. I simply wish to state, in
answer to the gentleman from North Carolina,
that it is in evidence that there was profound peace
with the Indians during the three years of this
claimant's service. The other matter is, perhaps,
not so important, and 1 do not feel disposed to
discuss it. I ask for the question.
The question was taken; and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.'
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. HUGHES. In looking over the list of
adverse reports from the Court of Claims, my at-
tention was arrested by one which I am averse to
having disposed of in the summary way in which
the committee seem disposed to get rid of them
en masse. I refer to report No. 149, an adverse
report upon tho petition of the owners and officers
of tho brig General Armstrong. I know nothing
of this case except so far as it belongs to the his-
tory of our country. ~ I believe there is no gentle-
man upon this floor who is not aware of the cir-
cumstances upon which it has been founded. It
is founded upon'one of the most brilliant acts
in the history of maritime warfare. I am not will-
ing that the case shall be disposed of on a mere
-technicality, which may be the case in the opinion
delivered by theCourtof Claims. Iproposethat
the adverse report be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claim's; and in making the motion I am
influenced by no other consideration than a sense
of public duty, for no individual has ever ap-
proached me about the case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the bill was referred
to the Naval Committee in the last Congress.
Mr. HUGHES. I was going on to remark
that my sole anxiety in regard to this case is that
justice shall be done to those who have well served
our flag; and I believe that my motion appeals
strongly to tho sense of equity, to the patriotism,
and the national pride of every member of this
House.
The question was taken on Mr. Hughes's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
„ RICHARD W. MEADE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to make
a similar motion in reference to report of the
Court of Claims No. 226,sa.n adverse report upon
the petition of Richard W. Meade, administrator
of R. W. Meade, deceased, it was decided by
the Courtof Claims, probably, upon a mere tech-
nical point, and it is desirable that the Committee
of Claims should have an opportunity of investi-
gating and reporting upon the merits of the claim.
I move, therefore, that it be rcported-to the House
with the recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr! BURNETT. I do not desire to detain the
committee at all; but this is one of a class of cases
which have come back from the Court of Claims
with adverse reports, and yet we are referring
them back to committees of this House. We
ought either to repeal the act establishing the
Court of Claims, or we ought to act on these cases
when they cqme here, and dispose of them. I do
not know whether my motion will take prece-
dence of the motion of the gentleman from Mary-
land or not, but I move that the report be reported
back to the House with a recommendation that
the report of the Court of Claims be concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. The question must first
be taken on the motion of the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not understand how
we got back to these adverse reports.
The CHAIRMAN. The order was, that gen-
tlemen might designate such reports as they wished
to have referred.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Davis, of Maryland; and it was agreed to.
ROBERT HARRISON.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to jnake a motion
in reference to another case, as I do not see the
gentleman from Florida [Mr. Hawkins] in his
seat. It is report of the Court of Claims No. 127,
an adverse report upon the petition of Robert Har-
rison. It is a report which was made by the Court
of Claims several terms since, and was inferred
in the last Congress to tho Committee of Claims,
and a favorable report was made upon the claim
by that committee. It is what is called a " Florida
claim."
My motion is that it be excepted fron the gen-
eral disposition that is proposed to be made of
these cases, and be passed over informally.
It was so ordered.
IIEIRS OF GEORGE YATES.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make a similar motion in
reference to adverse report (C. C. No. 188) upon
the petition of the heirs of Dr. George Yates.
That has been referred during the present session
of Congress to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and I see that Mr. Jackson, of Georgia,
has reported a bill in favor of the claimants. I
ask, therefore, that the report be passed over in-
formally.
It was so ordered.
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 89) to liquidate the unadjusted contracts
of the Tennessee river improvement.
The bill was read. It provides that all accounts
made by the duly authorized officers of the Gov-
ernment, appointed under the act of the Thirty-
Second Congress making an appropriation of
$50,000 for the improvement of the Tennessee
river, shall be audited by the accounting officers
of the Treasury, and paid out of any money in
>the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
From the report it appears that on the 30th of
August, 1852, Congress made an appropriation,
for the improvement of the navigation of the Ten-
nessee river, of S50,000, in conformity with the
estimate of the War Department of July 13, 1852,
to be expended under the superintendence of the
Secretary of War. The work was placed under
the charge of the late Lieutenant Colonel Mc-
Clellan, United States Army, by the War De-
partment. To aid him in the management of the
work, it was thought necessary by the Department
to invest him with power to engage the services of
certain persons resident in the neighborhood, and
familiar with the localities, as assistant engineers.
Accordingly a commission was prepared, under
the direction of the bureau of topographical engi-
neers,and addressed respectively to Messrs J. E.
S. Blackwell, James C. Luttrell, Jacob Newman,
C. W. Charlton, and W. G. Brownlow. During
the years 1853 and 1854 a large amount of labor
was performed under the general direction of Col-
onel McClellan and the immediate supervision of
these five assistants. Many persons, mechanics
and laborers, were employed, and the work was
carried on with greatactivity until the death ofCol-
onel McClellan by cholera, in the latter part of
August, 1854. Finding the appropriation about
exhausted, and apprehending that it was not like-
ly to be continued, the work was suspended, and
