2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
: The SPEAKER. It will not. The printing
kill was only fixed for one day, and will not,
therefore, interfere with any special order fixed
for Thursday.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not see why the Op-
position forces of the House should be desirous
of postponing this Pacific railroad bill, which is
the regular order of business. It is an important
question. It is one that has been before the coun-
try for five years. It is one upon which every
t member of this House has made up his mind.
' Some gentlemen have constitutional difficulties in
reference to supporting it; others have difficulties
in regard to the location of the route; and there
are various reasons which operate to control dif-
ferent gentlemen of this Houfje in regard to their
votes upon the Pacific railroad. Wow, sir, I
know of no other business which is of more
importance to the Pacific States, to the Atlantic
States, and to the whole Union, than the settle-
ment of this Pacific railroad question; and there-
fore I think it the duty of the House, as I have
no doubt every gentleman has made up his mind,
to vote down this motion to postpone, and to
bring this bill to a vote, and either to pass it or to
reject it. If we postpone it to another day, the
probability is that when that day arrives we will
fix another day for it. The question will be post-
poned for the consideration of. the business set
apart for "Wednesday, and then Thursday will be
appropriated to it. It will interfere with other
business; and, instead of doing that, I think that
the question ought now to be taken up, consid-
ered, and disposed of. I tell the gentleman from
Ohio that it is right for this side, right for the
other side, and right for ail portions of the coun-
try, that this question in regard to the Pacific rail-
road should be taken up and settled.
It seems that all parties in this country are in
favor of it—that the Republicans are in "favor of
it, and that both wings of the Democratic paity
are in favor of it—to the extent of our constitu-
tional powers All announce themselves in favor
of it, and why,sir, should we not take the ques-
tion now? Let us see where the members of the
House stand. Let us see whether the majority
is in favor of it or against it. If it be postponed
from to-day until another day, I can see no good
that will result. The gentleman front Ohio has
made up his mind in relation to the vote he will
give. Every man on the other side, sir, has his
mind made up, and so have the men upon this
side. Why postpone it ? Who is benefited by
the postponement ? Who is injured by the con-
sideration of the question now >
1 hope, Mr. Speaker, that we will take up the
question and consider it now. It lias been post-
poned from day to day, month to month, Con-
gress to Congress. Are gentlemen afraid to face
the responsibility ? Will they not come to avote
on the Pacific railroad question? I trust that the
motion to postpone will be withdrawn. Let us
take up this question at once, and let us at onee
dispose of it, if we arc to dispose of it at alt. We
have fixed a day for our final adjournment, and
the Senate will concur in our resolution, if they
find that they can bring up their business so as
to adjourn on the day we have named. Why
postpone the Pacific ralroad question, and take
up other questions of less magnitude > 1 f we post-
pone it, then this day will be thrown away. The
country will not be benefited, and the Treasury,
to some extent, may be unjustly exhausted. No
real good will result to the country. Is the gen-
tleman from Ohio ready to meet this question ?
Mr. COItWIN. I am ready to hear it dis-
cussed,and that is the reason I want ltpostponed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We have not met this
question. We have, postponed it hitherto. We
are now at the time to which its consideration
was last postponed. I ask the House to consider
it now, if they ever intend to consider it. There
is no propriety in its being continued over to an-
other day. 1 demand the previous question on
the motion to postpone.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the previous question until
I can say a few words m reply.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw it, with the
understanding that the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. ELIOT. I want to say a word on this
matter before the question is taken. It is this:
on Saturday an attempt was made by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Carter] to have Mon-
day assigned for the special consideration of
business connected with the District of Columbia.
It was objected to, upon the ground that it was
suspension day, and because there are some bills
which are now in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union which cannot be brought
into the House for action but by a suspension of
the rules. Among those bills is the light-house
appropriation bill, which I have been endeavoring
to call before the House for action, without suc-
cess so far. In conversation, the other day, with
the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I was informed that the proper
course to follow, in order to get the light-house
appropriation bill acted upon, was to move, on
Monday, for a suspension of the rules to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of the bill.
He informed me that there would be no oppor-
tunity for the consideration of that bill in the
Committee of the Wholeon the stateofthe Union.
On Saturday last I gave notice that I was desirous
to have the light-house appropriation bill acted
upon; and on that account, amongst others, the
application of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Carter] was objected to. It was objected
to that Monday should be set apart for any spe-
cial order. I went out of the House about five
minutes on Saturday, and when I returned, I
found, to my surprise, that the Pacific lailroad
question, by common consent, had been assigned
for to-day and to-morrow. I learn, sir, that sev-
eral gentlemen tried, unsuccessfully, to gain the
car of the Speaker, for the purpose of objecting.
No objection reached the car of the Speaker, and
it was deemed to be granted, by common consent,
that to-day should be assigned for the considera-
tion of the Pacific railroad question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope that this special
order will be postponed, in order that the light-
house appropnation bills, and other bills, may
be acted upon under a suspension of the rules,
bringing them before the House, which can only
bo done on this day. 1 give notice that, if the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio prevail, I
shall ask for the floor for the purpose of moving
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union bo discharged from the further con-
sideration of the light-house appropriation bill,
and to consider it now, or to fix a day when it
shall be taken up and disposed of. It will only
take an hour to dispose of it; and I hope it will
meet with the approval of members all over the
House. I renew the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWOTH. I hope the demand for
the previous question will be withdrawn for a
moment.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw it, provided the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I will. Mr. Speaker,
I hope that the consideiation of the Pacific rail-
road bill will not be postponed. 1 understand
that the light-house appropriation bill simply pro-
vides for the erection of new light-bouses; and
that the country will not suffer much if that bill
does not pasa during this session of Congress.
The Pacific railroad is a question that the coun-
try is interested in. I believe that both wings of
the Democracy at Charleston agreed that a Pa-
cific railroad ought to be built.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. But they did not
agree that this bill should be considered on the
28th of May. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the Democrats
on the other side helped to make the question
the special order for this day. It is a subjcct
which has been before the country for a longtime;
and now, when objection to its further postpone-
ment comes from the enemies of the bill, 1 hope
that its friends will stand to it, and see that the
bill is now acted upon. I do not see why we
should postpone this great question, in order to
get into a scramble for the purpose of moving
suspensions of the rules. I do protest, most earn-
estly, against the postponement of this subject.
If we postpone it now, it will throw the bill over
to the next session. It may lead to the defeat of
the measure. I was sorry that the bill was post-
poned the other day. It is made the special order
for to-day and to-morrow, and let us dispose of it.
It will require but little discussion, and I believe
that the members of both sides are ready to vote.
Mr. HILL. What is the necessity of this argu-
ment, since it is conceded that there is an over-
whelming majority of all parties in this House in
favor of the construction of a Pacific railroad ? If
that be so, all we have to do is to take the vote,
and go on with the consideration of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr, CURTIS. What is the question before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The special order for to-day
is the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill, and
the gentleman from Ohio now moves that the
special order bepostponed until Thursday, taking
Tuesday and Thursday for the consideration of
that bill, instead of Monday and Tuesday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I desire, in the first place, to ask the Chair a ques-
tion. It is whether it will not now require a vote
of two thirds of the House to set aside Tuesday
and Thursday for the consideration of the Pacific
railroad bill, instead of to-day and to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I desire the Chair to
state the precise question before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is that the special order
of to-day be postponed until Thursday. The bill
is the special order for to-morrow already.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I desire the attention
of the gentleman from Iowa for a moment. There
is but one bill for a Pacific railroad under consid-
eration, and if this bili is postponed until Thurs-
day next it cannot be taken up to-morrow, be-
cause it wilf have gone over by this vote until
Thursday. The bill now, under its privilege of
specialty, has two days for consideration; but if
you postpone it until Thursday, it will have but
one day, because it will be carried over beyond
Tuesday by this motion. In that way the bill
will get but one day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
matter quite differently. Ifyou postpone the spe-
cial order of to-day until Thursday, the special
order of to-morrow will take care of itself.
Mr. HOUSTON. That cannot be, because it
is but one bill, one single and entire proposition;
and when that bill is postponed until a day certain,
the House cannot take it up before that day ar-
rives, except by a two-thirds vote. The bill was
made a special order for to-day and to-morrow;
and ifyou postpone it from to-day until Thurs-
day, it must go over beyond to-morrow; and it is
an absurdity to suppose, for a moment, that the
bill can come up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to amend the motion
to postpone.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order after the
previous question is ordered.
Mr. REAGAN. I addressed the Chair before
the previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. Th: previous, question had
been demanded.
Mr. REAGAN. I merely wished to amend
the motion, so that the bill shall be made tho
special order from day to day until disposed of.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I call the yeas and nays
upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the consideration of the
bill will not be postponed, unless Tuesday and
1 hursday are both to be devoted to the consider-
ation of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Pacific railroad bill will be the special order
for to-morrow, if this motion is agreed to.
Mr. BURCH. And will the bill be considered
to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BURCH. I understand the motion to be
to postpone until to-morrow and Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The bill is already a special
order for to-morrow, and the motion is to post-
pone the special order of to-day until Thursday.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 57, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldnch, Alley, William C. An-
derson/ Babbitt, Ban, lioteler, Brabson, Brayton, Buriin-
game, Carey, Case, John Cochrane, Corwin, Covode, Cox,
H. Winter Davis, Jolm G. Davis, Duitn, Eliot, Ethendge,
Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Hale. Hardeman, HeinucK,
Hill, Hughes tivine- Jenkins, Junkin, DeWitt C. Leach,
JamesM. Leach, Montgomery, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
