20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
36th Cong'... .1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Iio. of Reps.
possible to make needed improvements. Indeed,
feWbeeri found, of late years, that even the or-
dinary duties could not be peformed; and it is,
therefore, now a-matter-of urgent importance to
provide the means of improving this interesting
branch of the public service.
PENNY POST.
The system of delivering letters by carriers at
the domicii of the citizen was first recognized by
the act of 3d March, 1825, and has, withm a few
years, been successfully introduced into several
of our principal cities. Though constant endeavors
have been made to improve it, it is still imperfect
in its details, and unsatisfactory, alike to the lab-
ile and to the Department, in its operations. The
system cannot be regarded as having accomplished
the object of its establishment, so long as it does
not command and deliver the local correspondence
of the different cities in which it exists, which
thus far, it has wholly failed to do. This corre-
spondence is now almost entirely in the hands of
private expresses, whose rates are so low as to
make a successful competition with them, on the
part of the Government, impossible. Their charge
for the delivery of a letter is generally but one
cent, while this amount is necessarily exacted by
the Department for the carriers, and one cent in
addition is collected on the local correspondence,
as the postage fixed by the actof 1825, on " drop
letters." Hence the aggregate postage oil the city
correspondence, under existing laws, which re-
quire that the system shall be self-sustaining, is
at least two cents, which precludes the possibility
of any successful competition with the private
expresses. I therefore recommend the repeal of
ered by carriers. This would not result in any
perceptible diminution of the postal revenues, in-
asmuch as the correspondence which would bo
thus secured by the Department, does not now
pass through its offices. It is true that the Post-
master General might, in his discretion, arrest the
operation of these private expresses by declaring
the streets and avenues of the cities to which they
belong to be post roads; but until the Department
is prepared to (Jelivor city letters as cheaply and
promptly as such companies can possibly do, I
should regard tin: exercise of this power us un-
wise, if not harsh and oppressive.
Another motive for persistent effort 011 the part
of this Department to render the delivery by car-
riers as perfect as possible, is found in the fact
that the box system is being rapidly; outgrown by
•the population of our principal cities, and must
finally be abandoned—as it has been in European
capitals. There are at present but about ^four
thousand boxes in the post office of New York,
and yet even this number leads to much confusion
and inaccuracy in the distribution and delivery of
mail matter. Was the number augmented to ten
thousand—which would not more than meet the
present ever-increasing demand—it is manifest
that no memory would bo equal to the task of as-
sociating the names with the appropriate boxes,
and that the practical working of the system
would become impossible. Afrequent)rapid,and
punctual delivery , on reasonable terms, of all cor-
respondence, received at the post offices of our
great cities, is what the public have a right to claim
of the Department, and what it will bo its un-
ceasing endeavor to secure to them.
NEWSPAPER EXCHANC.ES.
The act of 1825 authorized " every printer of
newspapers to send one paper to each and every
other printer of newspapers within the United
States free of postage, and such is the existing
law. However slight the support which this
statute may seem to give to publishers, it imposes,
in the aggregate, a heavy and unjust burden on
the Department. The advantage thus conferred
inures to the benefit alike of the publisher who
sends, and of him wins receives the paper in ex-
change. I have in vain sought for any satis-
factory explanation of the policy indicated by this
provision. It seems far more exceptionable than
the franking privilege, since the latter professes
to be exercised on behalf of the public, whereas
the exemption secured by the former is enjoyed
wholly in advancement of a private and personal
interest. The newspapers received in exchange
by the journalist are, in the parlance of commerce,
his stock in trade. From their columns he gathers
materials for his own, and thus makes the same
business use of them that the merchant does of
his goods, or the mechanic of the raw material
which he proposes to manufacture into fabrics.
But as the Government transports nothing free of
charge to the farmer, the merchant, or the me-
chanic, to enable them to prosecute successfully
and economically their respective pursuits, why
shall it do so for the journalist? If the latter can
rightfully claim that his newspapers shall be thus
delivered to him at the public expense, why may
he not also claim that his stationery and histype,
and indeed everything which enters into the prep-
aration of the sheets he issues as his means of liv-
ing, be delivered to him oil the same terms? It
has been urged, I am aware, that postage on news-
paper exchanges would be a tax on the dissemi-
nation of knowledge, but so is the postage which
the farmer, merchant and mechanic pay on the
newspapers for which they subscribe, a tax on
the dissemination of knowledge, and yet it is paid
by them uncomplainingly. If it be insisted that
the publishers of newspapers, as a class, are in
such a condition as to entitle them to demand the
aid of the public funds, it may be safely answered
that such an assumption is wholly unwarranted.
Journalism in the United States rests upon the
broadest and deepest foundations, and is running
a career far more brilliant and prosperous than in
any other nation of the world. The exceedingly
reduced rates at which its issues pass through ihe
mails, secure to it advantages enjoyed under 1m
other Government. Under the fostering care of
the free spirit of the age, it has now become an
institution in itself in this country, and controls
the tides of the restless ocean of public opinion
with almost resistless sway . It is the avant cour-
ier of the genius of our institutions, and is every-
where the advocate of progress, and of the high-
est and noblest forms of human freedom. Is it
not, therefore, to the last degree unseemly, if not
worse, that in its own enterprises, and in further-
ance of its own pecuniary interests, itshould claim
permission to violate habitually a great principle
of which it is the constant advocate, and which
undeilies our whole political system—the prin-
ciple of equal rights to all and special privileges
to none? If, howeter, from the grandeur and
beneficence of its mission, the press is to be ex-
cepted from the operation of this wholesome dem-
ocratic doctrine, and is to be subsidized to the
extent of its postages by the Government, then,
undeniably, such subsidy should be contributed
from the common Treasury, instead of being im-
posed, as at present, upon the oppressed revenues
of the Post Office Department, which, under all
circumstances, should be maintained inviolate.
Into the same category, but for more cogent
reasons, must fall that class of weekly lie wspapers
which the statute of 1852 requites shall be deliv-
ered free of postage to all subscribers residing
withm the limits of the county in which they are
published. This requisition is less sound on the
score of principle than even the discrimination in
favor of the press. There may be something in
the characteristics of the latter—ennobled as it is
as the organ of the intellect and heart of millions
of freemen—which might induce many to grant
to it special and distinguishing immunities; but
why a citizen who chances to reside 011 one side
of a county line shall be exempted fi om a postage
on his ne wspaper, which his neighbor 011 the otiler
side of that line is obliged to pay 011 the same pa-
per, surpasses my comprehension. There would
bo more reason for exempting letters from charge,
while circulating through the mails within the
county in which'they are written, because, being
much lighter than newspapers, their transporta-
tion, of course, buVdens the Department less.
Could contractors be found sufficiently public
spirited to transport this class of newspapers
without compensation, then their gratuitous de-
livery might be claimed of the Department as a
reasonable duty. But precisely the same rate of
compensation is demanded and paid for this as
for every other postal service, and hence this priv-
ilege is in effect a donation of so much of the postal
revenues as the service costs. This violates a fun-
damental law of the system, by perverting.a fund
confided to the Government, not to be given away,
but to be.carefully administered, so as to afford
the largest possible mail facilities to the social
and commercial intercourse of the country.
STAR BIDS.
The act of March 3,1845, declares " that it shall
be the duty of the Postmaster General, in all fu-
ture lettings of contracts for the transportation of
the mail, to let the same, in every case, to the
lowest bidder tendering sufficient guarantees for
faithful peiformance, without other reference to the
mode of such transportation, than may be necessary to
provide for the due celerity, certainty, and security
of such transportation."
This law is still in full force, and believing that
it announces the only principle on which this
Department can be successfully administered,
an effort lias been made to conform to the policy
which it indicates. Accordingly, in advertising
for the new lettings, "Star Bids," as they are*
termed in the parlance of the service, will alone
be invited—that is, proposals for conveying the
mails with "due celerity, certainty, and security,"
without any designation of the mode of convey-
ance. The transportation and delivery of the mails
with the utmost dispatch and security are the true
and only mission of this Department; in accom-
plishing this, it discharges its whole duty to the
country. The prevalence of an opinion which
enlarges its obligations and the sphere of its ac-
tion beyond this limit, has tended much to involve
it in the embarrassments with which it is now
struggling. Thero are those who maintain that
the adjustment of the mail service should be made
subservient, if not subordinate, to the interests of
commerce and travel,and that the rapid and cheap
conveyance of passengers, and the support of
railroad, steamboat, and stage companies, should
be as carefully looked to and as anxiously pro-
vided for by the Department as the transportation
of the mails. This is a fatal fallacy, whose bitter
fruits may now be seen in the enormous sums
paid to these companies for mails, some of which
arc so light as scarcely to yield a revenue suffi-
cient to defray the expense of carrying them on
horseback. Four-horse coaches are thus run upon
border and unfrequented routes, and steamboat
lines are subsidized at an outlay which would
afford postal accommodations to entire States,
merely that the owners of these lines may be en-
riched, and that the public may have easy, cer-
tain, and economical modes of conveyance for
themselves, their baggage, and their goods. Ev-
ery dollar appropriated for such purposes is a
perversion and abuse of the postal fund, and every
one of these extravagant and semi-commercial
contracts deprives whole communities in other
sections of the country of the mail facilities to
which they are entitled. The Department, from
this misinterpretation of its functions, is made
virtually the carrier of passengers and merchan-
dise, and what is yet more to be deplored, is a
carrier without compensation.
EXPRESS MAIL AGENTS.
The employment of these officers by my pre-
decessor, on the great routes from New York,
Philadelphia, and' Baltimore, westward, was an
experiment, the practical working of which has
not justified its continuance. It has accordingly
been terminated by the substitution of the bag-
gage masters on these routes for the agents here-
tofore having charge of the through mails, and,
thus far, the results of the change have been sat-
isfactory. The rate of compensation has been
much reduced, so as'to exhibit on annual saving
of £19,100, as compared with the former expend-
iture, while the services have been secured of a
class of men believed to be fully competent and
faithful in the discharge of the duties which they
have assumed upon themselves.
RAILROAD SER\ICE.
While it is admitted that the establishment of
railroads in the United States has added vastly to
the celerity of the mails, and to the facility "\vltli
which those of great weight and bulk are trans-
ported, it is equally true that in their tram of
blessings have come evils, which have continued
to grow with the expansion of the system,until
they have at length reached a magnitude which
demands that an earnest endeavor should be made
for their correction. The mails were conveyed,
