1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2407
Noell, Potter, Reynolds, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stanton, Stokes,
Thayer, Theaker, Vallandiqham, Vance, Vandevcr, Van
Wyck, Wade, Waldion, Walton, and Israel Washburn—
57.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Al-
len, Ashley, Aphmoro, Avery, Harksdalo, Rarrett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Bonham, Bouhgny, Boyce, Branch,
Brxggs, Bristow, Buffinton, Burch, Burnham, Butterfield,
Carter, John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, Olark B. Cochrane,
Colfax, Cnnklftg, .lames Ciaig, Crawford, Curry, Currjs,
Davidhon, Dawes, Do Jarnette, Delano, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Edwards, Ely, Fmnsworth, Fen ton, Ferry, Flor-
ence, Fouke,Gartroll, Gooeh,Graham,Gurloy,Flail, Ham-
ilton, Hasktn, Hatton, lloaid, Holman, Houston, William
Howaid, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Jack
son, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kunkel, Lan-
druin, Lauabec, Logan, Loomi«, Love, Lovftjoy, JVJaclay,
Mallory, Marston, McKean, McKnight, McPlierson, Mc-
Queen, Million, Milhvard, Laban T. Moore, Mooihead,
Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Pendleton, Pettit, Phelps, Pottle,
I'ryor, Pugh, Quailes, Reagan, James 0. Robinson, Rust,
Schwartz, Scott, Sheiman, Simins, Singleton, Spauldmg,
Spinner, Stevens, James A. Stewart, YVillnun Stewait,
Stratton, Tappan, Taylor, Thomas, Tompkins, Trimlvle,
Underwood, Elhliu B. Washburno, Wells, Wmdom,Wood,
Woodiuff, Woodson, and Wnght—118.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he was paired off
until Friday next with Mr. Sedgwick.
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Morse was ab-
sent on account of ill health.
Mr. NIXON stated that Mr. Riggs was paired
off with Mr. Campbell.
Mr. TRAIN stated that he had paired ofF with
Mr. Wixslow, who had gone homo on account
of sickness.
Mr. RICE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Burnett for to-day.
The result was then announced, as above stated.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hiokey, Chief Clerk, informing; the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No.
5) making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy, for the year ending June 30,
1861.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that that committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 468) to amend an act entitled
"An act to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy, and of the District of
Columbia, m said District;"
An act (S. No. 106) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protest-
ant Episcopal Church in the United States, to
enter a certain tract of land in the State of Wis-
consin;
An act (S. No. 373) for the relief of William
P. Bawhay;and
An act (S. No. 253) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Wctonsaw, son of James Con-
ner.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unauimous consent
of the House to present a resolution setting apart
a day for the consideration of business relating to
the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill;
but, by unanimous consent, the gentleman can
introduce his resolution, and the Chair hopes that
the House will set aside a day for the purpose
indicated.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That next Saturday b* set apart to be devoted
to business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. TAPPAN. I object. I object, because
that is private bill day, and objection day; and I
desire to get through the Private Calendar, and
am opposed to anything which will interfere
with it.
Mr. CARTER. If the gentleman will name
any other day, it will make no difference with
me. Allow me to name next Tuesday week.
Mr. BRANCH. I shall object to that, and I
shall object to any day which can, under the
rules, be devoted to the general business of the
Union. We have but three days m the week that
we can devote to that class of business.
Mr. ELIOT. I would propose one week from
next Friday.
Mr. TAPPAN. I shall object to that day, be-
cause it interferes with private business. That
business has been neglected long enough already,
and I cannot consent that it shall be any further
postponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Say next Monday; that will
be a good day.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to next Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I supposed there would be
no objection to next Monday.
Mr. CARTER. If it is decided by the House
that we shall have no day set apart for the con-
sideration of the District of Columbia business, I
must submit.
Mr. HUGHES. It would seem very apparent
that there is not a disposition to do anything for
the District of Columbia. I submit that it is as
incumbent upon us to legislate for the Distiict of
Columbia, whose interests arc specially confided
to us, as it is to discharge any of our duties here.
It is very hard that we cannot got a day set apart
for that purpose. There arc a hundred thousand
people m this District, and yet you refuse to set
aside one day to legislate for their interests.
Mr. CARTER. I hope the House will agree
upon some day.
Mr. TAPPAN. I will make a suggestion to
the gentleman. If the House will, by unanimous
consent, make Friday of next week objection
day, I will not object to setting aside the follow-
ing Saturday for District of Columbia business.
Mr. PETTIT and Mr. CRAWFORD ob-
jected.
Mr. TAPPAN. Wei!, then, so far as I am
concerned, if there is no other day that can be
fixed upon for District of Columbia business, 1
am willing that Saturday of next week shall be
set aside for that purpose.
Mr. PETTIT and Mr. TOMPKINS objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. It m evident that we shall
consume the whole day in trying to'gct a day sot
apart for District of Columbin business. I call
for the regular order of business.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to make a report from a commit-
tee of conference. Tlu; committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill of the House No. 5, making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861,
having met and considered the same, after a
free and full conference thereon have agreed to
recommend to their respective Houses that the
House do recede from its disagreement to the first
amendment of the Senate, and concur therein;
that the Senate recede from its second, third,
fourth,sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and eleventh
amendments; and that tlv House recede from its
amendment to the first amendment of the Senate.
One single word will explain what the report
amounts to. The first amendment of the Senate
was to appropriate $3,500 for materials for the
construction of officers' quarters. We struck out ;
that provision, and substituted an amendment '
limiting the term of study at West Point to four
years. We recommend that the House recede
from that amendment of the House; and that we
concur in the amendment of the Senate making
that appropriation of $3,500. The House com-
mittee believed that it is as well, perhaps, for the
Government to build quarters for officers as to
pay rent at West Point hotels. The second, third,
fourth, and following amendments, are those pro-
viding for the Texas regiment of volunteers* The
Senate recede from those amendments, and the
bill stands with the first amendment of the Senate
alone.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Do I understand
that the amendment of the House, limiting the
term of study at West Point to four years, is
struck out ?
Mr STANTON. Yes; we recede from that.
If there be any difficulty about it, I hope the House
will hear me in regard to these amendments.
Several Members. Yes; goon.
Mr. STANTON. When the committee of con-
ference came to this question of agreeing or dis-
agreeing, the Senate committee met us with the
proposition that a section changing the term of
study was not strictly parliamentary nor germane
to the bill. That was an argument which we
could not very well resist. When we came to the
question of the Texas regimen t, we made the same
point, that it was not germane to a bill making
appropriations for the Military Academy; ana
they could not very well resist ik We therefore
mutually agreed that we would not insist oh mat-
ters foreign to the bill, and which were not proper
and legitimate subjects of legislation, without
deciding on the strict merits of the1 several prop-
ositions. It was urged on the other side by tne
committee of the Senate, that we had not the in- '
formation before us to enable us to determine
what was the proper term of study at West Point;
that we should call upon the superintendent, and
have an examination into the subject. They ar-
gued that it required a more deliberate a^d careful
examination; and on that ground the committee
thought it proper, inasmuch as they were spe-
cially anxious to get rid of the Texas regiment
amendments, to recede from the other.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say that, when the
report of the committee of conference was pre-
sented to me this morning, I signed it, supposing
that 1 had no power to oppose the action taken
by the committee, and not because I assented to
the report. I bog to say, lest the signing of the
report by me might be misunderstood, that I did
not understand the precise effect of my signing it
when I did so.
Mr. STANTON. That is precisely so. The
report was concurred in by a majority of the com-
mittee of both Houses.
Mr. REAGAN. And I desire to state that the
proposition to strike out the Texas regiment
amendment was concurred in by the Senate com-
mittee, with the intention, on their part, to put
it on the military appropriation bill.
Mr. STANTON. I now move the previous
question on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under its opera-
lion, the report of the committee of conference was
agreed to. *
" Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A1UIING AND EQUIPPING THE MILITIA.
Mr. TOMPKINS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Militia,'
with an amendment, House bill No. 65, to amend
the act of April 23, 1808, entitled "An act mak-
ing provision for arming and equipping the whole
body of the militia of the United States;" which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, with the amendment,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JENKINS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the views of the minority of the Commit-
tee on the Militia on the same subject; which were
also ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, 'That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instmeted to inquire into the claims ot Ehsha Hall and
Jleman Maynard, applicants for invalid pensions; and also
into the claims of Nancy, widow of Ephraim Mansfield,
and Calvin J'ease, applicants for bounty land, and report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, noti-
fying the House that the Senate had passed a bill
and resolution, of the following titles, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (No. 10) in addition to an act to promote
the progress of the useful arts; and
A resolution (No. 31) explanatory of the eighth
section of the act of Congress approved February
28, 1859.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the resolution of the Senate,
(No. 8,) relating to the claim of George Fisher,
late of Florida, deceased.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (H  R-
No. 215) making appropriations for the current
andcontingcntexpcnscsof the Indiandepartment
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year endiiig June 30, 1861#
