1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
the Union and the Constitution, has been censured, ,
and had his fidelity to the South questioned. I >
desiie, therefore, to understand what is the atti- ,
tude occupied by my Democratic colleagues o#;
this floor, and I repeat, do you indorse or rcpu- .
diate the sentiment I have read? I want a reply.
They decline to state. Well, sir, I call their at-
tention while I read another passage from the
same document:
" 1 intend to standby the Constitution and its guarantees
as the ark of our safety, as the palladium of our civil and
ieh«ious-libeity. I intend to cling to it as the shipwrecked
mariner clings to the last plank when night and tempest
cloac aiound luin.'J
Do these lines express the opinion and senti-
ments of my Democratic colleagues or not ? I
submit it to them, whether they ought not to take
a position on that subject, especially when they
have been questioning; the attitude of their col-
leagues on this floor? I say to those gentlemen,
you know what are your vicios; you know where
you stand; and I ask you whether you indorse
either of the sentiments I have quoted or not? Sir,
I indorse the paragraph last read, expressing for
the present no position at all m reference to the
first. My colleague, Mr. Wright, took excep-
tion, as 1 understood him, to the speech of my
colleague, Mr. Nelson, upon the subject of the
Union, and I now ask him to state what single
sentiment upon the subject of the Union declared
by Mr. Nelson does he not indorse?
Mr. WRIGHT. I simply desire to say to my
colleague, that if he will read my speech he will
find that I made no war on the spcech of my col-
league, [Mr. Nelson.]
Mr. HATTON. I am glad that my colleague
indorses the speech of Mr. Nelson, for f under-
stand that to be his response: but I wish to ask
him, particularly, whether he indorses Mr. Nel-
son upon the subject of the Union. Will the gen-
tleman be kind enough to give me a response of
indorsement or repudiation?
Mr. WRIGHT. Of the whole speech ?
Mr. HATTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. I shall have to read it again
before I can express my indorsement.
Mr. HATTON. Do you remember any single
sentence that you would not indorse?
Mr. WRI&HT. If my colleague desires to
know what my position is, I refer him to my
speech, and 1 believe that he has a copy of it be-
fore him.
Mr. HATTON. Well, sir, I refer my colleague
to the speech of Mr. Nelson. He has read it,
has commented on it, and I desire him to say
whether ho indorses it or not? I do not wish to
place him in any false position, but I do desire to
know whether any of the Democratic members of
this House from the State of Tennessee stand in
antagonism with my colleague, [Mr. Nelson,] on
the question of the preservation of this Union.
Mr. AVERY. In a very few words I can state
my position. I said, the other day, in a word or
two I submitted to this House, th.it I came from
a State, and represented m part a people, who
wore loyal, and ever have been loyal, and devoted
to this Union. I said that they were also devoted
to the Constitution under which this Union was
formed. I said further, however, that whenever
the compacts which were guarantied to my people
and to your people under the Constitution were
violated, this Union was then no longer a bless-
ing, but a curse. That is what I said, and what
I say now. [Applause on the Democratic side,
and in the galleries.]
Mr. HATTON. But still I have no response
to the interrogatory kindly submitted to my col-
league as to whether he indorses or repudiates the
speech of Mr. Nelson.
Mr. AVERY. If my distinguished colleague
[Mr. Nelson] differs with me in the sentiments
[ have just uttered, then I disagree with him, and
if he is with me in those sentiments, I am with
him.
Mr. HATTON. Still, that is not a response.
I submit it to the fairness of my colleague.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Docs the gentleman in-
dorse the spcech made by his colleague, [Mr.
Avery,] or not?
Mr. AVERY. I thank the gentleman from
Mississippi.
Mr. HATTON. 141 think there be six Rich-
monds in the field." [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. AVERY. You appealetfto the whole Dem-
ocratic party as well as my colleague, whether
or not they indorsed the speech of Mr. Nelson,
and how they stood upon the Union question.
Mr.BARKSDALE. I ask my fnendfromTen-
nessee again, whether he indorses or repudiates
the remarks made by his colleague? If the Con-
stitution should be violated and trampled in the
dust by the North, would the Union then be a
blessing or a curse?
Mr. llATTON. I reply with pleasure. The
question does not, to me, present the slightest em-
barrassment. Whenever, by the reckless fanati-
cism of the North—of the Republican party, or
any other party—the state of things contemplated
in the question of the gentleman shall be brought
upon our country, then there will be no Union to
love, and no Constitution to cherish. [Applause
m the galleries.] Then, sir, I will become a sec-
tional man; and I will pray to the God of battles
that these slender arms of mine shall be made
" Hardy as the Ncroean lion's nerve,"
that I may, if neccssary, strike for the protection
of the rights of Tennessee—of the South. [Re-
newed applause.]
Mr. LEAKE, of Virginia. I want to ask my
friend who shall judge of the rights of the States,
the infraction of them, and the remedies for that
infraction >
Mr. HATTON. I could not hear all the gen-
tleman from Virginia has said, but suppose I have
understood enough to get his point. There is a
coordinate branch of this Government—the Su-
preme Court—one of the special offices of which
is to pass upon the constitutionality of all con-
gressional enactments. Whenever a law has been
enacted that seriously intrenches upon the rights
of my section, that44 tramples upon rights" cer-
tainly given it under the Constitution, and the
courts fail or refuse to interpose for our protection,
or interposing, prove unable to furnish a shield to
us, and the wrong is persisted int then the Consti-
tution and the Union shall have, I repeat, ceased to
exist; the machinery of the Government will then
have simply destroyed itself.
Mr. HILL. Do I understand my friend to say
that upon any infraction of the Constitution, any-
where, the extremity is to take place that he an-
nounces ?
Mr. HATTON. I did not say that.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee, entertaining the views ho has just ex-
pressed here, why does he not join us, tlie Dem-
ocratic party upon this floor, in resisting the
aggressions of the other side of this House ?
Mr. HATTON. Have I not stood side by side
with southern men in voting against the Repub-
lican party since this House commenced its ses-
sion? I will continue to stand in opposition to
that party so long as it may deny to my section
what I regard as its essential rights under the
Constitution. In my canvass m Tennessee I told
my competitor that if he would name to me a man
whose position upon the subject of slavery was
higher than my own, I would abandon the can-
vass and give him a clear track.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman
whether, since the commencement of this session,
he has cast a vote for any man upon this side of
the House.
Mr. HATTON. I have not cast a vote since
the opening of the session for any one except a
member of my own party. That is plain.
Mr. LEAKE. Do you ever mean to do it?
Mi. flATTON. There has been no time when
my vote would have elected any member of the
Democratic party; but I submit j( to gentleman i
that there has been a time when the rotes of his party y
that stands here claiming to be par excellence the
defender of the rights of the South, would have
secured a triumph over Mr. Sherman and elected
a true southern mVm. [Applause m the galleries.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. A southern man accept-
able to a portion of the Black Republican party
upon this floor.
Mr. HATTON. My distinguished friend from
Mississippi, so far from denying the correctness
of the announcement I made, has said himself
that they could have elected our man; but that he
would have been a man for whom some northern
votes had been cast. If this, to him, is a satis-
factory ground of action, I have no right to com-
plain; but I imagine that the country from which
1 come would notbc satisfied with such reasoning.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say, that so
far as I am concerned, I will not vote for Mr.
Gilmer. I have not voted for him, and I do«not
intend to vote for him. My reasons are satis-
factory to myself. I have not thought proper here-
tofore to give them; but, if I shall be successful
in obtaining the floor when the gentleman from
Tennessee has concluded his speech, I will give
the reasons why I have not voted for Mr. Gil-
mer, and why I will never vote for him.
Mr. HATtON. I will now proceed with my
argument, not attempting to anticipate the gentle-
man from Mississippi in any reasons he may
present to the House when I am done. I asked
my colleague, [Mr. Wright,] what was the par-
ticular feature in what he styles the status of Mr.
Gilmer, that he feltexcusedfornotvoting for him?
I received no response. I stated, that so far as my
information extended, it consisted simply in hav-
ing voted against the admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution. Yes, sir,
" The very head and front of his offending,
Haih this extent, no more
Mr. LEAKE. Will my friend permit me to
correct him ?
Mr. HATTON. I cannot. I have already
consumed much more time than X intended; but
for such frequent interruptions I would have been
done long since. Mr. Gilmer is a southern man,
reared in the South, and is a large slaveholder—
the largest, I am told, in this House. His entire
interest is in the South. Until he voted against
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, I understand that at home lie occu-
picd the position of an extreme southern man,
having been denounced at the North, in public
placards, for having, a few years ago, prosecuted
certain Abolitionists and driven them out by force
from the limits of his State. Now, I know it is
very difficult for the little party to which I belong
to find a man free from objection upon this ques-
tion of slavery, the Democratic party being judges.
According to their declarations, Harrison was an
Abolitionist; Mr. Clay, " the great commoner"
of America, was an Abolitionist, they said. Yes,
sir, that noble spirit, in whom were rarely blended
all those high qualities of head and heart that
endear a man to a generous people, was charged
upon the stump in Tennessee as being an Abo-
litionist. Now that he is dead, " when treason
has done its worst on him," they ri%'al each other
ui the extravagance of their eulogiums upon him.
" Their tears arc the tears of the crocodile." Yes,
sir; they now praise him. In life,
u You did not so, when your vile daggers
Hacked one another in his sides.5'
Mr. AVERY. Mr. Clay said, that whenever
ihe party to which he belonged became a misera-
ble sectional party, he would renounce it forever,
and unite with that party, he cared not what its
name was, that stood by the Constitution and the
Union, and repelled all aggression upon southern
rights. Will my colleague do that ? Why does
not my colleague do that?
Mr. HATTON. I hope my colleague will make
himself just as comfortable as possible under the
circumstances. I have no desire to distress him.
[Laughter.] Now, Mr. Clerk, I said Mr. Clay
was charged with abolitionism. General Taylor,
who had a sugar plantation in Louisiana, and
owned one hundred slaves, was, according to the
Democratic party, not to be trusted when south-
ern rights are concerned. In 1852, General Scott,
who had headed our troops upon a hundred fields,
whose deeds of arms had given to the soldier of
America immortality, the son of Virginia, was
charged with being an Abolitionist. In 1856, Mr.
Fillmore, who, ns" President of these States, had
so worthily demeaned himself in his high office
as to bring upon him the encomiums of men of
every section and of all parties, was denounced as
an Abolitionist. And, to-day, when my honorable
friend, Mr. Gilmer, is presented to this House as
a candidate for the Speakership, his integrity to
the South is to have suspicion cast on it, because
certain gentlemen from the North have chosen to
cast their votes for him.
I repeat what I before said, that the party to
which I belong have expressed the opinion in their
resolutions that a war of words upon the slavery-
question, upon this floor, can do 110 good. We
have 110 disposition to engage in it. When hire-
ling scribblers from the North, demagogues of that
section, choose to indulge in billingsgate upon me,
