2408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
with sundry amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
- Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate that he did, on the 25th
instant, approve and sign a bill and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 60) for the relief of Ann Scott;
and
A resolution (S. No. 28) for the relief of A. M.
Pridley, late agent for the Winnebago Indians.
Also, that the Senate had ordered the printing
of certain documents.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill, just
returned from the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. James Buchanan, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had, on the 26tn instant, approved and signed
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 4) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending30th June, 1861, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 239) for the relief of George
F. Brott;
An act (H. R. No. 639) to settle the titles to
certain lands set apart for the use of certain half-
bread Kansas Indians, in Kansas Territory; and
An act (H. R. No. 706) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States, in conjuction with the
State of California, to run and mark the boundary
lines between the Territories of the United States
and the State of California.
PACIFIC RAILROAD—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of the special order, being
House bill No. 646, to secure contracts and make
provision for the safe, certain, and more speedy
transportation, by railroad, of mails, troops, mu-
nitions of war, military and naval stores, between
the Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and
for other purposes; the questionbeingon Mr. Rea-
gan's amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the bill now under consideration; but as
there are two amendments already ponding, I ask
my friend from Texas to withdraw his amend-
ment, returning to me the courtesy which I ex-
tended to him last week.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri is to perfect
the original first section of the bill. My amend-
ment is a substitute for that section. Ills amend-
ment relates to the route,mine to another subject;
and I have no objection to withdraw my amend-
ment till his be acted upon, and then I will offer
mine again.
Mr. CURTIS. I should prefer to have a vote
on this question first.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose, in the event of the
gentleman from Texas withdrawing his amend-
ment, to submit the amendment which I indicated
last week, namely, to strike out the words, " and
in the vicinity of Great Salt Lake." I desire to
have a vote taken on it. When that amendment
shall have been disposed of, the'gentleman from
Texas can renew his amendment. Unless some
gentleman may desire to speak on my amend-
ment, I will move the previous question on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Texas withdraws his amend-
ment to the end that the gentleman from Missouri
shall offer his. Is that so ?
Mr. CURTIS. Why not dispose of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas now ?
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Texas is in the nature a substitute
for the first section of the bill. My amendment
is to perfect the section as it now stands, and that
is the reason why it should be voted on first.
Mr. REAGAN. My amendment adopts the
precise language of the bill of the committee in
respect to the route. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri will apply as well to my
amendment as to the bill; so I suppose it is a
matter of little consequence whether X withdraw
my amendment or not.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to say that I have an
amendment precisely in the same condition as that
of my colleague, and if this thing is to be done, I
shall claim the same privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. My amendment is to strike
out in thefirst sectionofthc bill the words,"and
by the vicinity of Great Salt Lake." I gave the
gentleman from Texas the privilege of offering
his amendment on Thursday by withdrawing
mine, and I hope he will extend the same cour-
tesy to me now.
Mr. REAGAN. Let my amendment be voted
on, and then the gentleman can offer his.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to
know one thing as a matter of proceeding.
Mr. REAGAN. As the gentleman from Mis-
souri thinks it important to get his amendment
in, I will, with the conscnt of the House, with-
draw my amendment until his has been acted on,
if it is understood that I can put it back, and have
it voted on.
Mr. FARNSWf)RTH. I object to that, if it
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS. It does not require unanimous
con son t
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Texas
having withdrawn his amendment, the gentleman
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out the w ords
" and by the vicinity of the Great Salt Lake.''
Mr.SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. We are endeavoring now to get on with
the same liberality and in conformity with the same
practices which govern in the Committee of the
Whole on the statu of the Union, as I understand
it. If that be so, then, if there be a proposition
to amend the first scction at a point prior to that
to which the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri applies, that amendment is entitled to
priority, as 1 understand it. 1 think it is very
manifest already that it is impossible for us.to get
along in this way. Now, 1 propose an amend-
ment which is prior in point of position in the
text of the first section to that proposed by the
gentleman from Missouri. If, then, we are to
proceed as was contemplated the other day, as
though we were in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, of course those that come
in at prior points in the scction must have priority
of that proposed by the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
amendment of the gentleman fromMissouri to be
now in order, and does not think that the gentle-
man from Virginia will be deprived of an oppor-
tunity of offering ins amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, this question of
the construction of a railroad to the Pacific is one
which has agitated the public mind for many
y<!ars past. Every political party in the United
States whiclftuis expressed an opinion upon that
subject—and I believe that all have now expressed
then* opinions upon it—has declared that it is in
favor of the speedy construction of a railroad to
the Pacific occan. The magnitude of the enter-
prise is such that it cannot be constructed except
by aid from the Government. I am one of those
who believe that, for the purpose of the defense
of our country, a road of this description is im-
portant, and absolutely nccessary; and not only
for its military defense, but also for the postal
service which it will render to our country.
It has been remarked by a distinguished gen-
tleman who is acquainted with the expenditures
of the Army, that in one single year, since we
have been engaged in prosecuting a campaign in
Utah, nearly ten million dollars could have been
savedjto the Government if we had had a railroad
constructed somewhere in the neighborhood of
the scene of those military operations. At this
very time we are engaged in an Indian war upon
the plains and in the Territory of New Mexico.
Settlements have been extended to the base of the
Rocky Mountains, and within the Rocky Mount-
tains. There is a large population now engaged
in the mines known as the Pike's Peak mines,
and the roads leading to those mines crossing our
prairies are covered with the wagons of emigrants
who are going to those mines. It is believed by
those who have examined into that question, that
those mines will prove to be as productive and as
rich as the mines in the State ot California. I am
aware, that from the time when the discovery of
gold was made at that point, many people have
Been disposed to believe that the accounts given
of the precious metals in that vicinity were exag-
gerated and delusive; and I partook somewhat of
that feeling. But desiring to inform myself upon
that subject, I sought information from the direct-
or of the Mint, who informs us that during the
last fiscal year, up to the 30th day of June last,
about four thousand dollars in bullion had been
presented at the Mint, which had b£en obtained
from the mines in the Territory of Kansas; and
yet, on the 31st of March last, more than half a
million of bullion had been deposited at theMint,
and at the assay office in the city of New York
for the purpose of coinage, which had been ob-
tained from the Rocky Mountain mines in Kan-
sas, and west of that Territory.
I merely advert to these facts to show that here
is mineral wealth—here are precious metals found
in great abundance, and these mines may yet
rival the mines of California. This gold region
extends from the vicinity of Long's Peak to
Pike's Peak and the Spanish Peaks, and to the
Placer mountain in the Territory of New Mexico.
It also extends westwardly from this line into the
Rocky Mountains and to the tributaries of the
Colorado of the West. The extent of this dis-
trict, north and south, is three hundred miles.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman where he gets his information as to the
half million received at the Mint for coinage from
Pike's Peak?
Mr. PHELPS. I obtain it from the director
of the Mint himself, in a letter addressed to me,
which I will read:
Mint of the United States,
Philadelphia, April 4, I860.
Dear Sm : I have received your lettci of the 3il instant.
The following is a statement of the amount of gold bullion
received from the Kansas gold region, to the 31st ultimo :
Amount received at—
Mint United State*, Philadelphia $290,815
Assay Office, New York-  206.291
Branch Mint, Dahlonega, Georgia  24,500
Total $521,606
I may state, for your information, that nearly the whole
of the above amount has been received since the 1st July
last, up to which time the deposits from that region
amounted to but $4,171.
Very respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,
JAMES HOSS SNOYVDBN,
Director of the Mint.
Hon. John S. Phelps,
Howe of Representatives, Washington city.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am the advocate of the con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific; I am the
advocatc of the Government granting aid for the
construction of that great work; but I am also an
advocate of aid to one road only. The other day
a gentleman who addressed the House referred
to the several lines of road proposed, and to tho
several surveys which have been made, and he
well characterized the extreme northern route and
the extreme southern route as routes which would
not accommodate the centers of commerce, the
centers of population, and the centers of the mil-
itary operations of our country. I am, therefore,
in favor of a central route.
I desire, however, to give to those persons who
may be engaged in the construction of this road
the opportunity to select their route. 1 desire
those who may expend their own money, and
who may invest their own means in the construc-
tion of this magnificent work, to have the oppor-
tunity of selecting the line upon which they will
construct a road, so that they may adopt the least
expensive route.
The estimates which have been made of the cost
of construction of the Pacific railroad vary, accord-
ing to the location of the different routes, from
seventy million to something more than one hun-
dred and twenty million dollars. By the bill which
has been reported, in the opinion of the honorable
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Curtis,] it is
proposed that the Go vernment of the United States
shall aid to the extent of one half the cost of con-
struction. The estimated costof the road, by the
route indicated in the bill, is $120,000,000. Then,
if you expect Government aid to the extent of one
half the cost, and you are to depend on private cap-
ital for the other half, you must permit those who
are to furnish that other half of the capital to con-
struct it, to select the route which shall be the
most economical; which shall cost less than any
other, or else you will have to furnish greater in-
ducements for capitalists to invest their means in
an enterprise of this magnitude.
