22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Hfrra Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
The establishment of this river route on its pres-
ent basis was resisted by the Department as long
as was possible, from a thorough conviction that
it would involve a most deplorable waste of its
revenues. This conviction, however, was un-
heeded, and on the 5th of August, 1854, Congress,
by1 a mandatory act, obliged the Postmaster Gen-
eral to put it into operation, irrespective of its
product, and irrespective of the absence of those
postal wants which the act professed to supply.
The result has fully realized the anticipations and
predictions of the Depiartment. Since the passage
of the act referred to, more than thirteen hundred
thousand dollars have been expended in the trans-
portation of these river mails, with a return so
slight as scarcely to justify the designation of the
expenditure as postal in its character. For a
time, it is true that the route possessed some im-
portance, because of the through mails which
passed over it; but, from the completion of va-
rious railroads, these through mails are now con-
veyed by land, and in consequence the river route
has become essentially local, and supplies only
the small offices along the banks of the Missis-
sippi. All the large towns are or will be supplied
in advance by lateral mails carried on the rail-
roads. It is believed that the service could be
performed for one fourth of the sum which it now
costs, were the Department permitted to contract
for it by the trip. A reduction amounting to
#47,213 has been made above the mouth of the
Ohio, and were a corresponding reduction made
between Cairo and New Orleans, the expenditure
would be still greater than the revenue from the
route would justify. The terms of the act, how-
ever, do not seem to contemplate such a curtail-
ment as the altered capabilities of the service now
imperatively demand. The matter is referred to
as an illustration of the disastrous consequences
which must follow from a course of legislation
that takes from this Department all discretion,
and constrains it to enter into engagements which
place the mail service beyond the reach of that
wholesome revisory power which sound policy
requires shall be constantly exercised in adjusting
its operations to the ever-recurring vicissitudes to
which it is exposed. Believing that this route,
whiio continued on its present footing as to com-
pensation, falls clearly within the category of non-
postal, I respectfully suggest the propriety of
placing it, less its earnings, on the public Treas-
ury. The enormous amount annually drawn by
it from the postal revenues is, in effect, and was
probably intended to be, but a subsidy in aid of
southwestern commcree, which, if needed, and
the nation is willing to bestow it, should unques-
tionably bo contributed from the national funds.
PACIFIC MAH.S.
On taking charge of this Department, I found
established, and in full operation, six different
routes for conveying the mails to and from Cali-
fornia, and our other Pacific possessions, viz:
Annual Annual
cost. receipts.
J. From New fork and New
Orleans, via Panama, to San
Franciseo, semi-monthly.. .$738,250 00 §299,972 69
3. From New Orleans to San
Francisco via Tehuantcpec,
semi-monthly  250,000 00 5,276 68
3. From San Antonio,via El Fa?o,
to San Diego, semi-monthly,
(weekly from San Antonio to
El Paao and Fort Yuma).... 196,448 00
601 00
27,239 04
4. From St. Louis and Memphis,
vlaElPaso, toSan Francisco, 600,000 00
8. From Kansas, Missouri, to
Stockton, California, month-
ly  79,999 00 1,2m 00
6. From St. Joseph's, Missouri,
via Utah City, to I'lacerville,
weekly service  320,000 00 5,412 03
The gross annual disbursements for these six
routes were thus $2,184,697, and the receipts from
them but §339,747 66, showing a loss to the De-
partment of $1,844,949 66 per annum.
The expenditures fdr local mail service in the
States of California and Oregon, and in Utah and
Washington Territories, during the past year,
amounted to $508,697 13, which, being added to
the cost of the routes named, gives a total of
$2,693,394 13. The population supplied by this
enormous outlay does not exceed six hundred
and fifty thousand souls; thus exhibiting a postal
expenditure of about $4 14 for each person, in-
cluding all ages and conditions. The remaining
$12,271)099 20 of thegross annual disbursements
of the Department furnish postal facilities for
thirty millions of people, being in the proportion
ofless than forty-one cents for each person. Were
the inhabitants of the country east of the Rocky
Mountains served by the Department at the same
rate of expenditure with those on the west, it
would require annually $126,893,394 for its sup-
port, instead of the $14,964,493 33 now actually
expended by it. It was apparent that the whole
field of postal operations offered no point more
urgently calling for curtailment than these Pacific
routes, and hence the action in reference to them,
deemed appropriate, was taken without delay, a
detailed account of which is subjoined.
NEW YORK, NEW ORLEANS, AND CALIFORNIA MAILS.
The contracts for these mails, via the Isthmus
of Panama, expiring on the 30th September, 1859,
and not being willing to extend them, because of
the exorbitant compensation exacted, I invited
proposals for their transportation for nine months
only, in order that Congress, which has so con-
stantly supervised this service, might have an
opportunity of placing it on such basis as should
be agreeable to it. The result has been the con-
clusion of an engagement with Cornelius Vander-
bilt, who has stipulated for the conveyancc of the
mails, for the period named, at $37,500, forthose
to and from New York, and $150,000 for those
to and from New Orleans—to which being added
the railroad charges, amounting to $75,000, the
aggregate cost will be $262,500, or, with the sal-
ary of the mail messengers added, at the rate of
$351,000 per annum, and showing an annual gain,
as compared with the preexisting contracts, of
$387,250.
The amount paid for the New Orleans service
is very liberal, but it has been submitted to cheer-
fully by the Department, because of the earnest
desire felt to place that commercial emporium of
the South in as direct communication as possible
with the Pacific. The contractor has also obliged
himself to transfer these mails to the Nicaraguan
route at the earliest moment practicable, and from
his high character and indomitable energy, con-
nected with the vast capital which he wields, no
doubt is entertained but that the pledge thus given
will be promptly and faithfully redeemed. This,
by avoiding the onerous Panama railroad tariff,
will still further reduce the expenses of transpor-
tation $50,000, and will establish on an enduring
footing a great national thoroughfare, the open-
ing of which has been and is an object of uni-
versal solicitude. The journey to our Pacific
States and Territories will thus be shortened by
some 700 miles, and permanence given to a route
which must be the successful rival of that via
Panama, and which, at present, is alone capable
of affording adequate protection against those ex-
actions of the Panama Railroad and Pacific Steam-
ship Companies, which the judgment of the public
has long since pronounccd unreasonable and op-
pressive. This route, being treated as not strictly
postal, has been heretofore charged on the Treas-
ury, except the $100,000 paid by the Department
to the Panama railroad for the transit routes across
the Isthmus; the compensation st ipnlated for under
the present contract is, however, payable out of
the revenues of the Department. Provision should
be made for the support of this service from the
Treasury, less the actual earnings of the route.
TEIIUANTEPEC ROUTE.
The value of this route is very clearly expressed
in its receipts of $5,276 68, and its annual expend-
iture of $250,000. In its present condition it is
comparatively useless, alike for purposes of travel
and postal communication. The land portion of
the transit across the Isthmus—being upwards of
a hundred miles in length—consists of an unpaved
and imperfectly graded road, passing over a pre-
cipitous mountain, and barely practicable for
wheeled vehicles, and in consequence a mail made
up of a few light sacks is all that the contractors
have carried, and all, it is presumed, that they
have been able to carry since the commencement
of the service. The Department was asked to
continue the conveyance of the mails viaTehuan-
tepec to Vcntosaonly, at an annual compensation
of $280,000, which was the rate proposed by the
late contractors; but for the extension of the ser-
vice to San Francisco, at the rate of $560,000 was
demanded. This, added to the $150,000 paid for
the New Orleans mails by way of Panama or
Nicaragua, would make a total of $710,000 ex-
pended for the Pacific mails alone from that single
city, and with a revenue therefrom not exceeding
$9,435 98. This proposal was not accepted be-
cause of the extravagance of the compensation
claimed, in view of the amount of postal service, -
which, in the actual state of the road, it is possi-
ble to perform, and because with the regular and
rapid communication which New Orleans now
enjoys with the Pacific through the contract with
Cornelius Vanderbilt, this service is unnecessary.
That the mail from San Francisco, passing over
this road, would be a few days in advance of that
by Panama and Havana, in its arrival at New Or-
leans, is admitted, but this difference will be re-
duced one half by the direct service between New
Orleans and the Isthmus, provided for in the Van-
derbilt contract. So slight an advantage as this
in point of time, gained by so small a mail, would
be too dearly purchased at the price named. Were
the Gulf ana the Pacific connected at this point by
a railroad—which is projected—no doubt this
route would become a favorite thoroughfare both
for travel and the mails, and, in the judgment of
many, there arc political and commercial consid-
erations which would justify the Government of
the United States in assisting the company own-
ing the right of way to construct such a road.
Should this lie the view of Congress, then such
appropriation should be frankly made from the
public Treasury, and not taken from the postal
revenues under the guise of payment for a ser-
vice not needed, and which is unproductive and
unavailable to the Department.
SAN ANTONIO AND SAN DIEGO MAILS.
This semi-monthly was, on the 29th day of
October, 1858, improved to a weekly service be-
tween San Antonio and El Paso, and El Paso awl
Fort Yuma, and the compensation was fixed at
$196,000. The product of the route during the
past year, as already shown, was but $601—Jos*
to the Department at the rate of $195,399 per an-
num. With this conclusive indication of its want
of importance and value for postal purposes, 1 di-
rected that the service should, on the 1st of July
last, be put on its original footing of a semi-
monthly mail, and reduced the allowance to the
contractors to $120,000. Whatever objects, polit- "
ical or otherwise, may have been contemplated by
the Government in establishing this route through
an almost unbroken wilderness and desert, it i:;
clear that its continuance at the present rate of
compensation is an injustice to the Department.
It may be convenient for the very few passengers
that, pass between Texas and San Diego; but as
a mail accommodation it is not required in the
direction of the Pacific, since the people of Texas
have already secured to them a regular postal com-
munication with that coast through New Orleans,
and also by the great overland mail. But it would
he better that this mail—one of the lightest known
to the Department — should be sent even by the
way of New York, to California, than that the
correspondence of the whole country should be
oppressed by this enormous exaction for the ben-
efit of a few contractors.
GREAT OVERLAND MAIL.
The servicc upon this extended route has been'
performed with groat regularity, and generally
within schedule time; but the contract has proved
one of the heaviest burdens to which the Depart-
ment has ever been subjected. With an expenditure
at the rate of $600,000 per annum, the postages
received in return have not amounted to more
than $27,229 94, so that after making allowance
for such increase as may be anticipated, the De-
partment, at the expiration of the six years for
which the contract was entered into, will have lost
from this route alone more than throe million dol-
lars. Peeling; anxious to relieve, in some decree,
the postal revenues from this exhausting drain, 1
proposed a reduction of the semi-weekly to a
weekly servicc, which would have resulted in an
annual saving-, as compared with the present out-
lay, of §150,000. On referring the question, how-
ever, to the Attorney General, he determined that
in consequence of the customary clause,givingthe
Postmaster General revisory power over alt mail
