1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By many intelligent gentlemen it is considered
very doubtful whether the investment of money
in the construction of a Pacific railroad will be
remunerative to the capitalist, even when the Gov-
ernment shall aid in the enterprise to the extent
of one half of its cost. If it was deemed a profit-
able investment, we would have proposals pre-
sented to us'for its construction by the capitalists
of the country. No such proposals have been
made to us, indicating a willingness on the part of
capitalists to invest their money in this work.
The surveys which have been made of these
several routes have been made for the purpose of
demonstrating their practicability, rather than in
view of establishing or fixing any particular line.
These surveys are preliminary surveys, not con-
struction surveys. But these engineers have de-
termined, and they have reported it as their opin-
ion, that the construction of a railroad over these
several routes is possible and practicable, and
that the only difference between them is in con-
nection with the question of economy.
Now, sir, I am in favor of a road which shall
commence at St. Louis and Memphis, which shall
converge and meet in the valley of the Arkansas
river, or on its tributaries, and shall then proceed
up the valley of the Canadian river, crossing the
Rin Grande in the vicinity of Albuquerque; thence
to the Colorado of the West, and crossing that
stream in the vicinity of Port Mohave; and thence
by the Tay-ay-che-pa Pass, at the junction of the
Sierra Nevada and Coast Range mountains, in
California, to the city or bay of San Francisco.
This is the shortest line from the city of St. Louis
to San Francisco, and its estimated cost is less
than by any other route between those poinls.
That is the line which I prefer, and which I ad-
vocate.
Mr. FA RNS WORTH. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Missouri that lie point out
the route he prefers on the map.
Mr. PHELPS. The question before the House
is the amendment which I have submitted to the
bill as reported by the committee; and I intend to
confine myself to that amendment, instead of en-
gaging in a general discussion of the merits of
particular routes. I have mutely referred to this
particular route for the purpose of setting myself
right. It is, as 1 have said, the route which I
would prefer for several reasons. I prefer it, be-
cause upon that route there is more arable land,
more tillable land, more land that can be reduccd
to cultivation, and less desert or barren, than upon
any other route. The lands on this route can and
will support a larger population than on any other
route—an important consideration, when you re-
gard way fieights and way tiavel.
It has been remarked in debate, by the chairman
of the committee, that there is very little arable
land, west of the one hundredth mendian of longi-
tude, on any of the routes over which surveys have
been made. In this respect the route I have men-
tioned is an exception. For agieat portion of the
distance, the route lies along the valleys of rivers;
and there are more arable lands, more good water,
and more timber, than can be found upon any other
route. It runs through a country which will in-
vite a larger settlement along the route than any
other which has been proposed across the conti-
nent. That is the opinion of the engineer who
made the survey; and that is the opinion of those
officers of the Government who have traveled
upon this route, and who have been engaged in
making an emigrant road on this line.
But in the bill before us there is an attempt to
limit the line without regard to economical advant-
ages, which would be secured by the selection of
other routes, first by providing that the branches
which it is proposed to construct shall commence
on the western lines of Iowa and Missouri, and shall
converge at a point on the main trunk within two
hundred miles of the Missouri river. Having fixed
this limitation for the eastern terminus, the west-
ern terminus is the bay of San Francisco, or on
the navigable waters of the Scramento river. The
head of navigation of this river is Sacramento city.
Gentlemen of experience, from California, inform
us there is no available navigation of the Sacra-
mento river above Sacramento city. Others in-
form us that in extreme high water it is navigable
as high up as Fort Reading; but that so far as the
navigation of that river in low water is concerned,
it cannot be considered as navigable above fifty
miles beyond Sacramento city; so that notwith-
standing what is said in the bill about the naviga-
ble waters of the Sacramento, the provision virtu-
ally is that the western terminus of the road shall
be the bay of San Francisco, or within one hun-
dred miles of it.
Having now indicated two or three of the re-
strictions placed in the bill, to compel the adop-
tion of a particular line, I proceed to mention one
or two otner features of the bill which have the
same object in view. This grant is to be made
to the persons whose names are mentioned in the
bill. The greater part of these persons, I am in-
formed, are connected with railroads in the north-
western or northern States. But few of the pro-
posed granteeslivein thesouthern orsouthwestern
States, orarcintcrcstcd in railroads in these States.
These grantees will desire to adopt such line of
road as will draw business to the roads in which
they are interested. Rival interests in the States
eastwardly*of the terminus may be advanced or
depressed by the line of road the grantees may
adopt and the connections they may make with
roads already in operation. But this bill further
limits the designation of the route by declar-
ing that it shall go in the vicinity of great Salt
Lake.
And here let me refer to the argument which
lias been used in this connection outside this Hall,
and which maybe used in this debate. It is, that
the expression "vicinityofGreatSalt-LakeCity"
means anywhere within one hundredor one hun-
dred and fifty miles of that locality. Sir, I deny
that that interpretation can be given to the ex-
pression used by the committee in the bill. You
can give it no other than a legal interpretation;
and no,such interpretation can be givei{the word
" vicinity," if taken as a legal expression. On
tlje contrary, if this company should undertake
to give the language sucli a construction, they
would be held to be guilty of a gross and palpa-
ble violation of the provisions of this bill.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 do not wish to interrupt the
gentleman from Missouri; but I desire to ask
this question: suppose I were to speak of an
event occurring withm the vicinity of the north
pole: would not a locality within three hundred
miles of that point be regarded as within the vi-
cinity of the north pole?
Mr. PHELPS. I am not speaking of the com-
mon signification of the expression. It maybe
that,in common parlance, three hundred miles dis-
tant from the north polo might be regarded as
within the vicinity; but this is language that is to
be subjected to judicial construction.
Mr.CURTIft. Well, I will ask the gentleman
whether within three hundred miles would not, m
legal parlance, be regarded as in the vicinity of the
noith pole?
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose, in the instance the
gentleman mentions, thiee hundred miles would
be in a nearer vicinity than any one ever reached.
But, Mr. Speaker, I submit that "the vicinity
of Great Salt Lake," as used in this bill, can-
not lie subjected to any such interpretation. I
now desire to refer to another route, not delin-
eated in the map before us. This line was sur-
veyed in part by Lieutenant Gunnison. It com-
menced at Kansas.
The route to which I refer was advocated by
a distinguished statesman of Missouri, now no
more. The survey was not made to the head of
the Arkansas river. The instruction given to the
officer making this survey was to proceed by way
of the Huerfano, a tributary of the Arkansas river,
and the passes of El Sangre de Cristo and Coo-
cha-to-pe,and thence to the bay of San Francisco.
Lieutenant Gunnison was killed whilst engaged
in making this survey. I am of opinion the route
over which he passed is not practicable. But to
the north of the line of his survey, I believe he
would have found a practicable pass through the
Rocky Mountains by following up the Arkansas
river to its head. But whether it be a practicable
route for a rail road, future explorations must make
known. This line has not been surveyed; the
barometer has not been applied to determine its
altitude, nor has there been anything done by the
Government to determine in any manner the prac-
ticability of the route; and yet it is proposed in
this bill to exclude that route altogether, even if
it shall be more economical. That this route will
better suit the inhabitants of the Pike's Peak gold
mines, an inspection of the map will show. If
you pass the bill with the provision in it that I
am contending against, the contractors are pre-
cluded from taking that or any other route unless
they will bend still further to the Northward, and
go m the vicinity of Salt Lake.
You may ask why this route was not surveyed?
A distinguished statesman of Missouri) Mr. Ben-
ton, now no more, was the advocate of the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad. At the time appro-
priations were made for Pacific railroad surveys,
he was in public life. Previous to that time he
had indicated the route which ho believed to be
feasible and practicable, and that was from Kan-
sas City to the Arkansas river, and following that
stream to the Huerfano river; thence to the pass
El Sangre de Cristo in the Rocky Mountains;
thence to the Coo-cha-to-pe pass, ana onward to the
city of San Francisco. The officer intrusted with
that survey was directed to follow that line. He
had, sir, no discretion to follow up the main chan-
nel of the Arkansas river.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. "Will the gentleman
from Missouri point out the portion of the section
which he proposes to strike out? I cannot find it-
Mr. CURTIS. It is in the tenth line.
Mr. PHELPS. The words I propose to strike
out arc not in the printed bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are in the writ-
ten bill, but they were left out in the printed bill
by mistake.
"Mr. PHELPS. The words "in the vicinity
of Great Salt Lake" were omitted in the printed
bill by mistake.
I was remarking, when interrupted, that the
officer of the Army I have referred to was, by the
order under which he was making the survey,
precluded from following up the Arkansas river
to its source. He was ordered to go to El Sangre
de Cristo, pass thence to the Coo-cha-to-pe pass
and San Francisco. If he had been permitted to
select the most feasible and practicable route, he
would have gone from St. Louis to the Arkansas
river, and followed that river up to where there are
now rich gold deposits, until he came into the
vicinity of the tributaries of the Colorado river,
where miners are now engaged in digging for the
precious metals.
I submit then, sir, to the advocates of this bill;
I submit to those who desire to give these privi-
leges to the contractors for the purpose of the con-
struction of a central road, whether it is fair, or
just, or right, to tic the contractors down to a
provision that they must run their road in the
vicinity of Salt Lake ? There are several routes
which are central, and any one of these will be
equally beneficial for Government purposes. I
desire to provide for one road only. I am willing
the contractors may select their route anywhere
between the thirty-fourth and forty-second paral-
lels of latitude. Capital will decide the question
of routes far better than legislation. Capital should
be permitted to take that central route which is
the shortest, and which, avoiding heavy grades,
will cost the smallest sum of money, ft is no
easy matter to raise fifty or sixty million dollars
to ic invested in a work of this description, and
therefore we ought not to impose on them unrea-
sonable restrictions. If the amendment I submit
shall be adopted, and the contractors shall find it
will cost less money to run the road near Great
Salt Lake, they will do so; but if they can find
a more economical route than that they ought to
be permitted to take it. It is the part of wisdom
to givo them the privilege for which I contend.
If the route via Salt Lake is the best, the contract-
ors will surely take it; if it is not the best route,
they ought not to be compelled to take it.
I appeal to the House whether it is not fair and
right to permit those who may be engaged in the
work to follow the better and cheaper road. It
is proposed in this bill to compel the contractors
to bear northward of a straight line drawn from
the city of San Francisco to the city of St. Louis.
S't. Louis is the center of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi river. There are two States lying to the
north and two to the south of the State of Mis-
souri. Hence a road starting from that State,
leading to San Franciscos is a central road. With
equal propriety and justice should a branch road
be, provided for from the State of Arkansas as
from the State of Iowa. St. Louis is on a central
route to California. It has a population of two
hundred thousand. There are but six^cities in
.the Union which exceed it in population. St.
Louis maybe considered central to all the point
