446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
the gentleman from New Jersey having the floor,
the gentleman from Virginia can do more than
state his point of order. I make that point of
order.
Mr. LEAKE. Points of order cannot be piled
up here m that way.
Mr. VANDEVER, I say that the gentleman
from New Jersey is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey is not entitled to the floor, and I am. I can
demonstrate it. The gentleman from New Jersey,
I understand, with the dignity and courtesy that
becomes a member of this House, docs not now
claim the floor. He had it upon the question
before the House, but I now have it upon my
question of order. He had the floor upon his
proposition of a plurality rule, and I now have it
on the point I have made, that the plurality rule
is not in order. We have the right to settle that
question preliminary to anything else. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey will not contend, I am
sure, that he can discuss his resolution until my
point of order is settled.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I wish to Mate, by the
permission of the gentleman from Virginia, if he
has the floor, what I understand the facts to be.
It was a part of my purpose to offer that resolu-
tion to the House, and to call the previous ques-
tion as soon as it was offered, ana I did call the
previous question.
Mr. RUST. Upon what did you call the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. PENNINGTON. Upon my resolution.
Mr. RUST. That is not before the House, and
before you can call the previous question upon it,
it must be before rhe House.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Let us understand this
thing. After I had finished the few remarks 1 had
to make, I said I had a resolution to offer. I read
it myself, and sent it to the Clerk. Then I called
for the previous question, when it was there or on
its way. Now, the gentlemai* says that Mr.
Washburn, of Maine, oi some other gentleman,
called upon me to call the previous question.
What they may have done, I cannot recollect;
but I say jt was in my mind to call the previous
question upon the resolution before it was offered
1 cannot, therefore, b^mistaken. Now, you, Mr.
Clerk, are to decide 'whether I am entitled to the
previous question or not. Then' ii stands, and
you are to decide it.
The CLERIC. The Clerk begs leave 
Mr. LEAKE. 1 am upon the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk requests the gentle-
man from Virginia to suspend until he answers
the question of the gentleman from New Jersey,
and that is whether he was not entitled to demand
the previous question upon his resolution? The
Clerk desires to state to the gentleman from New
Jersey that he had the right to offer his resolution
and demand the previous question upon it; but
t hat the point of order raised upon it by the gen-
tleman from Virginia will ha\e to beseuled before
the question can be taken upon his resolution.
Mr. LEAKE. The Cl.-rk is right.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 want to say to the Clerk,
if he is proposing to decide the point as to the
resolution being m order, whether the objection
had been made or not, that I want to make this
point of order 
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the gentleman from Alabama, that he is not
undertaking to make any decision abo«t it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wanted to call the atten-
tion of the Clerk to this point: that the first ob-
jection to this resolution is that it is not in order,
because other resolutions are pending previous to
it. And a motion to amend a motion to vote for
Speaker, by addiog to it a resolution, is unprece-
dented, and out of order. I do not de.siie to be
precluded, by any decision, from an opportunity
to make the point 1 intend to urge.
The CLERK. The Cleik will state to the
gentleman from Alabama that he has made no
decision upon the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that; but I
wish to call attention to the point T shall make.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Leake] made a
point of order upon the resolution, and is now
proposing to assign his reasons for making it.
Mr. LEAKE. I yield to nobody. I have said
up to this time, that I would yield to gentlemen
upon the other side, because f owe them courtesy.
I owe to my friends, of course, the same courtesy;
. but they know how to appreciate me if 1 do not
| desire to give the floor to them. Let them wait
1 until I am through with this discussion. I am
I not making a speech. I never made a regular
I speech in my life, I believe. I mean to give way
! to no one, unless you, Mr. Clerk, and the House
I decide that I am out of order, and that is always
in order.
; Now, there are two points. I understand the
j gentleman from New Jersey perfectly and com-
f pletely. He had that resolution read forinform-
I ation. He had no power and no right to get it
! before the House except for informotion, and that
j by way of argument. It was the only mode in
! which he could get it read from that desk. There
: were three propositions already pending; ay, sir,
! three—the proposition of my friend from Mis-
: souri, [Mr. Clark,j the substitute, as I said be-
; fore, of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
| Gilmer,] and then the proposition, I believe, of
! Mr. Beau Hickman [laughter] for the plurality
j rule. In that state of facts the gentleman fromNew
: Jersey gets up to make a speech, and he makes
j his speech, as good a one as nny gentleman on
j that side can make, and winds up by sending to
| your desk, Mr. Clerk, a resolution for the plu-
rality rule, or rather by reading it, and then, they
say, calling the previous question. And they say
that, because he called the previous question,
there is an end of the question.
Now, sir, suppose I offer a resolution at this
j very moment that the plurality rule is an uncon-
J stitutional rule, and I demand the previous ques-
' tion upon that, I put it to the distinguished gen-
i tleman from New Jersey how he could get over
; that? Mr. Speaker Onslow, the wisest of all the
i Speakers of thatbrilliantlegislative assembly, the
S English House of Commons, whose common law
; is the law undef which we are now acting, and
1 the wisest that human intelligence has yet in-
I vented, declared that it is more importantto have
| a lule to go by than what the rule itself is. We
have a rule, and two or three of them. Why, sir,
] the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
: called my attention to the decision of Mr. Speaker
1 Cobb,in the Thirty-First Congress. Now, I have
1 very great respect for the House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America, and for that
part of it of which I am a component very par-
' ticularly, but upon this point of parliamentary
i law, sir. they are far less reliable than the Eng-
, IjsIi House of Commons or the Virginia House
1 of Delegates. But even that precedent is dead
, against him; and I now call the attention of the
I gentleman from Pennsylvania to the argument
I upon his own point. What was it ? If I mistake
i the matter, let the gentleman correct me. A clerk
| had died—God forbid that the Clerk of this House
shall ever die; may he live a thousand yeaisand
i his shadow never grow less [laughter]—but I call
the attention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
i! to the point he makes upon me, and i throw it
j1 back upon him. What did Speaker Cobb decide?
! That pending a motion to elect a Clerk, no other
; motion was in order.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me to
i | correct him'
\\ Mr. LEAKE. Certainly.
| Mr. GROW. The first motion on that oeca-
j: sion was made by Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, to
rescind a previous order of the House, before a
S' motion was made to elect; and the Speaker de-
i cided that the House could not rescind that mo-
!' tion, because the first thing to be done was to elect
, a Clerk, and that took precedence over all other
! business.
■! Mr. LEAKE. That is right; that is the way
I stated it, and the way 1 want to state it—that
the only business m order was to elect a Speaker,
• (applying that to this case;) and that is the only
! business in order here. But I appeal to you, Mr.
Clerk, and 1 submit it to the true-mmded, honor-
■ able gentlemen upon that side, if the only thing
; m order is to elect a Speaker, how it can be m
j. order to prescribe a rule unknown to the Consti-
I tution and to the law of the land regulating the
'' manner of election. The gentleman from Maine
| [Mr. Washburn] undertook to make an argu-
i, ment, and addressed himself to the brute force of
,! gentlemen on that side. The only point in order,
II according to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
il [Mr. Grow,] is the election of a Speaker; and the
1I Constitution applies the rule to that. But the gen-
tleman from Maine says that the fact of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Pennington] call-
ing the previous question, puts an end to all other
questions, and that we must vote upon it. Now,
that is an argumentum ad hominem. I do not boast
of being a brave man, for I do not know whether
I am or not. I never carried a weapon m my life;
I never had but one street fight, and I got very
badly whipped in that' one; but I tell the gentle-
man that that is an argument which I cannot ap-
preciate, and I do not want to learn it. If the
other side of the House, in defiance of constitu-
tional law, can force down our throats arule which
we believe unconstitutional 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
gentleman misapprehends me. I understand, Mr.
Clerk, that it is an entirely constitutional way to
elect a Speaker by a plurality of votes. I have
no doubt about it. This House, by a majority
of votes, according to the argument of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, may procecd to elect a
Speaker one way or another: by voting viva voce,
or by ballot, or by declaring that a plurality of
votes will elect, or that a committee of the mem-
bers of the blouse may present the name of a man
as Speaker of the House. It is competent for a
majority to do that. That is a constitutional and
legal way for the House to proceed to electa pre-
siding officer. I have no doubt whatever about
it. Agreeing fully with the argument of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, I supposed that it was
strictly m order, as has been demonstrated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that this was the
only question in order; and I understood the
gentleman from Virginia himself [Mr. Leake] to
accede to the proposition that the only question
in order was, to proceed with the election of a
Speaker. That, then, being the only question in
order, it is also m order to proceed to the election
of a Speaker in any constitutional mode; in any
mode not m derogation of the Constitution. And
1 submit (and, indeed, it has been so decided by
the House heretofore, in two instances) that this
is a constitutional way of proceeding to elect a
Speaker, and that therefore the gentleman from
New Jersey was ri ht.
Messrs. MILES and CRAWFORD sought the
floor.
Mr. LEAKE. I said I would not give way;
but 1 yield to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr.* CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine whether, in the two instances
where the plurality rule was adopted,the House
did not afterwards pass resolutions declaring Mr.
Cobb in one instance, and Mr. Banks in the other,
duly elected Speaker of the House?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not know
how that was in the election of Mr. Cobb, but I
know that in the election of Mr. Banks, a reso-
lution of the character described by the gentleman
from Georgia was presented and passed by the
members of the House, on the giound thatatany
rate no harm could ensue from its passage, and
that it might satisfy some gentlemen to have a
resolution of that kind passed. But it was, at the-
same time, held by gentlemen on both sides of the
House, and by distinguished jjarliamenfarians on
the other side of the House, that there was no
sort of question as to the power of the House, by
a majority of votes, to decide m what manner the
election of a Speaker might be conducted.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I remember that, at the
time the election of Mr. Banks took place, gentle-
men voted for that resolution because they did not
think the election of a Speaker by a plurality vote
was a constitutional mode, and therefore they voted
for the resolution declaring him Speaker.
Mr. LEAKE, i now yield to the gentleman
from South Carolina.
Mr. MILES. I thank my friend from Virginia
for yielding to me. I certainly would not have
interrupted this discussion—which was, strictly
speaking, a discussion of a rule of order—had it
not been for the remarks last made by the gentle-
man from Maine as to the constitutionality of the
plurality rule. Now, as the gentleman fromNew
Jersey [Mr. Pennington] commented upon some
remarks which I let fall the other day, upon the
subject, I desired to reply to him, and I under-
stood the gentleman very courteously to indicate
that he was willing to yield to me for that pur-
pose; but in the meantime the point of order was
made, which took precedence over everything
else; and as long as the discussion was confined
