2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
eastward. It has railroad connections with the
northern, southern, and middle States. If it was
practicable to make a railroad on a straight line
leading from St. Louis to San Francisco, such a
line, I have no doubt, would be adopted, and the
road would be central. That route which will
deviate the least from the straight line between
the points I have mentioned will be the nearest
to a central route. The route known as the thirty-
fifth parallel route is not so far from this straight
line as is the forty-second, or even the forty-first
parallel route. These latter routes are denom-
inated central routes; and yet there are those who
desire to exclude the thirty-fifth parallel route,
•which is nearer to a central line, and assign as
their reason that it is not central.
Mr. Speaker, it was said the other day that there
was a necessity of passing through the Territory
of Utah, because there are forty thousand people
there. Yes, there are that number of inhabitants
there; but are they good and loyal citizens? Are
they people who submit to the laws ? Do mem-
bers expect that settlements will increase in that
Territory, except those of a population who en-
tertain the same religious opinions, and the same
dislike to this General Government with the pop-
ulation now there ? To expect any other inhab-
itants is preposterous and absurd. Every person
who enters that Territory, and who does not ac-
quiesce in the religious opinions of the Mormons,
and pretend to be their supporter, or at any rate
not an opponent of their religious views, if lie
remains there any length of time, is subjected to
petty annoyances and troubles until he is com-
pelled to leave the Territory. Many of the officers
of the General Government have been compelled
to leave in consequence of the various annoyances
to which they have been subjected; they could no
longer reside there; and, sir, when our'troops are
withdrawn, and I hope they speedily may be, it
will cease to be a place of importance. The pop-
ulation of that Territory will not increase. Its
rigorous climate, its barren and arid soil, will offer
no inducements to enterprising people to make
that Territory their abode.
It is said to be the line of travel to California.
Why the line of travel? The emigrant route, ex-
tending beyond Port Laramie to the Rocky Mount-
ains, and beyond, was made long before we ac-
quired California. The emigrants of 1841, 1842,
1843,1844—for there was m those years a large
emigration to Oregon—made the present trail far
beyond Fort Laramie. They were the men who
made it—they and the Indian traders. Itextends
upthePlatte river to Foit Laramie, from Foit Lar-
amie to Fort Hall, which was designed as a military
i)ost, but which is not mentioned upon the map
! have before me; and, sir, at Fort Hall tile emi-
grants were two hundred and fifty miles from Salt
Lake City. When we acquired California, and
it was known that there were valuable; gold mines
in its midst, emigration turned in that direction.
It was natural for those who designed going to
California to take that beaten track across the
continent for some nine liundrt d or one thousand
miles, where there were no white inhabitants,
where there were none but Indians; and when
they reachcd Fort Hall they were compelled to
make their road to the vicinity of Great Salt Lake,
down the Humboldt and Carson rivers to the
Sacramento. That is the reason the travel has
been continued on that road.
But travel has passed over other routes. It has
passed over the southern route, and over the route
of the thirty-fifth parallel. I have no doubt from
henceforward the route of the thirty-fifth parallel,
so soon as the Indians near Pike's Peak and on
the head waters of the Canadian and the Arkansas
rivers shall be subjugated, will be taken as the
great emigrant route. When the Navajoes to
the west of New Mexico are subjugated, it must
become the great emigrant route to California. It
has more grass, water, and timber for building
purposes and for fuel, than any other line across
the continent.
There is more arable land in the entire valley
of the Canadian river, from its mouth, at the Ar-
kansas, to its headwaters, than can be found in
the whole Territory of Utah. Along its whole
lino will be strewn settlements far more dense
than any settlements which can be made in that
Territory. You then come to the Territory of
New Mexico, where, at this time, is a population
of eighty or ninety thousand inhabitants, mostly
along the Rio Grande and its tributaries, from
Fort Garland, near the site of Fort Massachu-
setts, to El Paso, in Texas.
I ask, then, why should this provision be em-
braced in this bill? I ask whether it is not right
to strike it out ? The bill fixes the two termini
of the road, and designates the persons to whom
the grant shall be made; and if this provision is
stricken out, you do not deprive those incopora-
tors or grantees of the privilege of taking such a
route as tliey think proper any where between
the two termini.
Referring to the agricultural advantages of the
Territory of Utah, and contrasting them with
those of New Mexico, no comparison can be in-
stituted between them. The one is a sterile and
barren country, one in which the snow falls from
September to May, both months included. The
last information wo have had by pony express,
shows that on the 11th of May snow fell to a
depth of eleven or twelve inches at Camp Floyd.
And yet this is the country through which you
propose to coerce these men to construct their
road, instead of giving them an opportunity to go
further south, if they desire to do so.
I have indicatedmy intention—and it is the only
way in which we can get along with these amend-
ments—to call the previous question upon this
amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 hope my col-
league will allow me throe minutes to reply to his
argument, before he calls the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope no previous
question will be called, for I dcsiro to submit
some remarks.
Mr. PHELPS. Only upon this amendment;
and the motion will not preclude other amend-
ments fiom being offered.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. But I dcsiie to
speak to this amendment; and I will be very
brief, as I have only a few words to say. My col-
league, if he calls the previous question, will vio-
late a promise which he made when ho com-
menced speaking.
Mr. PHELPS. If my colleague would not
proceed quite so rapidly, he would find out what
I intend to do.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I heard what the
gentleman said; and heard him announce his in-
tention to call the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. And iny colleague interposed,
without permitting me to reply to his request, or
hear what I proposed to do.
Mr. CRA1G, of Missouri. I will hoar what
my colleague has to say.
Mr. PHKLPS. I propose to say to my col-
league that, if he will call the previous question
upon this amendment when he shall conclude his
remarks, so far as I am concerned, he shall have
the floor.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I do not like to
say that I will call the previous question, if other
gentlemen desire to speak upon the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. It is evident that my colleague
is not willing 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Well, I will call
the previous question, then.
Mr. TAYLOR. Now, before the gentleman
from Missouri proceeds, I wish to make one re-
mark. There are several members of the House
—and I am one of that number—who desire to
say something m reference to the general features
of this measure; and I was going to suggest
whether it would not be well to allow that general
discussion to be had before you take the question
upon this particular amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. When we took up the con-
sideration of this subject, the Chair assigned mo
the floor, and I submitted a second amendment,
which is the one no%v under consideration. Being
unable to speak at that time upon my amendment,
at the request of my friend from Texas [Mr.
Reagan] I withdrew it, that he might offer one
upon which he desired to speak. He did intro-
duce an amendment, and spoke to it; and this
morning, for the purpose of reciprocating the
favor I did him, he withdrew his amendment, and
I offered the one now under consideration. Under
such circumstances, I feel myself bound to en-
deavor to have a vote taken soon upon this pend-
ing proposition. When this amendment is dis-
posed of, other amendments will be in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will the gentleman from
Missouri yield me the floor a moment?
Mr. PHELPS. My colleague holds the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. I' desire to say to the gen-
tleman that the effect of his amendment obviously
will be to throw the construction of this road fur-
ther south, which, as a matter of course, lessens
the chance which the section of country wlii<jh I
represent has of getting a southern Pacific road.
And, in that view of the case, I hope the gentle-
man from Missouri will not press his amendment
to a vote until those who arc to be more particu-
larly affected by it shall have an opportunity to.
discuss it.
Mr. PHELPS. One word in reply to tlie're-
marks of the gentleman. I am in favor of but
one road to the Pacific, and 1 am in favor of giv-
ing to those who may be engaged in its construc-
tion as great latitude as possible in selecting the
shortest and cheapest line of road to San Fran-
cisco. Whether it will affect the interest of the
country represented by the gentleman fromTexas,
or whether it will affect the interest of the constitu-
ents of the gentleman from Oregon, is not a ques-
tion for my consideration. Nor will my amend-
ment preclude any amendments which they may
desire to propose. We have no other course to
pursue, except to dispose of these amendments
one by one; for but two amendments can be pend-
ing at the same time, and the gentleman from
Texas has one already pending.
Mr. HAMILTON. Of course I desire that
they shall be so disposed of; but I do not see any
propriety in calling the previous question, and
cutting off debate.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I did not intend to
say one word upon this amendment, and I am
not now prepared to make a specch, a fact which
may be obvious to eveiy member upon this floor.
I am determined to vote for a Pacific railroad bill
that shall start anywhere between the Gulf of
Mexico and the mouth of the Yellow Stone; but
I would be. glad to have the route as nearly a
ccntral one as possible. The remarks of my col-
league [Mr. Phelps] appear to me to make it
necessary that I shou.d make a few remarks in
opposition to the amendment proposed by him.
No gentleman here will put a higher price upon
the value of the services of my colleague upon
this floor than I do; and I know what they are
worth to his State and his constituents. He has
served his district here so long, and so faithfully,
that it has actually contracted his vision when a
subject that is as broad as the continent comes
before the House. I have heard it said in a jocu-
lar way, that if my friend had a friend who was
about to start to Heaven, he would want him to
start at St. Louis, and go through Springfield and
Albuquerque, to get there. [Laughter.] My
colleague thinks that the nearest route to any given
point on earth, or over it, or under it, is by way
of the thirty-fifth parallel, through Albuquerque.
[Laughter.]
My colleague undertakes to account for the
fact, that emigration has not heretofore chosen
the route which he has indicated, in a most sin-
gular manner. He knows, and every member
here knows, that the emigration to the Pacific,
amounting to sixty thousand people a year—men,
women, and children—takes the route which the
majority of the committee desire to have this rail-
road take. M y colleague knows, and every mem-
ber knows, that an emigrant does not find himself
wending his way to the gold fields of California,
or to the Pacific, on this thirty-fifth parallel route,
unless he has lost his way. [Laughter.] You
cannot find a stage-coach dragging its slow length
along on that route, unless you go back and find
a §600,000 subsidy to send it there. The instincts
of the people have taken them on the route indi-
cated in this bill; and I undertake to say now,
that more people now live on the first seven hun-
dred miles of the road indicated m this bill than
live all the way from the western boundary of
the State of Missouri to the city of San Francisco
on the route indicated by my colleague. There
are more American citizens now in the Pike's
Peak region — and our route is intended to run
through the heart of that region — than my col-
league can find on his entire route, from Missouri
to fiie suburbs of San Francisco. By our route
you supply a line of United States forts, and the
settlements on the way to Pike's Peak. And
notwithstanding my colleague would bar out the
Mormons, on account of their recent conduct,
I tell him that there will be there found many
