1859.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 6th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
expense thereof shall not exceed the revenue thence
arisingThis action on the part of Congress,
cotemporary as it was with the organization of
the Department, furnishes clear and conclusive
indication alike of the theory on which it rested,
and of the determination that its practical admin-
istration should conform thereto. In 1836 Con-
gress provided that the aggregate sum required
for the service of the Post Office Department in
each year shall he appropriated by law out of the
revenues of the Department." This is still the ex-
isting law, and a more emphatic declaratioi^hat
the self-supporting principle on which theDe-
partment had been previously conducted should
be continued, could not have been made. In
1790—the first year of the new Government in
which the financial stutus of the Department is
brought to our notice—its revenues exceeded its
disbursements by <£5,255. From that time up to
1838—with occasional and slight exceptions, oc-
curring at remote intervals—an excess of receipts
•was constantly exhibited. At the period last
named, in consequence of a too rapid expansion
o£ the service and the substitution of costly rail-
road transportation upon many of the old and
hitherto comparatively cheap routes, there was
manifested the first tendency to a permanent ex-
cess ofexpenditurc. This tendency, however, was
not decided, nor did it lead to any alarmmgresul ts.
The deficit was small, and during several of the
years intervening between 1838and 1846, was fully
recovered from. Afterwards came the acts of 1845
and 1851, whereby the rates of postage were re-
duced and the receipts of the Department, in con-
sequence, suddenly diminished upwards of two
million dollars per annum. Tiie introduction,
too, of the telegraph as a medium of social and
commeieial intercourse, began at this time m a
marked mannei to divcrtfrom the mails the public
and private correspondence of the country. This
diversion lias continued to enlarge until it may be
safely estimated that the annual loss to the De-
partment, from this source alone, cannot now be
less than one million dollars. Under the influ-
ence of this abrupt and rapid decline in its rev-
enues, and of the pressure of a course of leg-
islation which continued from year to year to
establish vast numbers of extended, costly, and
unproductive routes, added to the impoitunate
and incessant demand on the part of the country
for the improvcmcntas well as extension of postal
facilities, the Department was gradually led away
from the principle to which it &ad previously in-
flexibly adhered, so that in 1858 its expenditures
exceeded its receipts by §5,235,677 15. For the
year ending June 30, 1859, this exccss amounted
to $6,99b',009 26. This unfortunate condition of
.things has involved the Department in imputa-
tions of extravagance and mismanagement, as
disparaging as they have been undeserved. Its
present embarrassments, which have so crippled
its efficiency and clouded its reputation, are not
the fruit of its own voluntary action, but of a cur-
rent of events over which it has been unable to
exert the slightest control. All have deplored the
overburdened and sinking position in which ithas
been placed for the last few years, and the hope
and expectation have been universally chcrishcd
that an early and earnest endeavor would be made
to restore it to that basis of independence and honor
on which it was placcd by the founders of the
Government. The failure of the Post Office ap-
propriation bill at the last .session of Congress,
which thus left the Department charged with all
the labors and responsibilities of the postal^ ser-
vice, and yet denied it the use of its own earnings,
having given a still more decided impetus to its
downward fortunes, the occasion was deemed pro-
pitious for the inauguration, at least, of that work
of reform which the deliberate judgment of the
country demanded. The task was most arduous,
involving, as it did, a reconnoissance of 8,723 post
routes, and a careful scrutiny of every branch of
expenditure connected with the postal service.
It was most perplexing, too, because of the nice
discrimination to be exercised and of the obsti-
nate and clamorous opposition encountered at
every step from local and personal interests.
Under the guidance, however, of fixed principles,
it has, in the face of all criticism, been steadily
pursued to its completion. The act of 1825makes
it the duty of the Postmaster General to provide
for carrying the mails on the post routes estab-
lished by law, " as often as he, having regard to
the productiveness thereof and other circumstances,
shall think proper." The consideration thus
earlv announced by Congress for the government
of the Department has, in the reform attempted
during the last few months, been constantly con-
sulted and acquiesced in as furnishing the only
unerring rule of action. Unproductive routes,
where the terms of the contracts would permit,
have been curtailed, and those which were useless
have been unhesitatingly lopped off; all agencies
which could be dispensed with without detriment
to the service have been discontinued; and all
allowances for extra services, not imperatively
exacted from considerations of public justice, have
been suspended. In the discharge of this unpleas-
ant duty, it has been assumed that in all conflicts
between the public interests and those of individ-
uals and localities, the former should prevail; that
the expenditures upon a route should bear a )i\st
proportion to its postal value, and that in determ-
ining that value the amount of correspondence
conveyed upon the route, as indicated by its pro-
ducts, is the only unfailing criterion. To this
have been allowed, as obvious exceptions, the
trunk routes on which are transported heavy
through mails, and which, of course, have a value
beyond that evidenced by the receipts of the of-
fices which they directly supply. In curtailing
the extended and unproductive routes connecting
with the Pacific, and which were established by
Congress for the accomplishment of objects not
postal, it was not possible to make more than a
remote approximation to the principle which con-
trolled the reductions in other cases. The result
has been a retrenchment m the annual expendi-
ture for postal service of §1,826,471. This esti-
mate embraces the saving to the Government of
£637,250 from the new contract for the California
and ocean mails, in substitution of the preexisting
conirar-fa for the service by the way of Panama
and Tehuantepec. The retrenchment thus ef-
fected may be classcd under the following general
heads:
Curtailment in tiansportation, discontinuing joutes, and
making new contract for ocean service to Califor-
nia    .. $1,735,669
Discontinuance of special and route agents,
me^cnj^ii?, &c  77,430
Withdrawal of extra allowance to postmasters, 23,172
$] ,826,471
Reference is had to a tabular statement accom-
panying this report, in which the amount of the
retrenchments made in each State and Territory
is distinctly presented. It will be observed that
in but two of the States—South Carolina and
Florida—has the cost of the service been increased.
It was at the lowest point in these States, and in
consequence, on the occasion of the Jottings in
April last, this improvement,amounting to $5,633,
was allowed. Tne heaviest i eduction, $126,600,
, was made in Missouri, in which State the postal
| expenditures for the past year were §727,090 97,
s and the receipts but $227,Sb7 63—showingaloss
' of $499,214 34. The next Jaigest curtailment,
$94,621, was in Texas., in which, with a postal
icvenue of but $100,597 35, the outlay for the
service for the year ending the 30th of June, was
$723,380—exhibiting an excess of expenditure of
$622,783 09. In Louisiana the reduction was
$75,379—the excess of expenditure over receipts
having reached in that State, the past year,
$581,315 87.
The conclusion thus arrived at is the more grat-
ifying, because the curtailments have been spar-
ingly and most carefully made, and have, it is
believed, m no instance seriously impaired the effi-
ciency of the servicc. They have been made, too,
with a most scrupulous regard to the rights of the
parties under their contracts with the Department.
No ground at all doubtful has been occupied, and
no step taken which was not fully warranted by
law and by the express written engagements of
the parties conccrncd. Whatever actual loss,
therefore, may, in a f \v isolated cases, have been
suffered, no legal claim for indemnification exists,
and should any such be presented and allowed by
Congress, they should be paid from the public
Treasury. The contracts with the Department
provide, in express terms, for the curtailment of
the service whenever, in the judgment, of the
Postmaster General, the public interests shall de-
mand it; and, as this is a contingency' contem.-
plated by all such engagements, and to which
they are all exposed, when it arises, it furnishes
no just ground of complaint. If a contract shall,
for this cause, prove less remunerative than was
anticipated, it affords no reason why the Depart-
ment, which has kept its faith and exercised only
its acknowledged rights, should be held respons-
ible. If, therefore, Congress, in its discretion,
shah think proper to grant a further compensation
to such contractors, this Department may justly
insist that its own revenues shall not be burdened
by such congressional generosity.
Great as the relief which this retrenchment has
afforded to the finances of the Department, other
measures of justice to it must be adopted before it
can recover that character of independence which
it is entitled to assume and maintain. Prominent
among these measures is
ABOLITION OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
It is, of course, not intended to assert that the
correspondence of the Government should be
transmitted at the personal charge of its function-
aries, but only that the cost of conveying such
correspondence, when passing, through the mails,
should be defrayed from the national Treasury.
There is no more reason why the Post Office ;De-
partment, through its contractors, should perform
this service gratuitously for the Government,
than there is that the steamboats and railroad
companies of the country should transport its
troops, munitions of war, and stores, without
compensation. What shall be the character and
amount of written or printi d documents forwarded
on behalf of the Government, and under what
safeguards against abuse, are questions whose so-
lution belongs exclusively to Congress, and which
it is not my purpose at present to discuss. I de-
sire to maintain only the general proposition that
whether the written and printed matter be great
or small, if it be dispatched in tlie name and in
the interest of the Government, and by its agents
accredited for the purpose, it should be charged
with precisely the same rates of postage to which
it would have been subjected had it been for-
warded by private citizens. The franking privi-
lege, as accorded to various officers of the Gov-
ernment, was from the beginning, and still is, an
anomaly in the postal system, and in direct con-
flict with the true theory of its creation. Had
this Department, like the others, been placed as a
charge upon the Treasury, and were it essentially
a political instrumentality, and the property of
the nation, it would be as incongruous for it to
demand remuneration for its services to the Gov-
ernment as it would be for the Army and JNTayy
to do so; but this is not, and never has been,its
actual or theoretical status. Beyond its politi-
cal authority in establishing the Department, and
its revisory power over its administration, the
relations of the Government to it are precisely
those of the private citizen. This has been dis-
tinctly recognized in the several acts permanently
appropriating $700,000 per annum for the trans-
portation of "free matter." This is not, in the
language or spirit of the act of 1836, a provision
made for the support of the Department from its
own revenues, but is an appropriation from the
public Treasury, and is, in its terms, a specific
compensation for the transmission of the corre-
spondence and documents connected with the ad-
ministration of the Government, It is important
to be noted in this connection, becauso it must
rest on an admission of the soundness of the prin-
ciple insisted on, though in its amount it falls far
short of the logical result to which that principle
would lead. It is well known that the expenses
of the Department for transportation have rapidly
increased within the last ten years. In 1849 they
amounted to $2,577,407 71; but for the year end-
ing* the 30th of June, 1859, they reached the sum
of $9,478,457. This has been produced by the
enormous bulk and weight of the mails, which
are principally due to the vast quantity of heavy
books and printed documents sent under the Gov-
ernment frank. Mails which but recently weighed
