1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ut
strictly to that, I was willing to keep silent. But
now, as another question has been brought up—
prematurely, perhaps—I desire to say but a single
word.
I said the other day that, in my judgment, the
plurality rule was unconstitutional; because the
Constitution, providing for the organization of the
House, merely says ''the House shall procced tor
elect its officers." I conceive that the expression,
" House shall proceed,"means certainly the ma-
jority of the House. It certainly cannot mean a
portion of the House; but, while it means a ma-
jority of the House, and cannot therefore mean
but a portion of the House, it cannot, on the other
hand, bo argued by any fair implication, that it
should be the whole House, unanimously, as the
gentleman from New Jersey put it. The House
certainly means, therefore, a majority of the mem-
bers of the House assembled on the floor. Now,
I do not wish to go into any extended remarks.
I have only, therefore, this to say: that this is the
almost unanimous usage of Congress, and that
whenever a Speaker has been elected by the plu-
rality rule, it became necessary to adopt that rule
by special vote. Is it not, therefoie, obvious that,
in adopting that rule in advance of going into an
election, we are prescribing m advance a differ-
ent law by which an election is to be governed?
Suppose that the plurality rule is adopted; and
suppose that an election of Speaker is had under
that plurality rule, is it not perfectly well known
to every gentleman here that that would not con-
stitute a valid constitutional election of Speaker?
Why not? Because immediately after the elec-
tion, and before he could exercise any of the func-
tions of Speaker, there must be a resolution passed
by a majority of the House declaring the election
valid and legal. Let me ask gentlemen, as fair-
minded men, whether they think that indirection
like this is not, m common parlance, " whipping
the devil round the stump?" And how* can any
conscientious man vote against the plurality rule
on the ground that it is not constitutional, and yet,
afterwards, vote for a resolution declaring that
election constitutional and legal ? That is my argu-
ment on the subject.
Let me now only, in conclusion, say, that be-
lieving, as I do, honestly and conscientiously, as I
said the other day, that the plurality rule is un-
constitutional, I, for one, will oppose itto the end
of time, and I will do it, if neeu be, by resorting
to dilatory parliamentary motions. I would not,
under ordinary circumstances, resort to such dila-
tory motions for an indefinite period, in order to
defeat the passage of a law; but 1 consider these
to be extraordinary circumstances. I consider it
just as unconstitutional for the House to choose
its presiding officer by the plurality rule as it
would be for the House to pass an act of Congress
by a plurality rule; and who would admit such
action to bo constitutional?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. By the leave of
the gentleman from Virginia, I desire simply to
say I" before leaving the House, that I have paired
with Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylvania, to-day, for
the reason that since he came into the House, he
has received a letter announcing the death of his
brother. He did not desire to remain in the House,
and, to accommodate him, I have paired with him.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if he will yield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield to me.
Mr. LEAKE. I am obliged to yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, because he is 011 that
side of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have this single sugges-
tion to make: that this discussion can result in
no good, it is perfectly evident that no vote can
be taken upon the proposition submitted by the
gentleman from New Jersey, and it has been evi-
dent, for the last five weeks, that no vote can be
taken upon any proposition to which any consid-
^lderable number of members are opposed. I
Think it might as well be understood distinctly,
that according to the law under which we are act-
ing here, no vote can be taken upon the plurality
rule or upon any other proposition which can be
made in this House, until there shall be some-
thing approaching unanimity among the mem-
bers. All that is necessary to be done by those
opposed to the resolution now before the House,
or proposed to be brought before the House, is
to raise a question of order and to discuss that
question of order indefinitely, or any other ques-
tion. Therefore it is that the whole thing is not
worth anything, and we are keeping ourselves
here until this late hour of the day without its
being possible for any beneficial thing to result
from it. I therefore suggest that this discussion
is unprofitable. The only way 1 see in which the
plurality rule can be adopted, is either to meet it
straight, as a naked question, or to vote down the
previous question when it is proposed to resort
to a ballot, and then offer it as an amendment to
that proposition. It then comes up legitimately,
at any time when it shall be proposed to proceed
to a ballot; and I say distinctly that even then,
under these circumstances, it can be indefinitely
postponed, or battled off, or talked off.
Now, sir, regarding the matter in this light, and
it having been declared by numerous gentlemen
of (he Administration party in the House that
they have determined that this proposition shall
not be voted upon, I say that it is unnecessary for
us to remain here all night discussing that which
is utterly unprofitable; I move, therefore, that the
House do now adjourn.
A Member. You have not the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. HICKMAN. Of course I can only make
the motion with the consent of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I supposed that I had
the floor.
Mr. LEAKE. Well, Mr. Clerk, I should like
very much to know who is on the floor?
The CLERK. The Clerk will be pleased to
state to the gentleman, inasmuch as there seems
to be some misapprehension as to who is entitled
to the floor, that the gentleman from New Jersey
was upon the flour, made his remaiks, presented
his resolution, and culled the previous question.
That ended his ri^ht to the floor, if he intended
to insist upon the previous question. The gentle-
man ftoui Virginia raised a question of order, and
has sinee retailed the floor on that question of
order, but lias yielded from time to time to other
gentlemen for the puipose of making remarks. If
the gentleman from New Jersey desired to stand
upon his call for the prarious question, of course
he could not hold the frobr in opposition to any-
body else, because his demand for the previous
question cut off debate upon his proposition.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I wish to suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick
man,] that the question he sought to bring heforo ■
the House is now fairly presented by the propo- j
sition of the gentleman from New Jersey, which !
is, that the House procced to a ballot, and here- j
after another motion to proceed to a ballot will he j
out of order. I hope the genmman from New j
Jersey will insist upon Ins motion now before the ;
House. j
The CLERIC. The gentleman from Virginia i
was upon the floor upon a question of order. He j
yielded to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who j
made a motion that the House adjourn. The j
Clerk is not advised whether the motion was made j
with the consent of the gentleman from Virginia '
or not. I
Mr. HICKMAN. I stated that I could not !
make the motion unless it was by the permission j
of the gentleman from Virginia. I
The CLERK Does the gentleman from Vir- j
gmia yield for a motion to adjourn'' I
Mr. LEAKE. Not now. i
Mr. PENNINGTON. I wish to understand :
from the Clerk whether I hato lost the floor? i
Mr. LEAKE. By the permission of the gen- ;
tinman, I will say that I think I understand this \
matter. I have the pieference of him upon the
question of order, but when that is settled he will j
be entitled to the floor upon his resolution. I will |
not continue this argument in reply to the gen- ;
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.] It will j
be a matter of veiy easy demonstration, on Mon- i
day, that he proved—lf'he proved anything—that I
he has the right to make a Speaker, and that no- {
body else can interfere, if the majority of the j
House agree that he shall. That is the point that ,
I intend to elaborate on Monday. But theie is
anothermattor to which I wish to ask the attention |
of the House for a moment. I made use of an j
expression with reference to the gentleman from j
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] with whom I had
not the pleasure of a personal acquaintance, in the 1
heat of my southern blood, boiling out at the very ;
top of my head—yes, sir, boiling and cxcited at
all times—which, I confess it with all frankness,
I ought not to have done. Sir, there is no per-
sonal unkindness on my part towards any gentle-
man on the other side of" the House. I should
say that. I do say it now, and say it honestly.
In speaking of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, I used a phrase which I ought not to have
used. I did say Beau Hickman, but more in fun
than anything else. I did not mean to compare
that gentleman with Beau Hickman. I disclaim
any desire to offend tho gentleman in any sense.
I now yield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr itUST. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The gentleman from
Virginia only had the floor granted to him for the
specific purpose of making a point of order, and
I hold that he has no business to give it to any-
body else, but that it returns to me. If I have
the floor, I object to the motion to adjourn.
The CLERK. It has been usual for gentlemen
to yield for a motion to adjourn.
3Slr. ADRAIN. I presume that my colleague
will have the floor on Monday.
Mr. RUST. I am asked to yield for another
resolution to be read. I do not yield, but adhere
to my motion.
Mr. GOOCH. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from New Jersey had the floor, and it
was taken from him by a point of order.
Mr. RUST. I am entitled to the floor. Is not
the motion I have made to adjourn always in or-
der? . • .
The CLERK. The Clerk will try to settle the
question, but he cannot do so when half a dozen
members address him at once. The Clerk, in
answer to the point of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts 
Mr. GOOCH. I have not stated my point. It
is this: The gentleman from New Jersey had the
floor. It was taken from him by the gentleman
from Virginia on a point of order. The gentle-
man from Virginia lw\ ing tho floor to state a point
of order, had not the flooi for amotion to adjourn.
I hold that when he got through with his point of
order, the floor then reverted to the gen tleman from
New Jersey.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I only yielded to the
point of order. •
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
had the right to take the floor on a point of order;
and as he has not concluded his remarks, the Clerk
thinks that he had the right, und^r the practice of
the House, to yield to tlie gentleman from Ark-
ansas for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. RUST. The floor was yielded to me for
the specific purpose of making the motion that
the House adjourn. I have made that motion,
and 1 adhere to it.
Mr. LEAKE. To obviate all difficulty, as I
was upon the floor, I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman to yield me
the floor to have a resolution read for information.
It is as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk be requested to oanse the sev-
eral motions now pending before the House to be printed,
and di-stnbuted among the member.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I object to the resolution.
Mr. Leake's motion was agreed to; and there-
upon (at twenty-five minutes to five o'clock,
p. m.) tho House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 16, 1860.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
COMMITTEE ON PENSIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Wil-
kinson to fill the vacancy in the Committee on
Pensions occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
Harlan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 6th instant, the report and estimate by Captain
John Newton, Corps of Engineers, in relation to
the construction of a wharf or pier at Lewes, Del-
aware; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
