24X2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
point on tho western boundary of the State of Missouri or
Iowa, between the thirty-seventh and forty-third degree of
north latitude, on the nearest and most eligible route to the
city of San Fiancisco, on the Pacific ocean ; and also two
branch railroads and telegraphic lines, one diverging fiom
the said main trunk road at some eligible point east of the
Rocky Mountains, between the one hundred and thhd and
one hundred and fifth parallel of west longitude, and run-
ning through the territories of the United States, in the di-
rection of Memphis, in the State ofTennessce, which shall
be known as the southern branch, and one diverging from
said main trunk road at the point last aforesaid, and run-
ning through the territories of the United States to the most
eligible point on Lake Superior, which shall be known as
the northern branch, such lands to be selected from the sec-
tions which shall be designated in the public surveys of said
land (when made) by odd numbers, and to be held and con-
veyed as herein provided; and in all cases when the Uni-
ted States may have disposed of said land"? or anypait
thereof, or shall, from .any cause, be unable to convey a
title thereto, the deficiency may be made up, by the party
or partieswho may become entitled thereto, from any un-
occupied and unappropriated land belonging to the United
States, within the ({(stance of thirty miles of said road or
roads: Provided, however, That for such deficiency within
the State of California, and also in lieu of all mineral lands
in said State, (which arc hereby excepted from the appro-
priation herein made,) such selection may be mactt from any
unoccupied and unappropriated lands in the United States,
within fifty miles of said load in the said State.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say, in reference
to the point made by the gentleman from Iowa,
which may mislead those who did not hear the
previous discussion on this amendment, that he
is mistaken in the objection which he urges to the
amendment, that it would have the effect to throw
the stock into the hands of speculators. It is in-
tended to have, and does have, precisely the con-
trary effect, by limiting the right to take stock to
a sum not exceeding $500,000; and every one has
a right to take stock in good faith, on payingfive
per cent, on the amount of his stock. But the
objection which he makes to my amendment
applies, with all its force, to his own bill, which
invests the entire franchise, the stock, the lands,
the Government subsidy, and everything, in the
few men named in the bill, without requiring
them to subscribe one cent of the stock.
Mr. CURTIS. I have no doubt that the ob-
ject of the gentleman is a good one; but I say that
the provisions, as to time, arc too short, and it
would certainly fall into the hands of a few men.
Besides, what is the objection to a man like
William B. Astor, taking two or three million
dollars of the stock, if he chooses to do so ? The
object is to prevent men of straw taking the stock.
We have got to build the road by millionaires, if
we over build it. The committee have specially
endeavored to guard that point by taking men
whom they believed to be honorable and honest,
who will endeavor to incorporateonly honest men,
as far as they can, in the new company. We can-
not prevent capital going into the road, and the
more the better. I take it for granted that the
corporators themselves will regulate these little
matters better than the House can do; and I hope
the amendment will be voted down, because I say
that all the salutary measures that it provides for
are incorporated in the bill.
Mr. NOELL. I would inquire if an amend-
ment to perfect the first section of the bill, by
changing the termini of the road, would be in
order now ?
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
would be in order now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask if any-
thing is vested in the corporators except so far as
they build the road ?
Mr. CURTIS. They get nothing unless they
build a fifty miles section of the road. I hope
the motion which I now make to close debate on
this amendment will prevail.
The SPEAKER. Does
Iowa move to close debate ?
Mr. CURTIS. I do on this amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 call for a division
on that motion; and I give notice that if this
system of closing debate on every amendment as
soon as it is offered is to be pursued, I shall resort
to every contrivance within my power to defeat it.
Mr. CURTIS. I have no doubt the gentleman
will.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire the gentle-
man from Iowa to understand that this coursc
will have the effect of stifling debate upon every
important proposition; and if it is to be pursued,
we might as well have the previous question on
the whole bill at once.
Mr. CURTIS. I have no desire to stifle debate
at all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, this
course is nothing else in the world. This very
proposition before us is one of the greatest im-
portance, and yet the gentleman wishes to cut off
all debate upon it.
Mr. CURTIS. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia desire to discuss this amendment?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rose for the pur-
pose of ascertaining a fact, which I deemed to be
important.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well, I will withdraw the
motion to close debate on this amendment, and
I hope the gentleman from Virginia will renew it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Texas, upon which it is proposed now
to vote, is open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is
not. It is already an amendment in the second
degree*
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia We have the right
to go as far as the sccond degree. I believe there
is only one amendment pending to the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Reagan.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, we have the
right to go beyond that.
The SPEAKER. And there is also the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Hamilton-.] The Chair thinks that no further
amendment is in oider.
Mr. REAGAN. If I can have the unanimous
consent of the House that my amendment may
be renewed, I have no desire to stand in the way
of gentlemen who wish to offer other amendments
to perfect this section.
Mr. NOELL. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his amendment, as I suggested before.
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman from Virginia
wishes to speak, I hope he will proceed with his
remarks, and then renew the motion to close de-
bate.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. I will proceed now
to present one view that has struck me in con-
nection with this first section. I think it is im-
portant; and I desire that the gentleman from
Texas will hear me, because I think his amend-
ment, treating these gentlemen as commissioners
merely, ia one which should be considered.
Mr. Speaker, here is the first section of the bill
proposing to give to certain gentlemen important
franchises. Their names I will read, if gentlemen
desire it. Here is William H. Swift, a gentleman
of some celebrity.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I will say to
the gentleman from Virginia that he is not " Live
Oak Swift." He is a different gentleman.
Mr. SjVI ITH, of Virginia. Well, I suppose he
is one of the Swift family. The other names arc:
Samuel T. Dana and John Bertram, of Massa-
chusetts; Moses H. Gnnnell, Benjamin Cham-
berlain, Hamilton Fish, John A. Dix, Daniel C.
Eaton, Azariah Boody, and Joseph Field, of New
York; Daniel J. Morrol, Joseph Harrison,George
VV. Gass, Joseph H. Scranton, Morton McMi-
chacl, of Pennsylvania; Edward Pennclton, of
Virginia; Benjamin FI. Latrobe, Ross Winans,
and Thomas S\vanu,of Maryland; William Case,
S. S. L'Hommrdieu, and Henry B. Curtis, of
Ohio; Thomas A. Morris, Jesse L. Williams, and
David C. Bon'.sam, of Indiana; Joshua Cobb, of
Tennessee; E. O. Grosvener, and William J.
Welles, of Michigan; John Wcntwoith, N. B.
Judd, John Moore, and CharlesG. Hammond,of
Illinois; John How, James IT. Lucas, William
Gilpin, and Willard P. Hall, of Missouri; Charles
Mason, Lucius H. Langworthy, Hugh T. Reid,
and Hoyt Sherman, of Iowa;Samuel J. Hensley,
T. D. Judah, and Louis McLane, of California;
Herman C. Leonard and J. C. Ainsworth, of
Oregon; and such persons as a majority of such
grantees shall admit as their associates.
There are a variety of gentlemen here from
the different States, and I say here is a proposi-
tion to give to them, without even obtainingtheir
assent, what is estimated, of course, I suppose, by
the movers, to be a great and valuable franchise.
Their names are spread out here, coming mostly
from the northern States. They have given one,
as I said, to the Ofd Dominion, and could not even
get him set down properly in the bill. What I
desire this House to understand is this: that these
gentlemen are here before this Congress without
their knowledge or consent; and that is not all.
There are the names here of men of distinction
and note in the country, which are used for the
purpose of commanding an influence upon the
sentiment and action of this House. I say these
names are used because they are presumed to
wield an influence upon the action of members
here; because it is deemed that, through the ram-
ifications that pervade our social system, an un-
seen influence may be exerted upon the votes of
members. I ask the honorable chairman of this
committee if that is a proper use to be made of
names, and whether there is not an improper in-
fluence sought to be exerted upon our action ?
Mr. CURTIS. I say, in reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, that in getting up this bill, it is
true, instead of taking the men who are hanging
around Congress and trying to get the opportu-
nity of having this bill placed in their power, the
committee undertook to select men who they be-
lieved would, in good faith, as patriots and men
of honor, carry out the will of Congress; but as
to having any such motive as the gentleman men-
tions, of using their names to get votes in this
House, I am sure no one ever dreamed of it be-
fore, and I hope the gentleman from Virginia
will not impute any such motive as having ac-
tuated the committee of which he is an honorable
member.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man if some of these names were not put in here
at the instance of the men themselves, or their
friends?
Mr. CURTIS. Some of them were put in cer-
tainly at the instance of their friends. They were
selected by members of the committee as proper
persons to carry out the will of Congress m this*
matter. There is but one here that 1 know, who
was about here, and desired to have his name
inserted.
Mr. LOGAN. Who mentioned the name of
John Wentworth?
Mr. CURTIS. It was mentioned, I think, by
some one of the Illinois delegation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state that
even I, known as I was from the first day of the
meeting of the committee, to occupy a position
not of friendly regard to this scheme, had letters
addressed to me from gentlemen who desired to
have their names put into this pot. Well, sir,
what is the position of these gentlemen ? The
chairman of this committee, I venture to say, has
no authority in writing from them to use their
names. He has no evidence, and this House has
no evidence, of their desire to be placed in this
predicament. Why is it, then ? It is one of those
movements in which parties acquiesce because
they play a game, always esteemed a strong one,
of "heads I win, tails you lose." Sir, the bill
frants a great franchise to these gentlemen, or it
oes not. If it be a valuable franchise, there is
money in it. Men seek admission into the eflsso-
ciation. Some seek it for the purpose of selling
out—with a view, sir, to be in a position for spec-
ulation, and to make a good thing of it. I say to
you, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman from Iowa,
and to this House, that this bill grants a valuable
franchise, or it does not.
Mr. CURTIS. It is no franchise at all; on the
contrary, I am afraid that it will be a burden. If
they see proper to take stock and go on and build
the road, they may make it useful to themselves;
if they do not, it will be a burden to them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If it be a valuable
franchise, I ask the gentleman why it is that the
Congress of the United States will confer that
valuable franchise upon only certain prominent
citizens spread all over the country ? I appeal to
the House whether it will sustain that action of
the special committee. If it be a valuable fran-
chise, will this Congress undertake to confer it
exclusively upon the few persons named in the
bill? Sir, we must remember that we represent
millions of men. The gentlemen named, we know,
are, many of them, men of large fortunes; who reap
but who never sow; and who, through just such
agencies as this, have been enabled to accumulate
amounts in some instances of millions of dollars
of the hard earnings of the people of this coun-
try. We know very well that that is the fact;
and yet we, the Representatives of the people, pro-
pose to give the exclusive monopoly of this great
enterprise into the hands of a few wealthy men
who sit in their parlors in the large cities of the
