1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
amendment was concurred in; and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed, aijd read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
TAVERN AKD OTHER LICENSES':
The bill (S. No. 261) to authorize the levy court
to issue tavern and other licenses in the District
of Columbia, was next considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to transfer from
the circuit court of the District of Columbia to
the levy court of Washington county the power
to grant licenses to keepers of taverns and ordi-
naries, to hawkers and peddlers, billiard tables,
bowling saloons, and auctioneers, in that part of
the county of Washington beyond'the corporate
limits of the cities of Washington and George-
town, under such restrictions and penalties as the
levy court may by law deem expedient.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GALLERY OF ARTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 287) to in-
corporate the National Gallery and School of Arts
in the District of Columbia.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was 011 page 3, sec-
tion three,, line eleven, to strike out the word
"law," and insert "the Constitution and laws
of the United States;" so that it will read:
The trustees aforesaid shall hold their oftice.s until the
1st clay of October, 1880, and until their successors shall be
elected. Anil 111 the mean time, the said trustees shall pass
all necessary ordinances and by-laws for the complete or-
ganization, government, and administration of the institu-
tion herein established. They may appoint or elect a pres-
ident and secretary of their own body, and all sueh officers,
professors, or teachers, as to them may seem expedient, and
may confer upon them such powers, not inconsistent with
the Constitution and laws of the United States, as may to
tliem seem suitable to the end 111 view.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next.amendment was in section live, line
thirteen, to strike out the word "requested," and
insert "required;" so as to make it read:
And the said books or journals shall at all times be open
to the inspection and examination of the said subscribers
and contributors, and when required by cither House of
Congress, it shall be the duty of the said trustees to furnish
any information respecting the institution and its affairs
which may be so required.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as a new
section:
Sec. G. Jhid be it fin I her nmrtcd, That nothing in this
act shall be so construed as to authorize said corporation
10 issue any note, token, devtcc, scrip, or other evidence
of debt, to bo used as a curicncv.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, as a now section:
Srr.7. Jindbc itfurtker enacted, That tiiis act may at any
time bo altered, amended, 01 repealed by the Congress of
tiie United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear from the
chairman of the committee some explanation of
the objects of this bill. I understand, from the
casual reading which I have just given to it, that
it is not an ordinary act of incorporation to gen-
tlemen who desire to establish a school of art, but
it-is the creation of a school of tot by Congress;
and then it confers the co.ntrol of that school of
art upon sundry gentlemen of this city. That is
the way I understand it; if that is so, I should
like to know it.
Mr, BROWN. Those gentlemen form a vol-
untary association, already entered into. They
have made important contributions to art, and are
offered a very important gift, in the form of a lot
and house, by a gentleman of fortune in this city.
They want a corporate name, by which1 they can
t!leir property, and transact their business.
I do not understand that we are doing anything
more than simply giving a cjjarter to a private
association, already formed, under sttch restric-
tions as we think proper to impose.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course I should have no
objection to such a bill as the Senator from Mis-
sissippi indicates. I not only would not object
to it, but I would be in favor of it; but this is a
singularly drawn bill, at any rate, if that is the
sole object of it. The first section enacts:
That there be, and hereby is, established in the District
of'Columbia, a gallery and school of arts, for the purpose
of promoting the improvement of the fine arts, and their
application to patriotic purposes, by means of exhibitions,
libraries, museum, instruction, and any other practicable
operations.
This section does notcreate any incorporation;
but it declares, on the part of Congress, that such
a school shall be established. Established by
whom? Established by Congress, as I under-
stand; by the authority that has the control of the
municipal regulations of this District. The bill
then goes on, in the succeeding sections, to say
that certain men—specifying them—shall be trus-
tees of this school for a limited time; and that
those trustees shall have the power to provide for
their successors by appointment. It is true, that
at this time it does not take anything out of the
Treasury. I have not given the bill any exam-
ination, except the simple reading of it now; but
I apprehend that the design of the bill is really to
attach this school to the Government as one of
the permanent institutions of the Governmen t, and
I am fearful that such is to be the effect of it.
Mr. BROWN. I have no dream that there is
any such purpose; but I have no objection to a
proviso being added to prevent such a use of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I judge solely from the man-
ner in which the bill is framed. I have seen a
great many acts of incorporation, but I have never
yet seen one where the Government declared that
a particular institution should exist, and then
went 011 to confer the control of that institution,
after having declared its existence, on certain
trustees, and gave them authority to control it.
It may be all right; I do not pretend to under-
stand it; I only ask for an exjjjanation.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will see by the
concluding section of the bill, which wo have of-
fered as an amendment, that it is declared that
this act may at any time be altered, amended, or
repealed by the Congress of the United States;
and putting that in,<4 think it is safe. If Congress
does not want to give any money, if an applica-
tion of that kind is made, it can repeal the char-
ter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to my friend
from Mississippi to strike out of the first section
the words " and hereby is," and then the objec-
tion of the Senator from Iowa will ie met. That
will leave it a permission to establish.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would suggest to the chair-
man this amendment: add after the word "Co-
lumbia," 111 the fourth lino of the firstsection, the
words " by the persons hereinafter named."
That makes it clearly and distinctly what the
committee%nderstood it, and what I have no doubt
it now is.
Mr. BROWN. I have 110 objection to thaf.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend by insert-
ing after theword " Columbia," in the fourth line,
the words " by the persons hereinafter named."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think, to make the sec-
tion sensible now, it is necessary to strike out the
words "and hereby is," and insert "may" be-
fore "be established." Then the section will
read: "there may bo established in the District of
Columbia, by the persons hereinafter named^a
gallery and school of arts."
Mr. GRIMES. That will do.
The'amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurrcd in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed,and road a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to take up the
railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
201) in relation to a railway along Pennsylvania
avenue and other avenues and streets in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
proposes to constitute Richard Wallacli, George
W. Riggs, Walter Lenox, Jonah D. Hoover,
James M. Carlisle, William B. Todd, Charles W.
Boteler, jr., George Harrington, John P. Coyle,
Walter >S. Cox, and their assigns, a body corpo-
rate, under the name of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company, with authority to
construct and lay down a double-track railway,
with the necessary switches and turnouts, in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, in the Dis-
trictofColumbia, through and along the following
avenuesandstreets: commencing on Bridge street,
at its intersection with High street, or at such point
on Bridge street, east thereof, in the city of George-
Town, as may be designated by the corporate au-
thorities thereof, along Bridge street to its inter-
section with the street running to the tubular bridge,
across the tubular bridge o ver Rock creek to Penn-
sylvania avennc, in the city of Washington;along
the avenue to Fifteenth street west; along that
street south to the avenue; along the avenue to
the foot of the Capitol; thence ground the north-
ern boundary of the Capitol grounds to the north-
ern gate thereof, through the same to the southern
gate; thence along their southern boundary east-
erly to Pennsylvania avenue;along the avenue to
Eighth street east, or Garrison street, and along
that street due south to the navy-yard gate; with
a lateral road connecting the main road with New
Jersey avenue at its intersection with the depot of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company; also
a single-track railway commencing at the inter-
section of Seventh street west with M street north,
and running south along that street to4he south
side of Pennsylvania avenue, and intersecting with
the road on the avenue, with the right to run pub-
lic carriages thereon drawn by horse power, re-
ceiving therefor a rate of fare of not exceeding five
cents per passenger for any distance between any
and all of the termini of the roads. The bill con-
tains various provisions as to the rights of the
municipal authorities of Washington and George-
town, as to the manner of laying the railway, the
time in which it shall be dpne, &c.
Mr. BROWN. It is very well known to Sen-
ators, Mr. President, that I have heretofore op-
posed the construction of any railroad upon the
avenue; I am not less opposed to it now than I
have always been; but in that position I have not
been sustained in the Senate or out of it. It be-
came perfectly apparent during tlio last Congress
that a large majority of the Senate was in favor
of a passenger railroad upon'the avenue. It then
was left to me, as the organ of the Senate for the
people of this District, now to consider this sec-
ond question: to whom should the franchise be
given? There were before the committee threfe
propositions: one from the Metropolitan Railroad
Company, a company incorporated by the State
of Maryland; one from what was denominated
the Citizens' Company; and the other from the
association of gentlemen named in this bill. The
Committee on the District of Columbia, in de-
termining in favor of these parties, were influenced
by considerations which I will state. First, in so
much as relates to the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany, we found that that had been an existing
company for six or seven years; that it had never,
during all that time, made one inch of progress
towards the construction of its roatW It made a
call of some slight porcentagc—I do not know how
much—three or four or five per cent.; it was paid
by some subscribers to the stock, but nothing was
done. The company seemed to be languishing—
in fact to be dead, in everything but name.
> Mr. COLLAMER. What was thatcompany
incorporated to do ?
Mr. BROWN. To build arailroad from apoint
011 the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, known as the
Point of Rocks; a point some fifty miles, prob-
ably, east of Harper's Ferry, to Georgetown. It
made na*progress; it seemed to have no vitality;
seemed indisposed, heretofore, to do anything,
and, in fact, did not do anything. Its directors
came, through their agent, and represented to the
committee that if this privilege of constructing a'
railroad on the avenue should be given to them,
then, ou| of the profits arising from it, they were
going to construct a railroad from Georgetown to
the Point of Rocks—a work that is going to cost
#3,000,000, I think, by the lowest estimate. We
did not believe a word of that: we thought it was
a piece of humbuggery, and dismissed the whole
thing.
il i considered the proposition of the so-
called Citizens' Company. We found that there
were some three, or four, or five hundred persons,
who had subscribed on paper, agreeing to take so
much stock in this railroad. The point which
their representative made before the committee
seemed to be this: that the stock was to bo dis-
tributed among a vast number of people, and was
not to be" monopolized and taken into the hands
of any particular persons. The limitation, I think,
