THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'v:
THE OFFICIAL, PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1860.
New Series.....No. 29.
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there be 110 objection to
it, I ask for its consideration now.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection to it; but I
would like to make a slight amendment to include
any trespasses upon the constitutional rights of
property.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution lies over under the rules.
SENATE DRAUGHTSMAN.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by him on Thursday
last; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate of the United
States of the 10th of Januaiy, 1832, directing the Secretary
of the Senate to employ a draughtsman lor ceitain puiposca
therein specificti, be, and the same is hereby, icsemded;
and that all public lecords connected with said officer as
draughtsman be dehvcied to the cleikof the Committee
on Public Lands foi use of said committee.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the followingres-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed toinqune into the expediency of estab-
lishing by law a post route fioni the comt-housc of Craig-
head county, in the State of Aik.insas, to Pocahontas, m
the same State. *
POST OFFICE MONEY ORDERS.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inqune into the practicability of providing such
system for the tiansmission of money and valuable packets
by the mail as will furnish greater security; and that said
committee fuithei mquue how f,u the plan of Post Office
money oideis can safely he ingrafted upon the postal sys-
tem of the countiy.
OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be diieeted to inquire wiictiiei the ptesent
charae.i on letteis earned by the ocean stcamei.s are not
unnecessaiily Ungc and burdensome, opoiatinsj a« a check
on commerce, as a barnei between the two hemispheres,
and especially as a gucvous tax upon Euiopean eimgiants
seeking a home in the United fcUato; and whether &omc-
tluos may not be done, and if so, what, to wciue the bene-
fits of cheap ocean postage.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POWELL asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a jointresolution
(S.No. G) authorizing the construction of a branch
of the Louisville and Portland canal; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a biH (S. No.
66) to authorize and direct the settlement of the
accounts of Ross Wilkins, James Wither* 11, and
Solomon Sibley; which was read twicc by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HALE, in pursuance of previous notice, 1
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. I
No. 67) granting a pension to Mrs. Macomb, !
widow of Major General Alexander Macomb; j
which was read twice by its title, and referred to j
the Committee on Pensions. j
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con- ,
sent obtained, leave; to introduce abill (S. No. 68) i
concerning the transfer of real estate in the city j
of Washington; which was read twice by its title, '
and referred to the Committee on the District of i
Columbia. [
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con- j
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 72) :
to prowde for the suppression of the invasion of i
one State or Territory by or fiom another, or the i
fitting out of military expeditions or enterprises I
in one State or Territory against another, and for |
29
the punishment of such offenses; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the select com-
mittee on the recent invasion at Harper's Ferry.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, which was submitted by
Mr. Pugii on the ltith ultimo:
Resolved, That the Committee on Teiritoiies be in-
; strueted to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much
of the act approved September 9,3850, for the organization
of territorial government*? in New Mexico and Utah, as re-
qune* that all the laws parsed by the Legislatuies of those
Territories shall be submitted to Congress for appioval or
lejeetion.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Haulan to insert at tile end of the resolu-
tion the following: '
And said committee is also iiMiucted toinqimc into the
propriety of authorizing the people ot eaeh of t.,ml Teaito-
ries to eleet all theii temtorial ollieeis, executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial.
Mr. CUNGMAN. Mr. President, it is my
purpose to speak to-day oi the condition of the
country, as connected with agitation of the slavery
question. 1 shall do this with perfect, frankness,
and with no reserve, cxeept what pailiameiitary
rules and Senatorial courtesies impose. J3y such
a course only can the real nature of the impend-
ing' evil bo ascertained, and a' remedy suggested.
Having carefully studied the subject during the
j greater part of my political life, anil from different
i points of view, 1 intend to express my opinions
seriously, and as fully as the occasion seems to
! require.
| Befoie speaking directly to the merits of the
i subject, I shall devote a few minutes to a prelim-
inary question. It has been contende 1 that the
Democratic party is responsible for the anti-sla-
very agitation of the North. A retrospect into
the past will vindicate it most triumphantly from
the charge. The course of the old Federal party,
in the war of 1812, had brought it into discredit
and disgrace with the American people. Its lead-
ers, with a view of recovering the popular favor,
and through it the control of the Government,
seized upon the occasion of the application of
Missouri for admission into the Union, and, by
appealing to theanti-slavory feeling of the northern
States, created a sectional party powerful enough
to prevent, for a time, the admission of the State.
During the struggle, a provision was adopted that
slavery should never exist in the territory wjist of
Missouri and north of the line of latitude o'f 36°
30'. Though this arrangement was distasteful to
the South, and by many regarded as dishonorable
and unconstitutional, it was acquiesced in for the
sake of peace. And when, in 1845, Texas was
annexed to the Union, by the Democratic party
mainly, this Missouri line was extended through
it, and slavery, which legally existed in every part
of that State, was abolished and prohibited north
of the line.
When, subsequently, territory was acquired
from Mexico, the Democratic party, with but few
exceptions, attempted to apply the same princi-
ples (<i it, and extend the line of 36° 30' through
it. The proposition was again and again brought
forward bv the distinguished Senator from Illinois
[Mi. Dougi.as] and others, and as often rejected
by the combined vote of the entire Whig party of
the North, and a portion of the Democrats of that
section. After years of fruitless struggle it was
abandoned, and the principle of congressional non-
intervention adopted by the compromise measures
of 1850.
In other words, it was then established, in sub-
stance and effect, that the people of the Territo-
ries, free from all congressional legislation on the
subject of slavery, should regulate it for them-
selves, subject only to the limitations of the Con-
stitution of the United States, as interpreted by
the courts of the country. This settlement, like
the proposition forthe extension of the Missouri
line, was resisted by the great body of the north-
ern Whigs, who were for the Wilmot proviso and
against the extension of slavery m any mode. It
was also opposed by the southern friends of the
Missouri line, who preferred that system to con-
gressional non-intervention, and who still cher-
ished the hope that it might be adapted. In the
final struggle, they were reduced to a dozen souths
era Senatorsand thirty Representatives, of whom
I was one.
I call the attention of Senators to another strik-
ing fact in this connection. It is charged not onlv
by the northern Opposition, but also by the south-
ern opponents of the Democratic party, that it is
responsible for the alleged evils of congressional
non-intervention and the disturbances of so-called-
" squatter sovereignty" in the Territories. I affirm
that, m 1850, when this system was adopted, it
was sustained by the representatives of the south-
ern Whigs with the greatest unanimity. I was
no exception to this remark, for I had announced
already my separation from the organization of
the W"hig party. I repeat that the southern Op-
position of that day, under the lead of Mr. Clay,
were the first portion of their fellow-citizens to
abandon the Missouri line and support the prin-
ciple of non-intervention by Congress. On the
other hand, the last and firmest friends of the
Missouri line were those represented at the Nash-
ville convention—whose ultimatum, it was—and
such Senators and Representatives from the South
as were in that day denounced as ultras and fire-
eaters, because of their not adopting the principle
of congressional non-intervention in lieu of the
Missouri line. When these facts are remembered,
will the present southern Opposition and its or-
gans continue to assail the Democratic party for
an act which they themselves earnestly and uni-
tedly concurred in ? Can Wicytake the ground that
it was right to abolish the Missouri line,in order
that free States should be made south of it, but
that it should not, in like manner, be obliterated
to place the South on an equal footing north of it?
After a majority both of the South and of the
Democratic party had adopted the principle of '
congressional non-intervention, we who had op-
posed it acquiesced, and the Dcmocraticand Whig
conventions of 1852 both sanctioned it.
When the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
were admitted, the Democratic party applied the
same piinciple to them; and, ill so doing, found
it necessary to repeal the old Missouri restriction,
in order that there might be no intervention bij Cou-
p-ess to control in any way the inhabitants of those
Territories. Were they not committed to do this,
in the strongest and most emphatic terms, by their
platform and their late action as to the Mexican
territories, while the Whig or Opposition conven-
tion had professed, in its platform, to have acqui-
esced in the same principles ? But it is said tliat
both parties hud declared themselves opposed to a
further agitation of the slavery question. So they
had; but there was a specific pledge in favor of con-
gressional non-intervention in the Territories; and
the carrying it out ought to have produced no
agitation whatever, and would not m a healthy
state of public opinion in the North. The Dem-
ocratic party could not honorably avoid doing
what it did; and would have been liable to the
charge, had it failed to do this, of shifting its prin-
ciples from time to time, and so shaping its course
as to favomon-intervention whenit would thereby
admit free States into the Union, and of going for
congressional intervention, on the other hand, when
it might thereby prevent the formation of a slave-
holding State. Had it failed to maintain its prin-
ciples on this occasion, it would have been justly
exposed to this charge. Their opponents m the
North, however, on the repeal of the Missouri
restriction, raised at once an immense clamor,
showing that their friendship for non-intervention
was only pretended, and that they had acquiesced
in the measures of 1850 only because they created
a free State south of 36° 30', and did not intend
the principles to b;.- applied in a case in which, by
any possibility, the South might carry its institu-
tions north of tins line. We all know that, prior
to 1854, they as regularly and vehemently de-
nounced the Missouri compromise as they have
since done the Kansas iniquity; but as soon as it
was proposed to repeal this restriction to carry
out the principle of congressional non-interven-
