1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
est curtailments, without provoking remonstrance
and rebuke. But in presence of the statistics
which have been presented, when tlj? public com-
plain that the postal service is not equal to the
activity of their business and social relations, they
should make such complaints heard, not here, but
in the Halls of Congress. They should appeal
to their Representatives to restore to this Depart-
ment its revenues which, are now squandered in
the wilderness, and when this shall have been
done, and the other measures of justice and re-
form herein recommended shall have been adopted,
then, by the practice of a severe economy, every
reasonable demand upon the service can be met.
A comparison of the expenses and products of
the routes named, leaves no room for doubt that
the postal communication which they afford is not
looked to by the Government as an end, but as an
instrument for the advancement of ulterior objects.
Indeed, it has not been concealed, but openly
avowed, by the friends of the policy which main-
tained these routes, that they were intended as the
pioneers of civilization; as the means of rapid and
regular communication between remote military
posts and the Government, and most especially as
an instrumentality for promoting the settlement of
our frontiers, and thus appreciating the value of
the national domain. That these and kindred ob-
jects, which may have been contemplated by the
authors of this policy, are fully within the range
of action which a great and enlightened Govern-
ment may prescribe for itself, will not be denied.
But such objects arc national, and not at all postal,
in their character; and, being intended, as they
are, to advance the interests of the entire body-
Eolitie, the expenditures which they involve should
c met from the common Treasury. The postol
service does not lead, but follows population,
and the devotion, directly or indirectly, m aid of
schemes of colonization, of those revenues which
are consecrated and set apart for the maintenance
and expansion of mail accommodations, is a mani-
fest breach of one of the most solemn obligations
with which the Government has charged itself.
It would be easy to distinguish the routes falling
within this category of non-postal; and were then-
establishment and regulation by Congress accom-
panied by a provision that, after the application
of the revenue arising from them to their support,
the balance due the contractors and other agencies
should be defrayed from the Treasury, complete
justice would be done to the Department, and the
Government would have fully dischaiged one of
the highest responsibilities which rests upon it as
trustee of the postal fund.
Not to pursue the subject, further, in view of
what has been done and proposed, the financial
status of the Department would be, as follows:
Deficit for the year ending June .'JO, 1859 526
Contra.
Annual retrenchment from curtailmentsalieadvmade—lose
$-287,-.250, of the $637,£>0 saved on renewal of conti act
toi ocean seivice to California—which $287,U50 having
been payable out of the Tica*ur\, the gam mines to it
instead of to the postal revenue* GO
Revenue from Government postages, on abo-
lition of ftanking privilege, estimated at... 1,800,000 00
Reduction of corir ot rafhoad transportation.. 1,08-1,058 Oil
t'a\ ment by Government on routes non-po'-t-
al  1,209,736 36
,•35,653,5.15 33
This aggregate of $5,653,535 3G, deducted from
the deficiency on 30th June, leaves a deficit of
$1,342,473 90, which the gradual increase of re-
ceipts and the curtailments still practicable would
overcome in a few years, and the Department be
thus restored to complete independence.
There are those who propose, as a substitute
for these just and salutary reforms, an increase of
the existing rates of postage. To this, I am well
persuaded, the popular judgment is decidedly op-
posed; and this opposition rests mainly upon the
conviction that if the Post Office Department were
justly dealt by, it could and would sustain itself
without any change in the prevailing rates. This
conviction I fully share, and believe that until the
experiment of rendering it self-supporting, by the
measures which have been discussed, shall have
been made, it would be unwise and unjust to im-
pose any additional burdens on the correspond-
ence of the country. If that experiment, upon
being tried, shall foil to restore the Department to
independence—which cannot be anticipated —
then an enlightened and liberal people will not
hesitate to authorize any augmentation of the
rates which may be required, but not until then.
This Department cannot much longer occupy
its present equivocal position. If not allowed to
return to the principles on which it was conducted
in its earlier and better days—the days alike of
its independence, its efficiency, and its renown;
borne down by the pressure of the existing course
of legislation, it must ultimately become an estab-
lished burden to the national revenues. The first
step which would probably follow thereafter would
be for Congress, in creating and adjusting the
principal post routes, to declare what should be
the compensation of the contractors. This would
open an almost illimitable field for mercenary in-
trigue and spoliation. An approach to the inaug-
uration of this system has already been made,
and the results are before the country. Since
1853, Congress has interposed and made extra al-
lowances to contractors,amounting to §649,161 22
bejrond what the Department regarded them as
entitled to receive under their contracts, and be-
yond what it was believed the postal service de-
manded or justified. It has also fixed the com-
pensation for the semi-weekly overland mail at
$600,000 per annum, though the receipts from the
route arc but §27,229 94, and for the transporta-
tion of the California mails via the Isthmus, it
paid annually §738,250, though the same service—
less than from San Francisco to Astoria and San
Diego—under a recent contract with the Depart-
ment, is now performed at the rate of §351,000
per annum, with an arrangement for its further
reduction. These, are fan-illustrations of the fruits
which naturally, if not inevitably, follow from
transferring the contract bureau of this Depart-
ment to the Halls of Congress. Should this step
be taken, the Department being thus completely
dependent and sustained by an exhaustless treas-
ury, and having no longer the powerful motive
to economy which has ever been the conservative
element of its being, would he tempted to plunge
deeper and deeper into schemes of extravagance
and waste, until, it may be well apprehended, all
the safeguards of its purity would finally disappear.
With its army of postmasters and contractors, now
numbering thirty-six thousand, and constantly
increasing; with its vast train of other dependent
instrumentalities; with its twenty million disburse-
ments—for they will soon reach and surpass that
sum; and with its ramifications extending to every
city anil village and neighborhood in the Union,
it could not fail to be seized upon by ambitious
hands and wielded for political power, until the
very air of its being might become an atmosphere
of political corruption. The gigantic system of
internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, which a few years since was overthrown
by the voice of the American people, in the om-
nipresence of its complete development, could
scarcely lwe proved a more potent instrument
for exhausting the Treasury and depraving the
public morals.
The Post Office Department, in its ceaseless
labors, pervades every channel of commerce and
every theater of human enterprise; and while vis-
iting, as it does kindly, every fireside, mingles
with the throbbings of "almost every heart in the
land. In the-amplitude of its beneficence, it min-
isters to all climes and creeds and pursuits, with
the same eager readiness and with equal fullness
of fidelity. It is the delicate ear trump, through
which alike nations and families and isolated in-
dividuals whisper their joys and then- sorrows,
their convictions and their sympathies, to all who
listen for their coming. Naturally enough, such
an institution has ever been, and still is, a cherished
favorite with the American people. The country
has constantly manifested the most intense solici-
tude for the preservation of its purity and the pros-
perity of its administration; and it cannot now be
disguised that the guilty abuse of its ministrations,
and tile reckless waste of its hard-earned revenues,
connected with the humiliations to which it has,
in consequence, been exposed, have deeply and
sadly impressed the public mind.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, J. HOLT.
To tiie President.
Report ef the Secretary of the Interior.
Department of the Interior,
December 1, 1859.
Sir: Ihave the honor to lay before you, here-
with, the annual reports of the several officers
who have the immediate control of those branches
of the public service which by law have been
placed under the supervision of the Secretary of
the Interior, except that of the Commissioner of
Patents, who reports directly to Congress on the
first day of January in each year, in pursuance
of the requirements of a law enacted prior to the
transfer of that bureau from the Department of
State.
The papers now submitted embrace the reports
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the Com-
missioner of Pensions, the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, the Board of Inspectors and Warden
of the Penitentiary, the Superintendent and Board
of Visitors of the Government Hospital for the
Insane, the engineer in charge of the Potomac
water-works, and the President of the Columbian
Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind. There will also be found a
statement of the distribution of the Journals,books,
and documents printed or purchased by order of
Congress. These reports will furnish informa-
tion of the details of the service during the past
year, and explain the manner in which the appro-
priations made by Congress for the support of the
respective branches have been expended.
It gives me pleasure to bear testimony to the
general good conduct and fidelity of the officers
connected with this Department. The calls upon
each office arc met with promptness: each bureau
is  generally up with current business, and I in-
dulge the hope and belief that the duties of each
have been performed in a manner satisfactory to
the country. The General Land Office, owing to
the location and sale in previous years of unusu-
ally large quantities of land, was unable, for a
time, with its regular clerical force, to issue the
patents on those entries as rapidly as was desira-
ble. During the past year, however, the attention •
of that office lias been especially directed to this
subject, and I have now the gratification of stating
that during the year ending the 30th ofSeptember,
1859,160,000patents were transmitted orprepared
for transmission and delivery, and lists of swamp
and railroad lands were prepared and certified to
the States, which, if divided by a fair average,
would be equal to the preparation of an additional
number of 134,000 cash patents.
The general policy of the laws which are ad-
ministered through the agency of the different
bureaus of this Department is approved andneeds
no change. In the regulation of the details but
few amendments are required.
The legislation of Congress in relation to the
public lands attracts a large share of the public
attention, and interests directly a large number of
our citizens. All the people of fourteen States
and five Territories derive the title to their lands
from the Federal Government; and the records
and files, evidencing the inception of their rights,
arc preserved in the General Land Office. In the
administration of the land laws of general and
special application, questions often arise which
involve conflicting private interests of great mag-
nitude, and are most complicated and difficult of
solution. These have to be examined with care
and patience; counsel in very many cases claim
the privilege of being heard; and yet decisions
must be made without unreasonable delay, al-
though they often involve the. fortunes of whole
families.
As Congress has for a series of years sanc-
tioned, by its legislation, the extension of new-
surveys over the public lands, at a rate propor-
tionate to the progressive disposition thereof, this
basis has been assumed in preparing and submit-
ting the estimates for the surveys to be made
during the next fiscal year.
During the five quarters ending September 30,
1859, 16,618,183 acres of the. public lands were
disposed of; 4,970,500 acres were sold for cash,
yielding §2,107,476; 3,617,440 acres were located
with bounty land warrants; 1,712,040 acres were
approved to the several States entitled to them,
under the swamp grants of March 2, 1849, and
