1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2413
Union, absorb all the gains, and suffer none of the
losses.
But the gentleman from Iowa says that it may
be a burden—that there may be losses. I ask the
gentleman if he really thinks so ?
. Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman from
Virginia think that this enterprise ought to be in-
trusted to poor men, and poor men alone? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the gentleman
desire to give it to the nch ones only ?
Mr. STANTON. I desire to give it to those
who have the money to build it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do you suppose
that these gentlemen will furnish the money to
construct the road ?
Mr. STANTON. They will furnish some of
it, I suppose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What I desire, Mr.
Speaker, is this: I desire—and I presume that the
gentleman from Ohio represents a constituency
of laboring men—as this enterprise embraces im-
portant advantages, that the American people
may have an opportunity of sharing in those ad-
vantages. I want books to be opened. I wish
every man who chooses to subscribe for the stock
of this work to have an opportunity to do so. I
do not desire that all outside of those named in
this bill shall be choked off. Is that wrong? My
desire is that books shall be opened, and that
every American citizen shall have the privilege of
subscribing to the extent of his will.
Mr. STANTON. I want men to subscribe,
not according to their will, but according to their
means.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir, to the ex-
tent of his will; for when aman creates an obliga-
tion, it is supposed he will be able to meet it.
There is a way to regulate all that thing.
Now, sir, I come to the other point, the real poin t,
and it is this: suppose it should be a burden, as
is suggested by the gentleman from Iowa; sup-
pose that it will be adrag—that there are no flow-
ers in the path, but that there is nothing buthard,
dry, extensive toil; that the road is to be built by
the sweat of our brows; suppose it should so
turn out: do you suppose that these gentlemen in
the large cities of the Union, sitting- in their bank-
ing-houses or in their luxurious parlors, are going
to squander their earnings of years out of pure
love for their country? There is 110 obligation upon
them—none at all, sir. There is not the first com-
mand, the first obligation upon them, to compel
them to engage in what may be a losing opeuition.
Not a dollar will they lose. Not an obligation
do they incur. If, upon looking into the whole
matter, they see that nothing but hard knocks
and loss of money are to be the consequence,
does the gentleman from Iowa, or this House,
believe that they will assume the onerous duties
and great risks involved in this enterprise?
Mr. CURTIS. What I mean by saying that
.it may be a burden, is this: many of these men
are not wealthy men, and they will not, therefore,
be able to take stock. They only act as commis-
sioners. There is a provision 111 the bill to this
effect:
" Provided, That in any incorporation of tliemaelves. or
with others as stockholders or partners, to carry out 1l>e
provisions of this act, no person shall be peiinitted to Mill -
scribe stock to a greater amount than the cash value ot ills!
estate, to be determined by the parties herein named, by
oatii or otherwise."
These gentlemen act as incorporators. They
have to assemble in New York city or elsewhere,
for the purpose of incorporating this company.
It is a burden at the same time that it is an honor
conferred upon them. It is conferred upon them
because we believe that they are honest men, and
will in good faith carry out the terms of the law
in the organization of this company.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am amused. This
section confers absolute, unqualified franchise in
this work upon these gentlemen, and such per-
sons as they may associate with them. It is theirs;
and I am told that it is worth millions. Tlicre
is no obligation for them to take it, and they will
not take it, unless there is money in it. At an-
other time I will show that the clause referred to
by the gentleman—that no person shall be per-
mitted to subscribe for stock to a greater amount
than the cash value of his estate, to be determined
by the parties herein named, by oath or other-
wise—is the merest humbug, the merest decep-
tion.
What is a man's estate? Why, it is a specu-
lation, frequently. We all recollect the story of
the milk-maid, and her eggs and chickens. This
enterprise may make millionaires of men who do
not now, perhaps, own one acre of land in the
world. It is one of the easiest things for these
men to manage the matter for themselves. I in-
finitely prefer the practical proposition of the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] which
merely makes commissioners of these high dig-
nitaries, who will go into the thing for honor and
glory, and who will leave the enterprise to be
assumed by all who will step forward and sub-
scribe their hundreds, and thousands, and tens of
thousands, as circumstances may justify.
I say, then, that at least this section ought to
be stricken from the bill; and I shall, at the proper
time, offer a substitute for it, accompanied by a
very few brief words.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, obtained the
floor.
Mr. CURTIS. Unless the gentleman from
Washington desires to speak to this amendment,
I desire to close debate upon it, and have it dis-
posed of.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I prefer to
go 011 now. 1 wish, Mr. Speaker, to submit a
few observations in regard to the general subject-
matter of the first section of the bill before the
House. It has been well remarked, that the Pa-
cific railroad is the most important question now
before Congress.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Washington to allow a vote to be taken upon
this amendment while it is fresh in the minds of
members. He can himself then offer an amend-
ment upon which he can speak.
Mr. NOELL. Let the vote be taken upon this
amendment, and then I will offer an amendment
upon which the gentleman can speak.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I prefer to
go on now. I have listened with great interest
to the remarks submitted by the chairman of the
special committee, [Mr. Curtis.] and I have lis-
tened as a western coast man, anxious even to
concur in the proposition presented by the com-
mittee, if no better course can be pursued.
When this Congress enteis upon the question
of communication with the Pacific, it ought to be
borne in mind that it is inaugurating a policy
looking to the defense of that Pacific. It is in-
deed a question of the consolidation of an empire,
and it does seem to me that when we enter upon
its consideration, we should sec to it that we in-
auguiate a policy which will cover overy special
point which ought to be covered. I am very much
obliged, as I presume every member of this House
is, tor that map of our country [pointing to a
map unrolled before the House] which has been
brought m here to enable us to illustrate what we
may have to say.
Looking at that map, we all see the length and
breadth of our country, stretching from ocean to
ocean, and from the great water-line of the lakes
on the noitli, to the Mexican Gulf 011 the south.
That country extends north and south from the
thirty-second to the forty-ninth degree of north
latitude, a distance of twehe hundred miles. Now,
what is the solution afforded us by the select com-
mittee, in reference to the defense of that great
country? A single trunk line of road, passing
through the center of our country, passing six
hundred miles south of our northern frontier and
six hundred miles north of our southern frontier.
That is the solution they give us of this great prob-
lem of defense. We have, in that interior, a coun-
try stretching from the Pacific ocean to the Mis-
sissippiriver,adistancc ofeighteen hundred miles,
through which nearly our entire Army is now dis-
tributed. And where do youfind that Army? Do
you find the larger portion of it upon that central
route? A few weeks since an order was sent to
Camp Floyd, ordering more than one half the
troops there 111 camp to move southward to the
defense of New Mexico and Texas. It is upon
our southern frontiers, the borders of Texas, New
Mexico, and Arizona, that you find hostile tribes
of Indians, and to those points you send your
troops to protect the interior.
But more than that: looking at the condition of
thenorthern States of Mexico, we find them given
up to robbery and plunder by bands of guernl-
leros, who, making depiedations upon our borders,
have nearly precipitated a war between us and 1
Mexico. Within the last few months, bands of
organized robbers have crosscd tie Rio Grande,
killing our citizens, and plundering the inhabit-
ants of their property. ^Weknow that Mexico
is demoralized, and that she has no control over
these bands; and if we look to the question of
internal defense, the only way is to maintain the
American flag upon our southern borders to afford
protection to American citizens there. Now, sup-
■ pose you are called upon to move your troops to
that point: would you carry them to Salt Lake
City, and thence transport them overland to the
point of destination? or would you. transport them
to Sacramento, and thence southward ? Certainly
not. I say, then, that if you look to the question
of defense of our southern frontiers, it is indis-
pensable that there should be a southern route.
Now, let me go northward. What has been
the movement of our troops within the last month
upon the northern line of our country? We have
in Oregon and Washington no less than two thou-
sand troops. We have there as warlike bands
of Indians as any upon this continent. The War
Department has but recently sent the troops for
the department 01 Oregon up the Missouri river,
and they are now near Port Benton, and will soon
take the route overland to Oregon. Now, I ask
you how will this central route afford protection
to Washington and Oregon? Suppose the con-
trol road is built: will not troops for that quarter
still be sent up the Missouri, and thence overland
to Washington and Oregon? Will not that still
be the best route?
For the purposes of defense, then, we need three
routes. We need a northern route; we need a
southern route; and we need a central route; and
there is no possible antagonism between these
three routes, so far as concerns the necessity which
the Government will be under of using each for
the transportation of troops, supplies, and muni-
tions of war in the defense of the interior. If you
have only a central route, you cannot send troops
upon it for the defense of either the southern or
the northern portion of the country.
Let us now look to the western coasL,inviewof a
state of war. Recollect, Mr. Speaker, that we have
gone through one foreign war. We waged a war
against Great Britain; and what was the condition
of our country upon the sea-board? Did we have
the naval superiority > Nothing of the kind. Our
Government at first desired to keep our little Navy
at home, and not to risk iton the high seas. But,
thanks to the Stewarts and Morrises and Decaturs
of the last war, who remonstrated against that pol-
icy, they were finally allowed to scour the high
seas; and then followed the brilliant succession of
naval victories by which wo achieved the same
supremacy on sea that we have always achieved
on land. In the mean time, our ports were block-
aded and ourcountryravaged ;and even this beau-
tiful Capitol fell into the hands of the enemy. IIow
will it be on our western frontier' The Golden
Gate may be fortified and may furnish a refuge for
our vessels; but that would not enable us, when
we got our troops to San Francisco, to send them
by sea to the Columbia river or Piigut Sound, or
southward through the Gulf of California—oitr
gulf—to the defense of the line of the Gila; and a
large portion of the western coast would fall an
easy prey to an enterprising enemy. You want
a northern route, by which to send troops rapidly,
when that region of the country is menaced: and
you also want a southern route, to protect your
San Pedros, San Diegos, and other points on the
southern line.
There is another consideration which I wish to
dwell upon. Our southern region of territory is
not liable to serious attack from the marauders
to which reference has been made. We are not
likely to find ourselves in the position of having
Arizona wrested from us. We will simply be
annoyed there; but it is far different on this north-
ern line. It is vain for gentlemen to decry the
power, the enterprise, or tne forecast, of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain; and that Government
is our neighbor 011 the northern line. They have
struck a firm blow on British Columbia. They
have struck the rock, and the waters have gushed
out. They have organized the government, and
have developed the resources of both British
Columbia and Vancouver's Island. They have
opened roads there; and now that settlement is
confessedly one of the rising empires 011 the Pa-
cific coast. Victoria, 011 Vancouver's Island, a
