APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSION AL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36tii Cohg. .. .1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Heps.
September 28,1850; and 6,318,203 acres certified
to States, as falling to them under the grants for
railroad purposes.
During the same peiiod of time 13,817,221 acres
were surveyed and prepared for market, and
16,783,553 acres proclaimed and offered at public
sale. i
The aggregate quantity of public land that h&s
been surveyed, but not yet proclaimed or offered
at public sale, was, on the 30th of September,
1859,56,970,941 acres, and the estimated quantity
which had been offered at public sale, and re-
mained subject to private entry at the various
land offices, was 80,000,000 acres.
It will be seen that the cash receipts from sales
of public lands have been less than was antici-
pated in my last annual repot t, although the num-
ber of acres sold does not fall far short of the cal-
culation then made. The lands which, by a long
continuance in market, have graduated to low
priccs by virtue of the act of August 4,1854, have
been sold for cash. Those held at the minimum
©f-$l 25 per acre have been entered almost exclu-
sively with military bounty land warrants; and,
although large quantities of'fresh lands have been
brought mtu market by proclamation, less money
in proportion to the amount of land offeicd has
been received from sales than at any previous pe-
riod. The expectation in the public mind, that
Congress would pass a law making a gratuitous-
distribution of the public domain, and the convic-
tion that the passage of such a law would greatly
depreciate the value of land m the new States,
affords the only satisfactory explanation of tlus
great diminution in the revenue derived from sales.
XJntil the public mind is relieved from this expect-
ation, no reliable estimate can be made of the
amountof income which will bo received from this
source; but should this apprehension be removed,
the receipts will, without doubt, exceed the
amount of $2,000,000 for the last three quarters of
the present fiscal year, and $4,000,000 for the year
following.
In the early periods of the history of the coun-
try, Congress, in some cases, fixed by law the
times at which public sales in particular land dis-
tricts should be held, and, in others, directed the
sales to commoncc at such times as the President
should fix by proclamation. In carrying into
effect the act of April 24, 1820, regulating land
sales generally, it became the duty of the Presi-
dent to proclaim and offer for sale all the public
lands as they might be surveyed and prepared for
market.
Prior to the year 1841 the legislation of Con-
gress had not encouraged settlements upon the
public lands before they had been exposed to
public sale. The enactments granting preemp-
tion rights had been in the nature of relief laws,
by which trespasses were waived, and a prefer-
ence was given to those who were occupying
public lands at the dates of the several laws.
By the act of September, 4, 1841, settlements
upon unoffered surveyed lands were authorized;
and by several statutes of recent date, settlements
in particular States and Territories upon unsur-
veyed lands have been legalized and invited. All
qualified preemptors who occupy unoffered lands
are now allowed the privilege of entering the tracts
to which they arc entitled at any time before they
arc offered at public sale. But tliey are required
to avail themselves of this privilege before the day
fixed by the President's proclamation for the pub-
lic offering of the body of lands in the vicinity;
and, if they fail to do so, they forfeit their rights
of preemption, and the lands they have occupied
are liable to be sold to the highest bidder. Hence
the day of a public offering of lands becomes an
epoch of great importance to those who are set-
tlers thereon, and as the date of sale and the des-
ignation of the particular tracts to be advertised
are determined by the President in his discretion, 1
the exercise of that discretion becomes a matter
of difficulty and embarrassment.
"When the exigencies of the public Treasury
demand the free offering and sale of lands, it is
most likely to happen that settlers are least pre-
pared to make payment for thoirpreemptions; and
a conflict arises between the private interests of a
worthy class of citizens and the regular execu-
tion of the land laws. The consequence is, that
the most strenuous efforts are made, by petition
and personal appeals to the Chief Magistrate, to
induce a postponement of sales. This state of
things should never arise, and can be easily
avoided. The remedy is simple, and will prove
just and advantageous to the country at large, as
well as to the communities most deeply interested
in the matter.
I would recommend that a law be passed, in a
spirit of liberality to settlers on unoffered lands,
allowing to each two years, from the date of filing
his declaratory statement, within which to make
his proof and pay for his land; and, at the same
time, making it incumbent upon the President to
offer at public sale, by proclamation, all lands
that may have been surveyed by authority of
Congress, at any time within two years after the
plats of survey have been approved. As a pro-
tection against fraudulent preemptions, no one
should be permitted to effect an entry until after
theaexpiration of three months from the date of
filing his declaratory statements, and until he has
produced satisfactory proof of three months'con-
tinued residence upon the land claimed.
• By the adoption of such amendments the Pres-
ident would have before him a plain path of duty
m bringing lands into market. No one could bo
taken by surprise; no expectations could be en-
tertained, or calculations made, which would de-
pend for solution on the exorcise of Executive
discretion. Bona fide preemptors would be pro-
tected in the possession of the tracts upon which
they had settled, and indulged with ample time
within which to pay for theni; and our entire land
system would work with such simplicity, justice,
and general benefit to the Government and the
citizen, as has never been attained in any other
country possessed of largo bodies of unoccupied
land.
The advantages and profits arising from the
first settlement of a new country ought to be en-
joyed by the early settlers. They have peculiar
hardships and privations to undergo, especial dan-
gers ana labors to encounter. The law does not
contemplate that they shall have any competition,
except from other actual settlers, in selecting the
most fertile lands and the choicest locations. But
as all other citizens are debarred the privilege of
purchasing a single tract until the lands are reg-
ularly in market, there ;s reason to believe thnt
| the withholding 0f lands from a public offering,
j and consequently from private entry, has often
proved a temptation to fraud, and an inducement
to perjury; and unscrupulous speculators profit
by it more than any other class.
Iiow great this temptation to fraud is, may be
inferred from the fact that, in many instances,
lands which have "been entered at $1 25 per acre
have bem sold m twelve months after entry at
from ten to one hundred doilars per acre.
Opposition to the public sale of the surveyed
lands arises in certain communities, also, from
the expectation that Congress will change the
established policy of selling homesteads to settlers
at a price, and adopt a new one of giving to them
one hundred and sixty acres of land, or more, on
condition of residence thereon fora term of years;
and of reserving the unoftered public domain from
all other disposition, in order to afford a continu-
ous supply for future donations.
The enactment of a law embracing such objects
would work a change hostile to all preceding legis-
lation in reference to the public lands; a change,
in my judgment, unsound in principle and fraught
with ruinous consequences in its practical appli-
cation.
Grants of a genera) character have heretofore
been made to States for objects of public benefit—
for schools, for internal improvements, for the
reclamation of swamps, and the construction of
railroads and public buildings; and the principle
on which this policy has been inaugurated and
sanctioned is, that the United States, as a propri-
j etor, receives, from the application of the grants
I to the prescribed uses, a compensation m the en-
hanced value and salablcness of the remaining
lands. Congress has also, irom time to time,
authorized the issuance of bounty land warrants
for military services rendered. Adherence to this
policy has strengthened the military power of the
1 Republic, and encouragcd a prompt response to
all calls for volunteers, in time of war. Special
donations of land have heretofore been made in
Florida, in Oregon, and Washington, and in New
Mexico, with a view to the early establishment
of a population there, which would strengthen
the frontier and serve as a military defense of the
country.
The entire system of grants and donations is
thus shown to have been framed with reference to
resulting ends highly important to the Federal
Government; and-it is but just to say that those
ends have been, to a good degree, attained, and
that the United States is now realizing the bene-
fits of former grants. Should, however, the new
policy of a gratuitous distribution of the public
lands be adopted, it is evident that, Vhile an un-
due stimulus will be given to emigration, land
bounty can no longer be held out as an induce-
ment to future military service, the ten million
acres of bounty land warrants already issued and
now outstanding will be greatly depreciated, the
donations pledged to the new States will become
worthless, and those heretofore made will be
seriously impaired in value.
The laws by which the survey and sale of the
public lands arc now regulated have been the
growth of more than half a century. The gen-
eral preemption law has been in force more than
eighteen years, and was framed after an experi-
ence of forty years under special and limited en-
actments on the same subject. All the enactments
regulating sales and preemptions have been care-
fully adjusted with reference to each other, and
their practical bearings have become settled and
generally known to the people of the whole coun-
try. The radical change of this policy, so well
matured, so harmoniously arranged in its details,
so long subsisting and well understood, so gener-
ally approved by the people of the country, and so
triumphantly vindicated in the prosperous growth
of the new States under its operation, ought to be
considered with great care and deliberation, and
adopted with great caution, more particularly
when the policy proposed as a substitute has been
repeatedly tried on a small scale, and has as often
failed.
In my annual report of last year, allusion was
made to the signal failure of the donation system
in Florida. That devised and enacted for Oregon
in 1850, which required a residence of four con-
secutive years to perfect a title, appears to have
been adjusted with more care and wisdom, but it
could not stand the test of practical application.
Before two years had elapsed the settlers petitioned
for the privilege of paying for their chums and ob-
taining titles, and Congress yielded to their re-
quest. By the act of February 14, 1853, such
provision of law was made as had been asked;
and beyond that, Congress, by the same act, fixed
a time within which claims under the net of 3850
should be presented, or thereafter be forever ban ed.
Thus the system in Oregon was abandoned before
the causes which led to its adoption had ceased
to exist.
In now settlements land and improvements are
the chief articles of commerce. The true pioneer
spends his life in the woods. When the frontier
moves, he moves with it. The improvements ho
has made he sells to some n$w comer who is not
inured to the hardships of a first beginning, and
after a few years he, too, sells to one who desires
to establish himself at once in a comfortable house
and improvements. On each transfer, the settler
begins his term of residence anew.
Such is the true sketch of the process of estab-
lishing and extending communities in the wilder-
ness.
The system of donations, therefore, while op-
erating with flagrant injustice to the citizens of
the older States, would not give satisfaction to
those now occupying public lands with a view of
complying with existing laws, nor would it pro-
mote the prosperity of those States and Territo-
ries in which the unsold lands are situated. As
the titles to lands occupied by claimants would
remain m the United States until after the condi-
tions of the donation law were fulfilled, the lands
could not be taxed, nor could they be used in any
emergency us a basis of credit by those who held
them in possession.
The prevalence of such a system in any new
community would exclude the introduction of
capital from abroad, would retard improvements
of every kind, would repress local enterprise and
