1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
curved in reporting the bill which came from the
committee. I concurred in it, first, because I be-
lieved the character of the corporators was such
as to insure its completion in the shortest possible
time. That was the leading and controlling mo-
tive that operated upon my mind. If it was de-
sirable at all, it was desirable that the work should
be confided to those 111 whose hands we might have
the most confidence of securing the rapid comple-
tion of the work.
The measure which Is now submitted by the
Senator from Maryland was also antagonized to
this bill in the committee; and the same reasons
were urged there that have been urged here in its
favor. In my opinion, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, they are not well founded; and I concur
fully with the chairman in saying that, in my judg-
ment, the Metropolitan Railroad Company may
be regarded as a defunct thing, whether they get
this charter or not; and I think it is the best illus-
tration, legislatively, that I have ever known of
what Virgil describes as binding dead carcasses to
living bodies. Thiscorporation,I say,inmyjudg-
ment, is to be regarded as a defunct corporation.
Some six or seven years ago persons subscribed
money to it, but they never paid a dollar, or very
few dollars.
Mr. BROWN. I will state in that connection,
if my colleague on the committee will allow me,
that the city of Georgetown made a subscription
to the Metropolitan Railroad Company, and sub-
sequently withdrew the subscription and trans-
ferred the money to thaLoudoun and Hampshire
road—the live one.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was going to make the
same remark. They subscribed, I think, on pa-
per about half a million dollars—a nominal sum.
Perhaps enough to make-the survey was paid in,
and to save their charter the work commenced—
one spadefull of dirt dug, it may have been to
save the limitation in their charter, which was for
a railroad from Georgetown to the Point of Rocks.
It was designed to save the angle made by the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad from Harper's Perry
to the Relay House, and thence to this place. The
saving, I think, was some forty miles. Thecoun-
try between the Point of Rocks and Georgetown,
as the Senator from Maryland I think has well
said, cannot justify the expectation of very large
dividends if the road ever should be made. In
my judgment, it never could pay running ex-
penses. If it could connect with all the travel
from .(he West at the Point of Rocks, and secure
that travel to this place, it might be of sorne value;
certainly of vastly more value than it can be now,
because the Loudoun and Hampshire road is now
constructed some ninety miles, and is to tap the
western road some eighty miles west of the Point
of Rocks, and will thus secure the western travel
to this place which it v/as designed originally to
secure over the Metropolitan route from the Point I
of Rocks to Georgetown. It is a direct road, and j
comes within about live miles of Georgetown on
the south, and lias the right to connect with
Georgetown directly, by a bill which we have
passed this morning.
Now, sir, looking at all the antecedents of the
Metropolitan road—looking at the fact that its
stockholders who had money have not paid it in;
looking at the fact that it has slumbered all this
time, and will slumber always, in my judgment,
whether you give it this franchise or not—I say
it presents no ctxsS which commends it to our fa-
vorable judgment. I have my own opinions about
this railway. I have formed them from the best
opinions I can gather. My judgment is, that this
bill, which the committee has reported, will not
for years afford a sufficient remuneration to the
men who invest their capital in the enterprise. I
know such is not their opinion; but I know that
in our large cities, where there must necessarily
be very much more travel than there is here, these !
roads are failing to be remunerative. A road from j
Georgetown to the Cap'itol gate might be excel- j
lentproperty; but when you compel the corpora- j
tion to run cars from the Capitol gate to the navy- ;
yard, and when you compel them to go from the j
junction of Seventh street to the northern limits of j
the city or to M street, these branches must neces-
sarily be non-paymg. Taken as a whole, the effect
will be beneficial to the city; but when y^ju take
the thing as a whole, as presented in this bill, I
do not believe it will be as remunerative as it ought
to be to any corporators who may construct the
work. But suppose it is largely remunerative:
what is the Clause ill your bill? At anytime
Within ten years you«iav reduce the fares 
Mi;. PEARCE. After ten years.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me see:
• Provided, however, That at any time within ten years
after the completion ofsaid roaiK, tile Congress of the United
States shall liave power to alter, fix, and regulate the fare.
&e. '
And then, I think, after every succeeding five
yfcars. Suppose the work should be found-ex-
ceedingly remunerative; supposeall that the Met-
ropolitan gentlemen say of it should turn out to
be true, and it should be vastly productive—so
productive that you can build other roads in neigh-
boring States upon it: what then would be the
duty of Congress? It would be, to reduce the
fare to that limitation which should only make it
a paying road to the corporators; for I take it the
good people of this city and those who come here
ought not to be taxed in a right within their
municipal boundaries with rates so high that
they shall be compelled to contribute to build
roads m adjoining States. I do not myself be-
lieve it will be very remunerative; but assuming
it should be vastly so, then I say the power which
Congress has retained to itself in this charter
should be, and in my judgment would be exer-
cised, and very properly.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him > I think he does not correctly un-
derstand the proposition. It is that, at any"time
within ten years, Congress may alter and fix the
rate of charge for the ensuing five years; not that
they may at once bring the charge down; but
they may at any time within ten years provide
in advance for the chargc for the succeeding five
years.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand it precisely so;
but I understand that you must have a series of
years; you must have a sufficient time to test the
whole work, and see what it will produce. Two
years, perhaps, would hardly be a fair test; but
after you have tested it, I understand the bill
precisely as the Senator does. Whenever that
period of time arrives that a test has been fairly
made, and you find it is paying twenty-five per
cent.—I do not believe it will pay three, but as-
sume that it will pay twenty-five per cent.—what
then will be the duty of Congress ? I say its plain
and palpable duty will be to exercise the power it
has reserved here in this charter, because you
ought not to tax the people in this District exor-
bitantly to build roads in neighboring States.
I am aware that the amendment submitted by
the Senator from Maryland contains a provision
that the road shall be Completed within six months,
while the bill reported by the committee gives to
the parties eighteen months. If was a question
well considered in the committee whether that
should not be. reduced to twelve; and I am in-
clined now to think it might be reduced to twelve
months, but I think the clause in the Senator's
amendment—[do not mean to impute it to him—
conveys a suspicion upon the whole thing. I
affirm that it cannot be done in six months. I
affirm that it cannot be prudently and economically
completed in six months; and the result would
be, if they made the attempt and partially made
the work, they would come and say, " we have
exercised due diligence; wq have invested our
property here; now you must extend the time to
us; you must give us sufficient additional time in
which to complete t.he work." The time named
in the Senator's proposition is so short, that in-
stead of commending itself to my judgment as
favorable, it creates, I confess, a suspicion. I
have no opinions of my own that I form on my
own experience upon these points; but I speak
that which is communicated to me by practical
men—hymen who know all about these works—
and I rely upon them, as I am bound to rely on
them, for the best information I can have. Now
I believe the best thing we can do will he to be
rid of this matter: to pass the bill; to give the fran-
chise to the men who will combine capacity and
ability enough to insure the completion of the
work in the shortest period of time, and be rid of
it ourselves, and have the work in process of con-
struction.
Mr. PEARCE. As to the impossibility of com-
pleting this railway in six months, that may well
be the Senator's opinion; but I am of an entirely
different opinion, and I have formed my opinion
not on any information given to pie by anybody
else, but upon my observation-of the time within
which other railroads, of equat'extent, have been,
laid down in othercities. There is no grading to
be done. It is simply to take up the pavement,
put down your timbers, lay your rails upon them,
and the road is done. If three miles of such rail-
j road cannot be completed in six months, then,
| sir, the company that cannot do it has not the
I slightest particle of energy, and never will do it.
It is not a thing of any difficulty at all. The
great difficulty in laying down a railroad is pre-
paring the track—the bed of the road ; but here it
is prepared already; the streets are graded. There '
is nothing on earth to be done but to take up the
stones with which the streets are paved, and lay
down the timbers and iron. If they have the
money; as they say they have, they can easily
lay down the rails within the time required. It
is not a bogus proposition. These men are not
the men to impose on the Government. They
would not be willing to make themselves ridicu-
lous by ofieripgto dowhattheycouldnotdo. The
men who are named have the means among them-
selves. Mr. Ogle Taylor himself has ample abil-
ity to build the whold of this road, if he pleases;
and there are several gentlemen of large property
among them, as I know. They can do it, and do
1 it within six months.
| Now, in regard to the remonstrance which was
| read by the Senator from Mississippi, I have re-
[ ceived a note signed by one of the Messrs. Park-
| er, for the firm of George & Thomas Parker, in
| which they desire that their names shall be erased
! from that memorial against the grajit to the
I Metropolitan railroad. They say they signed it
under a misapprehension.
Mr. Parker says:
" I wa<* under the impression they only contemplated go-
! ins from the Capitol to Georgetown; but, on seeing their
; bill, I find they intend going to the Navy-Yard, and down
I Seventh stieet, from tiie boundary to the river; and there-
j fore, I am in tuvorof yourrond in preference to the other."
I There is something added, which I do not ex-
J actly understand, but perhaps, in all fairness, I
I ought to read it:
| " Hut I am still in favor of the Citizens' road, believing
j that to be based on principles the most ju-t and proper.
You are authorized to have my name taken off the memo-
1 rial."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a third proposi-
tion.
Mr. PEARCE. That, I understand, is aban-
doned. There were three; one is abandoned, and
the only propositions now here are the one sub-
mitted by the Senator from Mississippi and the
one submitted by myself. Then in regard to the
remonstrance of gentlemen who had subscribed to
the Metropolitan railroad, I have a list of their
names, and the amounts of their subscriptions,
j Their subscriptions amounted to §4,450; so that
! the remonstrants are as §4,450 to about §500,000.
! I shall not trouble the Senate with any extended
I discussion on this subject. We talked about it
I a great deal last year, and I desire to say just as
I little as is necessary.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have an
objection to the amendment offered by the Sena-
' tor from Maryland, which is conclusive with me.
| I do not think we have the power to pass any
{ such proposition. I am afraid that it will involve
■ this whole matter in inextricable legal difficulty,
' and the result will be that the construction of this
; railroad will be indefinitely postponed. There is
: a corporation now existing, organized under the
| laws of the State of Maryland, for the building of
; a railroad from one point to another; and the prop-
1 osition is that Congress shall give to the directors
of that road—I think the amendment is not very
clear whether it is to be given to the directors or
(O the stockholders—but in its first section it gives
to the directors, as a corporation organized under a
new name here, the power to build a different road
from that contemplated by the original charter;
and it provides that that road, when thus built,
shall be practically the property of the Maryland
corporation, for all its profits are to go to them.
This proposition is made to us without the me-
morial of the stockholders of the company, but
upon the memorial of the directors, m opposition
to the remonstrance of some of the stockholders,
at least.
Now, sir, there is one principle of law, which
I believe has been established by the concurrent
jurisprudence of nearly every State in our Union,
