1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2415
for the support of a Pacific railroad. On the con-
trary, everywhere, north, south, east, and west,
it will be settled by a farming or pastoral commu-
nity; and I hope to live long' enough, without
looking forward to a very long life, to see agri-
cultural and mining communities growing up in
that interior which shall constitute an element of
peace and concord among the States of this Union.
They will be glorious settlements. The atmos-
phere is pure; the influences of the scenery are
elevating; and you may take my word for it, you
will have there a race of men of whom this coun-
try will be proud.
And this brings mo to the consideration of what
part the way travel will bear in supporting a Pa-
cific railroad.
Mr. BOYCE. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Washington Territory in reference to
the region of country known as Lord Selkirk's
settlement, which is represented in some reports
as being a very fine region of country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I cannot
speak from observation, for 1 have never been
there; but it is represented to be a very fine coun-
try.
What part, I say, will the way travel play in
the support of a Pacific railroad ? Now, Mr.
Speaker, if you build three roads there will be no
more antagonism between these roads, so far as the
way travel is concerned, than there would be ri-
valry in the Government transportation of troops,
supplies, arms, and the munitions of war. If we
have a nerthern and southern, as well as a,central
road, you will find that you will not only have
the support of our own country, but of the British
colonies on the north, and of the northern States
and provinces of Mexico oil the south. Mexico
having no communication from her interior by
railroad, and having no interior water lines, will
have to depend, in all her northern States and
provinces, upon this southern road; and thus you
will have her a contributor to your commerce and
strength; and so it will be in reference to the Sas-
katchewan country, British Columbia, and Van-
couver's Island. They will also be made tributary
to your commerce; and thus you will have, so far
aa commerce is concerned, the lines of your fron-
tier stretched some six degrees north and as many
south. Youwill havea commercial country stretch-
ing over thirty degrees of latitude instead of sev-
enteen degrees. Is not that a prize worth con-
tending for ?
But it maybe said that that enterprising people
which has built the Grand Trunk railroad in the
Canadas, the longest continuous road, under one
direction, on the face of the globe, costing some
sixty million dollars, will also build a road
through the British possessions to the Pacific,
which will compete with ournorthern road. Well,
sir, perhaps they will, but not in our day, and
for this reason; in order to make a road profitable,
and compete with other parallel lines of travel,
it must have certain characteristics; it must be a
shorter hr.e, or it must be a line of easier grades.
Now, we know the fact that a road through the
British possessions, from their riavagable waters
on the east to Puget Sound or the Georgian Gulf,
on the west, is some two or three hundred miles
longer than the distance by our northern line, and
that the grades required in crossing the Rocky
Mountain passes are much greater. A road can-
not be built through the British possessions which
can compete with our northern road. It will bo
longer, more costly and more unfavorable in grade;
and when completed, the expenses of running it
will be greater, and, of course, the charges for
transportation higher than on our moie favorable
northern route. I say, then, that we may calcu-
late largely upon the contribution which will bo
made to our commerce by the several British
colonies, from the greatlakes to thePacific, if this
northern road shall be built.
I desire, in this connection, to submitsome sta-
tistics which I have before me. The distance
from Seattle to Lake Superior, by the northern
route, is seventeen hundred and fifty miles, and
to Chicago, twenty-one hundred and fifty miles;
while from San Francisco to Chicago, by the cen-
tral route, the distance is twenty-four hundred
and eighty-one miles. It is, then, more than three
hundred miles less distance from Puget Sound or
Vaucouvei, on the Columbia river, to Chicago,
by the northern route, than from San Francisco
to Chicago by'the central route; or, if we com-
pare the distances from those points to the com-
mencement of lake navigation, at the head of
Lake Superior and Chicago, respectively, the dis-
tance is more than seven hundred miles in favor
of the northern route.
Again, San Francisco is nearer, by the south-
ern route, on the average, to the great ports of the
Atlantic, by some two hundred miles, than by
the central route.*
Now, sir, if we consider the grades, there is an
extraordinary disparity between some of these
routes. It has been assumed by engineers, in
order to compare roads, that we must reduce them
to level roads; that is, we must allow, for ascents
and descents, one foot for every fifty-two feet
and a fraction of rise and fall. If we apply this
formula to these several routes, we find the north-
ern route rising into great significance as a route
of commerce and communication. We find the
sum of ascents and descents on the northern route
to be twenty-one thousand seven hundred and
eighty-seven feet; on the central route, twenty-
nine thousand one hundred and twenty feet, and
on the southern route, thirty-eight thousand two
hundred feet; and applying this practical formula
of the engineers, and contrasting the northern
route with the central route, we find that we reach
the waters of the great lakes from Puget Sound
by the northern route in eight hundred and sev-
enty-five miles less distance than from San Fran-
cisco by the central route. Therefore, I submit to
gentlemen that the great route of commerce is the
northern route. The central route, as regards
commerce, is purely a local route, and it can never
be anything more.
Mr. CURTIS. How much of the year is Lake
Superior frozen up ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I was coming
to that point. It is a point which has much en-
gaged my attention. My answer is, that the en-
terprise, the sagacity, the boldness, the good sense
of the people of the St. Lawrence basin have
already provided railroads for us to move our
freights when the lakes are frozen up.
Here is the advantage of both the northern and
southern routes. Each connects with existing lines
of railroads, and also with great water lines. You
have your choice to go to the western end of Lake
Superior, and then to tranship directly to Europe,
or to go by rail to the cities of the Atlantic coast,
and there tranship.
So of the southern route. You may send by
rail to the ultimate point of destination on the
Gulf andAtlanticcoast,oryou may seek thenear-
est port, and avail yourself of the water line. You
will in either case send by rail all the costly and
perishable articles. We have had significant ex-
perience in this matter. I will not simply refer
to theories, but I will stand on the experience
which we actually have. Standing on that, I
would endeavor to show the part which these va-
rious routes must play. Why, Mr. Speaker,
the inquiry has been seriously entertained as to
whether the current of the Mississippi river has
not been changed, and whether it does not flow
upwards instead of downwards, for we now find
freights of cotton going from Memphis up the
Mississippi river to the lakes or the lines of rail-
roads, and finding finally a destination at Port-
land, Boston, and other points. It shows the part
that railroads and the interior water lines are to
play when the question is to save time. Where
canals and railroads are parallel, the proportion
of merchandise sent by rail is constantly increas-
ing, while the proportion by canals is constantly
diminishing. I have not the slightest doubt, if
we establish great overland railroads, connect-
ing them with our net work of railioads, which
are covering the entire country to a long dis-
tance west of the Mississippi liver, and with our
great northern and southern water lines (the great
lakes and the Gulf of Mexico) that a large por-
tion of the trade between Asia and Europe will
pass over these overland railroad lines. The sav-
ing of time will be of great moment. You can
make your round trips m about one third of the
time that you can by rounding either Cape; and
time is an element which will act with irresistible
influence to determine the course of trade.
I desire now, Mr. Speaker, to dwell a little on
* For the tables m detail, on which these statistics are
founded, I will let'er to my address on the Northwest, and
mv letter on the northern loute to the convention at Van-
couver.
some practical difficulties which have been sug-
gested to-day, and I am very glad that they came
from my friends whoarenotacquainted with hand-
ling these practical difficulties. I am glad that the
objections do not come from the men who are not
afraid of the snow and ice of the frozen regions <
of the North. It would seem that there is a prone-
ness in mankind to dwell constantly upon past
errors, and to be unwilling to consider the facts
which _ have been established by experience.
What is this question about snow ? Have we seen
snow for the first time? Have we handled snow
for the first time? Are we building railroads
through snow countries for the first time ? How
is it with the roads in the Canadas, in Wisconsin,
and in Maine? How is it with the roads in Si-
beria and in Russia? Why, Mr. Speaker, they
are running in Russia the iron car from Moscow
to St. Petersburg, and they are projecting roads
at this time to connect Moscow with the settle-
ments upon the Amoor, crossing into Asia over
mountain barriers, going north of the fiftieth par-
allel, and through regions where for three months
the thermometer never rises above zero. Russia
has found, from her experience in running roads
from Moscow to St. Petersburg, that she can do
this. Why cannot we profit by this experience?
I recollect that I lived in Maine when the peo-
ple of that State projected the road from Portland
to Montreal, and then the same objections were
made to that road on account of snow, which
gentlemen in this House are now making against
the northern and central routes. The argument
was replied to at the time successfully; and, what
is better, the cars have since been successfully
run over those snowy regions. I will tell you
where you will find your cars obstructed. Take
one of the little coast roads in Maine, New Hamp-
shire, or Massachusetts, where two or three
inches of snow fall, and then let a cold night come
on, and freeze it to the rail, and you will be de-
tained. Go to the southern portions of Illinois,
where the snow falls soft and packs hard, and
youwill find difficulty. In Wisconsin, Nebraska,
Minnesota, or the country west, the snow falls
light, and there is not the slightest difficulty in the
snow-plow throwing it off. 1 know what 1 affirm
as regards the snow upon the northern route and
the snow on the central route. It will never be
an obstacle. I think it would indeed be a great
misfortune if we did not have a railroad line south.
On that route more difficulty will be found from
drifting sand-storms than on the northern routes
from snow; that is, if I may believe what my
friend, Governor Gholson, of Washington Ter-
ritory, told me of his trip. He crossed over the
southern route by the overland stage-coach, and
for a week he could scarcely see two feet before
him, m consequence of the clouds of sand. I am
told by travelers, arid by officers of the several
exploring expeditions, that there are certain por-
tions where the sand drifts heavily; and I hava
myself seen, in the vicinity of Walla Walla, sand
hillocks rolled up, in the course of a short time,
twenty feet high.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman will permit
me, I wish to present a fact which will be an an-
swer to all he has said about the sandy desert
along the southern route; and that is, that a stage
has been run semi-weekly over that route, at the
rate of forty or fifty miles a day, and it was not
impeded by that sandy desert which is so fre-
quently averred to exist upon that route.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I am much
obliged to my friend for his statement. He ap-
preciates the force of my argument; and i wish
him, therefore, to understand how futile it is to
talk about the snow storms of the North. I have
read the report of the explorers of the southern
route, and I have conversed with many of the
officers who have gone over it, and I am satisfied
that the construction of a railroad over that route
is entirely feasible; and that, with irrigation, there
will be a largo quantity of agricultural laud de-
veloped there.
The remarks which I have made in reference to
the snow upon the northern route apply with
equal force to the cold weather. When we re-
member the fact that a mail has been sent from
St. Paul to Pembina for a dozen years or more;
that in the winter the mail is sent from St. Paul
to La Crosse in twenty hours, a distance of one
hundred and eighty miles; that in Siberia the
Russian Government sends a mail over a route
