2416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
of three thousand four hundred miles in twenty-
seven days, and an express over the same route
in seventeen and eighteen days, and in some in-
stances in as short a time as fifteen days—a coun-
try where the thermometer is below zero for three
months in the year—I must say that X do not be-
lieve that our hardy American people, whose
pride it is to conquer the wilderness and the sav-
age,and whose boast it is to make the wilderness
and the desert to blossom as the rose, are going
to be frightened because occasionally the ther-
mometer there falls twenty degrees below zero.
Our people have faith in these railroad enter-
prises, and they have confidence in the engineer-
ing ability which has been developed m our
railroad experience. Our capitalists are ready to
embark in them, whenever Government will come
forward with its aid. Looking, then, to the de-
fense of that western coast, north and south—
looking to the development of our interior—I ask
Congress to weigh every step, and I implore them
not to allow this opportunity to pass away for
making Asia tributary to our development, and
of causing the commerce of the world to pass
through our own borders.
[APPENDIX.
uMy own attention has been specially given to the agri-
cultural capacities of the interior, and it lias been my puv-
ilege to have had large opportunities of personal observation
in the Territones of Nebraska and Washington. Fiom the
facts developed in the explorations which I have conduetcd
over the noithern legions, and fiom all the information 1
have been able to gain fiom reports and individuals of the
country southwaid, f am satisfied that much larger por-
tions,of the nueriot are arable than is now generally ad-
mitted in official reports and in scientific papers. The
agricultural resource* of our interior arc sufheient for the
foundation of large communities and States in the very
heait of our continent. They arc sufficient, in connection
witli the extensive giazing regions with which they are m-
tcnmngled, for an almost continuous and unbroken settle-
ment fiom the Mississippi to the shores of the Pacific.
" I have very carefully studied the statistics of popula-
tion, agiicultural products, climate, and soil of the coun-
tries of southern Itu.ssia, and have, in my investigation of
the same featmes in Nebiaska and Washington, had occa-
sion to make a careful comparison between them. The
information in regard to bouthern Russia is derived from
the commentaries oi M. L. l>e Tegoborskhion thepioduct-
lve forces of Russia, a work of extraordinary reseaieh and
fullness of infonnation. Lie gives numerous statistics in
regard to the climate, agricultural products, and population
of the region of the Stepper, mid embracing the govern-
ments of Bessarabia, Kherson, Ekatherinoslaw, Taunde,
(Crimea,) Stavropol, (Caucasia,) Astrakhan, and the coun-
try of the Don Cossack*, (which extend from the mouth of
the Danube along the shores of the Black sea, the Soa of
Azov, and across the lower parts of the Don, the Volga, and
the Ural, into the plains of Central Asia.) These all he
between latitude 49° and the IMdck sea, excepting Stav-
ropol and Astrakhan, which extend south between it and
the Caspian sen, to latitude -14°.
"In 1851, including the Government of Koursk, which
lies north of latitude 49°, the population of tills region,
containing an aiea ot 262,000 equate miles, ranged from 98
souls to the square mile, as in the Government of Koursk,
through the intermediate numbers of 49.8, (Bessarabia,)
y8.8, (EkatherinosUuv,) 32, (Kherson,) 26 G, (Taunde,)
17.0, (Stavropol,) 12.0, (Don Cossack*,) down to 8.8 in the
Government of Astrakhan. Five of these provinces pro-
duce more grain than they consume, the export suifeit
being 18,000,000 bushels; two bullicient for home con-
sumption, and Astrakhan only imports it. The average le-
turn, for the same provinces is six times the amount ot seed
sown, while for the whole empire it is only four. In 1847
over 2,000,000 bushels of potatoes were raised in the five
provinces bordering on the Black sea. Beet-root sugar is
an important product. Large quantities of wine are man-
ufactured, and large quantities of fiuit are pioduced. To-
bacco is grown to a considerable extent. In tins legion
are over 2,000,000 horses, and nearly 5,000,000 cattle, and
12,000,000 xsheep. These provinces are, in fact, the most
productive portion of Russia in Europe. Yet Nebiaska
will compare favorably with them in temperature, amount
of moistuie precipitated, the constituents of the soil, and
geneial geographical position. Both regions are mainly
regions of prairie, and laige portions of each are destitute
of wood. The comparison, however, in all these respects,
is in favor of Nebiaska; and >et the population of the
province of Koursk is much den&er than that of any of our
best agricultural States of the Mississippi valley, and the
average of these six provinces exceeds the aveiage of the
Mississippi nver States, and the population is rapidly in-
creasing by immigration from the more northern regions of
Russia.
" Crossing the mountains to Washington Territory, the
comparison is vastly in favor of the latter. The climate is
much milder than m southern Russia, and more moisture is
deposited. Indeed, the climate ot Washington is superior
to that of any part of western New York, of Michigan, Wis-
consin, or Minnesota. The greater part of eastern and
northern central Washington is wooded, the forest growth
being large, and with frequently a luxuriant undeigiowth.
" The analyses of the soii and of the minerals, moreover,
in Nebraska and Washington, show that the soil is good,
and that both abound in fertilizing material, and that the
country will excel as a grain-growing country, i twill also
be remarkable for the growing of fruit and vegetables.
" ft seems to me there has been a want of just research
and discrimination in treating of the subject of moisture m
relation to crops. On a small farm eve$> where the surface
i* jkrugmar auJ liie soils various, a given 'pi.tnUiv it moist
uie will be in excessfor some portions, and be deficlentfor
others in oider to the largest return. Because the moisture
of the intcriorof Washington is much less than on the coast,
it docs not follow that the former is deficient in moisture.
On the coast a large quantity ot the moistuie. falling in the
winter, runs off and torms no part of the moisture that en-
ters into the crop the following season. It is only a careful
comparison of the experience of the other countries of sim-
ilar circumstances in icgard to soil, moisture, and climate,
that will enable us to form just conclusions in the absence
of practical experience. But fortunately we have now some
practical experience, to which I will briefly advert.
"California is now universally acknowledged to be a
great agricultural State, and, as the peculiarities of the cli-
mate have become known, there is no difficulty in so ar-
ranging the seed-time as to insure a good return from sea-
son to season. Yet their driest seasons are as dry as the
interior of Washington. Large fanning settlements have
been planted in the interior, at the Dalles, in the Yakima
country, at the Walla Walla, at Colville, and in the east-
ern portion of Washington. Their returns have been uni-
formly good, and the country is now generally acknowl-
edged at the Northwest to be agood farming country. Our
early explorers have generally appreciated the value of that
country. Lewis and Clarke, in the nanative of their gieat
exploration, describe the eastern portion of central Wash-
ington as an exucmely fertile region; a region of several
hundred miles in length, and about fifty miles wide; and,
in their detail of then days' journey, they describe minutely
what they observed in passing through this region. I have
followed their trail through the Walla Waila and into the
Nez Perces country, and as I wound my way over the roll-
ing prairies, 1 was chauned with the accuracy of their de-
scription, and then just appreciation of the agiicultural ex-
cellence of the country. In 1855,1 camped on the Missouri,
some three months ot the summer and fall, and watched
attentively the effect of showers on the growth of grass, and
the aspect of the counhy from month to month. I then be-
came satisfied that mo«.t of the table land in the region of
the Upper Missouri would iurnish excellent returns for
wheat and other cereals, and that a large portion ot the
country was emphatically a good agricultural country.
" iMoicover, it does not seem to me that the absence of
trees in the gt'eat praiiies of the interior is to be explained
by a want oi the neee >aiy moisture, not only for the r«a-
£•011 that large unwooded regions exist where latge quanti-
ties of moisture aie deposited, but because it can be satis-
factory accounted foi by other causes. As regards Wash-
ington Tcnitory, west of the Cascades, neaily nine tenths
of its <?uiface i^ wooded. The country is hilly or undu-
lating, abounding m lakes, stieams, swamp-., and wet
piaities. The piames thete have precisely the same phys-
ical aspect duiing the summer month-*, when no rain talis
west of the Cascades, as the more extensive prairies east
of the mountains. The soil, when exposed to view, shows
as little moisture. The only difference in the maturing and
ripening of the eiops i*, that they arc somewhat cat her east
than we-t of the Cascades. I am ot opinion that fire has
been the potential element, in connection with a pro-
nounced dry season—that is, a season of some two or three
months continuous dry weather—depriving the surface of
the earth ot wood, operating equally west and east of the
Cascade^ of Washington, ovei the extensive praiiies ot Ne
braska, thiough the pianie legion of the Mississippi valley,
and the large pranies m the noithem poitionsof several ot
the Gulf States. The woodless poition of western Wash-
ington ha-< been MiialJ, because the consuming element has
h^cn arrested constantly bv lakes, rivets, b'wamps, wet
pianies,and hillsides. There has been no such baruer in
central Wa>lunaton, m Nebiaska, and the prairies of the
West; but the consuming llames have spread far and wide,
leaving immense tracts entirely denuded of their piesent
growth. It is known that the gia«s ot these prairies is
swept off each yeai by fnes, and that the grass immediately
springs up anew. On the pranies of wes-tcrn and eastern
Washington, and of Nebiaska, fiuit trees have been set out
and have grown well without irrigation, going to show that
there is moisture enough for the growth of tree*. Accord-
ing to Pie&cott, the table lands of Central Mexico were
covered with forests at the time of the conquest, which have
since been swept away by firc.,J]
Mr. CURTIS. I hope we shall now take a
vote upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Texas.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Iowa that it seems to ine that, in the
view of many, the vote which shall be given upon
the amendments to the first section of this bill will
be likely to be decisive of the fate of the bill, and
therefore I would be glad to say what I desire to
say upon the bill at this time.
The subject before the House is certainly one
of the most important that can engage the atten-
tion of the American people. The subject before
us looks forward to the establishment of a com-
munication between the Atlantic States of this
Union and the great Pacific coast. That question
is one that is important to the whole world, and
one might say a great deal upon that subject
which would undoubtedly be useful to the mem-
bers of this House and to the country. But the
subject is too large a one for me to enter upon at
this time, and therefore I shall limit myself to
those considerations which grow out of the util-
ity of such an enterprise in a national point of
view.
We have new States growing upon the Pacific
coast; States which promise to constitute in them-
selves an empire within a very few years. It is
Vno wn to us all that there is a vast extent of coun-
try separating those States from the great body
of the Union. It is important to every part of
the nation that the facilities of intercourse between
those portions of our common country should be
increased. For my own part, I am disposed to
look at the question in its whole extent. I am
disposed to enter upon its consideration with a
view to the adoption of a system such as will be
calculated to answer the great end we have in
view. For that reason I am disposed to look
upon it as a great question of public policy, and
I desire that we shall adopt, with respect to it, a
system which shall be suited to the condition of
things as they will be presented to the public eye
while the very project which we now speak of is
in the course of being undertaken.
Gentlemen have said that we are in a condition
to enter upon the construction of only a single
road. lam of a different opinion. No matter
where that road is located, a certain length of
time will be requisite for its completion. Now,
sir, when I remember the events of the last ten
or fifteen years, I, for one, am persuaded that
before any single road could be completed, there
will be occupation, and profitable occupation,for
several roads. When I remember that, within
the last twelve years, two States have grown up
upon the Pacific, when I remember that there is
a vast amount of capital and enterprise now,
where twelve or fifteen years ago there was only
a wilderness, I, for one, am disposed, in the adop-
tion of a system, to look to the future. I am per-
suaded that, if at this time we were to adopt a
system, looking forward to the construction of
three roads, the resources of the country are equal
to the beginning of such an enterprise, and the
carrying of it on to completion; and (hat while
we arc engaged upon that very work, the in-
crease of population upon our western coast and
the concentration of trade upon the proposed lines,
will be sucli thateach and every one of those pro-
posed roads would become important thorough-
fares, and would be equally profitable in a pecu-
niary point of view.
Now, sir, the ground on which this communi-
cation by railroad between the Pacific coast and
the Atlantic States is proposed to be made, the
ground on which the authority to make it is
chiefly based, is that the establishment of such a
means of communication is necessary for our mil-
itary defenses. If that be so, not only is one road
not adequate, but the route proposed is not the
proper one. North of the forty-ninth parallel of
latitude, we are neighbored by the only great
Power with which we have ever yet been engaged
in serious war. In theeventof our being again en-
gaged in serious war, that Power may be a party
to it; and therefore, if our object is to provide for
the future defense of our national interests, every
consideration of public policy requires that there
should be a road extending to the Pacific ocean
over the northern portion of the territories of the
United States. In such an event, the great enemy
whom we will have to meet, will be that enemy
whom we have before met on American soil; and
it will be of national importance that there shall
be an easy method of transporting troops and
munitions of war within the neighborhood of
those districts of country which would be most
likely to be the seat of hostilities.
And so, when we turn our eyes from the ex-
treme north, and toward the south, we find, south
of us, another country with which we have been
engaged in war. If we are to have a war on this
continent with any other Power than Great Brit-
ain, whose territories bound our northern limits,
it willbe with the Republic of Mexico; and, there-
fore, the national interest, and every consideration
of public policy, require that we should have a
line of railroad communication approaching to
our southern boundary; for, in the event of war,
it is a matter of momentous importance that we
should have some easy mode of transporting
troops, and the supplies necessary for them. On<*
of the greatest difficulties, at preserft, in the way
of our prosecuting warlike operations in the inte-
rior, upon our national boundaries, is the cost of
transporting our troops and supplies to the points
where they may be required.
As a mere question of economy, it would be
proper for this Government to legislate in this
point of view. If we are to have wars; if these
roads are intended as means of national defense,
to enable us to resist and overcome our enemies,
