452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
that they now scarcely excite a remark when
This party, too, has organized societies, and
hired agents to steal and carry away slaves from
the southern States; and when a gang of twenty
or more is taken off at a time, it is made a matter
of public rejoicing;; and their papers boast of the
perfection of the underground railroads, and of the
millions of dollars' worth of property that they
have taken from the South.
The Federal system, instead of giving us pro-
tection, only affords our enemies immunities and
facilities for attack. Instead of being a shield,
the Union has been converted into a sword to
stab us the more deeply.
It is idle for Senators to say that a majority of
the people of their States are not in favor of these
unlawful proceedings. If only one man out of
every -hundred should be a thief, and the other
ninety-nine should not restrain them, by legisla-
tion or otherwise, this minority of thieves would
be able to steal all the property in the community.
If societies were formed m Massachusetts to steal
property in Connecticut, or New York, the Le-
gislature and people of the State would doubtless
take steps to restrain them. This is clone even
with reference to foreign countries, to prevent war
between them. American citizens are punished
for going into Canada to disturb that British com-
munity.
If societies were formed in Canada for a similar
purpose,and were, in fact, to steal an equal amount
of property from New England, New York,01flo,
anO other northern States, to what is carried away '
by the Abolitionists from the South, we should ■
be involved in a war with Great Britain in less
than six months. Wliat would be the feeling of
those border States, if Canadian orators should
boast that their societies had robbed them of
$45,000,000 worth of their property, just as they :
now say they hold that value of southern run- :
away slaves ? But men who combine to plunder \
the people of the southern States, so far from !
being punished, are, in' many of the free States,
encouraged by the legislation there. 1
During the last session, the Senator from .New
York [i\Ir. Seward] introduced a proposition for ■
additional legislation to prevent the foreign or
African slave trade to the United States. Li IdO*?,
Congress passed laws to prohibit that trade, and
since that time, a period of more than fifty years,
as far as I know or have reason to believe, the ■
law has been violated but in a single instance.
What other law on your statute-book has been
so well kept? I repeat, what law has Congress :
ever passed, which there was a temptation to 1
violate, that has been so well observed: That it ;
was not broken often, is not owing to any want '
of opportunity. Northern, as well as fo, eign ships, '
have been engaged in the trade, and the extent of ,
the southern coast affoids much greater facilities
for the introduction of slaves than""does the Island
of Cuba, into which large numbers are annually
carried. This law has not been broken, simply ,
because the people of the South icere not vilbng
io violate it. Now, sir, let me state a case for the '
consideration of the Senate. Suppose, instead
of what has actually occurred, the State of Geor-
gia, where some negroes were landed, and a
number of other southern States, had passed
the strongest laws which could be devised to de- '
feat the act of Congress forbidding the Afncau ;
slave tuide, and encouraging that traffic by all
the means m their power; suppose, further, that
southern Senators, and other prominent public ;
men, had, m their speeches, earnestly rceom- ,
mended the violation of the law of Congress,
and that all through the South money was sub-
scribed and associations formed to defeat the law,
and provide facilities by railroad or otherwise for
the introduction of Africans, and mobs gotten up
to overpower the United Stotes marshals, could
not a hundred negroes have been imported for
every one that the Abolitionists have stolen ?
Yes, with a shore-line of more than ten thousand
miles, millions might have been imported. This
proceeding would have been a violation of the laws
of the United States, just like that which has :
occurred with reference to the fugitive slave law. :
In the ease supposed, hov/eyer, the southern men ;
would have had greatly the advantage on the :
score both of political economy and morality, -
They might have said, with truth, that the ne- 1
groes imported from Afrieo added to the prodijc- !
tion and wealth of the United States, while those
carried North by the Abolitionists were generally
converted into itllc vagrants. It might also have
been said that African savages were by being
brought to the United States partially civilized,
and not only made more intelligent and moral, but
also christianized in large numbers; while the ne-
groes carried to the North become so worthless
and so vicious, that many of the States there were
seeking to exclude them by legislation, as com-
munities do the plague and other contagious dis-
orders. And the Senator from New York, who
has declared that it is a religious duty of the peo-
ple of the North to violate the fugitive slave law,
and urged them, instead of delivering up the run-
away negroes, to protectand defend them as they
do their paternal gods, stands up in the face of tlm
American Senate and complains of violation of the
laws against the African slave trade ! Was there
ever sucb an exhibition ? I repeat, was the like ever
'seen since the creation of the world ? I may us-*
strong language, but truth demands it. That Sen-
ator, too, has fully indorsed the incendiary and
revolutionary doctiincs of the Helper book, as a
large majority of the members of his party in the
House have clone.
Such, then, Mr. President, are the views of this
party, as indicated alike hy its declarations and
its acts. Its members are moving on with an ac-
| yet it is this very opposite view in favor of negro
i equality which gives its main force and Vitality
! to the anti-slavery movement. When, sir, some
' twelve years ago I, in discussion, threw out sug-
! gestions about the difference of races, I was de-
nounced as one who attributed injustice to God
; Almighty m alleging that He had made the ne-
1 groes inferior. Will any Senator on the other
j side oi this Chambei tell me why it is that Prov-
i idence brings half the children that are born in
j New England into the world with constitutions
: so feeble that they cannot live until they arc
; twenty -one years of a^e5 Or will they, upon their
I views of His justice, explain why it is that in the
; same family one brother is provided with a good
j constitution and strong intellect, while a second
j has from his birth the seeds of debility and incur-
> able disease, and a third is mentally imbecile or
j perhaps idiotic? Would the injustice' to the feeble
j be greater if they were black men? Are we to
i refuse to believe the facts which nature constantly
> oresents to us, because they do not harmonize
' with our ideas of the justice of the Creator ? The
! Bible itself docs not explain to us why it is that,
' while ten talents are given to one man, to another
; but a single talent is given. For the inequality
. of the negro, Providence is responsible, as He
! is for the entire creation which surrounds us.
When human laws are in accordance with the sys-
celeratcd velocity. While the more moderate of ;| lem of nature, they are wise: but if m opposition
them now occupy the ground of the Abolitionists j; to it, they are productive only of mischief. The
, twenty years ago, most of them are far in advance
of that position. Ought we to stand still until all
the States are as thoroughly abohiiomzed as Mas-
sachusetts now is ? If not, what can be done to
arrest the mischief? 1 propose, then, seriously,
to consider this tjuestion.
In my judgment there are two modes in which
it can and ought to be met. The first is under the
Constitution-, the second may be outside of it.
If abolitionism be a popular delusion, can itnot
be dispelled by proper efforts? Truth can over-
come error; but to enable it to do so it must be
properly presented to the human mind. As the
. anti-slavery party have acquired their present as-
; cendencyby vigorous and widely-extended efforts,
if they arc to be o\ erthrown, it is only by decided
and peisevennsc exertions on the other side. There
are, m my opinion, sufficient conservative ele-
ments in th" free States for tin* purpose, if they
can only bo properly arrayed m opposition. It
is neees^nrv thai the discussion should be widely
extended and also directed to the merits of the
question involved. The constitutional argument
is sufficient for the intelligent and honest; but if
it be said,for example merely, that slavery as ex-
isting in the southern States is a great wrong and
a gieat evil, yet that under the Constitution the
people of the North have nu right to interfere with
it, the paity so defending will m the end lose
ground; bcrauscs musses of men when excited by
real or imaginary wrongs will in time break over
mere I'gai lv^tramt^ which they regard as unjust
and eiiminal. Tiny hold that '* where there is a
will, there is a way,"and will find some mode of
action. Out in this case the real issue is, whether
or not the negro is the equal of the white man
physically, intellectually, and morally? Though
usually evaded in the discussion, this is the real
question which lies at the foundation of the con-
troversy. If the people of the northern States
should regaid the negro as being the equal of the
white moil, then they will continue to feel a sym-
pathy for hnn in shivery, and eon be excited to
efforts for lus liberation. If, on the contrary, he
be different in material respects from the white
man, and also inferior, then his case must be de-
cided on its own merits and not lrom any sup-
posed analogy to that of the white man. it "is not,
as the Abolitionists in their silliness assert, a
mere question of color or prejudice against a
black skin. If the negro wen.' in fact in all other
respects like the white man, his blackness would
have. bo. n of no more consequence than the dif-
ference between black and red hair or light and
dark eyes. The feeling against him grows out of
the fact that he k in all respects different from the :
white man and inferior. When I put the ques- i
tion to any one that I may meet here, the chances I
are that he will at once agree wifh me, in private
conversation, and admit, in the language used
some time ago by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbi:ll,] that Omnipotence has made a differ-
ence between the white man and the negro; and
question is significantly asked in the Scripture,
;; " Can the Ethiopian change his skin or the leop-
■ ard his spots1" The ancients expressed their
; opinions on this subject in the fable which rep-
; resented a black man as having been killed in an
! effort to wash him white.
! There is no middle ground which can be rnain-
, tained on this question. If the negro be your
, equal, why do you exclude-him from your par-
j lors? If he be unequal, your whole argument has
: in fact lost its foundation and fails. If itonce be
admitted that the negro is inferior, then the entire
: edifice of Abolitionism falls to the ground, because
i it is intimately interwoven with, and owes its vital-
! ity to, the opposite belief. When pressed boldly
on this issue, the Abolitionists of late are trying
to evade it. It is a singular and striking fact, that
| when this issue has been made in the free States
, directly, and discussed before the people, they
have decided the point against the negro. Such
' was the case in Connecticut and New York on the
, question of suffrage, and also in the States of Illi-
] nois and Indiana on the proposition to exclude
( free negroes from those States. In the contest,
: too, m Illinois, in the year 1858, which resulted
, in the triumph of the distinguished Senator from
j Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] this was the leading issue.
! Had that Senator contented himself with simply
: saying that slavery was an evil which his con-
stituents had no constitutional right to interfere
, with, I do not believe he would have been sue-
l cessful. But he understood the question, went at
j once into the merits of it, and carried the war into
: the enemy's ranks. And his opponent early m
i the contest began to cower and shrink from his
| blows, and tried in vain to evade the issue. The
1 American people understand the negro, and where
1 a direct appeal is made to them they truly respond.
I Though the story of Dean Swift, in which, in a
i certain country, he represents th«j horse os being
j greatly superior to the man, is an ingenious one,
i yet it misleads nobody among us, because horses
• are so common that their qualities are under-
! stood, So the romances of the Abolitionists,
in which they represent the negro as being equal
and even superior to the white man, deceive no
one familiar with the negro. In southern Ohio,
for example, where free negroes are quite com-
mon, there is little or no Abolitionism, while in the
northern pait.in which the negro is seldom seen,
anti-slaveiy carries everything before it. Euro-
pean writers know little or nothing of the negro*
and hence our professors, preachers, and other
mei<~ book-men of the North, are easily led astray
by European and American Abolitionists; but the
people of the country, who are accustomed to look
atfaets,arc not so readily imposed on. A thorough
investigation of the subject shows the negro to be
inferior, and hence the principles which apply to
white men cannot be extended to him. No farmer
assumes that what is advantageous to the hog, for
example, is necessarily so to the sheep. To de-
termine, therefore, what is to be done with the
