1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
and is well established in England. It is this:
that when a corporation has been once organized
for a particular purpose, and men have put their
money into that corporation on the contract that
their money shall be devoted to that purpose, no
legislative'power can take their money to devote
it to anything else; and that the protest of a single
member of the corporation -will suffice to arrest
the execution of any such law, the powers thus
exercised being beyond the legislative power, be-
ing one in violation of contract. And any man
who has signed his name to the Maryland corpo-
ration , agreeing to give his money towards build-
'ing a railroad from Georgetown to the Point of
Eocks, has the right by injunction to arrest that
corporation from engaging in the construction of
another and different road. That, I think, is clear.
That is beyond dispute. Now, the honorable
Senator from Maryland says that there are only
a few of these corporators who protest. That is
all that is apparent to us now. Suppose this bill
passes in the shape he proposes; suppose the true
effect of this amendment be to give this power over
the District railroads to the Maryland corpora-
tion: how is the money to be raised? Will you
levy your installments upon the Maryland stock-
holders? How will you enforcc their payment?
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that there is no provision in this amend-
ment for making any other stockholders.
- Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going to call atten-
tion to that in a moment. If this isapowergranted
to the Maryland corporation, where is your power
to levy an installment towards building a road in
the District on any one of those corporators?
You cannot give it by this bill. Without their
assent, you cannot give power to their directors
to cnjl on them for installments to build a road in
Washington city. The amendment seems to have
contemplated that difficulty, and endeavored to
avoid it, or rather to evade it; and how? It pro-
vides that certain gentlemen, who are named,
" having been duly elected and qualified, the first
named as president and the others as directors of
the Metropolitan Railroad Company, heretofore j
incorporated by the Legislature of the State of '
Maryland," they " and their successors shall be,
and they are hereby, created a- body corporate,
under the name of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany."
Then the frame of the proposed bill is, that the
directors of the Maryland company and their
successors in office form the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company for the cities of Washington and
Georgetown. Well, now, if they are the corpo-
rators, and they alone—and that seems to be all
that is contemplated—can we expect that thesesix
or eight gentlemen are going to pay out of their
pockets the money to build a railroad in Wash-
ington and Georgetown, with a provision that all
thp profits resulting from that investment shall be
paid to a different corporation? We cannot ex-
pect any such public spirit from any body of gen-
tlemen. I apprehend that is not what they pro-
pose; but they propose, after they themselves—
the directors of this Maryland company and their
successors—shall have been incorporated into a
Metropolitan Railroad Company, to ask the stock-
holders of the Maryland company to join them.
Suppose some of those stockholders decline: what
will be the result > Those that agree will be the
members of the new company. They will be the
members of this new company on condition that
the money they put in this new road, and the
profits of the new road, shall, in effect, belong to a
different corporation; that, those who decline to
subscribe to this new corporation shall have the
profits of the new corporation, and be subjected
to none of the responsibilities. It is very easy to
know what will be the result. The stockholders
of the Maryland corporation will say: " We do
not choose to subscribe, because you—the direct-
ors—have undertaken, by this bill, to build the
road, and to give us the profits, and there is no
necessity for us to subscribe anything; we are to
have all the profits without subscription."
That is the form of this proposition; that is the
way it reads; that is the way it is framed. The
measure is impracticable. "You cannot give to
the directors of a corporation power to build a
different road; you certainly cannot do it without
the unanimous vote of the stockholders; and you
frame your bill here so as to render it absolutely
certain that the stockholders will not vote to sub-
scribe, because, by the frame of the bill, they are
to get all the benefits without subscription. The
whole of the profits are toss go to them, whether
they subscribe or not. The result is, then, we
are to take it for granted that these few gentlemen,
who are directors of another company, will them-
selves advance what money is necessary to build
this railroad, for the pleasure of giving its benefits
to another corporation. That certainly will be
the practical effect of the amendment. We may
see, by examining that practical effect, what the
result will be—that the road will not he built, and
this subject will be before us again next session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have but a single word
of explanation to make. I was a great deal per-
plexed, last session, between these two projects.
Representations were made to me in favor of each
by highly respectable gentlemen; but, thinking
that the Metropolitan road, if carried out, might
be serviceable to the country, I made up my mind
to vote for its proposition with some hesitation.
It was urged then that it would merely have the
effect of defeating the movement. We adopted
it, and incorporated it, and then the whole matte r
fell dead. Now, as I am of opinion that it is bet-
ter to allow the people here to have a road, I in-
tend to vote against this amendment. We have
not tried either measure; but all the indications
lead me to suppose that we are more likely to get
a road by adopting the proposition of the Senator
from Mississippi and of the committee, and there-
fore I shall vote for it, although I gave the pref-
erence, last winter, to the other proposition. 1
may say further, that while a good many repre-
sentations have been made in favor of each, by
persons who felt an interest in the subject, moro
of those citizens who seemed not to be the stock-
holders were anxious for the first proposition than
any other, seemingly in the belief that they would
get the benefit of a road by it; and as at present
advised, therefore, 111 addition to the strong ob-
jections which have been stated by the Senator
from Louisiana, I shall give my vote for the ori-
ginal proposition of the committee, and against the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe it is in order to per-
fect the original bill before the vote is taken on
the substitute; and I offer the following as an in-
dependent section, which I hope the Senator from
Mississippi will accept:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the stockholders in saitl
company shall be liable, each in his or her individual capa-
city, lor all debts and liabilities of the said company, how-
ever contracted, to the amount of stock held by each.
Mr. BROWN. I have no right to accept an
amendment to a bill reported by a committee.
The bill is not mine; but I think the amendment
is right, and I shall vote for it myself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, 1 will not deny
that there is much force in the objections which
have been made by the Senator from Louisiana,
some of which had only occurred to me this
, morning. I never read the bill which I presented
| as an amendment until yesterday, when I made
! some slight amendments to it; but I should be
| glad to have an opportunity of considering this
| matter a little farther. If the bill may be laid
over for a few days, I will investigate it carefully,
and if I am not then satisfied that 1 can obviate
the objections that Jjave been made by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, I shall withdraw the objec-
tion to the other bill.
Mr. BROWN. My only objection to that is
| this: this day has been given to the business of
the District of Columbia; and if we postpone the
bill, we know enough of the scramble for prece-
dence in business, to know that we shall hardly
ever get to it again, or at least, not in time for the
House of Representatives to act on it during this
session. I know something of the delays there;
how that potent little phrase " I object" postpones
, things from day to day, and from week to week;
11 and I should much rather dispose of the bill to-
il day.
|l Mr. PEA.RCE. That potent little phrase does
| not apply here.
il Mr. BROWN. But it does in the other House,
■; and you must therefore give them as much time
'! as possible.
'I Mr. PEARCE. It will only make S. difference
| of two or three days. Let the Senator name Wed-
ncsday; then, if all opposition be withdrawn to
' ; the other project, I take it for granted it will pass
through without difficulty; certainly it will with-
out any difficulty from me.
Mr.BROWN. Certainly; if the Senator wants
until Wednesday to examine the proposition^ and
we can have any sort of understanding that the
Senate will take up the bill and act upon it then,
I have no objection to that, or even to Wednes-
day week. That will still give the House time
enough to act. The only reason why I insisted
on considering it to-day was, that this day in the
Senate had been assigned to this kind of business.
If there be a general understanding of the Senate
that on Wednesday we shall be allowed to bring
it up and act on it, I have no objection to post-
ppning it; but I do not want the bill to be post-
poned very long, lest it be lost in the House of
Representatives for mere want of time.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no desire to postpone
it, for I am really anxious to have this railway
made.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before there is any disposi-
tion of that sort made, I want to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill reported by tho
committee. I am directed to do so by the com-
mittee. It is to add the name of Gilbert Vander-
werken after the name of Walter S. Cox, making
him one of the corporators, as he was in the ori-
ginal bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill is disposed
of—and I think it very proper that it should lie
over, as suggested by the Senator from Mary-
land—I move to strike out the eleventh section,
which is in these words:
Sec. 11. J2nd be it further enacted, That said body cor-
poiate shall buy of'Gilbert Vandenveiken all tlie real
estate, horse?, omnibuses, and harnoss, used by him for
the puipo.ses of his lines of wnnibuses now limning along
Pennsylvania avenue, between Georgetown and the Navy-
Yaid, and shall pay therefor such amount as shall be fixed
by two disinterested person?; one to be named by &aid body
corporate, and the other by said Vanderweiken. And in
case such persons should* be unable to agiec upon such
amount, it shall be their duty to call in some third disinter-
ested peison to actwith them in fixing said amount; and it
shall be obligatory upon said body coiporate to pay to said
Vanderwerken, lor such real estate, horses, omnibuses,
and harness, whatever amount said persons, or any two of
them, shall agree upon as a fair valuation theieof.
I knownone of these parties, and have no inter-
est whatever in giving the building of these horse
railroads to one person more than another; but the
public interest is to authorize anybody to con-
struct these railroads in the city of Washington
who will bestaccommodate the public. Now, sir,
1 know no reasons why the persons who are to
build these roads should be saddled with the pur-
chase ofall the omnibuses in the city of Washing-
ton. It may be said that this Mr. vanderwerken
has invested a large amount of money in omnibus
lines, and that if you authorize the construction
of horse raihoads he will.be a sufferer. This is
but one of the misfortunes that overtake men in
business every day. Suppose an individual builds
a tavern stand on some important road; it is val-
uable only as a tavern stand; travelers stop there;
soon the public exigencies require the construc-
tion of a'railroad that takes all the travel past
him. He has to suffer that inconvenience. He
embarked in the enterprise of keeping a hotel,
with the knowledge that improvements might be
made which might take travel away from him.
These parties started their lines of omnibuses here
with a knowledge that improvements might be
made, which would take travel away from their
omnibus lines. Why should we pay a bonus
to this Mr. Vanderwerken for the privilege of
building horse railroads in the city of Washing-
ton? That is all it amounts to. Why pay him
a bonus? I know not whether he has made money
out of his omnibus lines, or has lost money, it
has nothing to do with the public interest. We
are legislating for the public, and I am opposed to
granting spocial favors to individuals; and I see
no reason why we should be required to buy these
omnibuses any more than wp should buy out the
public hacks in the city of Washington. 1 trust
that the section will be stricken out. If the com-
pany we arc incorporating wishes to purchase the
omnibuses,the horses,and real estateof Mr. Gil-
bert Vanderwerken, they are at liberty to do it;
let them do so; but do not let us compel them to
purchase these things at a valuation that is to be
put upon them by parties who may be selected.
Mr. PEARCE. IY the section which the Sen-
ator-proposes to strike out were offered by some
