THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. IilYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1860.
New Series.....No. 93.
gentleman who desired to protect Gilbert Vander-
werken, and against the consent of the corpora-
torsj it would become rather a different case from
that which is actually before the Senate. It seems
these parties have arranged with Vundcrwerkcn.
This is his bill, prepared according to their views.
As I understand, they are willing to effect this
arrangement with him; and if they are, I do not
really see that we are doing any injustice, or
forcing any bounty to individuals. It is a matter
of arrangement between them, as I understand.
If the parties agree to it, I really do not see that
there is any difficulty.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is another consid-
eration. We have had experience in this matter
in other cities, and there is a public consideration
making this section necessary. This new com-
pany is to put a superior line of communication
upon a line already served by Mr. Vanderwcrken
with his omnibuses. If you pass the bill, and
make no provision such as is made in this sec-
tion, the result will be that the omnibus pro-
prietor, finding that he is going to be driven out,
will withdraw his omnibuses, dispose of them as
best he can, and in the interval the public will be
deprived of the accommodation they require. By
degrees, as this railroad is constructed, it will con-
nect with the line ofomnibusestoaccrtaincxtent.
By having the line of omnibuses and the railroad
line in the same hands the public accommodation
is subservecf, and the public are provided with
means of travel while the work is going on. If
you leave these two lines in opposing hands, Mr.
vanderwcrken, the instant it is to his interest,
or he can find means of disposing of his prop-
erty, will do so; or, otherwise, will withdraw it,
and the public will be deprived, in the mean time,
of all accommodations, either by omnibus or i ail-
road. It has, therefore, been usual, in these
charters, to require of those who build the rail-
roads to take the lines of omnibuses, and then
they continue the two works together, and keep
the public constantly accommodated. We found
it so in New Orleans, I know. After several at-
tempts, we found it impossible to get city rail-
roads without some arrangement of that kind;
and such a provision as this has worked exceed-
ingly well. In theory, perhaps the Senator from
Illinois would be right; but really practically, this
mode of arranging between the old lines and the
new is found to subserve the public interest.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was stated by gentlemen,
who I supposed were well informed on the sub-
ject, to the committee, that it was the practice in
our cities where hoise railroads were laid down
and lines of omnibuses were run over the contin-
uous route, to make a provision guarding the
rights of the omnibus owners. I think it ia right.
I have no doubt about it. The case of the hack-
men in this city furnishes no parallel whatever.
They go all around; they go everywhere; they
go anywhere; they have no straight single line
over which they go. They have got no hundred
thousand dollars invested in a single project.
They may have two or three sets of horses, and
perhaps two or three coaches; but they have no
such amount invested as an omnibus proprietor,
and they run on no one continuous line.
But, aside from all that, there is still another
reason, which, it seems to me, ought to satisfy
every gentleman here, even my friend from Illi-
nois: and that is, that the company make no ob-
:ection to it; that they want his horses; they want
lis stables; they want his lots of land on which
to build additional stables for the horses they will
use upon their line; and the only property which
they do not want would be the omnibuses, and
that would be the only amount of property they :
would be required to buy, or to share the loss of j
disposing of, if it were disposed of at a loss. If j
this be the undeistanding between tiie parties, I !
think we are a little moie swift than justice, to 1
step in between the parties and say: " You shall
not deal in equities as you please." Then you
may say: 44 "why is the section here? They can
do it outside of this." That is very true; but
they may disagree as to the amount*, and this
93
ie
h:
simply provides the ultimate method in which
that disagreement shall be settled, if there is one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it be true that these par-
ties have made an arrangement already, we need
not legislate about it. What have we, as legisla-
tors, to do with this buying of horses or buying
of omnibuses? We have nothing to do with it,
and it is the principle that I object to. Why, sir,
a State might just as well, when it chartered a rail-
road along the Mississippi, put in a clause that
the company should buy out all the steamboats
along the river. There would be exactly as much
propriety in it.
COLLAMER. Why not buy out the
hackmen r
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated before you might
with as much propriety compel this company to
buy out the hackmen. If we are incorporating a
company here that can afford to give a bonus to
this omnibus line, we are incorporating it on prin-
ciples which are unjust to the public. Instead of
allowing them to chaige five cents, allow them to
charge but four. I presume, if you would allow
them to charge ten cents foi every passenger, they
would not only agree to buy out the omnibus
lines, but buy out all the hackmen. I do not
intend to give a bonus to somebody else.
We are interested here, in legislating for this
people and for the public, to look to it that we
grant no piivileges which shall amount to a bur-
den upon the public; and when we get these rail-
roads let us get thorn upon the cheapest plan. It can-
not be otherwise than thatthiscoinpany cxpectin
some way to get the money which they pay ?sa
bonus for the privileges that they are to obtain by
the passage of this act. They will get it back, I
suppose, m a high tariff of fares. I think that the
principle of the section is all wrong. It certainly
need not be here, if there is an arrangement, as the
Senator from Maryland suggests, already exist-
ing, by which these corporators agree to purchase
out this omnibus line. We have nothing to do
with it It is their business, not ours as legisla-
tors, if they cannot agree as to price. I suppose
they will not purchase his horses and real estate,
if they do not find it to their interest to do so; and
I am not for compelling them to purchase them.
I think we ought not to establish such a prece-
dent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. While we are legislating
for the District, I suppose that it is our true pur-
pose to legislate upon facts as they exist. There
is already now a public line of communication
from Georgetown to the Navy-Yard, run with
horses and omnibuses; and when you get your
railroad laid down, you will still have omnibuses,
but they will be drawn by horses upon iron wheels,
running upon an iron track. We do not want
both means of communication. We want the one,
and we want to get rid of the other. I desire, for
one, to get rid of the old omnibuses, if we have
the railroad, for we do not want them both; and,
therefore, if an arrangement has been made by
which the omnibuses drawn upon ordinary wheels
over the cobble-stonepavements can be got rid of,
and omnibuses substituted to be drawn with iron
wheels and over an iron track, I decidedly prefer
the latter. That arrangement having been made,
as 1 understand, and the committee having re-
ported the bill in tins way, and the corporators
being willing to accept the burden of removing
what would become a nuisance upon the avenue,
if they have a horse railroad—removing this om-
nibus line—I am in favor of the section remain-
ing in the bill just as it is.
Mr. BROWN. The eommitteehad very dis-
tinct reasons for reporting this section of the bill.
Mr. Vanderwcrken came here when every citizen
and every stranger in Washington was subjected
to enormous-imposition by hackney coaches, and
put on a cheap mode of travel between W ashing-
ton and Georgetown. It seemed that nobody in
Washington had enterprise enough to do that; at
least, it "was not done, or it was not efficiently
done. He invented a large sum of money in the
enterprise. At the end of four or five or six years,
before he can by any possibility have been re-
munerated, such is your go-aheadative policy that
you propose to supersede his lumbering omni-
buses by a railroad, and thus break up his busi-
ness. Then, what are you going to do? You are
going to grant a monopoly to some seven or eight
or ten gentlemen—I do not care whether you take
those persons orstrikethemoutand put others in,
it amounts to that at last—you break up one man
in his business in favor of some ten or a dozen
others in their business. That one man thus broken
up, and especially if he be an enterprising man
like Gilbert Vanderwcrken, who came here and
established this cheap line of travel when nobody
else would do it, ought to be protected. It would
be a great outrage if you did not protect him. He
has rendered a great public servicc to the country;
he has rendered a great public service to Wash-
ington, to every citizen and stranger here; and he
deserves the protecting hand of his Government.
Nor is there anything new in this. For a long
time it was the policy of the Government, when
one. man underbid another in carrying the rnail, to
require him to take the stock of the old contractor
at a fair valuation. The Government recognized
the principle and enforced it; and yet that was
not giving to the man who underbid the other the
monopoly; it was only giving him the benefit of
his bid. But here you grant to certain parties
a monopoly; an important franchise; one which
it is supposed at least to be worth a great deal of
money. To do that, you propose to break up a cit-
izen in his business, established by his enterprise;
and the bill simply proposes to protect that citi-
zen ; to require of those to whom you grant an im-
portant franchise that they shall, in some way,
indemnify the man who is broken up in business.
I think the section is right. X think it the most
important scction in the whole bill. 1 cannot sur-
render it. The Senate may strike it out; but they
will do it against my earnest protest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I think there is an important principle involved
in it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the section will not
be stricken out. It will be recollected by most
Senators present that a bill was introduced two
years ago, fiom the Committee on the District of
Columbia, giving the franchise for constructing
this road to Mr. Vanderwcrken and his associ-
ates. That bill failed to becomc a law through the
opposition, as I am informed, of the very parties
who are now petitioning for the right to make the
road. I am infavorof thooriginal bill,and would
vote for it if it were before us, giving the franchise
to Mr. Vanderwcrken and his associates; but
inasmuch as they are thrown out, I trust the com-
pany which actually defeated him and his asso-
ciates from receiving this franchise will bo com-
pelled to pay him for his stock now on hand.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. All that could leconcile
me to vote for such a pro\ision as this, would be
the presumption that it has already been agreed
upon by these corporators and the gentlemen own-
ing this omnibus line. If that is the case; if they
are willing to take the grant of the franchise pro-
posed to be made to them by this bill, and to pay
this gentleman, I have no objection; but if it is to
be imposed upon them, upon any ground of equity
or justice, independent of agreement, I am op-
posed to it. I do not see why you might not as
well make them buy all the hacks in the town—
perhaps not all for the same reasons, but on the
same principle. If they are to indemnify any one
who loses by it, let them indemnify everybody
who loses by it. I think you had as well clog
the great railroad that runs from New York to
Albany or to Buffalo, by paying all the wagoners
thereby thrown out of employment, and for all
the wagons rendered worthless and superfluous.
I do not see any justice m it; but if it be true
that there has been an arrangement made to this
effcct, I am perfectly willing that the owner of
the omnibuses shall be indemnified by these par-
ties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to inquire what
is the object of the provision, if there is an ar.
