1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
36tii Cons.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps,
entirely inadequate to preserve the improvements
which have been maao, as good taste, or even
necessity, demands. But as the responsibility of
making appropriations rests with Congress alone,
and believing it to be ray duty to adopt its policy
and limit the expenditure in all cases to such
sums as may be placed at my command, I have
directed him in no instance to exceed them, how-
ever strongly the necessity of any particular case
should tempt him to do so, informing him at the
same time, that he will have discharged the full
measure of his duty when he shall have faithfully
applied the sums allowed, as contemplated by
law, and that, if they fail to accomplish all that
could be desired, he cannot be justly censured for
such failure. I have, however, submitted esti-
mates for the next fiscal year, on the basis of the
appropriations made for this, being determined,
as far as I may have the power, to aid in carry-
ing out such measures of economy as Congress
may initiate.
During the approaching spring the equestrian
statue of Washington, ordered by the Thirty-
Second Congress, will be completed, and placed,
as directed by you, in the center of the Circle, in
and near the western extremity of Pennsylvania
avenue. This will be a noble work of art, and
reflect the highest credit upon Mr. Mills, the artist,
who indeed regards it as his greatest and proudest
achievement. When the statue shall have been
erected it will be due to propriety and good taste
to inclose it with a good iron fence, and otherwise
improve the reservation assigned to it. For these
objects an appropriation will be required, and
should be made at the approaching session.
The north front of the Patent Office building is
nearly completed, and the appropriations already
made for it will suffice for that purpose, and also
for the improvement of the grounds around it.
When finished, the entire building will, as is be-
lieved, be the finest specimen of architecture of
its order in this or any other country, and for the
present it will afford convenient accommodations
for the entire Department as now organized
A law of the last Congress placed the completed
portions of the Potomac water works under the
supervision of this Department, and by your
order, Lieutenant Morton, of the corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers, was assigned the immediate
charge of them. His report herewith affords in-
formation of the extent of the work transferred,
and the supply of water furnished to the cities of
Washington and Georgetown.
No appropriation has been made to defray the
expense of carrying the law into effect, and 1 have
therefore submitted an estimate of the amount that
will be required for that purpose.
The management of the penitentiary for the Dis-
trict of Columbia during the past year, and its
present condition and wants, are clearly set forth
m the reports of the inspectors and warden. For
years the labor of the convicts has not yielded an
income sufficient for their maintenance; and the
attention of the inspectors was some time since
Earticularly directed by me to this defect, with the
ope that some plan could be devised to remedy
it. During the past year the prevalence of an
epidemic in the prison occasioned much loss of
time and some unusual expenditures, notwith-
standing which 1 have the gratification of stating
that a decisive advance was made towards the at-
tainment of an end so desirable. The institution
ought to be self-sustaining, and no effort will be
spared to make it so. The number of convicts
in the prison was larger during the past year than
in the year previous, and is constantly increasing;
yet the estimate submitted for its support and
maintenance for the next fiscal year is less, by the
sum of SI,843 75, than the appropriation which
was made at the last session of Congress.
The enlightened and humane policy which led
to the establishment of the asylum for the recep-
tion and medical treatment of the insane of the
Army and Navy, and of the District of Columbia,
exhibits results alike beneficial to those for whom
it was provided and gratifying to the philanthro-
pist.
On the 1st day of July, 1858, the number of the
inmates of the hospital was 117. On the 1st day
of July, 1859, the number was 138. During the
year 05 were admitted, 34 were discharged, and
10 died. Of those discharged, 20 had entirely re-
covered, 6 had greatly improved, and 8 gave little
or no evidence of improvement The number of
inmates at the date of this communication is 161.
Satisfactory progress has been made in the erec-
tionofthe buildings. The plan originally adopted,
which was on a magnificent scale, has been ad-
hered to, and steadily pursued, until we now find
ourselves in full view of its completion? Final
estimates of appropriations are now submitted for
the erection of the buildings, and also to finish the
well-devised arrangements for heating and venti-
lating the entire edifice and furnishing the apart-
ments. When all tjie buildings shall have been
erected, the grounds incloscd, and the appoint-
ments completed, the institution will be a model
of its kind, and with a continuance of the suc-
cessful management it has heretofore received,
will be an honor to the Government, and an in-
estimable blessing to that unfortunate class for
whose benefit it was designed. 1 therefore com-
mend it to your favorable consideration.
From the accompanying report of the presi-
dent of the Institution for the instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, it will be seen that
during the last year 14 deaf mutes and 7 blind
pupils participated in the benefits of that institu-
tion, all of whom, with a single exception, were
supported at the expense of the United States,
under the provisions of the act of Congress ap-
proved February 10, 1857. The amount drawn
from the Treasury on this account, and for sala-
ries and incidental expenses paid by the Govern-
ment as authorized by the act of May 29, 1858,
was$5,451 96,in addition to which the institution
received from other sources $1,158 39. It will
also be perceived that a new anil more commodi-
ous building has been erected for the accommoda-
tion of this unfortunate class of the community at
the expense of the president of the institution, and
which he generously proposes to present to it,
"upon the sole condition that provision shall be
made and continued for the instruction of the deaf
and dumb and the blind of the Distrietof Colum-
bia, by public appropriations, or by private char-
ity."
It remains for Congress to determine what ac-
tion, if any, shall be taken regarding this prop-
osition, and such other suggestions as are made
by that officer.
WAGON ROADS.
Since the date of my special report to Congress,
at its last session, in respect to the wagon roads
the construction of which has been placed under
the supervision of this Department, the work has
been continued on the road from Fort Kearney,
via South Pass, to Honey lake, and the same may
now bo regarded as completed. Its location and
construction have given very general satisfaction
to the numerous emigrants to the Pacific slope
who have traveled over it during the past season.
As soon as the final report of the superintendent
is received, it will be communicated to Congress.
TEXAS BOUNDARY.
The joint commission authorized by the act of
June 5, 1858, for surveying the boundary lines
between the State of Texas and the Territories
of the United States, entered upon the field of duty
early in January last, and have completed the sur-
vey and demarcation of the thirty-second parallel
of north latitude, from the Rio Grande to the one
hundred and third meridian of west longitude, and
also of the one hundred and third meridian, from
thence to its intersection with the parallel of 36° 30'
north latitude, with the exception of a short por-
tion on the Llano Estacado, which, from phys-
ical causes, could not be surveyed. It is confi-
dently expected that the whole work will be com-
pleted during the next season.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
In compliance with the requirements of the act
of February last, the public documents and other
books printed or purchased by order of Congress
were duly transferred to this Department, and
many of them have been distributed, as will more
fully appear on reference to the abstracts aecom-
Eanying this report. There remains on hand,
o wever, a considerable number of valuable works
which cannot be disposed of under existing laws,
and also a large accumulation of broken sets and
odd volumes of various publications, for the dis-
tribution of which early provision should be made,
as at present they are wholly unavailable forany
good purpose, and the room they occupy is greatly
needed for other objects.
Several of the laws for the distribution of doc-
uments should be amended. That for the publi-
cation of the Biennial Register, or Blue Book,
passed in 1816, provides only for a supply of 500
copies—a number entirely insufficient to meet the
wants of the present day. That of April 20,1818,
authorizing the purchase of the laws published
in pamphlet form at the close of each session of
Congress .directs the procurement of 11,000copies.
If so large a number was then required, a much
larger supply should now be, procured. I am of
the opinion, however, that the number is still
quite sufficient, but that the rule of distribution
should be changed to adapt it to the state of things
now existing; and the acts of August 29, 1842,
and August 8, 1846, providing, respectively, for
the distribution of the reports of the decisions of
the Supreme Court, and of the laws and treaties,
as published by Little & Brown, should also be
modified in like manner; several important offices
having been created since their passage, which
should be supplied therewith.
The execution of so much of the act of 5th
February last as directed all books, and so forth,
previously deposited with the State Department,
under the laws regulating copy-rights, to be trans-
ferred to this Department, has been assigned to
the Commissioner of Patents as pertaining more
particularly to his branch of the service, and the
required transfer has been made. The clerks of
the courts have also been instructed to forward
all future works of this character to that officer,
by whom they will be received, and properly
kept in rooms set apart for their accommodation.
CENSUS.
At the last session of Congress, an appropria-
tion was made to enable the Department to make
the necessary arrangements for taking the eighth
census. This important work cannot be deferred.
It must be accomplished during the next year.
The carefully prepared law of 1850 will go into ef-
fect on the 1st day of January next. Steps have
already been taken to have the proper instructions
prepared and the blanks printed, so as to be in
the hands of the marshals in time to enable them,
with a complete understanding of the schedules,
to enter vigorously upon the execution of their
duty on the 1st day of June next.
Subsequent reflection has but confirmed me in
the opinion expressed in my last annual report,
that the eighth census, taken in all respects in con-
formity with the provisions of the law for taking
the seventh, will prove most advantageous and sat-
isfactory to the country. The necessary expense
which will be incurred will require an appropria-
tion of at least $1,000,000 at the approaching ses-
sion of Congress.
The sum of $3,500 having been heretofore ap-
propriated for a digest of the statistics of manu-
factures according to the seventh census, that com-
pilation was completed within the limits of the
appropriation, and printed and distributed shortly
after the adjournment of the last Congress.
JUDICIARY.
The judicial expenses during the fiscal year
ending on the 30th of June last, exceeded, by n
small amount, the appropriation of §1,000,000
madetherefor;and from presentappearances those
of the present year will be quite as great. This
increase over the expenditures of any former year
in the history of the Government is to be attrib-
uted to the zeal, energy, and success of our officers
in detecting violations of the penal statutes, and
the consequent increase in the number of prose-
cutions for crime, and to the additional amount
of business in the Federal courts generally.
Frauds upon the pension office, counterfeiting
the coin of the United States, and depredations
upon the mails, are the crimes of most frequent
occurrence. To these, however, must be added
murders upon the high seas, violations of the
neutrality laws, those prohibiting the African
slave trade, and those for the reclamation of fugi-
tive slaves. Of these offenses, violations of the
African slave trade laws, until lately, appear to
have been almost unknown. But, although of
reccnt occurrence, they are nevertheless crimes
