2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. CURTIS. I think it would be better to
vote upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Texas, as it was offered and has been discusscd.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Texas
has the right to modify his amendment as he
desires.
Mr. REAGAN. I have prepared it so as to
make it conform precisely to the substitute which
I offered; my only object being not to place it in
such shape as to preclude further amendment. I
now withdraw my amendment as a substitute,
and move to amend as follows:
1. Strike out tlie words, " and to such persons as a ma-
jority of such grantees shall admit as tlieir associates," in
the thirtieth andthivty-first lines, and insert in lieu thereof
the word?y " as trustees for the organization of a company
to build a railroad herein piovided for."
2. Strike out the words them&elves or with others as,"
in line thirty-four, first section.
3. Strike out the words " parties herein named," in line
thiity eight, section one; and insert m lieu thereof the
words, " boarU of directors of said company."
4. Insert after the word "otherwise," in the thirty-eighth
line, the words, " and that the persons herein named be au-
thorized, within one month of the passage of this act, to
determine the amount of piivate capital stock which will
he necessary to the completion of thu> road; and that they
be authorized to open boo"ks of subscription for said stock,
in the cities of New York, St. Louis, and New Orleans,
and m such other places as they may think pioper, and to
keep the same open tor the term ot three months j and at
the expiration of said tluee months, the stockholders shall
meet at such place as may be agreed on, and elcct a board
of directors of not less than twenty-live nor more than l'orty
petaons, who s-hall supersede the persons herein named m
the control and management of the affairs of said company;
the stock to betaken in shares of $10peacb, and each share
to entitle the shareholder to one vote'; and that no one per-
 on or firm shall be allowed to take mote than $o(W,0U0 of
naid stock: And provided further, That five per cent, on
the amount of stock subscribed shall be paid to the com-
pany, in ca&h, at the time of taking the same."
I now hope the House will vote upon these as
one amendment; for if one is adopted, the others
are accessary to produce harmony and consist-
ency. if the House rejects one, therefore, it might
as well reject the balance.
Mr. JO'l IN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
desires that result, I think he had better allow
his propositions to remain as at first proposed by
him—in the shape of a substitute for the first
section.
Mr. REAGAN. I prefer them in this form,
bo that if they are adopted, it will not preclude
further amendment, which, as I understand the
ruling of the Speaker, will be the effect of adopt-
ing1 a substitute.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have an amend-
ment to propose at'an eaiher period in the section
than thcj>oint contemplated in the amendment of
the gentleman from Texas, and which i suppose
wifl take precedence of ins.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
whole section to be open for amendment, and the
Amendment of the gentleman from Texas being
ottered lirst, would, therefore, take precedence.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to the con-
sideration of the amendments m masse. Let us
adopt or reject them seriatim.
The first amendment moved by Mr. Reagan
was read, as follows:
Strike out fiom the first section these words, which occur
after the H^nes of the proposed incoiporatois: "and to
such persons as a majority of such grantees shall admit as
thWr associates," and in lieu theieof insert the following:
♦'as trustees for theoiganization of a company to build the
lailroad herein ptovided tor."
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that that amendment
will be defeated.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I give notice that
I intend to move to strike out the names of the in-
corporators embraced in the bill, and insert in lieu
thereof a provision letting the work out to the
lowest bidder.
The House was divided; and there were thirty-
three in the affirmative.
Mr. REAGAN. This is the most important
amendment that can be proposed to the bill, and
I demand the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. KE1TT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. £ldrieb, Allen, Ashinore, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bair, Brab-on, iiianch, Bri&tow, Hurnham, Caicy,
John Li. Chuk, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Burton Ciaige,
CrawfoiU, Cutry, John G. Davis, be Jarnotte, Edirmndson,
Florence, Gartrcjl, Graham, Hale, JohnT. llariis, liaskm,
Ilill, Hoard, Ilolman, Houston, William Howard, Hughe*,
Jenkins, Jieitt, Kunkel, Landrum, Jame« M. Leach, Lo-
gan, Mallory, Maynard, MeUae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham
Moore, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nib-
laok, Noeil, Pendleton, Pryor, Push, duarles, tteagan,
Rufiin^Simmc, Singleton, VVilhani Smith, William N. H.
Smith, Spinner, Stallwoith, James A. Stewait, Stokes,
Taylor, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Windom, Wood-
bon, and Wright—71.
NJftTri—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Barrett, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biayton, Buifmton,
Burch, liutterfield, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling Covode,
James Craig, Cuitis, Delano, Dunn, Edjjerton, Edwaids,
Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Teuton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, French, (Jooch, Gurley, Hall, Hamilton, Ilauon,
Ilelmick,William A.Howard, Humphrey,Ilutchms,Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgore,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Mcltcan, IVIeKmght, McPhers-on, Millward, Moorhead,
Mori ill, Nixon, Pettit, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Schwartz, Sherman, Spaulding, Stanton, William Stew-
art, Stratton, Tappan, Thcaker, Tompkins, Trimble, Van-
dever, Van Wyck, Wade, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburno,
Weils, Wood, and Woodruff—79.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. GARTRELL stated thatMr.BococK had
left the Hall, sick, and that he was paired with
Mr. Thayer.
Mr. BURCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Scott, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. THOMAS stated that Mr. Burnett was
paired with-Mr. Rice.
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Sedgwick, and that otherwise he would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, not being within
the bar when his name was called, asked leave
to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that, if pres-
ent, he would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. Reagan's sccond amendment:
Stnko out the words. " themselves or with others as
so that it Gill read:
That m any incorporation of stockholders, &c.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Reagan's third amendment:
Strike out in line thirty-eight the words "the parties
herein named," and insert in hcu theieof, the words uthe
dircctots of t-aid company "
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that that
amendment ought to be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Reagan's fourth amendment:
Insert after the woid '* otherwise," in line thirty-eight,
th<* lotlowinj*:
And that tin* persons herein named be authorized, within
one month of the parage ot this act, to determine the
amount of private capital stock which will be neecssaiy
to the completion of this road; and that they be authoi-
ized to open books of subscription tor said stock, in the
cities of New Yoik, St. Louis, and New Orleans, and in
Mich othei places as they may think ptoper, and to keep the
same open lot the termof three month:?; and at the expua-
tion of said three months, the stockholders s-hall meet at
Mieh place as inuy be agreed on, and el^ot a boaid of direct-
ors of not less than twenty-five, nor more than iorty per-
sons, who shall supersede the poisons herein named in the
control and management of the alfairs of said company;
the stock to be taken m shares of>$100 each, and each share
to entitle the shareholder to one vote ; and that no one per-
son or firm shall be allowed to take more than $500,000 of
said stock. *ind pronded further, That five per cent, on
the amount of <tock subscribed shall be paid to the com-
pany, m cash, at the time ot taking the same.
Mr. REAGAN. As that amendment embod-
ies an important principle which should be em-
braced ill this bill, 1 demand the yeas and nays
on it; and I hope that it will be adopted.
Mr. SMITIi, of Virginia. Is.the amendment
open to discussion?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Itia.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. Then I propose to
say a few words. It is absolutely necessary that
some provision should be made for the purpose of
organizing this company and collecting the capi-
tal. As the bill now is, there is not the shadow
of a provision having that object in view. There
is but one single provision in the bill on the subject,
and that prevents persons subscribing for more
stock than they have means to pay for. This
amendment of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Reagan,] is a valuable one, faken in connection
with the previous part of the section. It provides
that books shall be opened in New York, New
Orleans,and St. Louis, for subscriptionsfor stock,
with certain limitations. Surely, Mr. Speaker,
there isobviousreason fortheamendment. Surely,
in so grave a matter as this, it must be the general
desire that there shall be an efficient organization,
with ample and certain capital. I trust that the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CURTIS. This will show a slight, cas-
ual amendment may be thrown in to kill"the bill.
This amendment requires that these incorporators
shall, within one month, determine a subject of
vital importance to their future action; and that is,
how much stock they will issue. It is impossible
for this company to get together in one month.
Some of the incorporators live in San Francisco,
some in New York, some in Oregon. They live
in all parts of the country.
Mr. REAGAN. I will accept any amendment
the gentleman will propose as to time.
Mr. CURTIS. I think that the bill is carefully
guarded as it is; and I hope that the amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 will modify my amendment,
and make the time three months.
Mr. CURTIS. Then it will provide that the
amount of stock subscribed for m three months
shall be the full amount of stock.
% Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman labors under
a misapprehension. I will further, modify the
amendment, so as to limit the amount of stocjt to
the amount of private capital.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. The otheramendments
of the gentleman having been voted down, will not
the adoption of this amendment make the bill in-
congruous ?
Mr. REAGAN. It will not. It will stand by
itself. In reference to all the stock being taken m
three months, I will say that it requires that they
shall open books for the subscription of stock and
keep them opened for three months, and that then
the stockholders shall be organized into a com-
pany. The books, however, can still be kept
open for subscriptions of stock.
Mr. CURTIS. There is the difficulty. Three
months is 'not time enough. They must open
their books in various cities. In my judgment,
they ought to open books in Europe. They
ought to raise a large sum before they undertake
this great enterprise. In three months they can
hardly assemble from'the different parts of the
Union. A year will not be too much time to give
thorn. I hope the amendment will be defeated.
The gentleman would have tho^ stock taken in
shares of a hundred dollars each. I have no ob-
jection to that, though it seems to be a very small
sum for a share. Then he would provide that
no more than §500,000 of stock should be taken
by one person. That restriction is unnecessary;
for if you could get European capitalists to take
$2,000,000, so much the better.
Mr. REAGAN. The point made by the gen-
tleman is, that this places a limitation \iuually
upon the number of persons who shall control
the enterprise. The limitation which he objects
to is tenfold stronger against his own proposition
than it is against mine. It is presumed that in a
franchise securing a million and a quarter acres
of land, and a subsidy of at least $60,000,000
from the Government, that the stock w-ill be anx-
iously sought for; and the gentleman himself sup-
posed it would be, or he would not, with so much
anxiety, retain a franchise m the hands of the
persons named in the bill, without their paying
a cent for it.
Mr. CURTIS. The bill docs not contemplate
any such thing, and I never dreamed of such a
thing.
Mr. REAGAN. • The gentleman must know,
and I presume that every gentleman in this House
is convinced, that with the privilege of this land
bonus, and the proposed Government subsidy,*
there will be a scramble by Americans as to who
shall get control of the enterprise lirst; and_, there-
fore, if the provisions of the original bill are re-
tained, so that the work will be a monopoly, it
will not be controlled by any of the ordinary
rules which govern the business transactions of
men. The stock will be taken here, and, there-
fore, there will be no necessity of going to Eu-
rope. It is considered by the gentleman from
Iowa, and by the friends of the bill, that it con-
fers important benefits upon the persons named
in the bill. They will control the capital. I do
not expect that my amendment will succeed, but
I want to put upon record before the country
those who are in favor of a piece of special favor-
itism to a few men, in reference to the most mag-
nificent enterprise ever presented to the American
