32
APPENDIX TO'WIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36th Cons. .. .1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
of the gravest character, and the district attorneys
and marshals have been prompt and energetic
in their efforts to bring those who have com-
mitted them to justice. The services they have
tftus rendered have been hazardous and expens-
ive, ahd the existing laws provide no adequate
compensation for the sacrifices which they have
been compelled to make. If these laws are to
be enforced, our officers must be induced to use
the utmost vigilance, and perform their duty with
cheerfulness and readiness. Both as an act of
justice to them, and asameansof securing prompt-
ness and efficiency on their part, I would recom-
mend that authority be vested in the President to
make them a reasonable and proper allowance
for such extraordinary services as they may ren-
der in detecting and bringing to trial the violators
of these laws.
Under a usage which has prevailed, the judici-
ary fund is now charged with the expenses in-
curred in bringing home such prisoners and wit-
nesses, from foreign countries, as our consuls find
it necessary to' send, although this Department
has within itself no means of determining the rea-
sonableness of those expenses, all the dispatches
relating to them being addressed to the Secretary
of'State. As these dispatches belong appropri-
ately to the files of the State Dcpaitment, it has
been found most convenient, if not, indeed, ne-
cessary, to allow the accounts of these expenses
to be audited under its direction, and to make pay-
ment of them upon such adjustment. This prac-
tice, however, is anomalous, and it should be dis-
continued. The consuls are under the direct
supervision of the Secretary of State, and it is
quite proper that this class of expenditures should
likewise b6 subjected to his supervision, and I
recommend that a special appropriation be made
for their payment.
In May, 1858, Burton's theater, in the city of
New York, was rented for the use of the courts,
at the rate of $16,000 per annum, and th*e Govern-
ment has expended about $30,000 in altering and
fitting up the building. In the lease a clause was
inserted securing the right to purchase this prop-
erty within three years, at a price not exceeding
$215,000. The officers of the courts, the members
of the bar, and the people of New York generally,
are well pleased with the location of the building1
and the accommodations it affords. 1 behove the
property.to be well worth the money which is
proposed to be paid for it, and provision should
oe made for its purchase without delay, as other-
wise the lessor will be released from las proposi-
tion before the end of the next fiscal year. Be-
lieving it to be the true interest of the Government,
as well as a measure of sound economy, to em-
brace this opportunity of providing permanent
and convenient accommodations for the courts of
the United States in the city of New York, I earn-
estly recommend that the necessary appropriation
for this object be mude at the approaching session
of Congress.
To insure promptness and fidelity in the collec-
tion of all sums falling due to the United States,
on judgments, forfeited recognizances, and fines,
an amendment of the present statutes would be
judicious. The districtattorneys are now required
and expected to give their attention to this busi-
ness; hut for this service this Department has no
authority to allow them compensation. It would
be but just to them, and at the same time it would
subserve the public interest?, to allow them a lib-
eral cornmission on all sums collected on these
accounts, and I recommend the enactment of a
law authorizing it.
An experience, derived from the administra-
tion of the laws regulating the expenditures of
the Federal courts and their officers for more than
two years, has materially increased my confidence
in the propriety of the amendments to those laws
suggested in my former reports. I am also of
opinion that a change should be made in the act
of 1789, regulating the bonds of marshals, so as
to authorize an increase of the penalty, or the re-
quirement of a new bond, whenever, from any
cause, it may be found necessary.
PATENT OFPICE.
. The record of the operations of the Patent Of-
fice during the past year, furnishes, as usual, a
most satisfactory exhibit of the steady progress
of our country in the application of science to the
useful arts.
During the three quarters ending September 30,
1859, 5,1G7 applications for newpatents were re-
ceived; 813 caveats filed, and 3,334 patents issued
and reissued. ■
By a Reference to my report of last year, it will
be seen there has been an increase in the business
of the office for the past nine months, over the
corresponding months of 1858, of 1,076 applica-
tions for patents, 107 caveats, and 518 patents
granted.
The receipts for the three quarters were the sum
of $188,538 77, being an increase of $37,554 86
over the corresponding period of last year. The
expenditures were $157,101 15, leaving a surplus
on hand of #31,437 62.
Congress, at its last session, in makingprovis-
ion for the publication of the mechanical portion
of the Patent Office report, directed the Secretary
of the Interior to cause "the report " to beprepared
and submitted in such manner as that the plates
and drawings necessary to illustrate each subject
shall be inserted so as to comprise the entire report
in one volume, not to exceed eight hundred pages"
With an anxious desire to comply in all respects
with the expressed will of Congress, 1 have given
to this subject unusual attention. The plates
without descriptions and claims, would be unin-
telligible; the descriptions and claims without the
plates, would be of no value. The plates reduced
to the smallest practicable dimensions, and the
descriptions and claims drawn up without a sin-
gle redundant word, printed in the type required
for all congressional documents, will necessarily
occupy more space than eight hundred pages. A
literal compliance with the law is, therefore, a
physical impossibility. Yielding to the necessi-
ties of the case, I have directed the plates to be
prepared with the greatest possible economy of
space, and the descriptions and claims with the
utmost brevity consistent with perspicuity, and
submit the matter to the consideration ofCongrcss
with a frank admission that the law has not'been
obeyed because it required an impossibility.
Hie principle upon which the Patent Office was
organized, and has been conducted up to this
time, is, that its business should produce so much
in the way of fees as would prove sufficient to
defray its necessary expenses. It has devolved
no bunion upon l he Treasury of the United States.
It sustains itself; and for this reason its friends
have felt the greater confidenco m appealing to
Congress for such legislation as may be required
to perfect its organization. For several success-
ive years the attention of Congress has been earn-
estly invoked to the necessity of certain amend-
ments in the existing laws, which experience has
proved to be highly important, if not absolutely
necessai y.
The committees of Congress to whom the sub-
ject has been referred have uniformly approved
these amendments; and leported in favor of their
adoption; but in every case Congress has failed
to consider and act upon the reports.
An increase of the business of the bureau, with-
out a corresponding increase of force to manage
it, results necessarily in one of two serious evils;
either, on the one hand, vexatious delay, or, on
the other, hasty and imperfect examinations of
applications for patents. A few facts will suffice
to illustrate this: m 1855, when the examining
force of the bureau was increased to its present
number, there were 4,435 applications for patents.
The number of applications for the year 1859,
taking the average number of applications per
month for the past ten months as the basis of the
estimate, will be 6,900, showing an increase of
business for 1859 over 1855 gf 3,465 cases. In
1855, each examining room disposed of 369 appli-
cations; in 1859, each examining room will dispose
of 575 cases, being an increase in the amount of
labor performed of 55 per cent. To this it may be
added that the labor of makinga thorough examin-
ation of any application for a patent increases from
year to year somewhat in proportion to the num-
ber of similar applications previously received.
Under these circumstances it is impossible for the
office to do full justice in the transaction of its busi-
ness, either to itself or to +he public. This is not
right. The income of the office is amply sufficient
to meet all the expense which may be incurred in
reorganizing it upon such a basis as will give it the
greatest efficiency, and enable it to meet promptly
all the demands of the country. The inventors pay
for having theirbusincss done, and it is therefore
but simple justice that it should be done with a
proper and careful examination, and without un-
necessary delay. It.would be judicious, then, in
Congress to authorize the appointment, from time
to time, of such additional examiners, and first
assistantexaminers, as maybe required to transact
the business of the office with dispatch, provided
the annual expenses of the office shall in no case
exceed the annual receipts.
I take occasion here to renew the recommend-
ation, contained in my report of 1857, that the
fees required from British subjects should be re-
duced. Her Britannic Majesty's representative
at Washington has recently called the attention
of this Government to this subject. In the king-
dom of Great Britain no discrimination is now
made between American citizens and British sub-
jects. I think this cotirtesy should be recipro-
cated, and that, in respect to office fees, British
subjects should be placed on the same footing as
citizens of the United States.
Long experience and greater familiarity with
the working of this important bureau, induce me
to renew not only the preceding, but all the rec-
ommendations contained in my previous reports,
with still greater confidence in their propriety and
correctness; and I must add that the inventors of
our country, now grown to be a large, worthy,
and most useful class, have a right to claim a share
of the time and attention of the law-making branch
of the Government, and to complain when their
interests and business arc wholly neglected or
overlooked.
AGRICULTURE.
The intrinsic importance of agriculture, and the
number of our people engaged in this pursuit, jus-
tify the expenditures annually made for its im-
provement. Experience has demonstrated the in-
calculable benefits which the farmer has derived
from the discoveries of science, and the general
diffusion of intelligence has generally removed his
aversion to change in the models of cultivation.
The agi icultural reports which have been annu-
ally issued from $ns Department, have been fa-
vorably received by Congress, and large editions
of each successive report have been printed and
widely circulatcd. The influence exerted by them,
can never be ascertained; but their circulation has
been followed by a spirit of inquiry in the public
mind, and a readiness to adopt new methods of
culture and improved implements of husbandry,
and a demand for concentrated manures from re-
mote islands, and for the introduction of useful
plants and animals fiom abroad.
It is impracticablc to open and conduct an ex-
perimental farm under the direction orsupervision
of this Department, upon which the value of new
plants and new theories of cultivation may be
tested and determined. This task must be left
to practical men who have a direct pecuniary in-
terest. Of such men are the various agricultural
associations composed. Each society, m its local-
ity, can cause each new theory or plant oi seed
to be tested, and it can determine, with ease and
certainty, the usefulness and profitableness of
each. Those peculiar facilities of the agricultural
societies of the country, have placed this branch
of the public service in the position of a compiler
of the facts established, and the information ob-
tained through these agencies and the experience
of private individuals.
For years, seeds and cuttings of foreign and
domesticgrowth have been distributed throughout
the country. This has created such an active and
extensive demand for them that it was impossible
for the office to meet it; and consequently indi-
vidual enterprise has enlisted in this service, and
improved varieties have become articles of com-
merce in every part of the country. Those who
engage in this trade justly complain of the injury
done to their interests by a gratuitous distribution
by Government of large quantities of the very ar-
ticles offered by them in market. The last Con-
gress having greatly reduced the appropriation
below former estimates, the policy of distributing
seeds of dpmestic growth was abandoned, and no
portion of the appropriation has been expended
for their purchase. It is believed to be both wise
