1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2419
people. Gentlemen will see that under this bill
the work will become a reckless speculation in
stock-jobbers' hands, and the work will as inevi-
tably fail as the bill passes and the attempt is
made to put the matter into operation. It must
fail by reason of corruption, as many other good
enterprises have failed, for want of proper restric-
tions placed upon them.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Texas
misunderstands the bill entirely. The individuals
who are named in this bill as corporators are not
expected to make money out of it. They have
not solicited their positions. The position has
been thrust upon them, for the reason that they
were supposed to be men of experience and saga-
cj^,y; men who will open the books in a fair way.
ft is absurd to suppose that they can go forward
and carry on the work themselves. No such idea
was contemplated by the committee, nor is it con-
templated by the bill. They act as trustees, if
. you please, and they must open books and let
stockholders come in.
As to the matter of time mentioned by the gen-
tleman, I have no idea that a meeting1 can be held
in less time than three months. Many of these
persons do not know that they are incorporators.
They were selected because it was believed that
they would go into this matter as patriots and as
honorable men, and there was no idea, and there
is no attempt, to give them a speculation.
Mr REAGAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa if it is not in the power of these corpo-
rators, within a few hours after the passage of this
bill, to allow any small number of men they may
select to take the enure stock of this company
without paying one cent for it?
Mr. CCJRTlS. Did you ever see a railroad
made by a monopoly > There is no possibility
that this road can be built by these men; but if
this body of fifty men saw fit to lake all tins stock
themselves, and could do it and carry on the en-
terprise themselves, could you devise any bettor
way of accomplishing this great work? They
have power to do it, but they must take care, un-
der their oath and their honor, that they do not
give to any one man more stock than he is worth.
The bill is guarded so as to avoid the very diffi-
culty to which the gentleman alludes. "VVe do
not profess to have perfected the bill beyond the
possibility of schemes of fraud, but we believe
we have effectually prevented the one to which
the gentleman alludes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire the House
to contemplate the fact that we are engaged in a
grave and most important work of legislation,
involving the expenditure of millions of dollars,
aiming to accomplish a vast and mighty enter-
prise, founded entirely upon the honor of certain
gentlemen, who are not even volunteers. 1 say
here that the American Congress is? about-pro-
ceeding to inaugurate a work involving the ex-
penditure of at least £00,000,000—oh, that u would
stop there—to be paid out of the public Treasury,
by founding that proceeding upon the honor of
men who are not volunteers; upon men who are
not even volunteers in fact, butwhose names were
kindly put into this bill by the generous agency
of the members of the committee, or thekmd sug-
gestion of this gentleman and that. Yes, the gen-
tleman from Iowa says they were put into this
grave position without any expectation that they
are to make money out of it. Was there ever such
a view of grave public legislation? Was there
ever such an idea that, in this great Government,
where millions are to be scattered broadcast over
the land, the whole is to rest upon the more voli-
tion and honor of men; that we shall not intro-
duce, or attempt to introduce, any restrictions
upon them, lest it shall offend them; that we shall
not take steps to guai<Tagainst fraud, because it
will offend their honor? And yet this is the real
foundation of our legislation, as we are told by
the honorable chairman of the special committee,
who initiated this great proceeding.
Is it possible that we are expected to recognize
any such unusual course in reference to this great •
practical work? Yet so il is; and while the gen-
< tleman from Texas proposes to give embodying
force and power and responsibility to this move-
• ment, it is gravely discussed before an American
♦ Congress whether an organism of honor should
* not be preferred to an organism of law and re-
sponsibility. There is the issue. The gentle-
\ man from Texas is disposed to put this whole
subject in an organized form, under personal and
legal responsibility, in a position in which a man
may lose and men may gain; and yet the Amer-
ican Congress is called upon to disregard these
suggestions, and to substitute those of the gentle-
man from Iowa, who w'ould treat these parties as
men of honor, without the slightest responsibility
on their part.
Mr. CURTIS. I wouldask the gentleman from
Virginia whether he does not know, as a member
of the committee, that these corporatoisare bound
by the law itself, in the first place, that they shall
incorporate themselves and go on and begin the
work in one year; and in the next place, that they
cannot have a dollar of money till they have con-
structed fifty miles of road; that then they receive
only a small sum; that for the next fifty miles
they receive a larger sum, and so on? If they do
wrong, still the Government cannot be cheated.
They aje, therefore, under restraints of law, as
much so as men can be. If they associate others
with them, these come, of course, under the same
provisions.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is concedcd by
the gentleman from Iowa himself that these gen-
tlemen are under no obligation to step one inch
forward in this enterprise. They are merely to
be governed, as he himself says, in the perform-
ance of their duties, by the simple obligations
of honor. They are to have a year during which
this great enterprise is to linger till they fold their
arms, calculate their chances, ascertain their pros-
pects, and resolve whether they will or will not
engage in the undertaking. They will undertake
it, unquestionably, if they find there is money in it,
and that they can makeagoodtlungoutofit. But
if they find that it is to be attended with loss, that
clouds and doubts hang upon it, I promise you
that they will—their honor notwithstanding—re-
fuse to have anything to do with it. The patriot-
ism of the money bag is controlling men who de-
light in accumulating !
J again come back to the question: will you re-
quire this company in limine to organize? The
gentleman from Iowa says they are bound to ob-
tain an act of incorporation. If that be so, it is
mferentially and argunientativcly certain that
there is no obligation on them to do it. What is
the penalty if they do not organize? What is
the loss it they do not oigamze? According to
the gentleman fiom Iowa, their only loss is the
trouble they may have had—nothing more. 1 say,
then, that if the view of the gentleman in that le-
gard be coired, he should have no objection to
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas,
whose proposition undoubtedly gives form and
snape to this thing. Why should he object to that
amendment? Witliout going into the general sub-
ject, with regard to which 1 desire to be heaid
before the matter is disposed of, 1 ask again,
why it is that the amendment should be resisted'
I ask that it may be read again, and I trust that
m that reading it will commend itself to the intel-
ligence of the House.
1 now move that all further debate on the
amendment be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Reagan's amendment was again read.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leave to modify it, by
making the term six months instead of three.
There being no objection, the amendment was
so modified.
Mr. REAGAN called for the yeas efnd nays
on the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays woie ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 50; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldtich, Allen, Thomas
L. Andui-on, William O. Andeison, Barksdale, Ban, Bar-
rett, Umgiiam, BiaUe, Botelei, lhabson, Braneh,
Buieh, Carter, Case, Horace P. t.'laik, John IS. Clark, (Jlop-
tou, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corwm, Cox, Burton Cratge,
Crawioid, Cuiry, JohnG. L)avi , Dunn, Ldmuudson, Eth-
enjtee, Floientr, Garnett, Guitreii, Gihuer, Graham, Hale,
Hamilton, {laidmian, J. Morrison 11 am-*, llatton, llehmck,
Hill, Iloaul, liolman, Houston, William llowaul, Hughes,
Jackson, Ivunkel, Landrum, Jame-> M. Leach, Logan,
Love, Lovejoj*, Macluy, Ma> nurd, McQueen, Mcliae, Mill-
son, Miilwaidj Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Edwaid Joy
Morns, l>aac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Fettit,
Cottle, Pugh, Quarles, lte.igan, Christopher Uobmson,
James C. Robinson, Rnyee, liuthn, Simni;-, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spmuer, Staliwoith,
Stanton, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Theaker,
Tnomas, Tompkins, Undeiwood, Valiuudighum, Vance,
Wade Walton, Elliliu B. VVa hburne, YVmdoni, Wtfudbon,
and Wright—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Babbitt, Blair, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Batterfield, Carey, Curtis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
rarnsworth, Ponton, Ferry, Foster, Frank,French,Good?,
Guiley, Hall, Humphrey, Uutchins, Irvine, jankin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Loomis, Marston, McKean, McKnight, MoPhersoa, MoOr-
head, Nixon, Potter, Schwartz, Sherman, SpauJding, Strat-
ton, Tappan, Vandever, Van Wyck, Weils, and Woodruff
So Mr. Reagan's amendment, as modified, was
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. RICE stated that Mr. Train was paired
off.
Mr. TRIMBL.E stated that he was paired with
Mr. Harris, of Virginia.
Mr. CLOPTON stated that Mr. Lamar was
paired with Mr. Clark B. Cochrane, and Mr. .
Boyce with Mr. Martin, of Ohio.
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Palmer, was
paired for one week with Mr. English.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Stewart,
of Pennsylvania, was paired with Mr". Prtor.
Mr.TAPPAN stated that Mr. Olin was paired
with Mr. Keitt.
IVfr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Morse Wa« de-
tained from the Hall by sickness.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. REAGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NOELL. I offer the following amendment
to the first section:
vStrike out all after the enacting clause down to, and In-
cisive ot, the word Camci'ma," in the twelfth line, and
im>eit as tollosvd:
That, to insure a safe and speedy transportation of mails,
troops, ami public stores hom the valley oi the Mississippi
nvei to the 1'aeilieeo.ist, by lailioad, ^tailing at a point on
the western boundary of the State of Texas, between the
thirty-louith and tiurty-Mith parallels ol' noi til latitude, and
thence south, by a single tiimk line, by the nearest and
best loutc to Uk. State of California.
Stuke out the woid uonr" in the twenty-second line,
same section, and insert the word u three.*'
Mr. BARRETT. I desire to indicate an amend-
ment which 1 wish to have read for information,
and that it may be printed as the other amend-
ments have been ordered to be.
The amendment was read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Amend the first feection by striking «ut the sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh lines, and inserting in
lieu thereol, the following:
Fiom Kansa* City, m the State of Missouri, so as to con-
nect with the Pacific uulroad Irom St. Louis, and then pro-
ceeding by as ingh'trunk line, b> the nearest and bcs>t route,
to the eity of San Fiancisco, in California.
There being no objection, the amendments were
ordered to be printed.
RECIPROCITY TREATY,
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous consent,
presented a communication fiom the Board of
Ticide of Chicago, in reference to the reciprocity
treaty, which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. HARRIS, of
Maryland, (at half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jtfay 29, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, R<?v. Dr. Guri.ky.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
siaky j. maddux.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 394)
for the relief of Mary J. Maddux, have instructed
me to report it back, and recommend Us passage;
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
take it up now. This lady is in very indigent
circumstances, is unwell herself, and has a sick
daughter here. The committee are unanimous.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will it pro-
duce debate?
Mr. POWELL. It will not produce any de-
bate. It will not take two minutes. It is all right.
The Seriate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Mrs. Mary J. Maddux, widow of Ed-
ward C. Maddux, ol Kentucky, upon the pension
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, com-
mencing on the 21st of May, 1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
