1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Duty of Parties—Mr. Davis.
Ho. op Ebps.
and just to confine operations to the purchase and
distribution of such varieties of plants, seeds, cut-
tings, &c., as have not already been introduced
into the country.
The ten seed has been introduced from China,
and germinated in houses prepared for that pur-
pose in Washington. The step ncxUo be taken
is to convey the plants to suitable localities, and
to cause them to be tested under the supervision
of intelligent and responsible persons. This will
be done at the earliest practicable period, and with
no apprehension as to their successful growth m
all c^ses in which proper attention shall be given.
Tlie successful cultivation of the vine in this
country no longer remains an experiment. The
breadth of land planted in vineyards is every day
extending and the yield is large and remunerative.
The estimate is that we now have more than
eleven thousand acres devoted to this culture; and
while the product of some vineyards, in the most
favorable season, has been eight hundred gallons
to the acre, the average crop per acre of the whole
country will compare favorably with that of the
most successful wine-producing countries of Eu-
rope, and its value is five or six hundred per cent,
greater at the several places of production. The
Hiffercnt species of native grapes have been sought
for, and as far as practicable the value of each for
the manufacture of wine has been tested by chem-
ical analysis. The modes of cultivation and the
process of making and preserving wine have been
examined, and much interesting and valuable in-
formation obtained. A large number of cuttings
of the best and most approved varieties have been
prepared for distribution.
Steps have been taken to introduce from foreign
countries a variety of seeds, plants, and trees
which may be usefully cultivated and grown in
this country.
A number of scientific gentlemen in various
parts of the United States have been engaged for
several years past, without compensation, in
making meteorological observations, which have
been regularly communicated to the Patent Office;
the necessary instruments being provided at the
joint expense of the Patent Office and the Smith-
sonian Institution. To reduce these observations
to a condensed tabular form, has involved an ex-
penditure which has also been jointly sustained.
These observations, thus condensed, are now
ready for the press, and will accompany the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of Patents. They
exhibit thv mean temperature of the seasons in
different parts of the country, and thus furnish
data esteemed of high importance in scientific
agriculture, and as of great value in supplying the
facts on which are based important theories of
the winds and storms that sweep over the conti-
nent.
In justicc to the gentlemen who have devoted
their time and labor in this behalf, these tables
should be printed; but whether theexpense should
be defiayed by the Smithsonian Institution or by
the Government is a question submitted for the
determination of Congress.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, J. THOMPSON,
Secretary of the Interior
The President of the United States.
Tllfi DUTY OF PARTIE;
rES. /
V
SPEECH OF HON. REUBEN DAVIS,
or Mississippi,
In the House of Representatives,
December 8, 1859,
[revised BY HIMSELF,*}
On tlie leconciliation of parties and the organization of
the Ilou^e.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said:
Mr. Clerk: It was said by the gentleman from
[llinois, a moment since, that he imdcrstood I was
anxious to address the House to-day. 1 am not
anxious. I have been here for several days with-
out consuming a moment of your time. I was
ready to vote the first hour I entered this Hall,
and am now ready and willing; and if I could bo
assured no more speeches would be made by
*For the ongmal report, sec page 67 Cong. Globe.
New Series—No. 3.
other members, I would yield the floor, as 1 am
as anxious as any one to have an organization,
and quite as unwilling, unnecessarily, to consume
our time in these discussions. In my remarks
to-day, invective is no part of my purpose. I
have nothing severe to utter against any member
here. I speak only for the purpose ot express-
ing to the House my views m reference to the
present condition of this vast country, and to point
the attention of members here to the dangers
which pend over us. I arise only to array, if
possible, the Representatives of the nation here,
m support of measures of harmony, and to induce
others to come back to the support of the Govern-
ment in its spirit and intent, as established by our
revolutionary forefathers: I think the Govern-
ment is worth saving. X am no disunionist, per
se. It is the last desire of my heart that thisunion
of States shall ever be rent asunder. I was, by
a revolutionary sire, taught to love it from my
cradle, and I now admire it for its present great-
ness, for its vast achievements, and for its past
glories; and I am wiling to-day to make as many
and as large sacrifices for it as any man in this
House or within the limits of our vast and great
country. But, in my judgment, there are evils
which may spring from it greater than any ad-
vantages which the Union now affords, and when
those evils shall come, if they ever do, with all my
admiration for it I will aid in rending it asunder.
Yesterday, the members of the Democratic
party from the South were denounced by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nel-
son] as being fire-caters and disuniomsts. This
is the language used to us in 185], and then, as
now, unjustly. The contest in that year, between
the two parties South, grew out of measures set-
tled by the compromise of 1830 m such manner
as to inflict upon the southern States great injus-
tice. That, taken m connection with a long line
of former grievances, induced us to determine, by
State action, to demand of the free States guaran-
tees for future equality and justice. We believed
the features of the compromise foreshadowed the
coming storm, which is now breaking with such
terrible fury upon the southern States of this
Union. We did not propose to go out of the
Union; that was not the position of the South
then. The party of the gentleman from Tennessee
did then make the charge of disunion agoin.stus;
but it was a party movement for party success and
triumph. Many of our opponents then, now re-
gret their opposition. Sir, our object was not
disunion; we only proposed that the southern
States should meet in convention and counsel to-
gethci; and if, in their judgment, the northern
States were aggressing upon us, we would demand
further constitutional guarantees that our equality
and right pi, under the compact of our fathers,
should no further be violated. To this extent
only did our party go in 1851. We all denied
the charge of disunion then made o tninst us.
The State-rights party did then say that, when
this demand was made by the southern States, if
it was not heeded by the northern States, they
would regard the refusal as evidence of their de-
termination to overthrow our institutions and de-
prive us of our equality m the Union; and in that
event, rather than remain in the Union as infe-
riors, trampled upon by the despotic will of
haughty usurpers, we would secede even at the
peril of ruinous war. And I say here to the gen-
tleman, if the whole South had been united in
that demand, we would have secured concessions
which would have given concord to our people
and harmony to our country; and to-day, asper-
ities of sectional feeling and sectional animosity
would not be now disturbing our deliberations.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee also
holds the Democratic party responsible for the
disturbed condition of the country. I suppose his
objectm this was to prejudice us m the estimation
of the nation. As a member of that party, I make
no denial to the charge. 1 am willing to take the
responsibility thereof; but has it occurred to him
why this is so? We have been the granite shore
against which the angry waves of abolitionism
have beat in vain, which has put limits to its ad-
vance, and stayed its aggressions; wo have stood
upon the Constitution of our country, and resisU d
aggression. For this the thunders of their denun-
ciation, from rostrum and pulpit, have been hurled
against us; to that extent the Democratic party
may bo responsible; to thatextentwe may be ob-
noxious to the charge of the gentleman; and I am
astonished it has not occurred to him that patri-
otism demands that he should have sinned with
us, if it be sinning. He knows the Abolitionists of
the free States desire to overrun us; and have in-
terfered with our domestic institutions within the
limits of theStates. I vindicate, then, the Demo-
cratic party against the charge, but proudly as-
sume the lofty respdnsibility. That party is the
barrier over which the Abolitionists must break
before they can invade directly our domestic insti-
tutions, or deprive us of our just equality under
the Constitution of our common country.
The position of our party is, that the spiritand
letter of the Constitution shall be the rule of < the
action of the Government; that the integrity of
the Government be maintained,and the Union be
continued forever; and that every State in the
Union be permitted to enjoy its full equality in
rights and in privileges, under the compact of our
fathers; and if this is not allowed, then the Union
is a failure, and should be dissolved. We blush
not to acknowledge this as our lofty position, and
we sneer at the criticism of opponents.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I wish to make to the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson]
the most distinct disavowal of any intention to
charge him or his party with having any sympa-
thy with William H. Seward and the Black Re-
publican party. I cannot believe that any man
has yet been born upon the soil of Tennessee, or
breathes the air wafted over that gallant State,
who could for a moment cooperate with William
H. Seward in his measures of treason, rapine,
and murder, against the South. But I do wish
to remind liim and his party that William H.
Seward has said the Democratic party must be
put down, because it is now the only support of
slavery. Do you not know he has said the only
thing which now gives protection and security to
the institution of slavery, and averts from the
southern States an invading horde of murderous
fanatics, is the national Democratic party ? Do
you not know he has said, every party which has
vindicated the rights of the South to her institu-
tion iias been annihilated by the Abolitionists?
Do you not know he has said, the only thing re-
maining to be done, to enable him to propagate
effectually and successfully his doctrines of eman-
cipation, is the destruction of the Democratic
party? He admits it is national, and the only
national party in the country, and therefore stands
in lus way to triumph. 1 tell you, then, if the
Black Republicans shall be victors in the battle
they are now fighting with the northern wing of
our party, nothing national will remain, and the
Constitution of our country must be destroyed in
the sectional conflict for existence. This being the
case, looking' to the great object the Republican
party has in view, are you not indirectly—ah,
directly, I may say, although not intentionally—
aiding that party to effect its object, by your
present position?
Mr. NELSON. With the permission of my
friend from Mississippi, I beg leave to say, once
for all, that, so far as I am personally concerned,
I detest the doctrines avowed by William II.
Seward.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I know that; and
therefore desire fairly to bring to your attention
how your position now may aid him in breaking-
down the Democratic party, which he so anx-
iously desires to destroy for the sin of staying the
ruin lie would bring upon us. I believe the gen-
tleman and his party are as patriotic as I am. 1
believe that he and they would make as many-
sacrifices for the interests and rights of the South
as I would; and therefore it is X appeal to them
to come to-day, throwing over the memory of our
past party conflicts the mantle of oblivion, hush-
ing their prejudices for us in slumbers, and array
themselves under the constitutional banner of the
national Democracy, and fight with us as allies,
until we shall have vanquished forever from tins
; Eden of liberty, this land of the free, and this
: home of the brave, this foul and fiendish spirit
I of abolitionism, which, if allowed to live, must
I bring ruin upon us all alike.
| Holding the Democratic, party to be the only
! national party of the country, embodyingthe. only
