1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
grate to the South to avoid the payment of tariff
taxes?' If itwere known thatone third of the stores
in New York could not be rented, how much would
real property fall, then? Deprived of southern
freights, what would be the loss on your vast ship-
ping interest ? I give you, in this calculation, the
benefit of the assumption that all the free States
would go with you. In fact, I do not believe that
the Northwest would remain connected with New
England, still less that you could retain Califor-
nia and Oregon.
But you, Senators, do not believe the South will
resist. Look for a moment at the course of things
there. In those sections thatl am best acquainted
with, thereare hundreds of disunionists now where
there was one ten years ago. By disunionists, I
mean men who would prefer to see the Union con-
tinue, if the Constitution were fairly administered,
but who have already deliberately come to the
conclusion that this is'impossible, and would will-
ingly to-day see the Union dissolved. In some
of the States, this class constitutes decided ma-
jorities now, arid in others where they a.re not,
the majority is ready to unite with them upon the
happening of some further causes. In my judg-
ment, the election of the presidential candidate of
the Black Republican party will furnish thatcause.
The principles of that party, as announced in the
contest of 1856, were such that no honorable south-
ern man could possibly belong to it. I see that
the general committee in their call properly take
this view, and only extend their invitation to the
Opposition in the free States. What precise anti-
slavery platform they adopt is not very import-
ant, as they will of course make it so as to ob-
tain the support of their most moderate members,
kno%ving that the ultra ones will go with them any
how. In fact they know that in the language of
the Senator fromNewYork, [Mr.Seward,] "cir-
cumstances determine possibilities," and that ho
and they are willing " at all times" to do all they
can, in power or out of it, to overthrow slavery.
It is said, however, that we ought to wait for
some overt act; and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] the other day declared that it
was wrong and insolent for southern men to talk
of resisting merely because they, the Republicans,
elected men to carry out "llieir views.'"' That
Senator is very wise, and knows that, when aman
wishes to subdue a wild horse, he treats the animal
with the greatest kindness at first, and commits no
overt act onhimuntilhe'mwellandsecxirely tied. Sup-
pose that your candidate was known to be in favor
of making a treaty with Great Bi itam, by whic.li
the United Slates were to be rcannexed as colonics
to that country, and he had been elected by the
majority of votes, would the minority, who might
still wish to preserve their independence, be bound
to wait until the treaty had been actually ratified,
and British armies had taken possession of the
country, and begun to maltreat the inhabitants'
In the present case, the very inauguration of your
candidate makes him commander of the Army and
Navy. One of his first acts would be, doubtless,
to station them advantageously, while, at the same
time, he could carefully remove from the South all
the public arms, lest the people should take them
for defense. He would fill the southern States
with postmasters, and other officials, whose efforts
would be directed to dividing, as much as possible,
the people of the South, and to forming connec-
tions with the negroes. Doubtless, some such
policy as this would be adopted before any direct
blow was struck at slavery anywhere. Should
we, under these disadvantages, begin to resist, n
long and bloody struggle, like that of our Revo-
lution, might be the consequence. The very im-
pression that Fremont was to be elected produced
some disturbances among the slaves; and with a
Black Republican President a hundred such forays
as John Brown's might occur in a single year.
Though the negroes left to themselves are harm-
less, yet, when assisted and led on by Europeans
in St. Domingo, they destroyed the white inhab-
itants. As the Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
Ann] hold:-;, that the constitutional guarantees^in
favor of slavery, being " in violation of the divine
law," cannot be enforced, and "oughtto be relin-
quished," he would be on the side of the negro.
The objections arc not personal merely to this
Senator, but apply equally to any membci of the
party elected by it. It has, in fact, been sug-
gested that, as a matter of prudence, for the first
election tlir.y should choose a southern Free-Soiler.
Would the colonies have submitted more willingly
to Benedict Arnold than to Lord Cornwallis? By
way of palliation it has been said, that even if a
Black Republican should be elected, he would
probably disappoint his party, and bo more con-
servative than they are; and that the worst he
would do, might be to plunder the country, by
legislation or otherwise. This, however, would
ba only a reprieve to us; for the very fact of his
election on such grounds, and our submission, as
it would destroy our friends in the North, would
demoralize and degrade our own people and ren-
der them incapable of resistance, while our ene-
mies, flushed with success, would select, after-
wards, more ultra agents to carry out their
" views." No other " overt act" can so imper-
atively demand resistance on our part, as the sim-
ple election of their candidate. Their organiza-
tion is one of avowed hostility, and they come
against us as enemies; and should we submit, we
shall be in the condition of an army which sur-
renders at discretion, and can only expect such
terms as the humanity of the conqucrormay grant.
But, we are asked how we will go about making
a revolution or dissolving the Union ? This would
possibly have been a difficult question to answer
during the first year of our Revolution, when our
forefathers were avowedly fighting to get good
terms of reconciliation with the mother country.
Mr. Jefferson said that six weeks before the Dec-
laration was made', a majority of the men who
made it had not even thought of independence.
The people of the colonies, though they had not
authorized anybody to make it, accepted it, never-
theless, as a fact.
Who anticipated the sudden revolutions that
overthrew several monarchies in Prance ? Though
it requires skill to create governments, yet men
often destroy them very unscientifically. As the
main strength of all governments is in public opin-
ion, so, when that is forfeited, they often seem to
fall easily and suddenly. As the Government of
the United States, with the attachment of its citi-
zens, is the strongest in the world, so, when that
is lost, it would become one of the weakest.
E may say, however, that I do not thmk there
will be any secession of the southern members of
Congress from this Capitol. It has always struck
me that this is a point not to be voluntarily sur-
rendered to the public enemy. If lives should be
lost here, it would seem poetically just that this
should occur. I cannot find wordg enough to
express my abhorrence and detestation of such
creatures as Garrison and Wendell Phillips, who
stimulate others to deeds of blood, and, at the. same
time, are so cowardly that they avoid all danger
themselves. As from this Capitol so much lias
gone forth to inflame the public mind, if our coun-
trymen are to bo involved in a bloody struggle,
I trust in God that the first fruits of the collision
may be reaped here. While it is due to justice
that I should speak thus, it is but fair to myself
to say, that I do not remember a time when 1
would have been willing to sacrifice the life of an
innocent person to save my own; and I have never
doubted but that it was the duty of every citizen
to give'his life cheerfully to preserve the Union of
these Slates, while that Union was founded on an
honest observance of the Constitution. Of the
benefits of the Confederacy to all sections, pro-
vided justice be done in the administration of the
Government, there, can be no question.
Independently of its advantages to us all, there
are reasons why it should be maintained. Con-
siderations of this kind were, during the last year,
brought to my mind from new points of view, and
with added force. When, last spring, I landed in
England, I found that country agitated with ques-
tions of reform. In the struggle which was main-
tained on both sides with the greatest animation,
there were constant references to the United States;
and the force of our example was stimulating the
Liberals, and tending to the overthrow of aristo-
cratic and monarchic restrictions. Our institu-
tions and our opinions were referred to only to be
applauded, except by a small but influential aris-
tocratic clique. That oligarchy cannot forget the
Revolution of July, 1776, which deprived Britain
of this magnificent western empire; and it sees,
with even bitterer feelings, its own waning power
and vanishing privileges under the inspiriting in-
fluences of our prosperity. It, however, is always
j ready to take by the hand any American of prom- |
i inent position who habitually denounces and de- i
predates his own Government, and labors for its
overthrow.
In this connection, I remember a statement made
to me by the late American Minister at Paris, Mr.
Mason. He spoke of having had a conversation
with one whose name I do not feel at liberty to
mention, but whose influence on the opinion of
continental Europe is considerable, who admitted
to him that life re was nothing in fact wrong in our
negro slavery; but who, nevertheless, declared
that if the Union of our States continued, at no
distant day we should control the world; and,
therefore, as an European he felt it to be his duty
to press anti-slavery views, as the only chance to
divide us. I have other and many reasons to know
that tho monarchies of Europe, threatened with
downfall from revolutionary movements, seek,
through such channels as they control, to make
similar impressions. A hundred times was the
question asked me, "Will you divide in Amer-
ica?" But never once was the inquiry made of
me, " Will slavery be abolished, will your coun-
try become more respectable in the eyes of the
Abolitionists ?" The middle and lower classes of
England, who are struggling to acquire additional
privileges, look with satisfaction and hope to our
progress. France, too, is imbued with Ameri-
can ideas, and, notwithstanding its despotic form
of government, is one of the most democratic
countries in Europe. Italy I found in the midst
of revolutions, and its monarchies falling down
without even a day's notice, and its inhabitants,
while recalling the republican ideas of past ages,
looked with exultation to that great trans-Atlantic
Confederacy, where there are no kings and no
dukes; and more than once, while passing through
Tuscany or Lombardy, the enthusiasm of the
people reminded me, by their music and banners
and shoutings, of my own countrymen, at a
Fourth of July celebration. Germany, the recep-
tacle of millions of letters from this side of the
water, is being rapidly educated, and is already
i far advanced to a stable free system. The Swiss
and the Belgians are boasting of the resemblances
of their Governments and ours. Everywhere,too,
are our countrymen distinguished and recognized
for their intellectual activity and energy. The
people abroad have, perhaps, exaggerated ideas
of our immense progress, our vast power, and
growing ascendency in the civilized world. The
masses, pressed down by military conscriptions
and inordinate taxation, look with pride and con-
fidence to the great American Republic, that in
time they hope will dominate over the earth and
break the power of its kings. But the Senator
from Now York, [Mr. Seward,] and those who
act with him, have determined that these hopes
shall no longer be cherished, and thatour system
shall fall, to gratify the wishes and meet the views
of the British Exeter Hall anti-slavery society.
He holds that our Government has hitherto been
administered m "violation of the divine law, "and
that our former institutions must give way to the
"higher law," abolitionism, and free negroism.
This is the issue wc are now called upon to meet.
Should the decision of the ides of November
be adverse to the fortunes of the Republic, it will
become the high duty of the South, at least, to
protect itself. Northern gentlemen, I believe,
with great unanimity say that if the conditions
were reversed, they would not be willing to sub-
mit for a moment; and many, like Mr. Fillmore,
do us the justice to say that it would be " mad-
ness or foliy to believe" that we would " submit
to be governed by such a Chief Magistrate" as
Fremont. The general tone of feeling in the
South, and the rapid formation of vigilance com-
mittees and military companies, indicate that our
people have not forgotten the lessons of the Rev-
olution, and there may be a contest among the
States as to which shall be most prompt to resist.
To avoid any such necessity, our people are
disposed, generally, to make every effort consist-
ent with honor. Tliey will, with great unanim-
ity, go into battle upon the old platform of prin-
ciples, and, waiving all past issues, heartily
support the standard-bearer who may be selected.
But the fate of the country mainly depends upon
the success which may crown the efforts of those
brave and patriotic men in the North, who, in
spite of the odds arrayed against them, have so
long maintained an unequal struggle against the
ant i-slavery current. They fight under a flag
which waves in every State of the Union. Should
