1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
a mind to attend to it. I have no fears of not hav-
ing- a quorum. Senators will very much neglect
their duty, if they do not come here and attend to
important business relative to the District of Co-
lumbia, not only from my committee, but from
others. Therefore, if Senators will allow me, I
will ask that Saturday again be assigned for the
consideration of District business, and then I shall
mo?  to postpone the consideration of this ques-
tion to that day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the Chair will entertain that motion. It
is not strictly in order, if objection be made.
Mr. WADE. I hope this bill will be post-
poned until Saturday, and I wish to give notice
now 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on assigning Saturday for the considera-
tion of District business.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on postponing this bill until Saturday
next.
Mr. WADE. I am glad it is settled as it is;
and I rise to give notice that early next week I
shall move to take up the homestead bill, and I will
antagonize it to anything else that may be got up,
and I hope its friends will all be on hand.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
DAMAGES FOE ORADINft.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to take up the bill
in reference to the grading of the streets.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
313) to authorize the Court of Claims to award
damages against the United States in certain cases
therein mentioned, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that whenever any owner of real
estate in Washington shall deem his property to
have been damaged by the act of the Government
in causing the grades of the streets and avenues
of the city to be changed, he may petition the
Court of Claims for damages against the United
States; .and the court shall hear the potitkfn, and
award such equitable damages as, on proof taken
in the usual form, may appear to be due; but in
no case shall the United States be held m dam-
ages where the grade has been made in accordance
with the survey existing at the time the petitioner
became the owner of the ground. It is distinctly'
declared that the United States is not responsible
for damage done to private property by grading
streets and avenues according to the surveys ex-
isting when the owner thereof made his or her
purchase, but only for damages resulting from
changes and alterations made in such grades by
order of Congress. And it shall in all cases be
lawful for the United States to plead as offset
any benefit resulting to the real estate of any com-
plainant by reason of such change or alteration,
and to have the amount deducted from the award
before judgment is rendered for the complainant.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to me to be a
very dangerous bill. According to this, we are
to become liable for all the damages which may
have been occasioned by the altering of the grades
of the city of Washington. There is no telling
how much money this will involve, and what sort
of inquiryarc we to go into in order to avail our-
selves of the little guard the bill gives us? We
are to take testimony to know whether the house
was built according to the original survey or not;
wo are to take testimony, and present it, to see
whether the advantage conferred on the property-
holder by the change of grade is greater than the
injury sustained. I know cases where individ-
uals say they were injured to the amount of thou-
sands. There is no telling what the bill will cost
us. Nor is it equitable and just that we should
pay these damages, i believe it has been a matter
of decision—my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] I think,has a case on the subject—which
shows very clearly that we arc not bound in law
or m reason to pay for such things.
Mr. BROWN. The committee did not report
this bill lightly. They admitted, as the printed
report shows, that the Government was not le-
gally liable. That is the uniform current of de-
cisions in this country and in Europe. The Gov-
ernment is not liable, simply because itis regarded
as a sovereign. As a sovereign, it is not liable i
except where it admits its liability. These very I
complainants have had their cases before the I
courts, and, as the report shows, have been dis-
missed with costs, because they had no legal right
to damages; but the report is based ugon equita-
ble grounds. What ought the Government to do
when by its own act it has inflicted a palpable in-
jury on one of its own citizens? Look out, sir,
from your Capitol at the house which belongs to
Captain Wilkes, built originally according to the
survey established andapproved by George Wash-
ington, who made the plan of your city; but now,
by an arbitrary change of grade, the man's house
is left standing upon an elevation twenty-five or
thirty feet ahove the level of the street. This was
arbitrarily done by the Government. You are not
legally bound, because, I say again, the Govern-
ment is sovereign; but has the Government, be-
cause it is sovereign, the right to wrong its own
citizen, to inflict palpable, downright, and out-
rageous injury _on him, and say it will not com-
pensate him, simply because it is in its power to
do the wrong?- This would be the argument
of the highwayman who hos the power over his
victim and robs him. I undertake to say, that in
cases of this kind, the Government, while not le-
gally bound, according to the rulings of the judges,
is equitably hound to make indemnity, and ought
to do it. Sir, here are citizens who went accord-
ing to the grades established at the time; it is
proved by disinterested parties that they exam-
ined the surveys, the surveys approved, standing
appnncd at the time, built their houses accord-
ingly; then, the Government comes and arbitia-
rily digs down the street fifteen or twenty feet in
front of their premises, thus rendering their prop-
erty utterly woithless. I elaim that in cases of
that sort, equity requires us to make indemnity,
and it is not honest to refuse it.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Missis-
sippi allow me to ask whether it is the Govern-
ment of the United States who does it, or the cor-
poration of Washington?
Mr. BROWN. The bill says expressly that
the Government is to be responsible only where
Congress alter the grade.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask if that does not make
us responsible, in fart, for every alteration in the
streets; because the corporation cannot alter the
grade without the consent of Congress?
Mr. BROWN. I do not care. If Congress
ordered its creature to do wrong, Congress is re-
sponsible for the act of its creature, I care not
whether the man who went and dug away the
earth was paid out of the national Treasury or the
treasury of the city of Washington; it was still
the act of Congress, and Congress ought to bo
responsible for it. I do not recognize the right
of my Government to destroy my property, and
yet refuse to make indemnity, if it were the case
of the Senator from Virginia, instead of being
the case of these complainants, I dare say he
would regard himself as entitled to damages.- If
he had boughtfrom the Government—mark you,
from the Government itself—a lot of groiuid, and
had erected a magnificent house upon it, such as
were suited to the dignity of a Senator from Vir-
ginia, with a guarantee that the Government
would make no grade in front of his house which
would destroy its value, and this Government
came and dug a great ditch in front of his house
twenty feet deep, rendering his property value-
less, what would the Senator expect this "Govern-
ment to do, and what would the Government do?
He. would expect indemnity, and the Government
would award it; and the humblest'American citi-
zen is entitled to the same thing.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, the prop-
osition of the Senator is that though, in passing
laws for the government of this city, we pnss the ;
best laws we can devise according to the best lights {
we have; yet, if we happen to make a mistake, |
and authorize the corporation to do things which j
may injure an individual, we are to pay the dam- |
ages. It would be just as proper to say that we
were bound in our individual capacities for the
errors we commit.
Mr. CROWN. I understand that an individual
is bound in his individual caj^acity for his indi-
vidual errors.
Mr. HUNTER. For a law he votes for?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; but I understand that
the Senator from Virginia, if ho commits an in-
dividual error against me or my property, how-
ever honest and weli meaning he maybe, is bound
for it; and if Congress commits a wrong against
a citizen, Congress ought to be bound. I admit
it is jiot legally bound, because it has not agreed
to be so; but equitably bound.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I really think, sir, that this
is a very extraordinary proposition made to us.
The corporation of Washington has control over
its streets, but we have a right to supervise that
control. Having large interests here,,this being
the seat of Government, we see that the streets
are not laid out and graded to the inconvenience
of the public and to the damage of the public
property; but in all other respects we give the
corporation of Washington the same powers that
all other cities have for the grading of its own
streets. The proposition now is, that whenever
we authorize the city ofWashington to grade its
streets, we, the Government of the United States—
not the city ofWashington, not the corporation,
but the Government of the United States—shall
pay every man whose property may be inconve-
nienced or diminished in value by it, the damage
he suffers. The streets belong to the public.
The fee of the soil carries the right to the soil
down to the ccntor of the earth, according to the
firtion of the law books, and a right to the sky
above, as high as you can carry your buildings.
: You take a street which belongs to you, either
dig it down or fill it up to suit your own purposes,
those purposes being the public convenience; and
the proposition is, that because you have used
your own property in that way, you shall pay
somebody else whose property is thereby ren-
dered less valuable.
In using your own undoubted legal right, you
are not only to pay for what you do for the public
convenience, but you must pay everybody else that
may happen to be injured; so that in legislation
we are not to bo guided, as people generally arc
guided, by the consideration of the public interest
regardless of the particular inconvenience, but we
are to regard the public interest, and take care of
that, and then pay for every particular inconve-
nience that may be suffered besides. I do not sec
the justice or the equity of it. Why more in the
case of the public body that digs down a street
than in the case of the individual who digs down
his foundation next to your lot? The man next
to you has aright to dig as deep a pit as lie pleases,
provided he keeps on his own lines. It may bo
an injury to your property; what of that? It is
his own property which he is using in his own
way, and you hold your property subject to that
contingency. The public does the same with its
roads.
ButtheSenatorfrom Mississippi says that there
is equity in this; that peoples' property is left
worthless. I do not see how that can be. Peo-
ple buy their property according to grades which
arc established, says the Senator. True, but
every man who knows a grade has already been
established, knows that the corporation always
has the power, or somebody over the corporation
has the right to give the power, to grade the streets
in accordance with the public convenience. The
grading of streets is not something, like the laws
of the Modes and Persians, so fixed that it can-
not be revoked and changed. Everyman holds
his property subject to the public convenience,
either as regards the changing of grades or the
way that the roads run. On principle it has been
thought that private property has been sufficiently
protected everywhere, both in the cities and. os
against the General Government, by providing that
you shall not take a man *s property for the pub-
lic use without paying him for it. The proposi-
tion now is to go a great deal further, and to carry
the principle far beyond anything that I have ever
heard of—not only that you shall not take his prop-
erty for public use without paying him, but that
you shall not use your own for the public conve-
nience without paying him if it happens to be an
injury to his particular property. On the same
ground you might say, in your country districts,
if a road went overa hill, that you could not wind
it around and carry it up in that way by the
county or whatever might be the local authority,
because the man who lived on the hill formerly
had a road going by his door, and now he is to
be paid if it is found to be a public convenience
to carry the road around the hill on a better grade.
All these things are contingencies to which men
are subject who own property.
This is a city m which the grades are still, in
my opinion, in a state of transition. I do not
