34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
36th Cong-....1st Sess.
The Duty of Parties—Mr. Davis.
Ho. oi? Reps.
element of power capable of resisting successfully
the further advance of abolitionism, in my judg-
ment, it is the duty of conservative men every-
where—come from whatever quarter of the Union
they may, called by whatever name—to come
forward, sustain us and aid us in the vindication of
the country against the wild and wicked schemes
of treason and revolution of the Republicans. 1
do not address myself to the Americans Qnly, but
to conservative men of all names. The prosper-
ity and safety of the Union demand that the wild
storm of fierce and angry passion now reveling
through the southern States, awakened into being
by the Harper's Ferry affair, and now to be aug-
mented into a hurricane by the intelligence that
sixty-three members upon this floor have signed
the insurrectionary recommendations contained
in the Helper book should be allayed, that some
evidence should be given which will enable the
South to sleep in quiet until the next presidential
election, which we have determined to regard as
decisive of the future. It is the duty of all, this
day, to declare unceasing and relentless war against
the designs of the Black Republicans, and thus
quiet existing agitation. Come, let us pledge our-
selves to maintain the Constitution's equality and
justice, which has held us together thus far. In
this there is nothing unmanly, nothing undigni-
fied, or anything worthy of censure. On the con-
trary, it is worthy of laudation.
I remember, when the allied armies of Europe
had driven Napoleon back to Pans from his bloody
fields of conquest in Germany, and caused him to
abdicate, and had banished him to Elba, and had
assembled in Vienna to reconstruct the nations
upon the continent, and had, in the performance
of this delicate duty, quarreled among themselves,
and were arraying their armies againstoach other
to make the decision with the sword, intelligence
reached them that Napoleon had escaped from his
banishment and was again France—discord was
hushed, and instantly all elements were united
against their common enemy. Cannot conserva-
tive men, although they may differ upon other
subjects, act with the wisdom and magnanimity
of the great nations of Europe ? Can tlicy not act
together until they shall put down the common
enemy of our great and glorious country—the en-
emy to equal rights and free institutions, and of
the Constitution of the Union? Come, gentlemen,
let us unite our shields over the heart of the Con-
stitution, and inscribe on our banner State rights
and strict construction of the Constitution, and
maintain it or perish together.
But gentlemen say they see no cause of alarm.
I would there were no cause. I think I shall show
hereafter great cause for apprehension; and that
prudence demands action—instant, decisive, and
effective.
Before I proceed further with my remarks, I
must «sk one question of this House and the
country. It is this: What is the cause of the
want of harmony between the northern and south-
ern States? Which section is responsible for this
discord? A more loyal people, I assert, to-day,
than the people of the South have always been,
never lived in any country. We have paid our
part of your taxes without complaint, without
murmunng. We have fought yourbattles in every
war, and with as much heroism and gallantry as
the people of the North. We have shown our-
selves always as ready to vindicate the rights of
the northern people when aggressed upon cither
land or sea, as they have done themselves, and on
many occasions we have stimulated them to duty.
There is not a single duty which a people owe to
their Government which we have not discharged
willingly, which we have not performed with
alacrity and fidelity. We have never demanded
of the Government a single right to which we were
not clearly entitled under the constitutional com-
pact with our fathers; and I challenge gentlemen
on the other side of this House to put their finger
upon a single demand we have ever made to which
we were not entitled, not only by the spirit but
the very letter of the Constitution. On the other
hand, I declare, that the Representatives of the
South have never by their votes withheld from
the North a single act of justice. Then, as wc
have been loyal to the Government, as we have
discharged every duty we owe the Government,
as we have denied nothing to the free States which
was theirs of right, as we have done you full jus-
tice in everything, as we have by our agricultural
industry contributed to lay the foundation of your
great national and commercial wealth, as we have
done all this, why is it that we this day have no
peace and are now compelled to look for safety
against your aggressions out of the Union ? But
you tell us we have no cause of complaint. I will
show otherwise: In March, 1858, William H.
SEWARDUttered, upon the floor of the United States
Senate, this language:
"The question of slavery in the Federal Territories,
which ate the musenes of future States, independent of its
moral and humane elements, involves a dynastical snuggle
of two antagoiustical systems, the labor of slaves and the
labor of freemen, for masteiy in the Fedeial Union."
Now, mark the proposition: It is that there
exist in the States which make our Federal Union
two distinct systems of labor in positive antag-
onism, resulting in an "irrepressible conflict"
which admits of 110 reconciliation or compromise
The one system is that of the southern States—
the other that of the free States. This is an im-
portant announcement, and, if true, must result
in the overthrow of one or the other, and that
after long-protracted and bloody war. I11 con-
nection with this assertion, the same gentleman,
at Rochester, in the course of the next summer,
declared that this antagonism could only end by
the emancipation of slavery in the southern States
or the introduction of slavery into the free States.
I shall not stop, Mr. Clerk, to discuss the correct-
ness of this position. It is enough for my purpose
that it is so regarded by the Black Republican
party in the non-slaveholding States, and that
they arc now acting upon it, and thereby forcing
us to assume the attitude of defense, and arc em-
bittering the fountain of peace and concord, and
forever alienating the affections of the people of
the two sections of the Union. It is nothing less
than a solemn declaration of war, and we must
prepare for it. Suppose, Mr. Clerk, we were to
receive in this House, to-day, a proclamation from
Great Britain, in yrhich it was stated that an an-
tagonism existed in the form and principles of
their Government and ours, and that both must
become despotic or both free, and that the antag-
onism eouhl not be arrested or compromised until
the one or the other was overthrown and subju-
gated. What, sir, do you think, would be our in-
dignation, and how would we act in such an
emergency? Millions would be appropriated for
defense, and the nation would resound with the
cry, To arms! Do you think, sir, that we of the
South are less sensitive to this threat made against
us, or less willing to defend the land of our nativ-
ity—our sunny valleys, in which sleep the,remains
of our fathers—than the whole nation would be
in the case I have supposed? If you do, I assure
you, sir, you are mistaken in the character of our
people, in their lofty patriotism, in their manly
courage, in their recklessness of death, in their
hatred of tyranny. We will resist. We are the
descendants of a revolutionary ancestry, who spiit
their blood like water, and spent their money
without regret, to strike off the shackles of Brit-
ish injustice and legislative tyranny; and we will
sacrifice our lives, burn our houses, and convert
our sunny South—now beautiful as a garden of
flowers, rich in soil, and yielding to agricultural
industry the abundance which has given to the
North and the world its present commercial and
national prosperity—into a wilderness waste. We
will do it, sir, at the hazard of bringing upon the
world bankruptcy andruin, famineand pestilence,
lamentation and mourning.
Mr. Clerk, it is declared that the labor systems
of the two sections of the Union are incompatible,
and that one or the other must go down. War
is declared against us. Sir, may 1 not ask national
and conservative men, whether Americans or anti-
•Lecomptonists, whether Whigs or philosophers,
to unite with us in the organization of this House
as one means of arresting this war of interest,
until the sober second thought of the people can
have time to recover and blot it out for ever. It
is time we were harmonizing. It is time we were
cooperating. It is time the constitutional and
national men of the nation were rallying under
our banner, given as it is to the whole coun-
try and dedicated to nationality Americans, I
appeal to you by the love you have for your fair
sunny South. You have no party organization
which is national. You can cooperate with no
party in the North outside of the Democratic or-
ganization. You see us struggle for existence—
an existence necessary to avert the destiny which
hangs over us. We ask you, to-day, to rally with
us and aid us in putting this rebellious organiza-
tion, whose advance columns have already pollu-
ted our soil with their tread of treason and shed
southern blood upon southern soil; we only
ask you to aid us in our efforts to avert from
the country the calamity of a Black Republican
Speaker of this House; retain your party names
if you will—your distinctive organization. This
is a fight involving the destiny of the world and the
future of mankind. When we have settled this
contest we can again divide and carry on our con-
test as to what is best to be done to promote the
general welfare and individual happiness of our
people. This will be the highest evidence of pa-
triotism and devotion to your country's good,
which you can give, and for it your constituents at
home will thank you, and the Democracy through-
out the Union will thank you,'and your wives
and children will thank you, and God will bless
you, and from millions of voices you will hear the
songs of rejoicing and praise.
Mr. Clerk, this interference with our rights is
in direct violation of the compact of our fathers,
and is positively in defiance of the very letter of
the Constitution. Our fathers, at the close of the
war of independence, found thirteen States here;
each was a perfect sovereignty, and possessed
unlimited powers of legislation, and were fully
adequate to the duty of passing all laws necessary
for her people—to make treaties, declare war,and
do everything appertaining to government. They
saw, however, the complication which would
arise from commercial intercourse with each other
and with foreign nations, and "they, therefore,
thought it better to create a General Government,
with jurisdiction over the subject of war, foreign
commerce, and inter-State intercourse. Its juris-
diction, therefore, embraces subjects strictly na-
tional, while all that appertains to individuality
falls within the jurisdiction of the State govern-
ments. But I have not time to elaborate this branch
of my subject", and I will pass on.
Mr. Clerk, many of the gentlemenwho recom-
mended the Helper book excuse themselves now
by the plea of ignorance. I wish to know whether
they will repudiate the hideous doctrines contained
in this speech of Seward's. That little, smallest
one of the Washburn family, from Maine, I
believe, uttered about the same language, last win-
ter, upon this floor. Mr. Seward says:
" Each one of the existing States has already staked not
only it5? internal welfare but its influence in the councils of
the nation on the decision of this contest. Each one has
already staked its internal harmony on the decision of the
question."
Here he announces that the internal harmony
of each of the States of the Union is staked on
the issue. What is the issue; nothing short of
the destruction of slavery within the limits of the
States. This is war waged against us in viola-
tion of the Constitution, and you of the Republican
party know it. Do you disavow this. It is more
offensive than the Helper book—you do not repu-
diate it, but indorse it. You have already carried
thatWir into our borders by invasion. You have
sent armed men into the State of Virginia, murder-
ing our people, advising our slaves to take arms
from you for the most despicable of all purposes,
the butchery of helpless women and innocent chil-
dren. For it I invoke the vengeance of Heaven
upon you. While the invasion was preparing
Seward made this announcement, and foretold
this invasion, and but nine months since sixty-
three of you indorsed and recommended the Helper
book as a means of encouraging John Brown in
his fiendish and murderous plots. You even go
so far as to $ay you will neither have political,
social, or religious intercourse with us. Are these
things not calculated to inflame the minds of a
gallant and high-soulcd people? Is there no cause
m all this for disunion, and the dissevering the
ties that bind these States together? If we were
to hold this chalice to your lips would you not
be excited? I question whether your cold philos-
ophy would not kindle to a flame, which would
consume yourselves if not us.
