1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. There
is a nomination which it is important should be
acted on.
Mr. GREEN. There is no quorum.
Mr. BRIGHT. 'There is a quorum in the
building.
Tjie motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 2, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Francis
Miller, praying compensation for services while
assistant keeper of the penitentiary of the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WIG-FALL presented the petition of Sarah
G. Bryant, widow of Charles G. Bryant, a quar-
termaster and commissary of subsistence to a
company of rangers called into service by the
Governor of Texas, praying a pension and ar-
rears of pay, which she alleges to be due; which
wos referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented papers in relation
to the claim of James Pool to compensation for
corn furnished the Seneca and Shawnee Indians;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the passage
of the homestead bill of the House of Represent-
atives; which were ordered to be laid on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. MASON. A few days ago I presented to
the Senate certain resolutions of the Legislature of
Virginia, concerning revolutionary claims of that
State against the United States, which, on my
motion, were laid on the table. I ask that they
be taken up now, with a view of having them re-
furied to the appropriate committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
VAVERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Oidered, That the letter of the Secrctaiy of the Interior,
iiu losing, in compliance with a tes-oluUmj of the ►?' nato,
papers iolatini? to tho application of Riohaid Firch for
bounty land, on the files of the Senate, be refened to the
Committee on Public LancK
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered. That the petition and pipers in the case of
Geneial John llobmson, on tne riies oi the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee onCiauns.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK*, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the widow of George C.
Clitherail, late asuigeon in the United States Army, piaving
an allowance in lieu of quarter, to which he was entitled,
on the fiie.s of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Military Aflairs and Militui.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
344) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
'An act to establish a criminal court in the District
of Columbia;'" which was read twice by its title,
and rcfoired to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
347) to declare the meaning of the act entitled
" An ad making further provisions for the satis-
faction of Virginia land warrants," passed Au-
gust 31, 1852; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
, REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was recommitted the petition of
Mrs. Mary B. Walbach, reported a bill (S. No.
345) for the relief of Mary B. Walbach, widow of
the late Brevet Brigadier General John De B. Wal-
! bach, of the United States Army; which was read,
| and passed to a second reading.
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred, the memorial of Mary Chase Bar-
ney, solo daughter and survivor of Samuel Chase,
of Maryland, one of the signers of the Declara-
tion of Independence, praying a pension, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged froijfc
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of George W. Bannm,
praying to be allowed an increase of pension, re-
ported adversely thereon.
_ Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Jo-
seph Pattee, a sergeant in the war of 1812, pray-
ing a pension, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 346) for the relref of Joseph Pat-
tee. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred thp petition of Catharine Wilkie,
daughter and only heir of Joseph Paine, praying
relief on account of the military services and suf-
feringsof her father dining the revolutionary war,
asked to be discharged from its further considei-
ation, and that it bo referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Adam Huter and
others, praying that bounty land may be allowed
to the heirs of the militia of the Indian wars and
of that of 1812, who, if living, would be entitled
to the same, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Jordan, praying
that his pension may commence from the date of
his discharge, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVER SON j from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was teferred n bill reported by (he Court
of Claims for the relief of Ann B Johnson, of Hen-
rico county,Virginia, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 348)
for the vc)K-fof Ann 13. Johnson, of Tlenueo coun-
ty, Virginia: winch was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the ^ame committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Elizabeth Kmg, of Virginia, with
the opinion of the court in favor of the claim, re-
ported the bilI.(>S. No. 349) for the relief of Eliza-
beth King, of Virginia, withoutamendment; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a b:il reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of LydiaCLxpp, of Washington coun-
ty, New York, with the opinion of the eourt m
, favor of tho chum, reported the bill (S. No. 350)
1 for the relief of Lj*d:a Clapp, of Washington
county, New York; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the samo committee, to whom was
referred a bill reported by the Coui t of Claims
for the relief of Hannah Menzjes, of Kentucky,
with the opinion of the court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 351) for the relief of
Hannah Monzics, of Kentucky; which was read,
awl passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims for
the relief of Nancy Ittig, of Herkimer county,
New York, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 352) for the
relief of Nancy Ittig, of Herkimer county, New
York; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Lie also,from the same committee,to whom was
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims for
the relief of Elizabeth Morgan, of Rensselaer
county, New York, with the opinion of the court
in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 353)
for the relief of Elizabeth Morgan, of Rensselaer
county, New York; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims for
the relief of Anna Hill, of Monroe county, New
York, with the opinion of the court in favor of
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 354) for the re-
lief of Anna Hill, of Monroe county, New York;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom wag
referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
forthereliefofSarahEaton, of Worcester county,
Massachusetts, with the opinion of t,he court in
favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 355)
for thereliefofSarah Eaton,of Worcester county,
Massachusetts; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Almira Reniff, of Pennsylvania,
with the opinion of the court in favor oftheclaim,
reported the bill (S. No. 35(j) for the relief of Al-
mira Reniff, of Pennsylvania; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Phebe Polly, of Otsego county,
New York, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 357) for
the relief of Phebe Polly, of Otsego county, New
York; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Jane Martin, of Harrison county,
Virginia, with the opinion of the court in favor of
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 358) for the
relief of Jane Martin, of Harrison county, Vir-
ginia; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
tie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Mary Pierce, of Cortlandt county,
New York, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 359) for the
relief of Mary Pierce, of Cortlandt county, New
York; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the reliefofTemperanceChildrcss,ofVirginia,
with the opinion of the court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 360) for the relief of Tem-
perance Childress, of Virginia; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Sarah Weed, of Albany county,
New York, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 361) for the
relief of Sarah Weed, of Albany county, New
York; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the, same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of S.irah Loomis, of New London
county, Connecticut, with the opinion of the court
m favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 362)
for the relief of Sarah Loomis, of New London
county, Connecticut; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Rebecca P. Nourse, of Kentucky,
with the opinion of the court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 363) for the relief of Re-
becca P. Nourse, of Kentucky; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Jane Smith, of Clermont county,
Ohio, with the opinion of the court in favor of
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 364) for the
relief of Jane Smith, of Clermont county, Ohio;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Dent, Van tine & Co., praying to be reimbursed
for supplies furnished certain Indian tribes in the
State of California, by direction of the United
States Indian commissioner, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Court of Claims; which was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of citizens
of West Point, Kentucky, praying that the pen-
sion now allowed to Franklin "W. Armstrong may
be increased, reported adversely, and asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Philetus Birch, pray-
