1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Duty of Parties—Mr. Davis.
Ho. off Reps.
But the struggle between these two systems "is
not to be arrested or reconciled by compromises
orotlierwise." "What,then, is tobeitsend? Com-
promises cannotterminate,norcan it" otherwise"
be ended save by the extermination of the one sys-
tem or the other. I confess,sir,tlnsthoughitisas
bold as it is impudent, as insulting as it is treason-
able, may be as true as the position is founded m
false philosophy. Well, sir, it is an announcement
we cannot misunderstand, and will not disregard.
We are arming to meet it. In this are we acting
improperly or unwisely? "Would the people of
the fice States not do the same thing under sim-
ilar circumstances ? We see and feel that unless
we now arrest this conflict, and extinguish the
fires of this relentless war declared against us, even
in blood if necessary, ere long wc will be com-
pelled to stand by, powerless to avenge, and look
upon the flame as it arises from our burning
homes, and witness the gleaming blade as it strikes
to the hearts, our wives and our children and
ourselves. We are excited upon this subject, and
justly so, and wc are arming for the worst.
But we are to have no more compromises; you
will grant us none. Thank God, there is nothing
left us which can be surrendered even to compro-
mise. We have already yielded you everything
which compromise can reach, and that you know.
We have yielded that for which your early strug-
gles were-—the balance of power; and therefore it
is you now use the language of defiance toward
us, and tell us you intend our overthrow. There
are two things which have never been yielded—
our homes and our honor; and these things we
will never yield. You may, by the brute force
of numbers, rob us of our homes, but our honor
will be vindicated by the title we give you written
in our blood. Sir, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] on the day before yester-
day, had the insolence to insinuate that the South
had surrendered her honor in the compromises
already made. For the sake of peace we have
surrendered many of our political rights; but we
will surrender no more. We will not be driven
one inch beyond where we now stand; we will be
butchered first, and only invite those who have
raised the storm to lead its maddened columns,
that we may encounter them in tf?e death-grasp,
and catch the first wail of their damned spirits as
they enter the regions of wo. But, Mr Clerk,
I will proceed with the examination of this speech
of William H. Seward, because it is the plat-
form of the Republican party. It was so an-
nounced last winter upon tins lloor, by Mr. Gid-
dings,in his valedictoiy, with the concurrence of
the whole Republican party. He advised his
friends to present Seward and Ins platform m
18G0. He admitted they might be defeated in
that contest, but gave it as liis opinion that it
would be their last defeat. He told them to pre-
sent the naked question of emancipation of our
slaves, and I heard no dissenting voice. The
advice did receive an approving sanction.
"Does this fact mean nothing? AH parties in this coun-
try that have toleiutod the extension ot blavcry, except one,
have perished for that eiror already. That lust one—the
Demoeiatic paity—is hut lying on, nretrievably, toward the
same late."
Does this language mean nothing? Do gentle-
men on the other side of the House indorse it r
They certainly have not repudiated it. You have
already arrested the extension of slavery. Sew-
ard says:
"All paitics in this countiy that have tolerated the ex-
tension ot slavery, except one, have perished lor that error
already."
Does not this language declare there is but one
issue before the American people, and upon that
issue the election for President, in 1860, is to be
put? And does that issue not embrace both the
extension and existence of slavery ? He says so;
and no man of the party has taken issue with him
upon it. Who are the parties to it? Seward says
it is the Democratic party on the one side, and the
Black Republican on the other; and that'thc Dem-
ocratic party must be hurried on to its ruin. Ad-
ministration after Administration, wc are triumph-
antly told, has fallen beneath the ficrce war of the
Abolitionists; and they tell us the only party now
national is the Democratic party, and it is that
which arrests them in their march to conquest and
victory and that it must and shall be destroyed.
These announcements have, and are, extinguish-
ing in the southern heart all sympathy with the
great mass of the northern population, and are sub-
stituting seeds which must produce fruits of bitter
revenge. I, to-day, have more affection for an
Englishman than 1 have for a Black Republican.
The latter I regard as wishing to oppress me and
curse me with injustice and wrong, while the
former engages with me in honest and just com-
mercial intercourse. Do you believe, gentlemen,
that a people between whom there exists a feeling
amounting almost to hatred can long live at peace ?
"All Administrations which have avowed this policy
have gone down dishonored foi that cause, except the pies-
ent one."5
The honorable member from Tennessee [Mr.
Nelson] eulogized Mr. Fillmore for having done
much for southern rights and southern institutions.
Admit it; but has he, too, not fallen for that very
cause ? Fallen because he dare do his duty to
his oath and the Constitution of his country? Now,
sir, the member from Tennessee and his party
have an opportunity to avenge the fall of their
hero, and do good service to their country by
striking—and in our ranks, and with us—the mon-
ster fiend abolitionism. Will they do it? or will
they stand indifferent spectators in the battle with
the Democracy, and see us fall, and then render
quietly the dominion of the country to the usur-
per? Ay, sir, the same arch traitor tells us that—
" A pit deeper and darker still is opening to leeeive this
Administration, because it sins more deeply than its pic-
deeessois."
The sin of President Buchanan, for which he is
to be immolated to the black god of abolitionism
is, lie has too faithfully discharged his duty to the
South. Are we, then, to stand by and sec; our con-
stitutional friends of the North, lending us ahclping
hand in the hour of danger, trampled in the dust?
We ought not. Are we to allow them to be defeated
by Seward and his revolutionary followers? We
should not. I have said revolutionary followers.
I have said it not idly. I have the proofs for the
charge—proofs which will show Seward must
have known of John Brown's intention to invade
Virginia, for which invasion John Brown has met
the gallows, and for which knowledge Seward
deserves it. [Applause.]
"There is a meaning in all these facts, which it becomes
us to study well. The nation has advanced anotherstage;
it has leached the point whcie intervention by the Gov-
ernment for slavery and slave States will no longer be
toleiated."
What is that stage to which the Union has ad-
vanced? It is this: at the time of the formation of
the Government there were twelve slave States
and but one free State, and we retained the major-
ity until within a few years past; now there are
seventeen free States, and only fifteen slave, so
the balance of power has passed from the slave
to the free States. In this condition of things, we
are informed that the free States are organizing to
seize the Government as the representative of
their system of labor, and it is to be used by them
as the instrument for the destruction of our sys-
tem, and while m their possession, will no longer
be allowed to intervene for the protection of sla-
very oi the slave States. Our property is to bo
left exposed to the invasion of the robber and the
lawless: and even if tlv slave shall rebt 1 against
his master, we are not to expect any support
from the Government. I have always understood
that the object and purpose of government was
protection of property, and when the protection
of property ceased, the citizen was released from
his allegiance to that government, and with this
recognition of the duties of government, we of
the slave States would now be satisfied; but we
are told that we shall not have pioteclion, and
that we shall still observe allegiance. This will
convcrt the Government into a despotism of the
most detestable character, and will cause us to
resist.
But again, we arc informed that the State itself
shall not be protected in its sovereignty. Now,
Mr. Clerk, this Government is the Government
of the slave States as much so as that of the free.
It was made by a compact between the slave and
free States, and I must ask gentlemen of the oppo-
sition what right they have to seize it to our exclu-
sion, and whether the act will not be a revolution
and constitute those engaged in it rebels. This
announcement is a declaration to the nations of
the whole earth that they may invade us in our
sovereignty and our property with impunity.
John Brown, and a thousand other John Browns,
may invade us and the Government will remain
neutral—there will be no Army, no Navy, sent to
resist any invasion; but we arc to be left to the
tender mercies of our enemies Yet we are told
we have no right to complain; that we have no
right to suppose we will not be protected in our
property, and should submit peaceably to the Gov-
ernment passing into the hands of the Black Re-
publicans. We may do it, but I do not believe
we will. Ought we not, then, in frankness to tell
our northern compatriots that, if we are not to be
protected in the Union, we will protect ourselves
out of it, even at the hazard of deluging this vast
country in a sea of blood? Seward says:
" Free labor has at last apprehended its lights, its interest,
its power, and its destiny, and is organizing itself to assume
the Government of the Republic."
So we are informed there is a conflict between
the system of labor in the free and slave States,
and free labor is organizing to take possession of
the Government, and when this event happens,
you inform us we shall neither be protected in our
civil or political rights. You even go so far in
your meanness as to tell us you intend, by the
power of the Government, to force us to submit
to your tyranny, despotism, oppression, robber-
ies, and wrongs. That is the announcement you
make to us. If you want this Government, and
wish to get rid of us, say so, and I will take you
by the hand on that [applause in the galleries]
and bid you a joyful adieu, and will promise to
let you alone, but you must let us alone. We hare
always let you alone in the Union, and you must
let us alone; in other words, while we arc together
let us stand by the contract of our forefathers—
men a great deal better, perhaps, than those occu-
pying seats on either side of tnis House.
Again, Seward says:
" We will henceforth meet you boldly and resolutely here
on the floor of the Senate, in theTeiritonesor out ot them,
wherever you may go to extend slavery. It has driven you
back m California and in Kansas; it will invade you soon
in Delaware, Maiyland, Virginia, Missouri, and Texas."
Ah! "it will invade you soon in Maryland
and Virginia." And, as foretold, Virginia has
been invaded; invaded with pikes, with lances,
with rifles; yes, with Sharpe's rifles. Your mur-
derers have already come within the limits of our
States, as announced by the traitor Seward, in
the speech from which I have taken this extract.
Did he know of Brown's intention to make this
invasion at the time the speech was made, and
was it Brown's invasion to which he had refer-
ence ? Forbes says so; certain it is, the invasion
was then concocted. We have been invaded, and
the facts of it show Seward to be a traitor and
deserving the gallows. [Applause in the galleries.]
Brown had organized his invasion at the time, and
the constitution had been formed when the speech
was made. Forbes was in the city of Washing-
ton then, and says he had a conversation with
Seward in regard to tne invasion. This testi-
mony is sustained by that of Cook. Seward him-
self admits a conversation with Forbes about that
time, and that he wanted money for an object
which he refuses to disclose. It is due to justice
that I should state that Seward denies that Forbes
communicated to him the fact of the intended in-
vasion; but, m my judgment, the weight of evi-
dence is against him and in favor of Forbes. I
believe Forbes. The word invasion has its own
meaning. Brown had organized an invasion of
Virginia, and Seward said Virginia would soon
be invaded. He cannot escape complicity m the
affair
Are these facts not startling, and should they
not awaken apprehension in the mind of south-
ern people ? Is it not time we were arming for our
defense ? We are arming, and who will condemn
11S?
Seward said " the invasion will be not merely
harmless but beneficent, if we yield reasonably to
its moderate and just demands." What invasion
does he refer to, unless it is Brown's invasion?
This language is exactly the same used by John
Brown, who said, if Virginia had allowed him
to take her negroes off peaceably, and without
making any fuss about it, he would not have killed
anybody. [Laughter.] Brown said he did not
mean to kill anybody. Seward said the invasion
would be harmless and beneficent to us, if we
