2122
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
WILLIAM MEDILL.
Mr. GREEN. I move to, take up the joint
resolution in relation to the First Comptroller of
the Treasury. 1 propose to accept the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin.] 1 ask that it may be taken upmereiy
for the.purpose of reference, not at all to impugn
the motives of anybody. I merely desire to have
it referred to a select committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 22) concerning the First Comptroller of
the Treasury, William Medill.
. Mr. GREEN. I now accept the amendment
offered by the Senator from Louisiana, and pro-
■ pose that it be referred to a select committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment heie which the Secretary will read.
Mr. GREEN. I accept the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps it is not
the same amendment that the Senator refers to.
The Secretary read the amendment intended to
be proposed by Mr. Fitcii, to strike out the pre-
amble and all after the word "resolved," in the
enacting clause, and insert the following:
That in the opinion of the Senate, H is the duty of tile
Fitt-t Comptroller of the Treasury to carry out the law of
August 18, 1856, relative to a settlement with Carmick &.
Ramsay.
Mr. GREEN. That amendment has not been
offered. He only proposed to offer it, and he now
withdraws it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
please state the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana ?
Mr. GREEN. It was a mere resolution of
inquiry, instead of my resolution; and I think it
will be more acceptable, because it does not affect
anybody.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
informs the Chair that such a resolution has not
appeared at the desk here.
Mr. 1VERSON. 1 hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will lay it aside for the present.
Mr. GREEN. I will waive it for th* present
until the Senator from Louisiana comes in. Ho
is not now in the Chamber.
HOUSE BILLS KEF-ERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 70) granting a pension to John
Jackson, an invalid soldier—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 524) for the relief of J. R. Crump—
to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 527) for the relief of Julius Martin—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
A bill (No. 528) for the relief of Boda Hayes,
widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby, Hartford
county, Connecticut—to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 529) granting a pension to Martha
Sanderson, widow to Major Winslow F. San-
derson—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 530) granting a pension to Jane
Yates—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 531) granting an invalid pension to
James C. Myers—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 532) granting a pension to Richard
M. Hadun—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 533) granting a pension to Adriene
Rich, of Habersnam county, Georgia—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 534) granting a pension to John P.
Smith, of Habersham county, Georgia—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 542) for the relief of Effisia C. De
May, widow of Charles F. V. Do May, late a dia-
goon in the Army of the United States—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 544) granting a pension to Rufus
Call, jr., a soldier in the late war with Great
Britain—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 545) granting a pension to Gregory
Patti—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 549) for-the relief of the heirs of
Mary Bullock—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 578) for the relief of William
Strong—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A b"ill (No. 587) for the relief of Anton L. C.
Portman—to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
A bill (No. 446) for the relief of Eiastus Hutch-
ins—to the Committee on Pensions.
RICHARD C. MARTIN.
The bill (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of Rich-
ard C. Martin, was read twice by its title.
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to pass that bill now. It is approved
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. It is
simply to pay a deficiency which accrued in the
accounts of the Indian agent in California—that
is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It requires unanimous consent.
Does the Senator from Missouri ask unanimous
consent to consider the bill now ?
Mr. GREEN. I ask that it be passed.
Mr. MASON. I object. Let it go to the com-
mittee.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the bill be put upon
its passage now.
"Mr. MASON. I will say to the Senator, that
if one objection stops it, 1 make it. 1 know noth-
ing about it; but lot it go to the committee.
Mr. GREEN. But one objection does not stop
it. A majority can dispose of it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been read twice, it requires unanimous con-
sent to be read a third time, to-day.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; let it go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
WILLIAM II. DE UROOT.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the joint res-
olution (H. R. No 17) for the relief of William
H. De Groot.
Mr. SUDELL. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affaire [Mr. Davis] is not in
his seat, and 1 think he is in possession of in-
formation on the subject of this joint resolution
which he desires to communicate to the Senate.
It is a measure which unquestionably cannot pass
without considerable debate, and I hope it will
not be taken up.
Mr. LANE. I have nothing to say. If objec-
tion be made, I suppose it will have to go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order, and will be put to the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I know the Senator from Mis-
sisippi desires to be present when it is taken up.
Mr. LANE. If there is objection, I shall not
press ils passage this morning, though I am satis-
fied of the justice of it. 1 withdraw the motion.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
•Mr. GW1N. The Senate telegraph bill has
been returned from the House of Representatives
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
I should like to have it taken up. I want to make
a motion that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House, and ask for a conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by electric
telegraph.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate disagree
with the House amendment, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator from California that the
latter part of his motion is not usual. It will be
for the House to recede, or insist and ask for a
conference. The Senate will merely agree or dis-
agree. That is the usual custom.
Mr. GWIN. Very well, sir.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sug-
gests it to the Senate; but he will put the whole
motion, if the Senator desires it.
Mr. GWIN. Suppose we merely disagree,
what then ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It goes back to the
House, and they will recede, or insist and ask
for a conference. Docs the Senator desire the
whole of his motion to be put to the Senate?
Mr. GWIN. I do not. I move merely that
we disagree to the House amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to give me
an opportunity to record my vote against the mo-
tion of the Senator from California. I am in fa-
vor of the proposition of the House. The House
of Representatives have changed the Senate bill so
as to reduce the bonus that is to be paid to this
telegraph company from $50,000 to §40,000, and
to luducc the amount to be paid for each tele-
graphic dispatch from four dollars to three dol-
lars; and fiave furnished an opportunity to all
the world to come in and compete for this con-
tract, instead of confining it to a close corpora-
tion. They have allowed an opportunity to
everybody to come in and compete for it, as in
the case of our post routes. I want to record my
vote in favor of the House proposition, and
against that of the Senate; and I, therefore, ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senater will wait a mo-
ment, I think there will be no difficulty in the
matter. I made the motion under the belief that
I could ask for a committee of conference. I do
not object to the amendments that the Senator is
in favor of. I should .not object to any amend-
ments of the House to such an extent as to ask
for a committee of conference, if it had not been
requested by those members of the House who
have control of the bill. My principal objection
relates to the wording as to the commencement
of the line on this side. If it is intended to leave
competition for two lines, instead of naming the
western boundary of Missouri it ought to have
said, "the southern or southwestern portion."
That is the principal point in which I differ from
the amendment of the House. Now, however,
I would rather withdraw my motion, and move
that the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House, so that the bill shall pass.
Mr. GRIMES. That is what I want.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Iowa wants
the Senate to recede.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. I move that the
Senate concur m the amendment of the House.
Mr. GREEN. I move to amend the House
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
had better be read.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has never been
read in the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded t'oread the amendment
of the House; which is to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert as a substi-
tute therefor:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction
of the 1'iesident of the United Stale*, is hereby autlionzed
and directed to advertise tor sealed proposals, to he received
for sixty days after tlic passage ot this act, (and the fulfill-
ment ot which shall be guaiantiod by responsible parties,
as in the case of bids for mail contracts,) tor the use by the
Government of a line or lines of magnetic telegraph, to be
constructed vrithin nvo years from the 31st day of July,
1860. from some point or points on the west line of the State
of Missouri, by any route or routes which the said con-
tractors may select, (connecting at such point or points by
telegraph with tke cities ot YVashington, New Orleans,
New York, Charleston, Philadelphia, Boston, and other
cities in the Atlantic, southern, and western States,) to the
city of San Fiancisco, in the State of California, for a pe-
riod often yeats,and shall awaid the contract to the low-
est responsible bidder or bidders : Provided, Such proffer
does not require a larger amount per year from the United
States than $40,000; and permission is heieby granted to
the said parties to whom suid contract may be awuided, or
a majoiity of them, and their assigns, to use, until the end
of the said term, such unoccupied public lands of the Uni-
ted States as may be necessaiy for the right of way and lor
the puipo.-e of establishing stations (or repairs along said
line, not exceeding at any station one quarter section of
land, such stations not to exceed one in fifteen miles on an
average of the whole distance, unless said lands shall be
requited by the Government of the United States for rail-
road or other purposes, and ptovided that no right to pre-
empt any of said lands under the laws of the United States
shall muie to said company, their agents or setvanis, or to
any other person or persons whatsoever: Provided, That
no such contract shall be made until the said line shall be
in actual operation, and payments thereunder shall cease
whenever tne contraetois fail to comply with their eon-
tract; that the Government shall, at all times, be entitled
to pnority in the u*e of the line or lines, and shall have the
privilege, when authouzed by law, of connecting said line
or linos by telegraph with any military posts of the United
State?, and to use the same for Government purposes:
•Andprovided also. That said line or lines, except such as
may be eonstuicted by the Government to connect said
line or lines witlkthe military posts of the United State's,
shall be open to the use of ail citizens of the United States
during the term of the said contract, on payment of the
tegular chaiges for transmission of dispatches: •And pro-
vided also, That such charges shall not exceed tlnee dol-
lars for a single dispatch of ten woids, with the usual pio-
poitioitate deductions upon dispatches of greater length:
Provided, Thatnothingherein contained shall confcrupon
the said parties any exclusive righttocortstructatelegiaph
to the Pacific, or debar the Government of the United States
trom granting, from time to time, similar franchises and
piivileges to othei parties.
Sec. 2. •AntI be it further enacted, That the said contract-
ors, or their assigns, shall iiave the right to construct and
maintain, thiough any of the Territories of the United
States, a btanoh line, vo as to connect their said line or
lines with Oiegon; and that they shall have the permanent
right ot way tor said line or lines under, or ovei, any un-
appropriated public lands and waters in the said Teirito-
