1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479=
herself from the right of making grants. But the
Wequity of the case is apparent to every one, that
the inhabitants living there could not tell anything
about the existence of a secret treaty between the
two Governments. When Spain took possession
of the country she respected these titles; but when
these titles have been examined by our Land Of-
fice here, the land officers declared to the parties,
"Your titles are not good; they emanated from
French officers after the date of this secret treaty,
but before the treaty was divulged." This bill
provides for that class of claims; that the titles of
inhabitants shall not bo confiscated upon the
ground that their titles emanated from the officers
of a foreign Government, who were in actual pos-
session of the country, although the sovereignty
de jure might have been in somebody else.
l\lr. POLK. X will state, in addition to what
the Senator from Louisiana has stated, that in all
upper Louisiana there was no officer authorized
to grant'lands. The intendants up there gave con-
cessions, as they were called, or permits to settle',
upon which the surveyor of the district put the
party in possession and gave him a plat; and 011
his applying then to the intendant general at New
Orleans,"he could get title in form. The conse-
quence was, that there were very few perfect titles
m upper Louisiana, which was far from New Or-
leans; it required months to communicate between
St. Louis, for instance, which was one of the
fuithest upper settlements, and the city of New
Oileans. There were ill the State of Missouri but
five perfect grants, I believe—not more than five
111 the whole State; though there were immense
concessions of lnml, and there were very consid-
erable villages and a considerable population. The
consequence was, that all these claims to land had
■ to be confirmed by the United States. There were
two boards of commissioners, and several other
confirming authorities. The last board, which
was created by the act of 1832, I think, had a lim-
itation, as lliey all had indeed, and as this has,
wiilnn which only these commissioners should
exercise their authority. "When the time limited
by that last act expired, there were several hun-
dred claims for confirmation that had been filed
before, though they had not been reached at all;
and they have never been adjudicated. There are
persons in the State of Missouri who (and their
ancestors) have been living on land ever since be-
fore the acquisition ofthe Territory, and yet have
got no title; and as the Senator from Louisiana
lias said, they are constantly coming up here ask-
ing Congress to confirm their titles. This is in-
tended to provide an act which shall accomplish
that by general legislation which we are doing
very imperfectly, and with great injustice to the
claimants, by special legislation.
Mr. COLLAMER. fwish to make an inquiry
of gentlemen who are informed better on this sub-
ject. At one period, I believe, and before one of
the courts that were authorized somewhere over
the Mississippi to examine these land-titles, there
was a large body of claims presented, and some
were passed upon and sent to this Government,
the fraud of which was afterwards detected and
exposed. Fabricated deeds were used. 1 wish to
know whetherthis will revise and produce a new
examination of all those cases.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is an express pro-
vision of the bill to exclude them. I will call the
Senator's attention to itat the end of section three:
Provided, That in no ease siiaii -nc!i coining Lionels em-
biace in said classes, No. 1 and No. 2—
These arc the classes that are to be confirmed—
any claim which ha- been hcrctofoio presented for con-
firmation before any board of commissioners, or other pub-
lic officers acting under authontyof Congress, and rejected
as being fraudulent, or proeuted 01 maintained by iraudu-
ient or improper l^eans.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. 1 believe that of the claims
to which I alluded a large portion of them were
allowed by the court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proviso continues:
Nor shall any sneli claim be leccived or eoiissderccl by
the commissioners wlncti lias been already twice 1 ejected
on the ments by previous board?.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator from
Vermont that if the claims alluded to have been
allowed by the court, they have already been
passed on and the titles perfected.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; a large portion that
passed the court were rejected here 011 account of
causes subsequently discovered, under a special
act.
Mr. POLK. This bill requires that the parties
who are to act in the different districts in the
States are to report to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the Commissioner of-
the General Land Office examines their report,
and he reports to Congress. Thus we have the
supervision of the General Land Department here
on the claims before they come up for confirma-
tion before Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to be pretty well
guarded. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are they to be finally
acted 011 only by Congress ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The final action is reserved
for Congress, with one exception, and that is a
class of cases where people have been in posses-
sion and cultivation more than twenty years and
produce a written title, and that title is held good
by the local commissioners; and then, 011 appeal,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office also
finds it a good title. Then, if they have been in
possession and cultivation twenty years, he is to
give a patent. That is the only class that is not
to come to Congress.
Mr. POLK. I would like to add two formal
amendments to the sixth section, that were sug-
gested to me by the surveyor general of Illinois
and Missouri. The first one is to come in 011 the
tenth line, after the word " and," in this proviso:
That said entry be made only on lands subject to private
cntiy at $1 per acie, and 111 Itifjal divisions and subdivis-
ions, according to t'le surveys made hythelJmted Stales.
I wish to add after the word " and,"the words
" as far as may bo possible." There may be, for
instance, a fraction larger than a Government
subdivision. After exhausting, according to the
United States surveys, there may be a "fraction
over, which will lie smaller than a quarter of a
quarter section; and it is intended to allow scrip
for that excess.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I wish also to add ail amendment
to that section, by inserting after the word " con-
firmation," in the fifth line, the words " or where
the surveyor general of lhcf district snail asceitain
that the same cannot be surveyed and located."
The necessity of that grows out of the fact
that some of the concessions have been so made
that when you come actually to survey them you :
cannot make a location of them 011 the ground
that would be satisfactory, or would conform
properly to the former surveys. I know one in-
stance particularly when there was injustice done
111 that way. There was a call for a natural ob-
ject, but the original concession was indefinite.
The object was a noted spring, but the surveyor
general did not know whether to put that spring
in the center of the land, as described m the rest
of the call, or at a corner, or where, and the loca-
tion could not be satisfactorily made. It is in-
tended, where that is the case, and the confirma-
tion is hail, that the party shall have what is called
a "float," and shall locate it on other grounds
not sold by the United States to persons who
have entered the land at £1 25 an acre. I will
state that these amendments weie suggested to me
by the surveyor general of Illinois and Missouri,
who is familiar with this subject, and whose opin-
ion 1 think is entitled to great weight.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I observe the conjunction
"and" instead of " or," in one section, which
may make a difficulty about construction. I move,
111 section eleven, line fifteen, to strike cut the
word " and," and insert " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. This bill opens, as I understand
it, a new class of claims. It authorizes the confirm-
ation of grants the validity of which has been de-
nied heretofore. It proposes to confirm grants
which may be claimed to have been made by
France after the territoiy wtis cedi d to Spain, and
duinig the peiiod that the treaty 01" cession was
m their cabinets and unpublished. I am opposed j
to opening those grants. If there were equity
and justice in any case of that sort, I think it
wouid be better to let such a case come here to
Congress and be thoroughly investigated. I am
not willing to sanction or vote for a bill that will
authorize a commission to pass upon such claims,
and to determine the title and carry away tin1 land.
It seems to me we should some time or oilier have
an end to these claims, and fifty years is a very
great length of time to allow them to come in.
There is no possibility now of ascertaining and
knowing all the facts about one of these old claims.
The papers are made up and proofs procured ex
parte, and nobody knows anything about the facts.
You cannot go back to rebut the allegations of the
claimants. It is an invitation, it seems to me, to
fabricated claims, and for that reason I am op-
posed to the passage of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from New
York will reflect an instant, he will re"member
that these claims come to us now. You cannot
prevent their coming here. The object is to have
them examined by the land officers of the Gov-
ernment before they come here, so that if the
Government has' objections, those objections
may be reported to us. They are to come here
once a year with a report from the Commissioner
of the General Laud Office.
Mr. KING. If none of these claims are to be
finally passed upon until they shall be acted upon
by Congress, the objection would not apply.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is so, with the soli-
tary exception I just stated. There is one class
011 which the Commissioner is to make 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana will pause. The Chair must call up
the special order at this time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will tlicn ask the permis-
sion of the Senate to go on for a few moments. I
think there will be no difficulty in disposing of the
bill in a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
unanimous consent to lay aside the special order
informally, and to proceed with this bill. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But one class, I will state
to the Senator from New York, is not to come to
us, and I will read it, and if he prefers, that may
come, too; but I do-not see any necessity for its
coming here. The bill provides:
No. 1 shall contain all claims which in their opinion
ought to bo <^nfhmcd—
That is, in the opinion of the local board, and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
also—
whcie tiio lands claimed have been in possession find culti-
vation by t!v puvate claimants, or those under whom they
detnr title, to; a pmod oi at loan twenty years preceding
the date ot lilm<r the claim, by viitue of some grant, conces-
sion, or ordei 01 >ui vev, pei mist-ion to settle, or other written
evidence oi title emanating lionit-onic fotei-jn Government
which held oi claimed sovereignty or juusdiction over the
tcn:tory m winch the laiuW clauncd arc situated, and where
the title emanating fioin such foreign Government bears
date antenor to the cession of &aid tenitoiy to the United
States.
In that class of claims the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is allowed to issue a patent
where the parties have been in possession and cul-
tivation more than twenty years under a written
title. If the gentleman prefers, we will have them
brought to Congress also.
Mr. KING. If the Senator will waive that, I
have 110 objection. If they are all allowed to come
to Congress for final adjudication, I shall not ob-
ject to the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well. Even that con-
firmation is confined to one square league by the
fourth section, which provides:
That wherever the Commi^iwner of th<rGen"r<il Land
Otlico shall approve the repoit ot the satdeommisvionei-s m
cases cmbiaeed m said ela^s No. 1, such approval shall be
final, and patents of relinquishment theietor t-haSl is-me in
f.ivoi ot*the claimant: Proudc-I, houcvcr, That s-uch claim
shall not he so finally approved and patented lor a quantity
exceeding one square league.
Now, if a man has been in possession and cul-
tivation of land more than twenty years, under a
written title emanating from the Government, and
beating dntc beforethecossion oftheUnitcd States,
and then your local land officers approve it, and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office here
appioves it, I ask the gentleman what better guard
than all that he wants against making it public
laud ?
Mr. KING. I accept the proposition of the
Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator moves the
amendment, I shall not oppose it.
Air. KING. I shall move to insert, in some
proper place in the bill, that no title shall he de-
finitely settled or grant actually made except upon
the action of Congress. I have not the bill before
me; nnd 1 would psk the Senator to make that pro-
vision. The exception I noted was one square
