1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
territory any article of property which the Constitution of
the United States recognizes as property. Tlie Constitu-
tion of the United States lecogmzcs slaves as property, and
pledges the Fedeial Government to protect it. And Con-
gress cannot exeicise any more authority over property of
that description, than it may constitutionally exeicise over
property of any other kmd.
" The act of Congress, therefore, prohibiting a citizen of
the United States from takingwith him his slaves when he
removes to the territory in question to reside, is an exer-
cise of authority over private property which is not war-
ranted by the Constitution."
These are the words of the highest tribunal of
the land. That is the law by which I am willing
to stand. There are enunciated the principles for
which the South has contended from the year 1820
down to this day; the principles which I have
enunciated, that the territories of the United
States, whether bought by the common treasure
or won by the sword or by common effort, are
open to all the people of the United States, with all
their property of every kind that is recognized as
property by the Constitution of the United States;
that the Constitution of the United States recog-
nizes slaves as property; that a citizen has a right
to go into any Territory with lfis property; that he
enters it with the rights of a citizen; that when he
enters it with a slave, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States goes with him and protects him in the
enjoyment of that property, until the people of the
Territory come to perform their first act of sover-
eignty—the formation of o constitution prepara-
tory to admission into the Union
Let me read a little further, to show that they
have decided the other question precisely as it has
been contended for by the people of the South,
from the foundation of the Government to this
hour:
" During the time it remains a Tcnitoiy, Congress may
legislate over it within the scope of its constitutional powets
insolation to citizens of the United States, and may estab-
lish a territorial government; and the form of tin-* lo^il
government must he regulated by the discietion of Congress,
but with powers not exceeding tllo,-,e wlucli Congress itself,
by the Constitution, is authorized to exercise over citizen?
of the United States m respect to their rights of persons oi
lights of propejty.''
This annunciation is made by the Supreme
Court of the United States. After they had gone
on and asserted that the property of a citizen was
entitled to protection in any Territory of the Uni-
ted States by the Constitution of the United States;
that the Constitution protected private property;
that slaves were property: that the Constitution
went.with this property into the Territories; and,
when a citizen went into a Territory with his
slave, that Constitution protected and defended it;
after they had decided that, they went on to say
that, the Congress of the United States had no
oower to exclude a citizen with his slaves from a
Territory; and that a Territorial Legislature had
no power over a citizen to exclude him with his
property. But more of that as we proceed.
Thus it will be seen that all the propositions I
have stated are decided in that case, and that all
the principles of our Constitution in reference to
the inviolability of private property apply to
slaves. Mr. Clerk, I go further than this: I main-
tain that it is a fundamental principle established
in the bill of rights, "that governments are insti-
tuted for the protection of life, liberty, and prop-
erty." But for this, we should have no use for
government at all. That it is the legitimate duty
of government, in all necessary and proper ways,
to protect the citizen in the use, integrity, and en-
joyment of his estate. And our Government is
especially forbidden, in our Constitution, to inter-
fere with private property, except for public use,
and then not without adequate compensation; and
it follows, as a necessary logical sequence, that
our C4overnmcnt has not the right to destroy or in-
terfere with slavery in the Territories, and that the
only power which Congress possesses o ver slavery
in the Territories " is the power coupled with the
duty of guarding and protecting the owner in Ins
rights." This is plainly the decision of the Su-
oierne Court. About that decision, and what is
clccided, men differ, just as lawyers differ m courts
about decisions. I understand that all Democrats
agree to stand by the decision. That is all that 1
demand. I do not ask more; but stand up to the
decision, and stand by the law of the land. 1 am
satisfied that we of the South are in the right; and
to the law, and by the law, we are willing to stand
unfalteringly. ' _
Mr. Clerk, I was very much pained to listen to
a speech made in this Hall a few days since by
the. honorable gentleman from Illinois, in which
he undertook, and I think most signally failed, to
attack the foregoing propositions; and 1 should be
content to allow his argument to go to the country
without further reply from me, believing fully in
the propriety of the remark made by Mr. Jeffer-
son, " that error of opinion may bo tolerated as
long as reason is left free to combat it." But,
sir, on that occasion the honorable gentleman
attacked the message of the President of the United
States. This attack was made upon that part of
the message that asserts the power and duty of
Congress to protect the rights of the owners of
slaves in the Territories of the United States; and,
in effect, the honorable gentleman _ charged the
President with treachery to his friends and to
principle, and that his (the President's) whole
life was one of treachery to friends and to princi-
ple. Now, sir, this is a sweeping denunciation;
but I was not a little astonished that the gentle-
man should have embraced the whole life of the
President, for I suppose the honorable gentleman
from Illinois supported Mr. Buchanan for Presi-
dent in 1856; and one of two things is surely true:
cither that Mr. Buchanan had not previous to
that time been guilty of treachery to cither friends
or principle, or the honorable gentleman had not
then discovered it; for he certainly would not have
lent himself to the elevation of any one to the
highest office in the world—the Chief Magistracy
of this great Republic—who had been guilty of
treachery either to friends or principle.
The only specification made by the honorable
gentleman js, that the President, in his letter of ac-
ceptance, when nominated, in 1856,announced the
principle that the people of a Territory, like those
of a State, shall decide for themselves whether
slavery shall or shall not exist within their limits,
and the honorable member ascribes to Mr. Buch-
anan the opinion, at present, that the people of a
Territory, through their Territorial Legislature,
cannot, by action or non-action or by unfriendly
legislation, prohibit slavery in the Territories or
drive it nut. I maintain, and will try to prove,
that there is no inconsistency in the two proposi-
tions,and that the President is right in both. We
say, sir, with the President, that the people of a
Territory, like those of a State, shall decide for
themselves whether or not slavery shall exist
within their limits; but howand when shall they
decide for themselves ^ Who ever heard of apeoplc
acting through the Legislature.5 How do the peo-
ple act? Why, sir, through a convention. When
have the people the right to act in convention?
When they come to form their constitution, and
never before. The Territorial Legislature is sim-
ply the ci.-i.ture and agent of Congress, and can
exercise no power oraulhority ughtfully, except
such as may be delegated by Congress in the act
of organization; and surely no one can be found
who will maintain, that Congress can delegate a
power to the Territorial Legislature over the in-
stitution of slavery, which Congress Itself does
not possess. The Supreme Court, as it has been
shown, has decided that Congress itself has no
such power, and, therefore, cannot delegate it,
unon the principle that the agent cannot be greater
. than the principal, nor the creature greater than
| the creator. But, sir, the views of the President
I upon this CjUestion were well known and well un-
; derstood; his opinions had been publicly pro-
' claimed and published throughout the whole length
and breadth of the Republic, as farbaekas 1848:
WAMiiMiroN, 21,18-18.
Sir: I l ovc jun received jours of tiie 12th in-
stant, m which you submit to me the following paiagraph,
and ask whethci it contains an accuiate vcision of the con-
versation between u-u c-oncermnt; my JJeiks county letter,
on the occasion to winch you icier:
"Happening to meet Mr. JJuclianan at the Pre.-ident h
levee on Fuday evening, X called his attention to this let-
ter and a^>ked hun if he intended to be undeit-tood as claim-
in^that the population of a teiritoiy. in an unorganized ca-
pacity had the light to conuol the question ol slaveiyin
Mich territory. Ho declared that no such idea had ever
been maintained by him; that the construction put upon
his language by Mr. Yanccy was a perversion of its plain
and obvious meaning; that, 111 hi? opinion, the inhabitant-
of a Teiritoiy, as such, had no political i iglif, [all hough they
possessed all' tlie pnvate right" of American citizens;] that
they had no power whatever over the subject ot slavery:
and they could neither interdict nor establish it, except
when assembled m convention to toull il ytate constitu-
tion. He further authorized and requested me to make any
public use of these declaiations that I might think pioper, to
correct any impression which Air. Yancey's construction
1 of lus language in the Berks letter misjht have made."
i With the addition which 1 have insetted between brack-
I ets.tlus statement is substantial!}, almost Uteully, couccl,
i! accoiding to ray iccolleetion.
In my letter to Berks county of 25th August, I had said:
"Under the Missouri compromise, slavery was forever pro-
hibited north of the parallel of 36° 30', and south of this
parallel the question was left to be decided by the people.
What people ? Undoubtedly the people of the Territory
assembled ill convention to form a State constitution, and
ask admission Into the Union, and not [first] adventurers
or' first comers,5 who might happen to arrive in the Terri-
tory, assembled in [primary] meeting." If a doubt on this
subject could possibly exist, It is removed by the next suc-
ceeding sentence of my letter.
T. Sakford, Esq.
The assault thus made oil the President I can-
not and do not understand. The honorable gen-
tleman further charged the President with bidding
high for the nomination of the Charleston con-
vention, by asserting, in his message, t"he princi-
ples of the Dred Scott decision. Does that hon-
orable gentleman disapprove that decision? No;
■ he only disapproves the President's construction
| of that decision. Well, the President has about
1 as much right to construe that decision as thelion-
! orable gentleman; and is as likely to construe it
j correctly.
I Mr. Clerk, I had hoped that, in the face of the
| fact that the President had announced his inten-
j tion three several times not to be a candidate for
j reelection; his great age—having nearly reached
the allotted time of man, threescore years and
ten; his high character, his lofty position, from
which he may proudly look down upon the hate
, of men below; his eminent public services in his
: native State, in the councils of the nation, at for-
eign Courts, in the Cabinet,and, finally, as Chief
Magistrate of the Republic, in which several po-
sitions to which he has been called by the people,
his friends have seen, with pleasure and pride, his
| rising star culminate to the zenith, and have wit-
nessed his services to his native State and the.,
i Republic—never having been charged with dis-
I loyalty or dishonoruntil this day of partisan hate—
1 would have protected him from reproach. And
i I say, sir, if he has thus long lived, honored and
respected by those who know him, and has failed
' to form a character which will protect him from
| such assaults, then, sir, truly has he lived in vail)
' —his life has been without purpose,
j Mr. Clerk, I have heard, with some astonish-
! ment, Representatives on this floorfrom the South
! announce that they do not want a united South;
j they argue that a united South would create a
I united North. Let us examine it, and see. I do
| want a united South; of all political desires I have
I on earth that is chief and paramount with me. Too
long, too long already have the southern people
i been divided among themselves. The time is
i now at hand when we must unite, ot be forever
'l overthrown. It is not intended to institute any
odious or invidious comparisons; I utterly dis-
claim it; but, sir, at the time of the declaration of
! independence by the American colonies, and be-
! fore and after that great event, which has passed
i into history, and now forms the brightest page
j upon American annals, there were those who op-
posed the union of the people of the colonies.
I " History is philosophy teaching by example;"
' and who could be found at this day to occupy the
| position in history of those who opposed the
! American struggle for independence, which re-
i suited so gloriously to American honor, liberty,
' and renown?
1 I have for years urged the people of the South
' to unite in defense of their just constitutional
1 rights; it is in my judgment their most sacred
. duty. Do-' '  * *"
; the "Union that is
' Do they propose any act of wrong or aggression
' against their northern allies? Will any one inform
■ the country what it is that the South demands to
b which the South is not justly entitled? Why,
l! then, should they not be a unit? If the southern
I: section ofthe Union demand nothing of the Govern-
!' ment but thatto which they are justly entitled, why
H should this unite the northern section against us?
Is it simply because we are united in the right, in
1 favor of executing the laws and enforcing the Con-
stitution, that the whole people ofthe Worth will
unite in opposition to the laws and Constitution,
and in favor of wrong and injustice? Away with
such an argument; there is no force in it; there is
no correct principle in it. The very reverse is
the truth. If the people ofthe whole South would
unite in demanding their rights, there would be no
: difficulty in obtaining them. Our rights and ni-
ls in my juugmein, men
i they ask anything for their section of
that is no t just, right, and constitutional ?
vi uiiL till v in uutaiiuiHj .
|i terests would bo protected, and oiu* constitutional
i' guorantees enforced. It is idle to talk or beliu\e
