1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SJ:
36tii Cong. ... 1st Sess 
Union, Patriotism, and Peace—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
State. While engaged in the solution of that im-
portant question, every act of fraud, violence, and
ruffianism perpetrated against them, to prevent
the free expression of opinion, was countenanced
by this wicked Ad ministration, and a constitution
was brought into this House which was not the
act of the people of Kansas. It was fraudulent
from beginning to end: one which would not bear
the test of investigation. When the House raised
a committee for the purpose of investigating the
frauds with which it was tainted, the Speaker—
for whom I entertainpersonally themostprofound
respect—violated the first principles of parliament-
ary law, and appointed a majority on the com-
mittee opposed to the very object for which the
House had created it, and thus defeated -the ex-
posure of the iniquitous proceedings by which the
legal voice of the people of Kansas had been coun-
terfeited.
Here we sat, sir, for months, debating whether
the mandate of an arbitrary Executive should be
obeyed, and that fraudulent constitution be forced
on Kansas by the Federal Government. We knew
that if it were, it would lead to a bloody civil war—
a war that might overspread the limits of Kansas,
and embrace the whole nation in its flames. Where
stood my honorable friendfrom Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man ;] With his back firmly set against this des-
poticAdmimstration,nobly maintaining thecause
of law and order, and the rights of the people,
yielding not an inch during all that glorious strug-
gle of popular privilege against Executive usurp-
ation; from first to last, true as steel to truth and
justice, foremost among the most able champions
of the people. For his gallant conduct during all
that contest, he shall have my vote, as long as
there is a possibility of electing him Speaker of
this House.
I know, sir, that there is not in this House a
member more obnoxious, politically, to the Ad-
ministration, than the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] and whose election as Speaker is more
justly dreaded by it. To him the country is in-
debted for the investigation in the last Congress
which brought to light the abuses and corruptions
of the naval department, and which led to re-
formatory legislation, by which the Treasury will
be in futare guarded against«imilar practices. If
further investigation is necessary into the conduct
of the Administration—and if rumor and general
suspicion are to be relied on it is absolutely neces-
sary—the Administration has just reason to fear
from the well Known firmness and integrity of
character of my friend [Mr. Sherman] that he
will so appoint the requisite committees, as to pro-
cure a thorough and unsparing scrutiny into all
the malpractices of the Government. The fact
that his resoluteness ofpurpose and fearless energy
in the exposure of corruption, has provoked the
fierce and malignant hate of the ruling dynasty
and its servile minions, should commend him to
the support of all who wish to see the purity of the
Government vindicated, and venality and political
profligacy chastised with the scorpion lash of
public indignation.
My constituents, Mr. Clerk, have too great in-
terests at stake in the organization of this House to
ermit me to hesitate as to my choice ofSpeakcr.
will vote for 110 candidate for that office who is
not a true and proved friend of the cause of pro-
tection. I know Mr. Sherman to be such, and I
know that he will so organize the Committee of
Ways and Means as to give that question a fair
hearing, when a proposition for a revision of the
tariff shall come before it. We have a right to ex-
pect that the business wants of the country shall
be taken into consideration; that remedial meas-
ures shall bo applied to existing evils, and that the
voice of the great productive masses shall at least
be heard and respected in the committee specially
charged with the protection of their interests. The
election of my friend from Ohio will be the surest
guarantee of the realization of such a hope.
But, sir, apart from all this, I know the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to be a man of
just and equable temper, of a fair and honorable
natuie, and incapable of perverting parliamentary
law into an instrument of partisan despotism, if
I knew him to be otherwise, or if I had the slight-
est doubt on the subject, I woxild not give him my
vote at any time; as [ will never aid in placing in
that chair, Mr. Clerk, any man who will not ad-
r
minister the rules of the House with equal and
exact justice to all parties.
But, Mr. Clerk, we arc told that Mr. Sherman
is one of those who signed the recommendation
in favor of Helper's book. Very well, sir; I did
not sign it, and I claim no particular crcdit for not
doing so. I have read but little of the book. So
far as I do know anything about it, I understand
that it is a work written by a native of a southern
State; a book peculiarly and almost exclusively
addressed to southern men, reciting the experi-
ences of a southern man, and drawing a compar-
ison between the productiveness and the utility of
free and slave labor. The book, sir, must fall or
stand upon its own merits. And what is done
here? Why, gentleman magnify this book into
a tremendous engine of mischief. They proclaim
that this book and all who indorse it are capable
of producing infinite mischief to the peace of this
country. They proclaim that all who indorse it
indorse treason. Has not my honorable friend
said that, in so far as that book expresses anything
contrary to the Constitution of the United States,
so far he condemns it. Could any declaration be
more unreserved, more candid, and, I may add,
more acceptablc, if gentlemen are willing to be-
lieve in the veracity of their peers upon this floor?
What have we to do with Mr. Helper's book more
than with any other book ? Are we to sit here, as
a college of Jesuk censors, to expurgate the liter-
ature of the country ? Are we to convert ourselves
from a congressional and legislative body into a
literary tribunal, and pass in review the merits of
every incendiary publication which may be thrown
out in the country, and hold gentlemen responsi-
ble for the sentiments of that publication in so far
as they have read and indorsed it, directly or in-
directly? Why, sir, this is a most extraordinary
proceeding, it lifts Mr. Helper into a conse-
quence he never dreamed of attaining. Tt makes
him an enemy of the South more formidable than
he ever aimed to be, if, indeed, he aims to be an
enemy of the South at all. It makes him an in-
strument of mischief far beyond his capacity, and
far beyond the imagination of his most partial
admirers. This book, so full of mischief, which
has been occupying the attention of Congress now
nearly for an entire week, you have asked the
whole people of the United States to read and
ponder upon. You have been dwelling and dwell-
ing upon its inflammatory text, so that if it ever
had any mischief in it, you have increased the
power of that mischief to an incalculable extent.
And, sir, what has been done upon this floor is
in perfect consonance with the action ot^e Dem-
ocratic party. Who repealed the Mis^rori com-
promise ? Who broke the bonds of peace which
had been signed thiity ycais before by the wise
men of the North and of the South? The Dem-
ocratic party. Who framed the Kansas-Nebraska
bill ? The Democratic party. Who refused fo
carry out the provisions of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill? Who deluded the people of Kansas into the
idea that they were to have a free expression of
their will on their organic form of government,
and then denied it them? The Democratic party.
Who brings the question of slavery first into this
Hall? The Democratic party. Who delays the
organization of this House by factious expedients,
and keeps the country in a state of dangerous ex-
citement by the violent discussion of the slavery
quesljon, when it is totally uncalled for? The
Representatives of the Democratic party. For
all the sectional bitterness now frevailing, and
which grows out of the slavery" agitation, the
Democratic party is responsible. By that it lives,
and by that it will perish.
Notwithstanding these facts, we are daily told
that the North is the disturber of the peace of the
country; that it is implicated in acts of conspir-
acy and outrage against the people of the southern
States; and that it is responsible for the acts of
John Brown, and the sentiments of a few radical
and fanatical orators. I am no apologist for the
North. The North needs no apology, and has
none to give. It is loyal to the Constitution; it
is loyal to the Union; and they who seek to mis-
guide and impress the people of the South with
the idea that the people of the North, as a body,
are hostile to them, do it for the purpose of fac-
tious mischief—a mischief that will have a wider
range, and be attended by far more pernicious
consequences, than they, in their short-sighted
folly, imagine. . * y
Mr. Clerk, God forbid that I, as the Represent- \r
ative of a conservative constituency, should have
any part in embroiling different sections of the
country, or in misrepresenting one section of the
country to the other, for mere political purposes
and partisan aims. It is impossible for the peo-
ple of the North and of the South to live together
111 amity and concord so long as the actions of
individuals, or the actions of small bodies, are
taken as indices of dominant sentiment in those
sections. Sir, the constituency I in part represent >
is an eminently loyal one. It has no sympathy
with John Brown, or for those who incited him,
directly or indirectly, to his mad crusade in Vir-
ginia. The people of the city of Philadelphia,
where the Hall of Independence still remains, ;
cherish deeply the feelings and motives that led
our ancestors to the Declaration of Independence,
and the Union which sprang from it. They are
animated by the sacred associations of that Hall,
and they know that that Union can exist only so
long as North and South and all sections respect
their respective reserved rights. We of the North
insist that we are not to be made a particeps enm-
inis in these transactions. We insist that it is a
false and unwarranted chargc. Yes, sir; it is a
libel, it is unjust, and it is a calumny, to hold the
whole body of the northern people responsible for
the acts of the leader of a band of madmen. Was
the whole South, Mr. Clerk, held responsible
when the Legislature of South Carolina passed
an ordinance deliberately nullifying the laws of
the United States? Did we identify the whole
South with the people of South Carolina, or with
the nullifying party in South Carolina, which
was in favor of armed resistance to the laws of the
United States? .No, sir; wo heard from the loyal
States of North Carolina, Tennessee, and others,
indignant protestations against the South being
incriminated in the action of South Carolina.
When the President of the United States, a
native of Tennessee, issued his celebrated proc-
lamation against the nullifying resolutions of
South Carolina, he met with a response, not from
the North alone, but from tho East and West,
andalltheloyalmenofthe South. And the seces-
sion recommendations of the Nashville conven-
tion of 1850 fell powerless upon the hearts of the
loyal people of the South. We never believed
that the whole people of the South were ripe for
these sectional schemes of aggrandizement and
separation of the Union. Nor do I believe that
any considerable portion of them now, through
the agency of secret societies, can be welded to-
gether to form a deliberate plan for the establish-
ment of a southern slaveholaing confederacy, and
a dissolution of the Union for that purpose. You
might as well expect the people of the North to
identify the whole people of the South with the
reopening of the slave trade. You might as well
expect us to believe that everybody there is in
favor of the revival of that accursed traffic, be-
cause certain leading public men and presses ad-
vocate it. On the contrary, wo know that one,
at least, of the members of the present Cabinet,
and that some of the chief statesmen of the South
arc arrayed against it, and we know that all truly
humane and Christian men there abhor this in-
famous scheme. We have no fears upon that
subjcct.
Then why, gentlemen of the South, why, when
we refuse to involve you in these general charges
and odious suspicions as an entire people,do you
persist in this war of crimination and misrepre-
sentation against the North, when yon cannot
really believe in your hearts that the whole peo-
ple of that part of the country entertain uncon-
stitutional designs against the South? No, sir;
for one I am for the Union; I am for peace; I am
for law; and never until the last moment shall I
despair of making this glorious Union, and the
Constitution dependent upon it, perpetual. I
hope we may be able to live together like a band
of brothers; but, sir, we never can, so long as
gentlemen come into this Hall and insist upon a
course of misrepresentation, and upon involving
innocent people in the acts of a criminal few.
In the name of my constituents of Philadelphia,
at least, and of the patriot State of Pennsylvania,
I protest against the assaults upon our character
