460
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
anything else* Our own divisions, kept up, as I
believe, by designing men for their own purposes
and the purpose of our destruction, mate us the
easy prey of the enemy. We are continually told
that.our people are divided at home relative to our
rights connected with slavery. Books and essays
are written to show this, and to prove it. I illus-
trate with Helper's book.
One proof that we are divided in sentiment at
home, that is sometimes alluded to, is the support
that the South gave Mr. Fillmore for President,
in 1856. Now, while I know myself that all men
in the State of Georgia, of whom I haveany knowl-
edge, are in favor of perpetuating the institution of
slavery, and arc willing to pour out their blood
in defense Of the institution, you must see there
is some force m the position. Mr, Fillmore never
gave a single vote in favor of the institution of
slavery during his whole congressional life. He
voted against the South in favor of the Wilmot
proviso every opportunity he ever had. He is
the author of the protective tarilf of 1842, and the
only act of his life in favor of the South or south-
ern interests or institutions, was his assent to the
fugitive slave law in 1850; and lie has announced
within the last thirty days, that he performed that
act which simply provided for the enforcement of
a clear constitutional right, with great pain, and
then not until the Attorney General of the United
States had furnished him a written opinion in
favor of the bill.
I will call the attention of the House to a few
historical facts, further going to show that we have
been kept divided at the South for the sole pur-
pose of working our ruin; and I want it understood
i make no attack upon the motives of any man,
k but simply speak of the effort of this division. It
became apparent to the people of the South, in
1854, that they could not rely on the Whig party
at the North for the protection of their constitu-
tional rights; for, upon the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, not one Whig from the North, in
either House of Congress, voted for the measure.
When the Democratic party proposed to repeal
the Missouri restriction, which was a clear viola-
tion ofthc Constitution, no Whig voted for it; and
it was thus manifested that at the North, in any
existing party except the Democratic party, the
South had no friend; and then the people of the
South would have been united in favor of the only
party that recognized their constitutional rights in
the Territories. To prove this, 1 will allude to a
single fact. The .Legislature of the State of Georgia
was m session at the time th.it the Kansas bill was
reported in the Senate of the United States, and I
think Mr. Stephens, of Hancock, (the brother of
the Hon. Alexander II. Stephens,) now one of the
judges of our supreme court, introduced a resolu-
tion approving the principles of that bill, and de-
claring that opposition to tin? principles contained
in the bill was hostility lo the 1 ights of the South.
That resolution passed both branches of the (Ten-
oral Assembly unanimously; and m May, or
June, afterwards, in 1854 or 1855, the American
party, at Macon, approved the resolution, and de-
clared that any person opposed to it was unfit to
be a member of the American party; and thus the
whole people of Georgia, through their Represent-
atives and Senators in the General Assembly, and
through their delegates m party conventions, were
committed in favor of tin; principles of that bill;
and, so f<tr as Georgia was concerned, for once the
people were united upon a principle which gave
them equality in the Territories.
Mr. HILL. I rise solely for the purpose of
making a correction. The, gentleman cited abso-
lution as having passed a convention of the Amer-
ican party of Georgia, m May or June, 1854 or
1855, at Macon. May I ask my colleague if he
has that resolution before him? and if so, will lie
read it?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have not. If I am
wrong, I want to be put right.
Mr. HILL. That is my object.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will state that the reso-
lution to which my colleague alludes was passed
at the convention of the American party at Ma-
con, on the 28th of June, 1855. Shall I read the
resolution ?
Air. HILL. The gentleman is right. There
were two conventions of the American party held
at the city of Macon, in it>55. The one to which
reference is now made was the one which nomin-
ated Judge Andrews for Governor of the State.
The reason I thought proper to make this correc-
tion, as to the adoption of this particular resolu-
tion, was because 1 was not present at that con-
vention. If I had been, I should have opposed
that resolution. That is the reason; because it
is well known throughout Georgia, that, before
the Kansas and Nebraska bill became a law, I
opposed it. I have ever since opposed it, con-
sistently and constantly; and I cxpect, sir, to
oppose it as long as I live.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask my colleague, be-
fore he takes his seat, whether he did not sup-
port Mr. Andrews with a knowledge of this reso-
lution ?
Mr. HILL. I did; because I had to take him,
or take a Democrat advocating the same doctrine.
I supported him,because he then belonged to the
American party. He was my party candidate.
I have, however, never failed to repudiate that
resolution, and also the resolution of the Legis-
lature passed in 1854. I have never had much
respect for either.
Mr. HARDEMAN. The bill the Georgia
Legislature indorsed never had the doctrine of
alien suffrage in it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let me read the resolu-
tion passed by the American party of Georgia in
1855, touching the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Here
it is:
" Resolved, That this Council, while repudiating the pol-
icy of allowing, m the futuie legislation of the country, un-
naturalized foreigners to vote in the temtoria! election^,
rogaute all opposition to the principles of the Ncbias-ka-
Kansas act, in lclation to f-laverv, as hostility to the con-
stitutional lights of the .South; and all persons who partake
in such opposition as unfit to be recognized as membens of
the .AmcnccUi party."
That, sir, was the position of the American
party of Georgia; and upon that resolution they
put their candidate for Governor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have met that ques-
tion before, and I think that I understand it.
Mr. HILL. There is no party feeling in this
matter. I wished only to set the gentleman right
on a matter of fact. My opposition to the Kan-
sas-Nebraska lull was based chiefly upon the
ground of the impolicy of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromis'—an act I have said, over and
over again, I believed to be an extra-constitutional
measure, not warranted by the Constitution. I
have repeatedlysaid that I would never have voted
for the Alissouri compromise, had 1 been a mem-
ber of Congress at that day; but [ have as often
stated that, havmg existed upon the statute-book
for thirty years and more, I thought, for all prac-
tical purposes, it was unwise to disturb it. That
is my opinion yet.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have said that I have
mot this question before, and that I think I under-
stand it. My colleague says that, if he had been
in the Geoigia Legislature, he would not have
voted for the resolution passed by that Legisla-
ture unanimously. Sir, he assumes to himself
to know and understand better the rights and in-
terestsof that State than all of her representatives
in both Houses of her General Assembly. He
gives, as the reason why he would not have voted
for it, that it had the principle of alien suffrage in
it. 1 want to notify that gentleman that if he will
examine the record he will find that the alien-suf-
frage feature ofthc bill was not put into it until
after the Legislature of Georgia had passed their
resolution. That is the record.
Another fact he tells us—and I am glad that
lu  has done so, because we desire to have this
issue; not, however, for the purpose of a party
triumph here; far from it; but for the purpose of
having placed before the people of Georgia the
position occupied by the representatives of the
American party, upon this floor, of opposition to
the repeal of the Missouri restriction. I ask that
gentleman if he ever announced to the people of
Geoigia, in any public address, speech, or letter,
opposition to the repeal of the Missouri restric-
tion, until after Mr. Fillmore's celebrated annun-
ciation that it was a Pandora's box?
Mr. HILL. Mr. Clerk, it is my judgment that
I am indebted to my present position here, more
than to any other cause in the world, to a speech
which I happened to make, by invitation, and
from which I could not honorably escape, in re-
ply to Hon. Alexander Ii. Stephens, at the court-
house of Greene county, Georgia, September,
1855. On that occasion, I denounced the Kansas-
Nebraska bill and the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise as being, in my judgment, more the work
of demagogues than of statesmen. I did it as early
as September, 1855. I did not believe,from its
history, that it was an emanation of high states-
manship. T did regard it with the same appre-
hension that Senator Douglas did, when it first
made its appearance. I regarded it with the same
apprehension that Senator Cass did, who deplored
it at the time. I have stood by that position ever
since. Mr. Stephens has done me the justice to
say, on all proper occasions, that, before it became
a law, I was the only man in Georgia ho found
denouncing it. I stand there yet. I did not de-
nounce it bccause of its unconstitutional action in
repealing the Missouri compromise, but for its
impolicy.
I am nn American,and for my colleague to make
war on me on this point shows that he is very far
behind the times. Two years ago on this floor,
when the Lccompton measure was pressing upon
the country, I enunciated precisely the same views.
I did not then indulge in the egotism of going
back and showirfg how early I took my position.
I set the gentlemarf right as to dates. I have been
i constant and uniform in deploring the repeal of
i the Missouri compromise. I wrote a letter on
' that subject, which I could show the gentleman,
i because it went into a newspaper of this city in
; the spring of 1855, in which 1 predicted the rapid
! growth of a great anti-slavery party which would
! overshadow the entire North and eventually crush
i all conservative men m or out of the Democratic
1 party there. I think, sir, that that prediction is
1 pretty nearly verified. That was one of the rea-
' sons why I deplored the unnecessary repeal of the
, Missouri compromise. Sir, if Senator Douglas
. himself was put upon the confessional to-day, to
! say whether he regretted that repeal or not, I
, l^i\e not a doubt that he would speak out and
j say that it was one of the most deplorable acts of
i legislation that ever occurred in this Union.
1 Another word: It occurs to me that my friend
| and myself were once in the old Whig party to-
; getlier. 1 believe that is the condition of my col-
| leagues from Georgia, pretty generally, with the
ii exception, perhaps, of one or two, [Mr. Jones
, and Mr. Jackson.] We voted for Taylor and
Fillmore. I did. And at that time the redeeming
feature my friend has adverted to in the character
of Mr. Fillmore—his sanction of the fugitive slave
I bill of 1850—did not exist. But lie took him as
I lie was, and it strikes me it would bother my col-
\ league to excuse himself, in his position, for ac~
j eepting such a candidate for the Vice Presidency
; as he now says Mr. Fillmore then was.
; Mr. UNDERWOOD. My colleague has him-
: self pioduocd the pi oof—that the Hon. Alexander
; II. Stephens said that he [Mr. Hill] was the
| only man in Georgia who stood upon that posi-
| tion at that time. He has the honor of having
! stood solitary and alone. I do not intend to be
i diverted from my purpose by the last point which
i the gentleman has made upon me, though I in-
| tend to answer that, too. There is a preliminary
' point I do not intend to lose sight of, and that is
] that in the House of Representatives of the Amer-
ican Congress the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia stands to-day, as he himself says, deploring
the repeal of the Missouri restriction, and declar-
ing that he would not have voted for it. What
was that Missouri restriction ? It was the exclu-
sion of the whole people of the South with their
property from all the territories of the United
States north of the southern line of Missouri.
Sir, it was not only that exclusion, but it was an
unjustand unconstitutional exclusion. It was an
pggrcssion upon our rights, and one which I be-
lieve the people of the South in 1820 ought to have
repelled. It was degrading to them. Then what
excuse will you make to the people of Georgia
for opposing the repeal of that unjust and uncon-
stitutional restriction? What excuse will you
make for being opposed to wiping out from the
statute-books of the country that unjust violation
! of the Constitution of the United States, which
j! has so degraded the people of Georgia, and the
people of the whole country ?
Now, sir, I did not expect this party contro-
versy; but I am dead in earnest, for my heartbeats
true to the rights of my native land and the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. HILL. Let me reply.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman seeks
the floor in reply to my speech. I have notcallcd
