2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
eating and even voting for them. Had the bill in
question been discussed in the Senate, I should,
while expressing ray unqualified approbation of
its provisions, have stated my personal interest
in the question, and asked to be excused from
voting on it. I have but a few words more to say
OR this subject, and would wish to avoid the ne-
cessity of saying them. More than a year since,
in a le.tter to Mr. Claiborne, to which I have be-
fore alluded, I said:
" You will see that it [the bill in question] was consid-
ered during two sessions, and accompanied by printed re-
Sorts. You knowthat these printed bills and reports have
een placed in possession of every member of both Houses;
and if Mr. Miles Taylor knew, as he pretends, nothing
of it, it betrays gross inattention to his duties; if he did,
his attempt now to screen himself from his responsibility
to his constituents on New river, by insinuations of trick
and concealment, can only be qualified by terms which it
would be in bad taste to express, but which are not the less
deserved."
Mr. Taylor has not ventured to reply to this
letter. I have therefore a right to assume that ho
has countenanced and stimulated the libelous as-
saults made on me by presses with which he is
known to have close affiliation.
One word more, nnd I have done. The Sena-
torfrom Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] the chairman ot
the select committee which reported this bill, lias,
with the frankness which ever characterizes him,
expressly repudiated the idea of casting any the
slightest imputation on the good faith of my col-
league or myself. The statement I have made
is not for my vindication with my peers, but to
place myself right before the people of Louisiana.
It may not be out of place further to say that,
aincc this matter has been brought before the Sen-
ate, I have scrupulously abstained from any and
every conversation respecting it with members of
the Senate, or of the House, my colleague alone
excepted; indeed, I may perhaps have carried my
reserve on the subject to a degree rendering me
justly obnoxious to a charge, not only of extreme
fastidiousness, butof having failed to sustain the
interests and rights of constituents deeply to bo
affected by the repeal of the sccond section of the
act of Juno 2. 1858.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have ex-
amined, with some care, the report and bill which
are now before the Senate, from the special com-
mittee raised upon this subject. The report and
the bill both propose to repeal legislation passed
through Congress in theyear 1858,atmy instance,
for the purpose of settling land titles m Louisi-
ana—legislation which I not only originated and
approved, but still know to-have been right. I
do not say that I think so, Mr. President; I know
30; and 1 think, before I have completed what I
have to say upon the subject, that my friend from
Georgia, who made ihe report, will be thoroughly
satisfied of the mistake whicli he has committed
in it.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will give way a
single moment, before he proceeds in his remarks,
I would be obliged to him if he would explain
briefly the character of the grant, and the nature
of the sections to be repealed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is precisely what [
am going to do.
Mr. President, in the year 1775 or 1776, when
the province of Louisiana was a Spanish colony,
governed by colonial lieutenants and intendants,
who were vested by the Crown with complete con-
trol over the publicdomain,theeastern boundary
of the province was the river Mississippi, with the
exception of the island of Orleans, as it was called;
that island of Orleans lying east of the Mississippi
river, and comprehended between a small stream
called the Bayou Marichae, that lan from the river
across the land above the city, and passed back
into a series of lakes behind the city—lakes Mau-
repas,Pontchartrain,and Borgne.
_ Mr. POLK. Where did it leave the Missis-
sippi ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It left the Mississippi more
than seventy miles above where these grants are.
The entire province of land was west of the Mis-
sissippi, except this island of Orleans, the island
of Orleans having the Mississippi in front, and a
series of lakes close behind, varying in distance
from the river from five to twelve or fifteen miles.
The conformation of the country is pretty gen-
erally known. The land is alluvial. The high
land is upon the borders of the stream; the low
land is back, away from the stream. This form-
ation was created by the fact that the river, in
overflowing the land, left upon the borderland
first its heaviest deposit, was gradually sifted
clear of the mud it carried as it went, the heaviest
being upon the bank. The high lands are on the
banks of the stream, and the low lands are oil'
from the banks. The land slopes from the stream
back to the swamp.
In the year 1776, or before that, in the year
1774, a tribe of Indians, called the Houmas In-
dians, lived upon the bank of the river, and by
law were incompentent to sell their land without
the approbation ofthe Government. OneLatil and
one Conway bought these Indian lands from them
with the approbation of the Governor, and paid
them, I think, one hundred or one hundred and
fiftydollars for their tract of land. This land con-
tamed the usual depth of forty arpents, an arpent
being about sixteen per cent, less than an acre.
An arpent is one hundred and eighty feet square;
an acre is two hundred and ten feet square. Con-
way bought out Latil's interest in the property.
In 1776, at the very time that this nation was de-
claring its independence of Great Britain, these
Spanish colonists in Lower Louisiana applied to
their Governor to give them the land that lay
behind their front tract. Ipray Senators to observe
one thing: that in the entire controversy as to this
title, from the time it was first heard of until the
present hour, no man has ever doubted the entire
validity of the title to the front tract, nor the entire
validity of the title to an additional depth. The
solitary controversy has been, what was the
meaning of the words by which this additional
depth was conveyed ?
tn 1776 this front owner, Mr. Conway, pre-
sented himself before the Governor, and told him,
in the words of his petition, that he owned this
tract forty arpents in depth, the usual depth in
the country; told him (truly or falsely is not a
matter at all necessary to be investigated) that his
plantation had no fences or establishments upon
it; that the cypress had been cleared to a depth
of a league ana a half from the river; that, con-
sequently, he remained without that timber which
alone is used in Louisiana for purposes of con-
struction on plantations; that is, the swamp cy-
press, which alone stands the climate. All other
kinds of wood, all other kinds of timber, rot at
once in that dampand warm climate; the swamp
cypress alone stands in the open air. He stated
to the Governor that there was no cyprcss nearer
the river than a league and a half. A league
is eighty-four arpents; a league and a half is,
therefore, one hundred and twenty-six arpents.
Stating to the Governor that there was no cypress
upon the land nearer than one hundred and twenty-
six arpents to the bank, he requested of the Gov-
ernor to make him a grant of all the vacant lands
which lay in the rear of his original depth of forty
arpents.
Upon that petition, the Governor directed the
surveyor of the province to go upon the land, to
call in the neighboring proprietors, to examine
the condition of it, to fix metes and bounds, and
to put the petitioner in possession of all the vacant
land lying in the rear of his forty arpents. The
surveyor went upon the land, and his survey is
amongst the papers. The surveyor went upon
the land in 1776, and called in the neighboring
proprietors. He called in the Indian chief; he
called in the commandant of the post, because, as
ho says, the commandant of the post understood
the language of that Indian tribe. He called
upon the Indian chief to point out the side lines
of the tract belonging to the tube, and there, in
the presence of the commandant of the post, of
the Indian chief, and all the neighboring proprie-
tors, he placed the stakes and boundaries which
marked out the tract of land solicited by the peti-
tioner. In stating his operations, he says that he
started his lines and followed the neighboring
proprietory along to a depth of forty arpents from
the river—that was the first step; that he, at that
depth, planted a stake of mulberry wood to mark
the first depth of forty arpents; that then, cutting
a path through the wood, he protracted each side
line two arpents more, for the purpose of mark-
ing the course of the side lines; planted his stake
at the extremity of cach protracted side line at
this depth of two arpents beyond the original
forty; and stated that to have been the operation
made in (he presence of all the neighboring pro-
prietors who signed the proceedings, and the whole
were returned to the Governor. Thereupon an-
other Governor of the province, the former one
having in the mean time been recalled, another
Governor then in power granted to Maurice Con-
way, the petitioner, a patent in the name of the
King of Spain, for the entire depth of the public
land lying behind the original forty arpents,'in
accordance with the survey and operations which
had been made by this surveyor general under
his orders. He approved the survey, and said
that it had been made in accordance with the rules
of-surveying in the province. Icite notthewords
of these titles; they are familiar to mo as house-
hold words from some circumstances which I
shall hereafter indicate in the course of my argu-
ment.
Tha\ was in 1776. "What was meant by these
words, "all the depth lying behind these forty
arpents?" That is the whole question that ever
arose between these grantees and the Government
of the United States. Now, I say, first, to the
Senate, that from the year 1777 down to the year
1829, making fifty-two years, there was a regular,
persistent, and consecutive claim of these grantees
to the entire depth to the lake, in the presence of
the inhabitants, in the presence of the public
authorities—persistently put before the public
authorities—notonously and openly made; and
that this grant, with this depth, was the subject
of sale, of mortgage, of inheritance, and of every
possible species of conveyance to which private
title can he subject, for fifty-two years before the
first breath of objection was made. '
I shall show my friend from Georgia how much
he is mistaken in some of the facts stated in this
report; and it is not at all to be wondered at, Mr.
President, that there should be mistake. This
was a subject entirely foreign to the ordinary
labors and studies of the committee raised by the
Senate. It was one that carried them into a new
country, into an unknown region; one so difficult
in its character that I may be allowed, by way
of illustration, to recall to the memory of the Sen-
ate, or to those members of the Senate who are
lawyers, the fact, that in the celebrated case of
Strotherrs.Lucas, which came from Missouri,and
which my friend [Mr. Polk] remembers well—
which is reported m 6th Peters—the Supreme
Court of the United States, after argument, de-
cided the case unanimously one way, and then in
12th Peters, upon further argument, reversed that
unanimous decision, and decided the case the
other way, stating that the whole system was so
foreign that it was exceedingly difficult for them
to arrive at correct conclusions on the subject.
Mr. President, a person might as well undertake
to converse with these Japanese embassadors' in
their own language, never having heard a single
syllable of it before, at the end of two or three
weeks, as a committee of the Senate undertake to
make an unobjectionable and well-considered and
intelligible report on the Spanish colonial land
system, dependent as it was, not only upon the
decrccs of the King of Spain, but upon the laws,
usages, and customs of this distant colony—to
make such a report, I say, in the space of a few
weeks, was a physical impossibility, a moral im-
possibility; and therefore it is that, with entire
courtesy to this committee, I am compelled to say
that this report is replete with error of fact—grave
error of fact and grave error of law. First, as
regards the error of fact. I will refer to this state-
ment, on the fifth page of the report:
"Under the term, 'all the back land3,' the Houmas
claimants, after the treaty of cession, and never before,
claimcd and surveyed above onehuudted am! eighty thou-
sand acres of land, for a timber privilege for less than four
thousand acres. This timber was scattered over more than
three hundred square lmles, in a country not natuiaily well
adapted to easy transportation."
That certainly would seem to be a most ridicu-
lous claim, particularly brought forward under
such circumstances. Now, to be sure, Mr. Presi-
dent, the side lines originally drawn by Andry,
the Spanish surveyor, in 1776, were never pro-
tracted over the ground until 1804; but the state-
ment here is that the Houmas grant was never
claimed to this depth before the treaty of cession.
I want to show to my friend from Georgia that
the very year after this grant was made it was
sold before the royal public notary ofthe province,
whose duty it was by law, not only to receive con-
veyances from these people, who were generally
ignorant people—agriculturists—but whose duty
it was, under the Spanish ordinances and decrees
in relation to lands, to inform them about the na-
