1859.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Progress of Anti-Slaveryism—Mr. Curry.
Ho. of Eeps.
imposed and appropriations made by you of the
North, at your mere discretion. They know,
that wherever power is lodged, whether in a sin-
gle ruler, or in a dominant, irresponsible, sectional
majority, with no other restraint than the mere
discretion of its possessor, (for to those who pro-
claim a higher law the Constitution is no check,)
there will be an absolute despotism. To surren-
der this right of taxation, even to States and people
the most friendly, would be to resign the dearest
right of freemen. The experience of the past has
shown us how wc would be taxed and impover-
ished for the benefit of the North. Even if slavery
was not interfered with, other interests of vita!
importance to the slaveholder, as well as the non-
slaveholder, could be invaded, and other rights be
violated, and this, too, according to the forms of
law and the Constitution.
Not contented with equal privileges, equal ben-
efits, and equal burdens of a common Government,
the northern people, or at least a large majority
of them, wo*ild deprive us, as they have sought
to do again and again, of all share in the common
territories; would build up their manufactures by
imposing upon us onerous protective tariff laws;
would squander the public money for local inter-
nal improvements, and, in a thousand other ways,
enrich themselves by impoverishing us. What
a bright prospect would be presented to the south-
ern people, to see their liberties, their property,
and their all, at the disposal and mercy of a mere
numercial majority in this CJnion, and that ma-
jority composed of their bitter enemies! Think
you, sir, that when this sectional, fanatical party
gets the control, if it ever shall, of this Govern-
ment, that the Union, which the wisdom of our
fathers framed, would survive? The form might
remain, the name might still be preserved, but the
spirit of the Constitution would have departed
forever. No troops of armed men; no secession
of sovereign and independent States; no bloody
revolution, though these might follow, will have
caused the knell of the Union to be sounded.
Base, reckless men, by their unhallowed party
associations, will have accomplished at the polls
its final overthrow. The verdict of impartial his-
tory would be, that a sectional party, envenomed
by hate, and impelled by lust of power and do-
minion, had, through the forms of the Constitu-
tion, usurped the power and control of the Gov-
ernment. Misguided and infuriate philanthropy
would triumph over patriotism; unscrupulous am-
bition over the Constitution of our fathers. Even
now they seem flushed with hope and confidence,
and reach forth their fratricidal hands to seize the
tempting prize. It seems to be almost within
their grasp; but I trust " like the Dead sea fruit,
it may turn to ashes on their lips." I fancy I hear
them ask: Will the South submit to our rule, our
domination ? Oh, that I was authorized to speak
for every southern State their indignant answer—
No ! Never ! God forbid that the thought, even
for a single moment, of bowing the neck to such
an ignominious yoke, should enter the mind of a
southern freeman.
For aconquered race the world might have same
respect, provided they had sternly and heroically
resisted their hard fate; but a people who would
tamely surrender their equality and their liberty,
who were so lost to all manly sentiments, would
deserve, as they would receive, the scorn and con-
tempt of their own and of all future generations.
A brave and illustrious ancestry, if such they had,
would only make, by contrast with this example,
the shame and humiliation of their posterity the
greater.
There may yet be true and loyal men to the
Constitution at the North, who, if they will unite
with us in its defense, the aims and purposes of
the Republican party might be defeated and this
Union be preserved; but unless they arc more
numerous than is indicated by their representation
upon this floor, there is imminent danger that its
days are numbered.
When this Union was formed, it was regarded
as a doubtful experiment. Patrick Henry, with
his matchless eloquence, and many others of the
purest and best patriots of the land, men who had
devoted themselves to the cause of the Revolution,
opposed the ratification of the Constitution. They
believed then and some of them predicted—among
others Benjamin Harrison, of Virginia—that if
the Union was formed, the southern States would
sink down into mere appendages of the North.
What were the objects which the framers of
the Constitution had m view? They are set forth
in the preamble to that instrument:
" To form a more perfect Union, establish justice, pro-
vide for the common defense, insure domestrc tranquillity,
and secuic the blessing of liberty to oui&elves and our pos-
tciity."
I ask here, this day, whether these objects have
been attained ? Have wc formed a more perfect
Union? On the contrary, are not the North and
the South in almost hostile array against each
other? and as to insuring domestic tranquillity,
I need not allude to the late events at Harper's
Ferry: 1 will but refer to the long crusade which
has been preached and organized at the North
against the rights of our people.
I repeat that if the framers of the Constitution
had ever dreamed of this persistent, relentless war
upon the institution of sla\ery, they would never
have agreed to the formation of this Union at all.
The question now is, whether, being formed, this
cause is sufficient to destroy it?
Mr. Clerk, the southern people have heretofore
been patient and forbearing under the many in-
juries which they have received. They have lent
too willing cars to the syren songs of those who
cried " Peace, peace." 'Many of them have now
despaired of ever witnessing the restoration of
amity between the two sections. The embittered
and hostile feeling which now prevails in both re-
gions they believe, however much they may regret
it, must lead to a dissolution of the Union. If that
is to be the inevitable result, is it not better that
this separation should be made by mutual agree-
ment, as was done by Abraham and Lot, when
" they separated themselves the one from the
other?" Yet gentlemen tell us that there must
be an appeal to arms; and, m some quarters, the
southern States are threatened with subjugation,
in case they l esist. Thus warned, I trust they will
all arm at once for the conflict. Such threats can
have no other influence upon abiave and spirited
people. They have all the men and materials re-
quired for their defense; and, T dare predict, calmly
prepared to meet the issue whenever a wanton in-
fraction of their rights, or an unmistakable evi-
dence of hostile intentions, such as that to which
I have alluded, shall render necessary an appeal
to the God of justice and the arbitrament of the
sword.
If war should follow, as I do not believe that it
would, then, unless I am deceived in the spirit of
the South, they would make the struggle memo-
rable in after times, by being able to point to
many glorious battle-fields, like those of Mara-
thon and Morat, Yorktown and New Orleans.
I have no apprehension respecting the final result
of such conflict; but I prefer that no conflict should
take place. I prefer that the spirit of fanaticism
should be quelled; that this crusade against the
South should cease; and that we should be afforded
what the Constitution intended to assure us—se-
curity and protection in the enjoyment of our
rights of person and property.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I ask whether, under this
Government, every other interest is not better
protected than the slave interest? Every other
citizen finds himself secure m the enjoyment of
4iis property. The merchant, the ship-owner, the
manufacturer, know that wherever the Ameiican
flag floats, no rude hand dare molest them in the
enjoyment of their property. But wo alone arc
denied protection; we alone are proscribed; we
alone are to witness our slave property taken from
us, and the arm of the nation is never extended
for our redress. Sovereign States of the North
have solemnly nullified the fugitive slave law, and
imposed heavy penalties upon their citizens who
should assist in its execution. They have per-
mitted our citizens to be fined, imprisoned, and
sometimes murdered, for going to the North to
recapture their property.
Members of Congress, now on this floor, have
boasted of their willingness to aid in the rescue
from their owners of fugitive slaves. The slave-
holder is told that he cannot take his property
into the common Territories of the Union, and
there find protection; that his slaves may there be
forcibly seized, stolen, or confiscated; and unless
the squatters—whether foreigners or natives—
who may first have taken possession of such Ter-
ritories, shall pass laws for its protection, that he
will seek in vain for redress. Was there ever any
other civilized Government, in ancient or modern
times, whether a democracy, constitutional mon-
archy, or a despotism, which did not recognize
its obligation to protect all its citizens in the en- •
joyment of their right of property ? In the feuda?
ages no allegiance was claimed from those to
whom protection was denied. The Roman em-
pire, extending its power to the remotest limits of
the then known world, never refused its protec-
tion to its citizens, however remote from the im-
perial city. Yet the right of slaveholders to pro-
tection in the common Territories is denied by
all, save a few, at the North. When fanaticism
begins so to rule the day, and our constitutional
rights are invaded now, and still more seriously
threatened m the future, does it not become every
southern State to prepare for the emergency?
Notwithstanding the opinions which I have ex-
pressed, I can truly say, sir, that none will more
heartily rejoice than myself to sec the clouds
which now seem to lower over us forever dis-
persed, and peace and concord once more restored
to our now distracted land.
PROGRESS OF ANTI-SLAVERYISM.
SPEECH OF J7~L. M. CURRY,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House op Representatives,
December 10, 1859.
[revised by himself "*3
Mr. CURRY said:
There are occasions, Mr. Clerk, when a whole
people, like an individual, hold their breath in
suspense, anxiously awaiting the issue of events.
There are critical periods, which, like night, in-
tervene between successive days, and mark the
destiny and the history of a people. The excite-
ment prevailing in the public mind throughout
this country, the manifestation of interest both
here and elsewhere, admonish us that this, per-
haps, is such an occasion. Nor does this excite-
ment and this profound agitation of the public
mind arise from the simple question of the organ-
ization of this Plouse; nor from the publication
and circulation of an incendiary„pamphlet; nor,
sir, except in a modified degree, from the murder-
ous incursion which was recently made into the
Commonwealth of Virginia. These are but scenes
in the act of a general drama, incidents of a prin-
ciple, the rcvel^jjons, more or less shadowy, of
a purpose. The real cause of the agitation in the
public mind, the radix of the excitement, is the
anti-slavery sentiment of the North—the convic-
tion that property in man is a sin and a crime;
that the African is the equal of the white man;
that lie is a citizen of the United States, and that
he is entitled to the privileges and immunities of
other citizens. Throw over it whatever disguises
we may, and whatever may be the immediate
action superinducing this question, here is the
secret of the agitation, and here is the cause of
our differences. This is the general classifica-
tion, in which there are modifications of opinion
and gradations of sentiment; perhaps, on the one
extreme, in the maximum, is William Lloyd Gar-
rison; and on the other, in the minimum, is the
distinguished Representative from Ohio, [Mr.
Corwix.]
In the cxcrcise of that charity which rejoiceth
in the truth, I do not propose to hold the Repub-
lican party responsible for the excesses which
have been committed by all men holding anti-sla-
very opinions. I do not propose to charge any
personal complicity with John Brown, because,
from the bottom of my heart, I do acquit them
from all connection with that raid which was made
into Virginia. 1 go further, and say that I will
accept the pieawhich has been interposed by your
attorney of record and your spokesman, and will
allow the mantle of ignorance to cover your rec-
ommendation of an incendiary pamphlet. I pro-
pose, if I can, to follow the example set me by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] and so
far as I am able, with my limited capacity, to rise
to the height of this great argument, and treat it
* For the original leport, see page 94 Cong. Globe.
