1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
in question anything the gentleman has said; but
he arraigns me for having supported Mr. Fillmore,
with him, in 1848.
Mr. HILL, i protest against the language the
gentleman uses. It is not an arraignment I make,
but a mere refresher of his mind of the fact. I
think he did excellently well, and I wish he would
do as well again.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, he not only
arraigns mc, but he refreshes me; and I suppose
he does it because I refreshed him; it was because
I have shown that the man he and I supported for
Vice President m 1848, and whom he supported
for President in 1856, has spent his wholc'lifo m
warring upon the constitutional rights of the
South. The gentleman says I must have made a
very bad mistake m 1848. Yes, sir: but I did not
make that more direful mistake in 1856. Mr.
Fillmore, in 1848, was at the tail of the ticket.
Geneial Taylor was at the head of it. He was
fresh from the glorious battle-fields of the Mexi-
can war; he was a southern man, and deeply in-
terested in the people of the South. Wo did not
expect the President to die: but lot mo tell the gen-
tleman from Georgia to go back to my State, and
look up the record, and he will find that I de-
nounced Mr. Fillmore for Ins principles, but that
I said to my people that I voted for him in order
to elect General .Taylor President of the United
States. Go back to Georgia, and wake up the
echoes yet resounding with the speeches I made
then in defense of the South, and he will find that
I then denounced Mr. Fillmore, m 1848, just as I
do to-day. But Mr. Fillmore was not at the head
of the ticket, and we had General Cass presented
by the other side, who held, as we said in Geor-
gia, to this principle of squatter sovereignty.
Mr. HILL. And I am with you vet on thnt.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes; and it would have
been better to-iiay did you stand shoulder to
shoulder and vote with me m this House. 1 am
ready to meet my whole record—all of it, and at
all times.
Mr. HILL. I deshe to say a word.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman says he
wants to make a reply. I hope I have said nothing
offensive.
Mr HILL. After the high-wrought eulogy of
my friend upon the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and his
animadversion upon the compromise of 1820,
known as the Missouri compromise, I beg leave
to say that, although I would not have voted for
that measure myself, and have repeatedly, on all oc-
casions when I hav spoken of it, so declared, and
though 1 regard it as an extra-constitutional meas-
ure, yet it should be remembered m extenuation,
that President Monroe was a Virginia President
—a slavcholdmg President; that he submitted that
measure to his Cabinet seriously, before he ap-
proved the bill; that m that Cabinet sat John C.
Calhoun and William H. Crawford, two of the
greatest lights of the then Republican party of the
country; that the measure was not assailed during
the succeeding four years of Mr. Monroe's ad-
ministration ; that it passed peacefully through the
- four years of Mr. Adams's administration: and
that, daring the eight years of General Jackson's
administration, no voice came from the South to
demand the repeal of this obnoxious statute.
There stood then at the head of your Govern-
ment the sage of the Hermitage, devoted as he
was to southern interests and everythingnational;
and yet he never suggested to the Congress of the
United States, with the large, sweeping majority
he had in both Houses, the propriety of repeal-
ing that measure. It did occur to mc, as it did to
General Cass, that, as it had stood so long, though
I would not have voted for it myself, time had
rather consecrated it as a national measure, and it
would have been best not to disturb it. This is
all 1 have to say m reference to it. -
As to these reminiscences about the presidential
election of 1848, i say again that 1 revived them
in all kindness. I say I supported the Taylor and
Fillmore ticket with reluctance, but for very dif-
ferent reasons from those given by my colleague.
My reasons were that the Whig party had the
opportunity of renominating Henry Clay; and I
preferred defeat under his banner to success under
that of General Taylor. That was my attitude in
Georgia. 1 died very hard on the overthrow of
Mr. Clay. When I saw the course which my
State took, I refused to attend the State conven-
tion to appoint delegates; and I have never ceased
regretting that Mr. Clay was not nominated.
When the gentleman says that Mr. Fillmore was
the tail of the tickct, I think he will at least
admit that, as far as administrative ability-went,
nearly all of it resided in the tail on that occasion.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KE1TT. I do not mean to say ^pything
in arguendo on this matter; but I simply wish to
make this statement. My friend from Geoigia
[Mr, Hill] quotes Mr Calhoun as in favor of
the constitutionality of the Missouri line. In that
the gentleman is mistaken. It did pass during the
administration of Mr. Monroe; and Mr. Calhoun
was in Mr. Monroe's Cabinet; but that is no proof
that Mr. Calhoun was in favor of its constitution-
ality. The only ground on which that statement
has ever been made rests, I believe, on an extract
from the diary of John journey Adams, published
twenty or twenty-five years after this transaction.
The moment it was published,and attention was
called to it, Mr. Calhoun, in the Senate, positively
and specifically denied it.
Now, a diary is very good authority against
: the man who keeps it; but it is no authority what-
ever against other individuals implicated. Mr.
Calhoun's denied is itself sufficient. I do not mean
to say how far it implicates Mr. Adams. I do
know that, in 1803, pending the institution of a
government over the Territory of Louisiana, he
demed that any power did exist m the Govern-
ment to legislate whatever m the matter. Whether
he subsequently changed his opinion, 1 do not
know, and, so far as I am conccrned, it is en-
tirely immaterial. Some time ago, before the
death of Mr. Calhoun, I recorded a letter from him
—which I have never made public—in which he
stated directly, positively, and in so many words,
that, in his judgment, the Missouri line was not
constitutional.
Mr. HILL. I am obliged to the gentleman
from fc>outii Carolina for his statement, because
no man regards with more reverence than I do the
; memory of Mr. Calhoun. We were natives of the
! same distiict; and 1 was taught from my infancy
! to regard lum as one of the  rcai spirits of the
; nation. One fact, however, is well established:
i Whether Mr. Calhoun concurred or not with the
j President in his approval of the Missouri com-
: promise, it ccrtainly did not estrange him from
PresidentMonroe,because he continued to occupy
his seat in that Cabinet. And what I have stated
is ccrtainly true, that there were no efforts to re-
\ peal the Missouri compromise made till the Kan-
| sas-Nebraska bill was'introduced; and it was then
I made by a Whig member uf the Senate, and for
! causes, perhaps, that the nation is not informed
! of up to this day.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman under-
' takes to break the foree of the point which 1 made
! upon him—that he would not have voted for the
I repeal of that unconstitutional statute, so degrad-
! ing to the South, so insulting to her honor and
' her dignity, and so violative of the Constitution
of the United States—by stating that Mr. Mon-
j, roe did not veto the bill; that General Jackson did
j] not recommend its repeal; that Mr. Van Burcn
j: did not: that Mr. Polk did not; and that it was
|j reserved till the sessions of 1850 and 1854, under
i| Fillmore and Pierce, for that proposition to be
|! made. The answer to thnt is easily made. It
was expected then—they expected it, I expected
il it, Mr. Monroe expected it, General jackson ex-
;j pected it,and Mr. Polk expected—that thatMis-
II souri line should be extended to the Pacific ocean,
. j till it became manifest that the people of the North
!' did not intend to do it. The people of the North
j j intended to hold on to it just as long as it worked
Ij to their interests, to the development of their in-
j stitutions, and to the destruction of ours; and the
j; people of the South were thrown on their rights.
!j Your Whig friends at the North had manifested
11 in a body their determination not to extend the
|| line to the Pacific ocean. Then it was that the
\\ South planted herself on the glorious Constitution
ji of the country, and demanded that the constitu-
ii tional principle of non-interference should bo es-
;i tabhshed; and that the Missouri compromise
ij should be repealed, not only by implication, but
;! by express terms. And you say you would never
have voted for the repeal of that odious, unjust,
ij unconstitutional restriction on the rights of the
i] South.
j Mr PULL. Will my colleague allow me 
;! Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I must close.
I have said nothing personally offensive to my
colleague. I am the best-natured man in the
world, except my honorable friend. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I ask my colleague if the propo-
sition to repeal the Missouri compromise origin-
ated with the Democratic party ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My recollection is, that
it came from Senator Dixon, of Kentucky, a
southern Whig; and you quit him. Now, what"
do you say to that?
Mr. HILL. Does not my friend know that the
report of Judge Douglas accompanying the bill
pretermitted the expression of an opinion as to
whether the legislation of 1850 had operated as a
repeal of the Missouri compromise—that point
remaining unsettled in the minds of the support-
ers of the compromise measures?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know, sir. X
decline to answer, because I do not know whether
it did or not. Now, Mr. Clerk, I want to ask my
colleague question.
Mr. HILL. I shall answer it with pleasure.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Do you believe the
Missouri restriction was unconstitutional*
Mr. HILL. I do not believe it was constitu-
tional.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You then believe that
it was unconstitutional?
Mr. HILL. 1 say, 1 do not believe that it was
constitutional. I have said so in my speeches; 1
have said that it was an extra-constitutional meas-
ure; and the reason why I use the word " cxtr^-
constitutional*- is, because I think that very little
of our legislation, in reference to the Territories,
is derivable from the Constitution at all.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the gentleman for
a definite, authoritative answer. I repeat the ques-
tion. Do you believe the establishment of the
Missouri restriction of 1830 was unconstitutional ?
Mr. iliLL. I have said that it was not war-
ranted by the Constitution; and so believing, I
have always said 1 would not have voted for it;
and I said so before the Supreme Court of the
United States pronounced the Dred Scott decision.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now,Mr. Cerk, I hope
we have gone through with that matter. It will
be seen now that it is impossible for a young mem-
ber like myself to make a speech in this House
without interruptions. I thought I could do so.
I had prepared my speech, and intended to go
through with it without interruption; but I see
it is impossible. Thcie is nothing in it that is
personally offensive; but it is impossible to get
through. I am not responsible for these delays,
and now, sir, I will go on regularly.
Well, sir, in this juncture of affairs, at the time
the people of the South were about to be a unit,
the American party appeared in our midst, and to
some extent, with reference to other issues, the
people were again divided into parties; and the
contest of 1855 will long be remembered in our
State as cne of the most fierce and bitter partisan
contests ever waged in that good old State. And
thus the people were kept divided. Another ques-
tion arose, involving the equality of the South in
the Union. Kansas applied for admission as a
State into the Union, with a constitution estab-
lishing and protecting slavery to Ivr limits; and
if the South had then been united, Kansas to-
day would have been a slave State in the Union, if
the whole delegation had been Democratic, from
the South. There were enough sound, reliable
men, Democrats,from the North, to*have passed
the bill; but, unfortunately for the South, enough
South Americans were found m the House to de-
feat the bill. I do not mean that all tiie South
Americans voted against the admission of Kansas
under the Lccompton constitution. My recollec-
tion is that one from Georgia voted for the bill,
[Mr. Trippc,] and the other [Mr. Hill] was
paired off with an opponent of the bill; which
was equivalent to voting for it. The people of
the South will thus see the importance of uhity.
1 repeat, every Democrat from the South voted
for it, and enough from the North,if all the South
Americans had supported it, to pass the bill; and
no man from the North voted for the bill, of any
party, except Democrats, in either House of Con-
gress. There were enough m the Senate in favor
of the bill to pass it. The President was in favor
of the admission of the State, and so was the Sen-
ate. It was defeated m the House by the whole
vote of the Black Republican party, and a few
South Americans, perhaps six, and a few Demo
