1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
exercisc," Sir, I accept the issue, and will here-
after consider it more particularly- m reference to
its principle. But the Senator, like most of the
members of his party, who are also members of
this body, professes great reverence for the mem-
ory and labors of the fathers. I wish to cite the
opinions of one of those fathers in reference to
this issue of 3820, which is said to be the issue of
1860; and of one for whose opinions upon the sub-
ject of slavery some of our opponents have ex-
pressed unbounded admiration. In the retirement
of private life, and in the vcnerableness of declin-
ing years, lived Thomas Jefferson at Monticcllo,
in his own native and loved Virginia, when the
controversy of 1819 and 1820 startled the coun-
try from its comparative repose. His hand had
drafted the Declaration of Independence. lie had
been a chief in establishing the principles and pol-
icy of the infant Republic. He was now awaiting;
his summons to the spirit land. He was " origin-
ally opposed," remarks his biographer, " to the
slavery restriction clause of the bill, and equally
so to the establishment of the ' Missouri com-
promise biil,'asit wascalled." Instead of regard-
ing the efforts of those who opposed the admis-
sion into the Union with favor, and approving their
motives, he readily apprehended, and promptly
exposed, their true designs. In a letter to C. C.
Cabell, dated January 22, 1820, he thus declares:
"The Missouri question Ls for powei."
Again, in a letter to H. Nelson, dated March
12, he says:
"I thank you, dear sir. for the information, in your favor
of the 4th instant, ot' the hcttlcment for the: present of the
Mlssouti question. I am s>o completely withdrawn from
all attention to public matters, that nothing less could
arouse me than the rfefin.iion of a jieoyiaphical line which,
on an abstract pi maple, is to become the line of reparation
ot'theM' States, and to lender dopeiatc the hope that man
can ever enjoy the two ble.-^ini^ of peace and beif-govem-
ment. The question sleep  for the piusent, but is nor dead."
Again, m his letter to Mark Langdon Hill,
April 5, of the same year, lie says:
ui coi)<,rr.itulaio you on tin: sleep of the Missouri ques-
tion. i wish 1 could --ay oa its death; bur of this 1 de.-pair.
The idea of a £eo<jiaphieal line once nu^c-ted, will btood
iri the immK df ail tho-e who pief'er the gratification of
their ungovernable passion^ to the peace and union ot their
country."
In a letter to William Short, of the 13th of April,
he observes:
Although f had laid down as a law to myself never to
write, talk, or even think of politics; to know nothing of
publ.e aflans, and therefore had ceased to lead new-vpa-
pets, yet the Missouri question amused and tilled mo with
alarm*. The old s-rhu-m of Fedeia! and Kepuhiicart threat-
ened nothing, hcainc it rj-istcd in every State, and united
them together by tin; fiau-imsm of p.uty. lint the coinci-
dence of ;mnikedpiiiH'iple, nmial and political, with a<*eo-
•iraphiea! line once eonccned, I ]e.u wonkl novci moie be
obliterated Iroin the mind; that it would be iecurrm<i oti
every occ;iM<>n, and renewing nutations until Jt would
kindle such mutual and mortal hanert as to tender sep.ua-
tiou piefetable to eternal dneoid. 1 have been among the
in(M sanguine in behevmg that our Union would be ot long
duration. [ nou doubt it much, and see the event at no
grer t distance, and the duectuou'-cijuenceot this question,
not bj the line winch has been ^o eonfidently counted on—
the law* of nature contiol this—but by the Potomac, Ohio,
Missouri, or more probablythe Mi^i^ippi, upwards to our
northern boundary. My only comlort and confidence i*,
that 1 shall not live tor-ee tlus: and 1 envy not the present
generation the glory of throwing away the limt- of their
lathers1 t-acimces of life and foitune, and ot tendering des-
perate the experiment which wa« to decide ultimately
whether man is capable of self-government. This treason
against human hope will signalize their epoch mfatuie
history as the counterpart of the modal of tjieu piedeces-
sors."
And in his celebrated letter to John Holmes,
which has heretofore been cited m this Chamber
by opposition Senators, he says:
,c I thank }ou, deai sn,for the copy you have been ro
kind as to -end me ol the lettei to ytnii constituents on the
Missouri question. Ft i« a peiiW-r justifn atlon f> them. I
had for a long time ceased to read newspaper-,, or pay any
attention to public affairs, confident tiuv we;e in'good
hand--, and eonient to be a pa^sengei in oui bntk to the thoie
from which f ain not distant But tlu* momuntou.- ques-
tion, like a fire-bell m the night, awakened and filled me
with tenor. 1 considered it at once as the knell of the
Union. ItiR hushed, indeed, foi the moment; but this is
a Reprieve only, not a linal sentence. A geographical lino
mark it deeper and deeper.1
And again:
" Of one thing I am certain: that as the passage of slaves
from one rirate to another would not make a slave of a sin-
gle human being who would not be so without it, so their
diffUMou <>v er a clearer surface would make them individ-
ually happier, andpiopoitionallytacihtate the accomplish-
ment of their emancipation by dividing the burden on a
greater number of coadjutors. An abstinence, too, from
this act of power would remove the jealousy excited by the
undertaking of Congre^" to regulate the condition of the
diifeient descriptions of men oompo^mg a State. This, cer-
tainly is the exclusive right of every State, which nothing
In the Constitution has taken from'them and given to the
General Government." y v * ~ * *
" I regret that I am now to die In thebclief that the use-
less sacrifice of themselves by the generation of 1776, to
acquire self-government and happiness to their country,is
to be thrown away by the unwise and unworthy passions
of their sons; and that my only consolation is to be, tli£t I
live not to weep over it. If they would hut dispassionately
weigh the blessings they will throw away against an ab-
stract principle, mote likelyto be effected by union than by
scission, they would pause before they would peipetrate
this act of suicide on themselves, and ot treason against the
bopeti ot the world."
But I will notmultiply quotations. These suffi-
ciently show the motives of those who caused the
" Union to reel" in 1820. It was the thirst for
power; not the promptings of philanthropy or the
love of freedom. "The question sleeps,5* says
Jelterson, "it is not dead," " This is only a re-
prieve, not a final sentence." Subsequent events
proved his opinions to be prophecies. Miscalled
a compromise, it was never observed nor intended
to be observed by those who extorted it. The
possession of present power never gratifies; it
must continue, expand, and be perpetual. Hence,
aggression is its handmaid; injustice and oppres-
sion its agencies.
This murh-talked-of compromise proved to be
no compromise at all*. Why not; and who are
responsible therefor ? Even the Senator from
New York, in his arraignment of the Democratic
party at Rochester, unintentionally, it is true, but
in fact, absolves it, and admits its enemies to bo
responsible for whatever of excitement and of
agitation has existed upon this subject. Hear
him. lie says:
^Fiom 1838 to 18M, the subject of abolishing slavery in
the DNtiicr of Columbia, and in the national dock-yank
and arsenals, y.as biought before Congievs by i-^peat-'d ap-'
peaK The Demociatic parly thereupon promptly denied
the right ot petition.''
Who was it, then, that renewed the slavery
agitation; who were unwillmgto let things remain
as the fathers left them; who, from 1838 to i814,
were making their appeals to the national Con-
gress to legislate further, notwithstanding the Mis-
souri compromise, upon the subject of slavery ?
Was it the Democratic party ? Assuredly not, if
the Senator from New York is a credible witness.
They only refused to legislate upon this exciting
subject when called upon to do so, agamstthe faith
of compromises, the guarantees of the Constitu-
tion, and the peace of the country, by nnti-&Lt\cry
agitators, who had no possible practical interest
in the legislation they demanded., Again, says
the Senator:
"From 1810 to 18*13,pood and wise men counseled that
Texas should lemam outside of the Union until she should
consent, to leliuquish het seli-instituted slaver}
and charges that the Democratic party precip-
itated her admission into the Union. This is only
additional evidence that, upon every occasion
when the subject of domestic slavery has awak-
ened excitement either in or out of Congress,
such excitement has been produced, not by the
Democratic party, but its enemies. They have
invoked the action of Congress for its suppression
in the ouginal Territories; they have opposed the
acquisition of other tenitory, unless the people
thereof would abandon their own domestic insti-
tutions, and allow the anti-slavery sentiment of the
country to say what those institutions should be.
Again, when we acquiteu our Mexican posses-
sions, what occasioned the excitement then ex-
istent in the country? The attempt not to legislate
slavery info, but to exclude slavery therefrom;
to prevent its going there; to determine in ad-
vance what the domestic institutions of a distant
people should be; to determine these matters for
them, and not allow them to determine them for
themselves. When, for the purpose of preventing
excitement and sectional leeling upon this subject,
propositions have been made in Congress by Dem-
ocratic members to extend the Missouri compro-
mise line to the Pacific ocean, the propositions
have invariably been opposed by these pretended
friends of that compromise, but real disturbers of
the public peace.
I will not dwell upon the history of the com-
promise measures of 1850. How intense was the
excitement, how bitter the controversy, is already
but too familiarly known. If by their adoption,
the storm was apparently for a time allayed, it
was soon to be revived, with far greater intensity;
to grow and swell until the "Union was indeed
to reel under the vehemence of the grcatdebatc."
The passage by Congress of the fugitive slave
law, as one of those measures to carry more fully
into effect the great constitutional compact entered
into by our fathers, was seized upon by designing
men as a pretext for popular appeal to a blind and
fanatical spirit, pervading too much the groat
northern portion of our country. Men of extreme
views and unbounded personal ambition, unwill-
ing to bide their time, perceived in this spirit an
engine of political power, and a means, if it could
be made available, of displacing the more conserv-
ative men in the free States; and when Congress,
finally, in establishing the Territories ot Kansas
and Nebraska, repealed a former unconstitutional
act, the occasion was too opportune for the pur-
poses of sectional agitation to be left unimproved
by personal ambition. State after State attempted
by its legislation to nullify the fugitive slave law;
and a great sectional party arose, relying solely
for success upon the superior strength of section
over section, waging a political warfare, which,
for virulence of feeling and bittencss of speech, is
scarcely equaled in the history of partisan strug-
gles in this or any other civilized country, cither
m ancient or modern times. Having selected an
adventurer as their standard-bearer, they enter the
contest of 185G, the assumed representatives of the
philanthropy, morality, civilization, and Chris-
tianity of the age; ancl with scarcely a friend or
follower in fifteen States of the Union, they emerge
fjom the conflict self-surprised at their almost
triumphant success. Upon the distant plains of
Kansas they placed in the hands of their mad-
dened followers the deadly rifle for the destruction
of its peaceful inhabitants, and echoed far, far
away towards the setting sun the impious senti-
ment, fallen from the lips of a degraded priest-
hood, that in life's civilization, the rifle is more
efficient and more pleasing in the sight of the Al-
mighty than His own most Iloly Woid. Strug-
gling for place and power, they have told their
deluded followers, that m God's law, and in the
Declaration of American Independence, it is writ-
ten that all men are created free and equal, and that
neither the arbitrary regulations of political com-
munities nor the constitutions of civilized States
can interpose rightful barriers to the inalienable
lights of man.
There is one listens to their teachings} believes
in their principles, and resolves to carry them out
to their logical conclusions. John Brown, m the
privacy suited to the accomplishment of a desperate
purpose, collects his meager but determined forces,
nml goes forth upon his mission to free the slave,
even by the murder of his master. The stillness
of a Sabbath s night is chosen for the accomplish-
ment of the hellish deed, and ere the morning sun
relumes the heavens, quiet and peaceful citizens
sleep the last cold sleep of death. And where
did all this occur? Almost in sight of the spot
where repose the ashes of him whose hand drafted
the declaration of a nation's independence; of
h:m who made that declaration good by leading
the infant armies of his country forth in glomus
and successful war; and of him who, of ail men,
did most to frame that, bond of Union—the Con-
stitution of his country—which made the people
of this land one in interest, one in right, and one
m destiny. As the dread news is borne along, the
mother clasps her unconscious infant more closely
to her bosom, and the manly father girds himself for
the' defense of his country and lu's home. The in-
vader, the murderer, and the traitor is seized, and
awaits in a felon's ccll the execution of the law's
dccree. Sympathizing messages are borne to him
from sympathizing spirits far away, reminding
him of his glorious fate, and still more glorious
future historic name. Even Senators, while dis-
approving of the act, avow the sympathy of their
people for the qualities of the felon hero; and a
powerful press, the general representative of Re-
publican principles, declares that 3 ohn Brown will
hereafter be regarded as the most glorious martyr
in the history of niaityroiogy. Tho whole land
has been convulsed. The {Senate of the United
States is divided, as if by a hostile line, and those
on either side regard each other as common foes.
Can these things be, and this Union stand ? If
the American people are wise, they will deeply
ponder this question.
In tracing the history and causes of political
events, I have indicated my views m referenceto
