2426
THE CON*G EESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
chial authorities, which we call there parish juries,
a/e authorized by law, whenever an inhabitant
does not keep up his levee, to have it made at his
expense and charge him for it; and if he does not
pay forit,his land is sold for keeping up the levee.
One man 5s negligence cannot put in jeopardy the
• property of an entire section of country. That
was the case in these early times. St. Maxent
died and his levee was not made. What occurred ?
Application was made to the intendant general
of the province, who was the chief justice of the
province, for proceedings for the sale of Gilbert
St. Maxcnt's tract of land. He ordered it sold
upon advertisement. By law in Louisiana, (and
that is the law also to this day, and was in 1778
and 1780,) when property is to be sold by order
of a court of justice to'satisfy a claim of any kind,
it is first appraised. It is sold for cash if it can
be sold for two thirds of the appraisement. If it
docs not reach two thirds of the appraisement, it
is then resold upon a credit of twelve months.
That is the way we recover on execution of lands,
to this hour, m Louisiana. "We cannot sell the
land for cash if it docs not bring two thirds of its
appraised value. Now, the application was made to
the intendant general of the province, Don Ventura
Morales. And who was he? If my friend from
Georgia will look at the second volume of White's
Itecopilacion, he will find that Don Ventura Mo-
rales was sent out by the Government of Spain as
intendant general of the province, with an exclu-
sive power over tho public lands; power to give
them away, and to dispose of them as he pleased,
to the exclusion of the Governors and other local
authorities. That was the man that was in power
when St. Maxent died.
St. Maxent died in the possession of a portion
of this Houmas grant. A petition was sent to
this man in power, with entire despotic control of
the colony, for the sale of that tract of land. It
was appraised at $4,000. It was offered for sale.
Nobody bids two thirds of the appraised value*
whereupon a petition is presented to this intend-
ant, informing him that no man has bid two thirds
of the appraised value for this tract of land, be-
cause the people, in general, arc ignorant of its
very great depth. The petition states to this in-
tendant of the sovereign that this land is more
than four leagues m depth; asks the intendant io
give an order, that the people all about may be
advertised by criers and other advertisements, and
public announcements in the churches? on Sun-
day, that this land is more than four leagues in
depth; so that, when the sale conies on" again,
there may bo competition for it at a price pro-
portioned to its true value, and its -very great
depth. What docs the Governor do? He orders
the land to bo advertised, as having more than four
leagues in depth, he having the control of the
whole public domain, with power to give it away
if he pleases. He examines this land, and says
it is more than four leagues in depth, and orders*
it to bo advertised and sold, as having that great
depth. Under that advertisement and that sale,
that land was held under judicial advertisement—
a sale by the tribunals of justice of the Spanish
authorities, at a period before the date of the birth
of this Government; and it has passed from hand
to hand from that time until the year 1829 with-
out one solitary human individual ever breathing
a doubt as to the extent of that title. Let me read
a few passages from some of those old sales,
merely as antiquarian curiosities. Gentlemen may
feci this discussion somewhat relieved by having
some of them read. Here is an old-fashioned
auction sale in Louisiana:
"At La JFouichc of Cbctimachas parish of A^-c<"-n«ion,
and piovmcc of Loui-iana, on tin4- 12th day of August, 17fJ^,
I, Evan Jones, captain oi the regiment of the piovineial
militia ot iniautty ot the Gcitnan coast, and commandant
of the >aid di-trict. m oider to comply with, and execute,
the foregoing decree-'-*—
_ Which was the decree for the sale of this land,
signed by the intendant—
"went to the principal door of the church of the said
par^h, and at the cad of the llolv Mass, a considerable
number ot inhabitants and otheis bemg theie a^embled, I
have caused the common oricr, Baptist Ca-«cJon, to mtoim
the public, in a loud and distinct voice, that I wa^ going
immediately to proceed to the sale and final adjudication
to the highest bidder of the said land Mtuate at the Hou-
mas, belonging to the estate of the late Colonel Don An-
thony Gilbert de Maxent, measuiin^ twentv-mne nr-
pents in front, by the depth winch could be found, opening
about thirty-sjji degrees.''
That " depth which could be found" being the
common expression when the depth was not lim-
ited to go back to the survey which had been
upon the ground until you met a water-course
which made another front, or the limit of the
province, as the case might be. I will show that
presently, by a number of other surveys in the
province. Here goes on the auction sale:
"And thereupon, the said land having been cried in a loud
voice, and every person being invited to bid a price, the
sum of -SI, 100 was fir- t bid by Joseph Lnndrvs then that
ot §1,150 by Raymond Brand; that of ,$1,209 by Joseph
Landiy; that ot $1,300 by Raymond Brand; that of §1,400
by Paul Landry; that of £l,o00 by Raymond Brand; that
of ,550 by Joseph Landiy ; that of #1,600 by Raymond
Brand; that of $1,635 by Joseph Landry; that of §1,650 b.y
Louis Faure."
He stepped in at the last moment. He had not
been bidding against the others before; but the
land had been appraised at §2,400, and this $1,650
is a little over two thirds, $1,600 being two
thirds.
"And after several publications, and waiting for morg^-
than two houis without any person outbidding the said
Faure, 1 have adjudged, as I do adjudge finally and defini-
tively, the said land, With all its appuitenanccs whatever,
such as it is now, to the said Louis Fame and his heirs
forever, for the aforesaid sum of $1,650, which he has paid
cash into my hands."
Now, what was the advertisement issued by the
Government, on which that land was sold? What
is the advertisement by order of the Governor?
It appears that there were several things for sale.
The advertisement is in French. I only read that
part which has reference to this land:
" A piece of land, twenty-nine arpents in front by four
leagues m depth, situated twenty-fom leagues fiom Orleans
on the same side, in the place commonly called Houmas,
belonging to the estate ot the deceased Mr. Maxent, esti-
mated in his lnvcntoiy at $2,400, will be sold at public auc-
tion definitively, on the 13th of the prc&r nt month, at four
o'clock m the afternoon, at the intendant's office, to the
last and highest bidder."
Here is the Governor, the chi^f officer of the
province, with full powers over the public land,
committed by royal ordinance, having this land
sold at his own office under his own order, ad-
vertisements directed by him to be made, as hav-
ing a depth of four leagues—twelve miles. Now,
if you start at these cessions in tho neighborhood
of New Orleans, Lake Ponchartmin is only live
miles from New Oilcans, in a stiaight line, and
across towards the IBayou Manchac, the river
winds. It is a strip of land; nothing more. The
island of New Orleans sometimes widens and
sometimes narrows. At some places it is seven
or eight miles, and others, twelve and fifteen miles.
Mere it was stated to be four leagues; but when
we refer to the statement made in the will of St.
Maxent, when he died, he states that the land was
over four leagues in length.
Now, lest it should bo supposed that the Gov-
ernor or the intendant was surprised in any way
into a. statement that this depth was as great as it
is, I will read one other short document to the
Senate, conclusively showing that the parties in-
terested in the sale called his attention dnectly to
the subject, and it was by virtue of their petition
to him that he gave the order directing the land
to be sold to the depth of more than four leagues.
Here is tho petition of Peter De Maigny, Knight
of the Order of St. Louis, .syndic of the creditors
of the late Gilbert De St. Maxent, concerning the
proceedings had relative to the estate of St. Max-
ent. He states that:
" f say that iii conserjuencc'of the thirteenth clan-c of the
will of said rft. Maxent, which is at the folio 12 of
said proceedings, lie declared that the said plantation was
situated in the place called Houmiw, at about eighteen
leagues fiom this city; that ho had puieluwd u fiom
Maurice Conway, bv act passed in one ot the public offices
in this city, and that it measured eighteen aipent* liont
by upwaid's of loin leagues in depth ; that it was appraised
by tiuee appraiser^, as it nppc.ir.s at the folio eighty-eight
of'j-aai ptoeeeding^, at the Mim of $-{,500; and whereas
the sum which has bnen bid for it i  but'the half of the two
thirds, which at least it may be adjudged (or, and that per-
haps those inhabitants being ignorant of the depth belonging
to the said plantation, have not made the biddings accord
ing to the value which that depth must Rive it, \ou will
please cause an order to issue to the <?aid Michael Can-
irelle. containing this representation and your decree there-
on, and directing him to have the said plantation cued tor
sale until tlienumth of Auguhtncxt; to send circular letters
to the noiglihoi mi; po> ts ; to receive bidding* signed by the
bidders lesrpeetively, and informing every one of the depth
that belongs to the said plantation."
This is signed by Peter Marigny. What is the
decree of the Governor? " Let it be done as prayed
for*/' and then comes the order for the sale of this
land, with the depth of over four leagues; and
when the sale is made, it is described as having
a depth which can be found there; and finally,in
another deed, having a depth of four leagues, not
stating more.
Mr. BRAGG. What is the date of that ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The date of this petition to
the Governor? The date is not upon it. It is stated
to be at folio 276. There is an entry at folio 386
of the 6th of August, 1798; so that this was before
the 6th of August, *1798, or about that time. It
was in the proceedings of the sale of the estate of
Major St. Maxent. Now, Mr. President, what do
wc first find in this title under our own Govern-
ment? The Senator from Georgia, in his report,
states correctly: '
<c The first account we have of this claim under th|s Gov-
ernment was an application made by the claimant, about
the year 1804, to Governor Claiborne, of Louisiana, to have
the same surveyed."
That was the first heard of it under this Gov-
ernment, and for the best of reasons: nobody could
make any application to this Government about
anything before that year. In April, 1803, the
Emperor of the French had ceded Louisiana to
the United States. In October, 3803, Congress
passed an act providing for the taking possession
of the Territory. On the 20th of December, 1803,
General Wilkinson, in command of a detachment
of the American Army, and Governor Claiborne,
under a commission from Mr. Jefferson, entered
the city of New Orleans; and at twelve o'clock
on the 20th of December, 1803, tho silken folds of
the tri-colored* flag were hauled down, and the
American flag for the first time floated over th6
valley of the Mississippi west of the river—west
of thcTerritory of Florida, I should say; because
the island of New Orleans is just on the cast of
the river; but it was the token* of the taking pos-
session of the entire territory west of the river.
Congress, in its act of October 20,1803, sent out
Governor Claiborne there, with all the civil and
military powers held by the-previous Govern-
ors, to go with such instructions as the President
might issue, of course without power—I do not
pretend for an instant with any power—to grant
land, but to do all administrative acts, such as
previous Governors would have done. What oc-
curred? He got there in December, 1S03. In 1804
—1 have not the precise date before me—the par-
ties who had bought these lands from the original
grantee, boughtthem withthisdepth—fortheprop-
erty had changed hands half a dozen times whilst
the country was under Spanish dominion—pre-
sented their petition to Governor Claiborne, as
vested with tho administrativepowcrs of the Span-
ish Governors, and begged him to appoint a sur-
veyor to survey their lands, in order that they
might have no trouble with their neighbors, and
to have their neighbors brought in, in order that
the lines might be contradictorily established
with the neighbors. Governor Claiborne gave the
order, requesting the neighboring proprietors to
come in and be present at the survey of these
lands; and the survey was made under his order,
with the depth running back to the lake; no word
of objection anywhere; no neighboring proprie-
tor opposing; but, in the primitive language of the
times, the neighboring proprietors, on the con-
trary, assenting. What next? Congress passed
a law in 1805 providing for the^ establishment of
a board of commissioners, and inviting every in-
habitant of Louisiana, who had a complete Span-
ish title, to present his title to that board for ex-
amination and adjudication, Congress directing
that the report of the board should be brought
here for its own final decision.
Now, my friend from Georgia makes another
grievous error to the prejudice of these claimants
just hero. Ho says:
"No officer or agent of the Government, cxcept two of
the commissioneis appointed under the act of 180.), ever
acknowledged the grant to the extent ci.nmed."
My friend is entirely mistaken. First, this re-
port that is printed in the land laws was signed
by three commissioners, one of whom, Mr. Rob-
ertson, says that the claim had been confirmed
before he became a member of the board; and
that, so far as he, a commissioner who had no
authority to look info it, had any authority, he
dissented. But let me show my friend that the
year before these claims had been confirmed unan-
imously by a different board of commissioners:
" Land Office, New Orleans, May 1, I860.
"I hereby certify that, in virtue of my office of legistei of
the land oftice, I have in mj chnige the book of minutes
of the boord of commissioners appointed in pursuance of
