1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKRES^IONAL GLOBE.
4k
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Progress of Anti-8laveryism■—Mr. Curry.
Ho. of Beps,
Mr. KILGORE. We would not interfere at
all with the present relations of slavery m the slave
States.
Mr. CUKRY. In the free States no legislation
would be necessary, but would you not in those
States which have been acquired since the forma-
tion of the Government? I believe a distinction
is made between the old thirteen States and those
formed out of territory acquired since the Revolu-
tion . I ask gentlemen ,'and I know their senti-
ments on the subject, for their political platform
avows them, whether they would not, by act of
Congress, abolish slavery in the Territories of
this country? If a State were formed out of ter-
ritory north or south of the Missouri line of 36°
30', and a slave constitution presented, would
gentlemen vote for its admission? I know that a
colleague of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kilgore,] and five or six others, during the last
Congress, stated that they would not; and Ohio,
Vermont, and other States have instructed their
Senators not to vote for the admission of slave-
holding States into the Union. I put it to you,
and press it upon the attention of the country,
whether, if by the agencies of this Government
you were to cripple and confine us within grad-
ually narrowing limits, we would not then be re-
duced to subjection to the negro, or forced to fly
from the country of our residence? These arc
your avowed opinions in the newspapers, in your
official organ, and uttered by Representatives in
Congress, and yet I am gravely told that wc are
to dismiss our apprehensions and entertain no
fear as to the conscquences.
The vitalizing, animating principle of the Re-
publican party is hostility to slavery. Extension
of slavery into the Territories, a gentleman says.
I accept the suggestion; but will demonstrate, be-
fore I get through, that it has a nearer application
to us than that. For the present, I say that the
vital, animating principle of the Republican party
is aggressive hostility to the extension of slavery
into the Territories. That is the ligament which
binds the heterogeneous compound together.
Without it, it would fall to pieces of its own
weight, or be disintegrated from want of coher-
ence and harmony. What does Mr. Seward say ?
I use his name, for he is a representative man,
and because his opinions have not been disa-
vowed. He says that, while we leave slavery to
the States where it exists—just the sentiment
expressed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] the other day—we should inflexibly
direct the policy of this Federal Government so
as to circumscribe its limits. Forwhat? Tosecure
its ultimate extinction. That is the object; by
confining us within this narrowing circle to secure
the abolition of slavery. You will not deny that
that is the purpose and effect of this agitation.
Governor Chase, who was a Senator once from
Ohio, and who is now, I think, the Governor of
that State—that Governor Chase, between whom
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] there
seems to have been a sort of fraternal and polit-
ical concord and alliance—in an address which lie
' delivered in Boston, says to Ins anti-slavery friends
that "we must see to it that the principles of free-
dom are made to animate every function of our
national Government, and every officer conncctcd
with its administration." Everything is to be made
subservient and auxiliary to this principle of ne-
gro freedom. The famous English test act, by
which a man was excluded from civil office unless
he partook of the sacrament after the manner of
the Church of England, is to be rcenacted, and
applied to the southern States. All who cannot
pronounce the shibboleth of Republicanism are to
be proscribed and banished from all influence in
our Government and Union. Non-slaveowners
and Republicans are to holdall the offices. Post-
masters, marshals, district attorneys, mail agents,
Federal judges, and all other officers, arc to be
controlled, according to Governor Chase, by this
principle of freedom. Such an expedient would
incapacitate southern men. The conscientious
and Constitution-loving would be excluded; the
unprincipled and the traitor would be appointed.
It would be as effectual as the penal code against
the Papists of Ireland, and every Federal office
would be effectually baried against a slaveholder.
The object is to divide the South into two distinct
bodies,' without interest, sympathy, or connec-
tion, and another Ireland is to be made on this side
of the ocean, with new parties of Orangemen and
Brunswickmen.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg]
stated that the object is to exert all the powers of
this Government to prevent the extension of sla-
very; and this Constitution, which was intended
to be our piotection and pur defense, is to bo made
the instrument of our oppression and the badge
of tyranny.
I have very summarily and briefly referred to
the opinions of the Republican party, the animat-
ing principle of that party, the sentiments which
they avow, and 'the consequences which must
inevitably follow from their assumption of the
reins of Government, if they be true to their prin-
ciples ar#l their avowals. 1 regained very much
to hear the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nel-
son] say, that the election of a man holding such
principles to the Presidency was not to bo resisted
by the South. During the canvass of 1856, Mr.
Fillmore, in a speech which he made at Albany,
after his return from Europe, used the following
language:
u Iiut, sir, what do we see? We see a political paity
presenting candidates for the Presidency and Viec Presi-
dency, selected for the first time from the free States alone,
with the avowed purpose of electing these candidate? by
suffrages of one part of the Union only, to rule over the
whole United States. Can it be possible that those who
are engaged in sueli a measure can have seriously reflected
upon the conscquences which must inevitably follow, in
case of success ? Can they have the madness or the folly
to believe that our southern brethren would submit to be
governed by sueli a Chief Magistrate ? Would he be re-
quired to follow the same rule prescribed by those who
elected him, m making lus appointments? If a man living
south of Mason and Dixon's line he not worth} to be Pies-
ulent or Vice President, would it be proper to seleet one
fiom the same quarter as one of his Cabinet council, or to
repiescMit the nation 111 a foreign countiv ? Or, indeed, to
collect the revenue, or administer the laws of the United
States? If not, what now rule is the President to adopt m
selecting incn for office, that the people themselves discaul
in selecting him ? Those are serious, but practical ques-
tions, and m order to appreciate them fully, it is only ne-
cessary to turn the tables upon ourselves. Suppose that the
South, having a majoi ify of the electoial votes, should de-
clare that they would only have slaveholder for Piesident
and Vice President, and should elect such by their exclusive
suffrages to rule over us at the North. I)o you think we
would submit to it? No ; not for a moment. And do you
believe that your southern brethren arc less sensitive on
this subject than you are, or less jealous of their rights ? If
you do, "let me tell you that Jou are mistaken. And, there-
fore, you must see that if this sectional party succeeds, it
leads inevitably to the destruction of this beautiful (aline,
reared by our foiefathcrs, cemented by their blood, and
bequeathed to us as a piieeless inheritance."
Such is the language of Mr. Fillmore, who had
been President of the United States, and who was
at that time a candidate for reelection. Now. sir,
however distasteful it may be to my friend from
, New York, [Mr. Clark,'] however much it may
| revolt the public sentiment or conscience of this
i country, 1 am not ashamed or afraid publicly to
1 avow, that the election of William H. SewaRd
! or Salmon P. Chase, or any such representative
i of the Republican party, upon a sectional plat-
! form, ought to be resisted to the disruption of
: every tie that binds this Confederacy together.*
] The " extreme medicine of the Constitution is
not to be made our daily food," and threats of
i dissolution have become impotent on account of
j their frequency. But the election of such a man,
1 with such sentiments, would indicate such hos-
tility to us as lo lie the assurance of our subjec-
j tion, and the evidence of an irreconcilable antag-
| onisui. It would be a great calamity, and to
1 submit to it would bo a calamity embittered by
; disgrace.
"Come the eleventh plague, rather than this should he;
Come, sink us l.itlierm the sea ;
Come lather pestilence and mow us down ;
Come God'> .--vvord, lather than our own ;
Let rafhei Roman conic azain ;
The Saxon, JVounan, 01 the Dane;
in all the ills we've ever bore,
Wo gneved, we <-ighod, wc wept, we never blushed be-
foie.'''
* In a very rccciunorthern book, written with some abil-
ity, aad exhibiting no partiality tor the South, which has
ju<t fallen into m\ liainu-, uc'iiif thi-* sentence:
It i-; a tact to be oonfionted and dealt with, that there
a body of men m the northern States, t'oimidable for its
number, wealth, social influence, political powei, talent*,
and zeal, wjlhng to diffuse among the negioes idea* and
aspirations inconsistent with their position as slaves; \\ til-
ing to afford them encouragement and sympathy, and th<*
expectation of suppoit, if not actual physical aid, in re-
sistance ami revolt. Thesemen are able, if they cannot be
checked, to defctioy the South—to destroy the nation.''
But we are told there are demonstrations at
present going on in the North in opposition to
this Republican party, and I find in these meetings
additional arguments to prove the positions which
I have been submitting. Edward Everett, the
author and the statesman, in his recent specch at
the Union meeting in Boston, assigns as a reason
for his abstinence from political action—
" Tliat, between the extremes of opinion that have long
distiacted and now threaten to convulse the country, I
find no middle ground of practical usefulness on, which a
friend of moderate counsels can stand."
Whatever may be his means of judging the
South,hcis surely acompetent and impartial judge
of northern sentiment. In the same meeting, Caleb
Cushing, late Attorney General, speaking of a re-
cent effort of his, says:
" I endeavored to show how a handful of talented but
misguided men m Massachusetts, animated by a mono-
mania of fanatical devotion to one single idea, had poisoned
the consciences and corrupted the judgment of too many
of our fellow-citizens in the Commonwealth. I showed
the nature and influence of their most malign teachings;
how ail party action in the North and South was running
in the channel of a despeiate and deplorable sectionalism,
and, more than all, in Massachusetts; that all political in-
fluence in this State was founded in hate, treacherous, fu-
rious, fiendish hate,'of our fellow-citizens m the southern
States."
This was spoken by a Massachusetts man, in
Faneuil Hall, and indorsed by a Massachusetts
audience.
These Union meetings that have been held in
the North arc referred to as evidence of a return-
ing sense of public justice. Now, Mr, Clerk,
while they may be demonstrations of a more or
i less gratifying character, yet these public declara-
tions commit to nothing. They are not the true
index of public opinion. The testof publicopin-
iou is the ballot-box. There is where I look to
ascertain the political sentiment of the North, and
1 find, deciding by that test, that New England
stands here to-day in one solid phalanx arrayed
against what I conceive to be the constitutional
rights of the South—that New York stands here
with but five or six Representatives who are dis-
posed to befriend us and our rights. The same is
true, to a greater or less extent, m regard to Penn-
sylvania and Ohio and other States of the Union.
The same is true in regard to their State organi-
zations. The elections are the evidence of popular
hostility, and I choose to look to them rather than
to exceptional results and individual expressions.
We also hear patriotic declamation and eloquent
vindication of the Union on this floor. Sir, they
arc the singing of Circe—1' thevoice of the charmer,
charming never so wisely," lulling the South's
suspicion asleep and deceiving the North in re-
gard to the stupendousness of the crisis that is on
us. If you arc in earnest in these declarations, if
these public meetings mean anything, show us the
fruit of your work; give us something practical,
substantial, and tangible. Will you go home and
repeal yourpersonal liberty bills,your habeas cor-
pus acts, your mandamus acts ? Will you execute
the fugitive slave law? Will you open your State
prisons for the safe keeping of those who are ar-
rested in compliance with the Constitution ? Will
you refuse contributions of money to circulate
| incendiary pamphlets at the South? Will you turn
: out of this Hall and the other end of the Capitol
! the men who come here to insult and stigmatize
j us, and who omit no possible occasion of keeping
I up sectional hostility and infringing on our rights
| and on the guarantees of the Constitution? Will
' you go home and say, as Charles James Fox, on
' a memorable occasion, "1 stand up for the Con-
stitution, not for the people: if the people attempt
[ to invade the Constitution they are enemies to the
i nation?" These will be some indications ofpub-
| lie opinion and some tests of a returning sense of
i public justice.
! Mr. Clerk, I should be doing injustice to myself,
' and to the constituents whom I represent, were X
i to deny that there exists a serious apprehension
i in their minds m regard to the consequences of
I this agitation. There are men in the South who,
| while they wish that the Government may con-
l tinue as prosperous and happy as it lias hitherto
! been, still recognize and acknowledge the fact that
! clouds and darkness are gathering over the future
ij which only the eye of the seer may be able to pen-
j! etrate. It is natural for them in that condition
ptobe casting about to ascertain where are their
