1860.
THE CONGKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
1483
the questions^ whether this Union is imperiled,
and what political party is responsible therefor?
But in criminality there may be degrees. The
man who has done more than any other to bring
this Union to the verge of dissolution, who has
most persistently uttered teachings and advised a
policy which inevitably tend to that result, is
now an aspirant for its highest honors. He re-
cently delivered a speech in this body, in which he
professed great respect fo r the principles and action
of the fathers of the Republic. In reference to
the difficulties they encountered in the formation
of the Constitution, he remarked:
u The fathers disagreed, debated long? and compromised
at last. Each State they determined shall have two Sen-
ators in Congress's three fifths of the slaves shall be else-
where represented, and be taxed as persons. What should
be done if the slave should escape into a labor State?
Should that State confess him to be a chattel, and restore
him as? such? 01 might it regard him as a person, and har-
bor and protect him as u man ? They compromised again,
and decided that 110 poison held to labor or service in one
State, by the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, by
any law or regulation of that State, be discharged fiom such
labor or service; but shall be delivered up, on claim, to the
person to whom such labor or service shall be due.'''
Well, sir, the Senator has furnished some mem-
orable illustrations of his very high regard for this
compromise and decision of the fatheis. History
tells us that the Senator was once Governor of the
State of New York, and that whilst he held that
position, three persons resident in that State were
charged on oath in the State of Virginia with hav-
ing feloniously stolen, taken, and carried away a
negro slave belonging to a citizen of Vhginia from
his possession; and upon this charge, a demand
was made by the Governor of Virginia upon the
Governor of New York for their surrender as fugi- !
tives from justice. The Governor at first attempts '
to find fault with the form of the affidavit; hutfinally I
meets the question boldly, and refuses compliance I
with a constitutional requirement. In his letter to !
the Governor of Virginia, he says: \
(i But it is by no means mv wish to piofiact unncco«- \
sarily the cojre:pomh'nee on this subiect. 01 to avoid a de- i
cib 1 () 11 upon the important pttnctple it involve* f beg ic-ive, i
tbciefoie, to state most re-.peetiully that even woie 1 toad- !
nnt that the affidavit was sufficient in form and substance j
to ehaigc the defi-nd,nits with the ei 1m1: of sto.ihni a negro
rUve from hi* mallei in the Mt;> of Viu'iniu, a- defried by :
the laws of that State, yet. m mv opinion, the offense is I
not within the meaning of the Constitution of the United
State*."
The reason for his opinion was, in substance,
that, inasmuch as the State of New Yoik was a
free State, slave stealing was no offense against |
her, and, there being no law in that State recog-
nizing slavery, her euizens could go into Virginia
and steal as many slaves as they pleased, and with
perfect impunity, if they were not overtaken by
the authorities of Virginia before they returned
to the sheltering bosom of New York and the pro-
tecting arm of her Constitution-loving Governor.
The provision of the Constitution is as follows:
"• A peii-on ciutifed in an> Stare with treason, feiony, or
other enmo, who s-hall lice in n justice and he found in
another State, shall,on demand 01'Uie executive authotitv
of the State jiom which.he fled, bf dchv< red up, to he ic- i
mov ed to the State havmy juu-ilnjiiou oi tin; ciime.'' 1
The absurdity of th«* proposition contended for
by the Governor of New York is this: that ac-
cording to it there can be no crime against the
sovereignty of Virginia within the meaning of the
Constitution which Now York declines by her
legislation to make a crime ac^inst her own sov-
ereignty; and therefore, if New York dcchnes to
make treason, felony, or other crime, punishable
within her junsdistion, there is no constitutional
obligation upon her to surrender fugitives from
justice from other States. But I will not argue
the proposition. This was only slave stealing,
and that, according to the political and moral ethics
of the Senator, may be a virtue, not a crime.
John Brown avowed, I believe, that his object
in his invasion of Viigmia was to carry olf slaves
—peaceably if not leaisced, forcibly only if op-
posed. Had he succeeded m his purpose without
bloodshed, and escaped to Ins home in New York
with all the-slaves of Virginia, what a fortunate
Governor for him would he have found m the
Senator from New York! Cut the Senator has
on another occasion expressed his devotion to the
compromises of the fatheis. He made a speech
in the State of Ohio, which has already been cited
against him this session. I quote from it only to
preserve the symmetry of his record for public
admiration. Hear him:
" The party of freedom seeks complete and universal
emancipation." k * x * * * *
" Slavery is the sin of not some of the States only, but of
them all; of not onenation only, but of all nations. It per-
verted and corrupted the moi dl sense of mankind deeply and
universally, and this corruption became a universal habit.
Habits of thought become fixed principles. No American
State has yet delivered itself entnely from these habits.
We, in New Yoik, are guilty of slavery still by withholding
the right of suffrage from the race we have emancipated^
You, in Ohio, are guilty in the same way by a system of
black laws still more aristocratic and odious. It is written
in the Constitution of the United States that five slaves shall
count equal to tlnee freemen as a basis of representation;
and it is written also, in violation of Divine law, that we
shall surrender the fugitive slave who takes refuge at our
fiieside from his relentless pursuer. You blush not at these
things, because they have become as familiar as household
words; and your pretended Free-Soil allies claim peculiar
merit for maintaining these miscalled guarantees of slavery
which they find in the national compact. Does not all this
prove that the Whig party have kept, up with the spirit of
the age? that it is a  true and faithful to human freedom as
the inert conscience of the American people will permit it
to be? What, then, (jousay,) can nothing be done for free-
dom because the public conscience remains meit? Yes,
much can be done ; eveivthing can be done. Slavery can
be limited to its present bounds. Itcan be amelioiated. It
can be and must be abolished, and you and I can and must
doit. The task u- simple and easj, ;us its consummation
will be beneficent and its lewards glorious. It requires
only to follow this simple rule of action: to do eveiywheie
and on every occasion what wc can, and not to neglect or
icfuse to do what we can at any time, because at that pre-
cise tune and on that paiticufar occasion we cannot do
more.
u Ciicuinstances determine possibilities." *
" But we mu*t bcain deeper and lower than the compo-
sition and combination of tactions or parties, wherein the
stiength and seeuiityof slaveiylie. You answer that itlics
in the Constitution of the United States and the constitu-
tions and laws ot' slnveholding States. Not at all. it is
m the cnoneous sentiment of the American people. Con-
stitutions and law* can 110 more rise above the vntue oi the
people than the limpid stream can climb above its native
spring. Inculcatc the love of freedom and the equal rights
of man under the paternal root; see to it that they are taught
m the school* ami in the churches ; lefonn jour own code,
extend a eoidial welcome to the fugiUve who lays hi* weary
limbs at your door, and defend lam as you would vour pa-
ternal gods: coneet your own eiror, that sl.ivery'has any
constitutional guarantee winch may not be rcleat-cd, and
ouirht not to be lehnguishod." > * * * *
" Whenever the public nnnd shall will the abolition of
blaven, the way will open for it.
u I know that you will tell me this is all too slow. Well,
then, go laster it jou can, and 1 will go with you."
Sir, John Brown did go faster. He went to
Virginia; and the Senator went to view the Pyr-
amids. Surely those who, in life, had been xo in-
timately associated in purpose, object, aim, hope,
in death should not have been divided.
I The Senator, when addressing the American*
Senate on the eve of a presidential election, when
he is aspiring to the highest office within the gift
of the people, when the public sense and feeling
of the country—North, South, £&st,and West—
have been shocked by the practicaH-esults of his
former teachings, and when rival aspirants of sup-
posed greater moderation of views in his own
party arc threatening him with defeat, can talk of
the compromises of the fathers in reference to do-
mestic slavery; but in addressing the masses of
Ohio those very compromises are the subject of
his ridicule. He exhorts them to " correct their
error that shivery has any constitutional guaran-
tee which may not be released, and which ought
not to be relinquished." He tells them that " it
is written m the Constitution of the United States
that live slaves shall count equal to three freemen
as a basis of representation; audit is written also,
in violation of Divine law, that we shall surrender
the fugitive slave who takes refuge at our fireside
from his relentless pursuers." He tells us that
the fathers agreed, by compromise, to these things,
and would have us believe that he consents to
them; but he tells the men of Ohio to " extend a
cordial welcome to the fugitive who lays his weary
limbs at your door, and defend him as you would
your paternal gods."
It is not slavery in the Territories that engages
his great thought's. It is .slavery as it is recog-
nized in the Constitution, and as it exists in the
States. This, he teils tliem," can and must be abol-
ished, and that he and thev can and must do it."
But, sir, had the recent speech of the Senator m
this body been one of definite positlonsin reference
to this subject, instead of being composed ofglit-
teiinggens'uliiies, vvls.it 1 chance could be placed
upon his fidelity to them, or of fidelity on the part
of those whom he represents, when lie himseli
has told us of the value of pledges, programmes,
and platforms ? Hear him in his celebrated irre-
pressible speech at Rochester. He says:
"One e!a&.s say that they cannot trust the Republican
party; that it has not avowed it  ho&tility to slavery boldly
enough, or its alfcction for ficedom earnestly enough. X ask,
in reply, i<? there any other party which can be more safely
trusted ? Every one knows that it is the Republican party
or none that shall displace the Democratic party. But I
answer further, that the character and fidelity of any party
are determined necessarily not by its pledges,programmes,
and platforms, but by the public exigencies, and the temper
of the people when they call It into activity."
Away, then, with pledges and platforms by such
a leader, and such a party! But, sir, the Senator
not only respects the compromises of the fathers,
but he reverences their memory. Hear him in his
polite " reply to the colored citizens of Albany,"
dated Auburn, January 10, 1843. He says: '
C( Gentlemen, if prejudice, interest, and passion did some-
times counsel nie that what seemed to be the rights of the
Aft lean iacc might be overlooked without compromise of
principle and even with personal advantage, yet £ never
have been able to find a better definition of equality than
that which 1* contained m the Declaration of Independ-
ence. or of justice, than the form which our religion
adopts. 1 f, as the former asserts, all men are bom free and
equal, institution^ which dcijy them equal political rights
and advantages aie uniust; and if i would do unto others
as 1 would desire them to do unto me, I should not deny
them any right on account of the huq they were, or of the
land in winch they or their ancestors were bom. Only
time can dctctimnc between those who have upheld and
those who have opposed the measures to which vou ha^e
adverted. But I feel cneomaged to wait that decision;
since, in the moment when, if evei, reproaches for in-
justice .should come, the exile does not reproach me, the
prisoner doe* not exult in iriy departure, and the disfran-
chised and the {.lave greet me with their salutations. And
if every other hope of my heait shall fail, the remembrance
that 1 have received the thank* of those who have just cause
to iqihraid the memory of our forefathers and to complain
of our eotemporaiies will satisiy me that 1 have not lived
altogether i*t vain.
" Mav that God whose impartial love knows no differ-
ence anions those to whom lie has imparted a portion of
Ilis own spirit, and upon whom He has impressed His own
image, 10 waid you for your kindness to rnc now and in times
pa«t, and--miction and blof-syour generous and noble efforts
to regain all the lights of which you have been deprived."
Go, now, Republicans, to your council-board at
Chicago; and when you have called your roll of
States, and no voice responds from those where
rest the ashes of Washington and Jefferson, of
Madison and Monroe, of Sumpter and Marion,
nominate as ruler of those subject provinces the
man who proclaims to the free negroes of the land
that they have just cause to upbraid the memory
of these illustrious dead, and perhaps their pa-
tient sons will tamely submit to the degrading
yoke.
Mr. President, I am no alarmist. 1 would not
unnecessarily indulge in forebodings of ill in ref-
erence to the future I come from a State which
was first to adopt the Constitution under which
wc live, and which will be the last,under any and
all circumstances, to abandon it. No son of hers
has ever proved disloyal to the Union of these
States, or breathed aught but hope that that Union
may be perpetual. But, sir, I cannot shut my
eyes to the alarming indications of the present,
any more than close my ears to the instructive but
warning voice that comes up from the incidents of
the recent past. If heretofore the darkened clouds
have at times swept furiously across our political
heavens, the storm has fortunately been spent in
air. But, sir, I sec the indications, the manifest
proofs of a gathering storm that shall shake terri-
bly this whole land. It was given to the prophetic
spirit of the Father of his Country to foresee and
warn his countrymen of its sure approach. A
geographical party has been formed, relying solely
for success upon the force and strength of sectional
numbers, denying the equality of the States of
this Union; proclaiming through its chief that
fifteen States of that Union have no constitutional
guarantees for their property and institutions,
"which cannot be released and ought not to be
relinquished."
This party is now rallying for the possession
of that power which will enable them to manifest
in act what they have proclaimed in word. It
carries a blood-stained flag, upon which is in-
scribed a motto new and terrible, but fitly express-
ive of its true designs. That motto is, " Lawless-
nebs." Through its chicf, it openly declares that
" no pledges, programmes or platforms can bind
it; but that its action will bo determined by the
public exigencies and the temper of the gathering
hordes who swell its ranks;" that constitutions
and laws can no more rise above the virtue of the
people than the limpid stream can climb above its
native spring.'
The only tribunal known to your Constitution
for the determination of such questions has de-
cided that Congress has not the constitutional au-
thority to prohibit the existenceof African slavery
