2428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
I brought myself twenty years ago—that Don-
aldson & Scott, as partners, had built a saw-mill
before the cession to the United States, on the
exiremo depth of the tract, on the river Amite,
and weie in possession of it under this title when
the cession occurred. Surely, if my friend from
Georgia had known such facts as these, ho would
not have proposed to throw the whole subject into
litigation again. What did Judge Campbell say,
however, in his opinion in the case of the United
States vs. Daniel Clark and others ?
" In 1811 Congress provided that, till after the decision of
Congress, theieon, no tract oi land &hall be offered for sale,
the claim to which has been, in due time, and according to t
law, presented to the recoider of land titles in the district
of Louisiana,and filed in his otficc,tor tlic purposeot being
investigated by the commissioners appointed torascertain-
ing the rights of persons claiming lands in the Terntoiy of
Louisiana. . , ,
"This act is one founded on the plainest principles of
justice, and Uas been uniformly maintained in the luliness
of its spii it by the Supieme Couit of the United States.
" Nothing would be more inequitable than an attempt on
the part of the United States to involve the claimants,
whom they had brought before rheir o\Vn tribunals with
the expectation that their right* would he ascertained in a
summary way, but in a spirit of equity and liberality, in
litigations with other claimants deuviug their titles, post
facto, fiom the United States. No such conduct has been
countenanced by Congress, though this case shows very
wanton violation of the act of 1811 by subordinate officers
of tiie Land Office department.
" The hind embraced in this claim was thus protected
from sale until the pleasure of Congress upon the report of
the board of commissioners shall be made known."
He then goes on to say that the act of 1814 did
not authorize the issue of this patent; but fearing
lest it might be supposed that he thought this
title was nol perfectly good when he ordered the
patent to be torn up, he says, speaking of this
net:
" The favorable judgment of the commissioners in regard
to the iloumas claim is not adopted by this act—that of
1814—noi does the act empower the President to renounce
the claim of the United States to it. The patent, conse-
quently, was issued without the authority of law.
u I do not decide any question upon the validity of the
defendants' title to the'land they claim, norupon the effect
ot any other act of the othccrsof the Land Office in respect
to it, in determining its boundaries, nor the effect of this
patent, in any other respect than that of its being a paper
issued without legal authority."
I have said that 1 would state to the Senate how 1
I happened to have that perfect familiarity with
the whole history of this title, from its origin,
-which induced the heirs of Hampton, on the death
of their distinguished relative, to request me, as
their attorney—a relation which was long ago
closed—to take action for them in the suit then
pending. It will be perceived, in these details, that
one portion of this tract belonged to a firm of
Donaldson & Scott. The date of the partnership
of tins firm is here. They entered into partner-
ship for this land before ever the country was in
the possession of the United States. They bought
it long before Louisiana was ceded to the United
States; and they established their saw-mill 011 the
river Amite, under their title. I sent to the law
library for the third volume of the Louisiana Re-
ports (but 1 found that my friend from Texas had
sent for it) that I might refer the Senate to what
had been done in Louisiana on this subject. Some
time after the year 1840 I was applied'to by Mrs.
Donaldson,the widowof this Donaldson, to bring
suit for her against the heirs of Hampton, to recover
a part of this tract of land; and the ground pf the
suit was this: her husband, Donaldson, had mort-
gaged this saw-mill, lying back upon the Amite
river, " with the tract of land on which it was sit-
uated." That was the description; and under that
mortgage and description, Wade Hampton pur-
chased from the purchaser, at sheriff's sale, and
held the whole. His grandchildren now hold it.
It was bought by Wade Hampton and his vend-
, ors in 1815 and 1816, in different tracts. Mrs.
Donaldson said that she had been advised that
selling the saw-mill, with the tract of land on
which it was situated, that saw-mill being in a
corner of the tract clear back upon the river Amite,
could not convey the whole thirty-six thousand
acres of land without any further description, but
it would merely convey a piece of land sufficient
for the immediate purposes of the saw-mill. I
thought, myself, that it was a very fair suit to
bring; and I brought suit against the heirs of
Hampton, to recover for Mrs. Donaldson. She
was then Mrs. Moore, the widow of Moore by a
second marriage, and claimcdal! the land compre-
hended in the tract which was sold in 1815 under
the sheriff's doed, except so much as, upon fair
consideration, might be considered as appurtenant
to the saw-mill, under the description of a saw-
mill and the tract of land on which it was situ-
ated. On that suit the facts in relation to this old
saw-mill are stated by the supreme court of Louis-
iana—the fact of the establishment of the saw-
mill on this extreme depth, and its position; and
then the supreme court goes on to state that eve-
rybody knows that, at the time these sales oc-
curred, all this land was valueless, and that under
this expression of the saw-mill and the tract of
land on which the saw-mill was situated,and the
saw-mill, to the perfect knowledge of everybody
acquainted with the history of Louisiana, would
be the principal,and the thirty-six thousand acres
of land a mere accessory. That is the decision
given in the case; and they held that, inasmuch
as the saw-mill was the main thing, it carried all
the land with it, as a trifling accessory, under the
state of things, as late as 1815.
Moore vs. Hampton is reported in 3 Louisiana
Annual Reports, page 192: " Benjamin & Nicou
for the appellant." Wc lostbelowand lost above.
The title of the heirs of Hampton was said to be
perfect. The court say:
"Tlie plaintiff claims, as universal legatee of her first
husband, William Donaldson, the undivided half ot a tract
of land formerly behfin common between the said Don-
aldson and John W. Scott. The defendants allege that
the title of Donaldson was divested by a sheriff's sale, as
far back as the 10th of November, 1815, being thirty years,
save a day, previous to the institution of this suit."
Wc got the suit in one day before thirty years,
the longest limitation known to our law.
"Tliey further allege that their ancestor, Wade Hamp-
ton, acquired the said property by authentic act fiom Car-
lo^ De Annas, the purchaser at the sheriff's sale. They
have pleaded the prescriptions of ten, twenty, and thirty
years.
" The material facts of the case are as follows: Before
the change of Government, Conway had obtained a com-
plete grant for ninety-six arpents front of land 011 the Mis-
sissippi river by torty arpents in depth, with divetgnigside
lines, lie had also applied for, and obtained, a grant tor
an indefinite extent 0! vacant lands included within the
prolongation of his side lines. Scott & Donaldson subse-
quently acquiied a poition of all these lands, and formed a
paitnership, by notarial act, in telation to them. They af-
terwards made a paitition of the front tract to the depth of
eighty arpents, and took possession of their respective
shares. The lands m the rear being yet undefined, and
not having been separated from the public domain by an
actual survey, continued in common between them under
their contiact of partnership; and they established a steam
saw-mill on what they supposed to be the extreme north-
west corner of them."
That was on the back lands.
" After the change of Government, they obtained from
Governor Claiborne, then exercising the powers of the
Spanish (ntendantGeneial,an order lor tile survey of these
lauds, and, 111 obedience to this order, a plat of them ap-
apeais to iiave been made by the Smveyor Lafon, extend-
ing to Bayou Manchac, and including the seat of the saw-
mill."
Mr. TOOMBS. Docs it say when it was put
there ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It puts the statement of the
saw-mill there before the change of government
in the series of facts as a stated. Itdoes notgive
the date when the saw-mill was put there.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think that fact is
sustained.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us see how they state it:
" Before the change of government, Conway had ob-
tained a complete gi ant for ninety-six arpents (iont of land
on the Mississippi river, by forty arpents 111 depth, with
diverging side lilies. He had also applied for and obtained
a grant for an indefinite extent of vacant lands included
witliili the pioiongarion of lus side lines. Scott St Donald-
son subsequently acquiied a portion of all these lands, and
formed a partueislnp, by notarial act, in relation to them."
That is here in the papers; that was certainly
before.
" They afterwards made a partition of the front tract to
the depth of eighty arpents, and took possession ot their
respective shares. The lauds in the rear being yet unde-
fined, and not having been separated from the public do-
main by an actual survey, continued in common between
them under their contract of partnership, and they estab-
lished a steam saw-null on what they supposed to be the
extreme northwest corner of them. After the change of gov-
ernment, they obtained from Governor Claiborne, then exer-
cwng the powers of the Spanish Jntendant General, an
order for the Mirvcy of these land.*, and, m obedience to tins
order, a plat oi them appears to have been made by the Sur-
veyor Lafon, extending to Bayou Manchac, and including
the seat ol the saw-mill."
It seems to me that that is a pretty straight nar-
ration that the saw-mili was there before, though
I admit it is barely possible to give it a different
construction, but 1 do not think any different con-
struction would be fair. Now, what does the
court say in relation to our claim of title to this
land on the ground that Wade Hampton only
bought a little small piece around the saw-mill?
The court say:
" Should these grounds be well taken, so far as to leave us
nothing to act uponssave the mortgage given to the execu-
tor of Clarke, the evidence of the circumstances under
which it vva« given, the will of Donaldson, and an ordi-
nary judicial sale of the property mortgaged, it would still
be proved that Donaldson did mortgage one equal undi-
vided half part of the steam saw-mill, owned jointly by him
and the heirs of John W. Seott, together with an undi-
vided half part of a tract of land on which said mill was
placed; and that he owned at the time, jointly with the
heirs of Scott, and in equal shares, the back lands within
the prolongation of their side lines, covered by the last
grant made to Conway, on the extremity of which the mill
was placed; and as the plaintiff has failed to show that
any portion of the land eoveied by this grant had been set
apart by Donaldson and Scott, and attached to the saw-mill,
effect could not be given to themoitgage unless Donaldson
was held to have mortgaged the whole. Any obscure or
ambiguous clause would, of course, be constiued against
him, in order to prevent such a result. It would further
have been shown that propeity was at the time much de-
pressed in value, that the debt due hy Donaldson was large,
and that he was willing and anxious to secure and pay it.
Even under that state of tacts, we would find little difficulty
in coming to the conclusion that he intended to give, and
did give, to the executors of Daniel Clark all the security
in his power. Me says expressly that he did, in the act of
mortgage. Lands such as those embraced in tins grant
were"then of very little value, and no reasonable doubt can
exist that, in the contemplation of the parties, the saw-mill
and the slaves were the principal objects mortgaged, and
the land a men; aecessoiy. Under the Spanish colonial
government, even as iaie as 1816. the usual quantity of
land gi anted, in consideration of the erection of a saw-
mili, was twenty-five square miles, The validity of a grant
of that description was recognized by the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of the United States vs.
Sibbald, 10 Peters, 314. Sucii was then the meaning of a
saw-mill tract."
A. saw-mill tract, in itself, meant twenty-five
square miles; and observe that these parties only
had a small fraction of the Houmas grant, only
thirty-six thousand out of one hundred and eighty
thousand acres—a fifth or a sixth. Yet they seem
to have had no doubt of their right to the entire
depth, and they went to the Bayou Manchac, and
put up there a saw-mill to saw lumber for the peo-
ple of the neighborhood.
Mr. President, whence again arises the whole
of the difficulty in reference to this matter? 1 have
said the whole of the difficulty arises from the fact
that the officers of the Government here in Wash-
ington never knew how Spanish grants were sur-
veyed, and 1 desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the certificates of surveyors, and the
surveyor general of Louisiana, which, I think,
nut this case beyond the possibility of doubt.
Here is a letter of the surveyor general of Lou-
isiana, in relation to this mode of surveying:
" I now send yon the affidavit requested to the fact that
the French and Spanish surveyors did not generally survey
to the full depth the side lines of tracts on the river, but
merely mea-ured their fronts, and established bornos, or
posts, at regutar intervals from eaeii other, and atsiiort dis-
tances from tile river on such side lines, tor. the puipose
expressed in their proc6s verbal, of indicating their direc-
tion. Tliis was sufficient to comply with the requirements
of the order in vn lue of which tiie survey was made; nor
was more required by the grantee, (or lie and the neighbor
on either side signed, with the surveyor, the procis verbal,
therein expressing satisfaction therewith.
" Inclosed is a certified list of a few ofthevery many in-
stances where this rule was followed by the French and
Spanish surveyors.
" I cannot conceive with what reason it can be asserted
that the establishment by Andry, in the survey ot the (Jon-
way claim, of posts at the distance of forty-two arpents
from the river, restricted it to this depth ; for he expressly
states their only purpose was ' in order to keep the course >
of the prolongation of the said lines. And t his was his fre-
quenl custom.
" Two instances occur at once to my memory—those ot
the claims of Piseros and D'Etrepy. (Old board reports,
Nos. 8* awl 3, in T. twelves*., R. eight E., S. E. district,
east of the river.) I inclose copies of my rough translations
of his procf'? verbal in both these surveys. You can have
them verified and competed with the record-* ol the regis-
ter of the laud office in New Orleans. In these surveys,
for the •same purpose a< fully expressed, he established posts
at forty-two arpents from the river, and yet the claims have
been surveyed, and even recpected by the United States,
with the entne depth to the lake.
" In townships twelve and thirteen S., It. ten E., S. h.
district, east of the river, you will findseveral claims (those
of Fortier and others) where the surveyor, L.ilandede ter-
rieres, in 1765, ran out tiie side line less than twenty ar-
pents from the river, and then upon another course estab-
lished, at one or two arpents further, borncs, to show itie
dnection of the prolongation to Lake Pontchartraiu, thus
rendering the side lines broken, and not always parallel.
They have been so resurveyed by our Government.
« Respectfully, your obedient ?™™l;MeCULLpH,
{{Survexfor General^ Louisiana
"Louis Janin, Esq., New Orleans,"
And here they are, all extending to the
only one or two arpents surveyed in depth
