464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16.
other day, say that his party was so sound that
there was no party in the North that would go
with him ? Did not he say so a few days since ?
Mr. HILL. I might have said that I was afraid
of it; but perhaps new hopes have risen up sincc
that time. [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let me know upon what
they are predicated ?
Mr. HILL. Predicated upon the patriotism
and good sense of the people.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We have tried that for
years; and now I want to know of the gentleman
from Georgia if we have not got about as much
patriotism in the South as there is in that Peo-
ple's party at the North? [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I have not said there was not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, sir, sit down and
let mc talk to you awhile. [Laughter.] I always
speak earnestly, because I believe what I say;
but X am always in a good humor. I want you
to understand that there is no excitement, tio heat
at all; I have not had a particle of it at all. But
I say to my colleague, let me make a few obser-
vations to you. Do you not know that this Peo-
ple 's party of Pennsylvania, aside from their anti-
slavery propensities, their anti-slavery principles,
and their anti-slavery doctrines, are in favor of a
protective tariff, and that they have proposed, on
this floor, a compromise that they,will not say
anything more than they have said on the slavery
question if you will give them a protective tariff?
Mr. HILL. Well, I do happen to know that
those gentlemen calling themselves the People's
party—men from Pennsylvania and New Jersey
—do coincide on that subject with the distin-
guished gentleman who resides at the White !
House, who has been so ably defended and eulo-
gized by my colleague here. f.Applause and laugh-
ter in the galleries.]
_ Mr. UNDERWOOD., Yes, sir, they do coin-
cide. with the Prcsidcntof theUnited States upon
that subject. Now, I want to know if you also
coincide with him?
Mr. HILL. I do not; nor is that one of the
issues that is to come into the new party.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now I have got the
gentleman from Georgia where I wanted Turn.
Mr. HILL. I now ask the gentleman whether
he agrees with Mr. Buchanan upon the tariff pol-
icy of the country ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If you had seen my let-
ter of acceptance to the convention which nomin-
ated me, you would have known that I distinctly
announced that I agreed with the views laid down
by Mr. Secretary Cobb on that subject. Now,
sir, I have got the gentleman from Georgia, I
think, where I wanted him. I said I distinctly
announced in my letter of acceptance addressed
to the people of the fifth congressional district of
the State of Georgia, that my opinions upon the
subject of a tariff coincided with those set forth
by Secretary Cobb in his report to the Thirty-
Fifth Congress.
Mr. HILL. Then you repudiate the sentiments
of the President.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You know that every
Democrat at the South is opposed to the doctrine
of protection for the sake of protection.
Mr. HILL. I know that nearly every Dem-
ocrat in the South says he is opposed to a pro-
tective tariff and the Pacific railroad; but they
voted for a President who was in favor of both,
[Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We always vote for
Presidents who have stood by the South upon the
slavery question. We did not vote for Millard
Fillmore, who spent his life m efforts to destroy
the rights of the South.
Mr. HILL. Not since 1848.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, since 1848.
Mr. HILL. We did notvotofor him until 1848.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But you have voted for
him since that time.
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir, I have; and 1 wish I
could make lnm President again.
Mr. UNDERWOOD- Yes, sir, a man who
has recently said that he signed a bill to enforce
the rights of our people in the rendition of their
fugitive slaves with great pain. That is the man
who you want to see President of the United
States, to protect the rights of the South. Now,
Mr, Clerk, I think I have been liberal in my in-
dulgence of the gentleman from Georgia. I think
I hav,e treated him kindly,
Mr. HILL. The gentleman has been kind,
indeed. But I desire to say that it matters not to
mc what are the private sentiments of the Presi-
dent of the United States, in respect to any par-
ticular law of this nation. If he be conscientious
enough to enforce, during his administration, all
our laws, no matter what may be his private judg-
ment in relation to them, I honor htm for iu It
is enough for me that he signed and approved the
act.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will only reply to my
colleague that I always prefer to trust my rights
in the hands of my friends.
Mr. HILL. You have taken a northern man.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir; and I would
rather trust my rights in the hands of a sound
northern Democrat, than in the hands of a north-
ern Abolitionist, ok Mr. Fillmore has shown him-
self to be. But, sir, I did not intend to be led off
into any such channel of argument. One gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kxllikgeh,] who
belongs to the People's party, rose in his place,
not many days ago, and said that if we would give
them a tariff, they would not vote against us any
longer upon the negro question. It may be that
there is to be a Union party formed upon that
basis. But, sir, I have no desire to say anything
further upon this subject; and I only alluded to it
because my colleague referred to that particular
class of politicians. I have no feeling in this mat-
ter. My colleagues from Georgia, who differ with
me in politics, may interrupt me as often as they
please.
Mr. Clerk, it is with pride and pleasure that I
recur to the past history of the Democratic party;
its history, sir, is a history of the glorious march
of our country to greatness and umiowii. That
party has carried the country safely through two
wars; it has expanded our territory, and increased
our States from thirteen to thirty-three; it has illus-
trated American prowess on land and on the sea;
it swept from the statute-book the alien and sedi-
tion laws; it destroyed the United States Bank, a
protective tariff, and a general system of internal
improvement—thus restoring the Government to a
sound constitutional currency, to a tariff for reve-
nue based upon that principle, with such incidental
protection to American industry as a revenue tariff
affords, the only constitutional mode of protection,
and has widely turned over to the sovereign States
the subject of internal improvement. That party,
in 1850 and 1854, removed the unconstitutional
Missouri restriction, and established the principle
of the Constitution—" Non-interference with sla-
very in State and Territory, or the District of
Columbia." In 1855,it stood forth boldly the ad-
vocate of religious toleration and liberty of con-
science, and the rights of foreign-born citizens,
and to-day it stands upon its principles proudly
defying all conicrs.
Thus, the Democratic party have been found
competent to protect, defend, and restore the Con-
stitution, when ruthlessly invaded and violated,
as it was m the case of the alien and sedition laws,
the Bank of the United States, a protective tariff
for the sake of protection, and by the Missouri
restriction. It was the Democracy that rose in
its might and power and shielded the American
Constitution, which has proved in the power and
control of the Democratic party, equal to all
emergencies, I believe, sir, that that great party
has another signal victory just before it in 1860.
With our principles emblazoned upon our flag,
we will go forth to battle against the enemies of
the Republic, and we will have such another vic-
tory as in 1800 and 1853, I do not doubt, sir,
" truth is omnipotent and public justice cei tain."
<• Truth oiusijed to earth will ri^e ii'-jam."
And when the patriotic voters at the North shall
fully comprehend the ends and aims of the Black
Republican party, I will no tpermit myself to doubt,
they will hurl these disturbers of the public peace
and tranquillity from power. Should I be mis-
taken, should those true men at the North, who
have so often struggled for our rights, men who
have braved everything, men, sir, who have not
only risked office for our lights and the mainte-
nance of the Constitution, and who have not quailed
before the click of the revolver or the gleam of the
bowie knife, fail to achieve another great victory,
then, sir, wc shall see the beginning of the end."
Now, Mr. Clerk, I propose- to address a few
words to my South American friends on this
floor. We have ninety-two men here who are
willing to vote for a Democratic candidate lor
Speaker. The South Americans have twenty-
three votes. Together > they make one hundred
and fifteen. To that add the vote we can get, if
these twenty-three gentlemen will only try the
experiment, and unite them to our vote, and we
can elect a sound man as the Presiding Officer of
this House.
Mr. HILL. Has the gentleman's party shown
that they can command ninety-two votes for any
Democrat in the House?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman asks
me if we can command ninety-two votes for any
one Democrat in this House? I say, sir, that we
can show it if we can get twenty-three American
votes.
Mr. HILL. Cannot you show it without get-
ting one American vote ?
Mr. UNDER WOOD. You have never been
able to show that your candidate could get more
than thirty-six, and we have shown for several
of our candidates three times as many votes.
What do you ask me that question for?
Mr. HILL. I ask you this question: how are
we to know you can get. ninety-two votes for a
Democratic candidate, unless you prove it?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Come and do your
duty, and wc will prove it.
Mr. HILL. Our duty?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, your duty; and I
will tell you what it is.
Mr. HILL. Is there any particular class of
Democrat for whom you can get these ninety-two
votes ? If so, what class ? Does he belong to the
anti-Lccompton-Douglas Democracy, the Le-
compton-Aaministration Democracy, the tariff
Democracy, anti-tariff Democracy, southern-
rights Democracy, or what sort of Democracy?
[Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Lookattheexultationof
the other side of the House on that answer. Let
me ask the gentleman why he makes that answer
in the way of a question? Docs he hope that it
will aid in uniting the Democrats, or does he want
to rend us asunder ? Is that his objcct and design >
Do the Black Republicans see and recognize it,
and is that the reason they indorse him with such
exultation >
Mr. HILL. I do not wish to rend asunder
that which seems to be already too widely rent
asunder. [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then stop your ques-
tions; stop your intrusion upon my speech while
1 am endeavoring to speak for the first time in the
American Congress.
Mr. HILL. 1 ask the gentleman's pardon, and
the pardon of the House, if I have been guilty of
impoliteness.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Not at all; I do not say
impoliteness.
Mr. HILL. I have had no desire to intrude
on the gentleman's remarks. I have been of the
opinion that these desultory debates are racier
than a set speech, and would make a pamphlet
more readable. I am sorry, therefore, if the gen-
tleman thinks what has occurred to-day has de-
tracted materially from the merits of his speech.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Not at all. I intend to
pursue this subject; I do not intend to be driven
from my position upon this floor by these inter-
ruptions. I do not intend that fire-brands shall
be thrown into the Democratic party by men who
have no love for it or its principles, and no desire
for its triumph. I intend to hold up to the indig-
nant gaze of the southern people the fact that
these twenty-three South Americans have never
voted for a Democrat.
Mr. HILL. T have.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes,sir, you have;and
I honor you for it. So has my other American
colleague. I will say, for fear my former remark
may be misconstrued, that one of my colleagues
[Mr. Hardeman] has^voted oftener for a Demo-
crat than any other member of his party; and my
other colleague has occasionally voted for a Dem-
ocrat.
Mr. Clerk, I do not intend to be diverted from
my purpose. I intend to hold up to the indignant
gaze of the people of the South the fact that these
twenty-three South Americans have never cast
their vote for a Democrat. Why is that, sir?
Mr. PIILL. With my friend's permission, I
will tell him that I will hold up to the indignant
people of the South and of the Union the fact that
