1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
in any of the Territories of the United States. In
utter contempt of this decision, the miscalled Re-
publican party avow that, if successful in their
efforts 10 gain the political control of this Gov-
ernment, they will, by congressional legislation,
make that prohibition, and that they will so con-
struct the Federal judiciary that tliey shall regis-
ter, as constitutional, their decrees. A lawless
legislature, a pliant, subservient, party-fearing
and corrupt judiciary! When these things are
consummated, liberty will have flod our land and
ascended to her native heaven.
Mr. President, against such calamities I know
of but one protection. It is in the union and har-
mony of the Democratic party, and the coopera-
tion therewith of all truly conservative and Union-
loving citizens throughout this whole country—
North, South,Eastand West. The Senator from
New York was right when he declared that the
issue was between the Democratic, and Republican
parties. There never has existed in this country
at the same time more than two great political par-
ties. There can exist but two now. This is no
time for the formation of a Union or other party.
There has existed in this country a great Union
party from the beginning, and it exists to-day,
powerful and great. It stands to-day the bulwark
of the Constitution; the conservator of the Union
of these States. Under its guiding counsels we
have increased from less than five, until we now
number thirty millions of people. Its policy has
swelled the number of your States from nearly the
original number—thirteen—to thirty-three. It
has acquired for you every foot of territory which
has been added to your national domain. Ittook
the banner of your Union and planted itupon your
southern Gulf, and Florida became one of the gal-
axy of States. It took that banner and planted it
upon the vast Territory of Louisiana—an empire
m itself; and thus extended your possessions to-
wards the setting sun. It took that banner and
planted ii upon the virgin soil of Texas; and she
.now is one of the sisterhood of States. West-
waid still "the star of empire takes its way;"
and, faithful to its true mission of expansion and
development, it takes that same banner of your
Union and, marching right onward, plants it m
glorious triumph upon the shores of the mighty
Pacific;and Utah. New Mexico, and California are
yours forever. This true Union party has made
ouis all ocean-bound Republic; great, mighty,
prosperous, and free. In peace it has developed
our resources and expanded our power; and in
war it has successfully maintained our rights and
nobly vindicated our national honor. Under its
policy, and by its counsels, in peg.ee and in war,
the feeble Republic of yesterday has become one
of the gieatestand mightiest among the nations
of the earth.
Mr, President, this true Union party will also
soon meet, through its representatives, in national
council. When its roll is called, there shall be a
response fiom every State in this vast Confed-
eracy— from Maine to Oregon; from Georgia to
California; from northern lakes to southern Gulf.
From the banner which shall float over the hall
of its assemblage no star shall be pffaced; but its
banner shall be the banner of our common Union.
If counsel of one of its feeblest yet most.devoted
of frftnds could be heard by that convention, it
would be: Be true to your principles; be just to
all the members of the noble party you represent;
aeceptjlie issue presented by the Senator from
NewYorlc and those whose chief he is; applyno
new tests of party faith; forget your past diffcr-
ences upon abstract and comparatively unimport-
ant issues; be tolerant of present differences of
opinion on questions of minor importance; lay
upon the altar of your country's good your per-
sonal, political Isaacs; have no.political Pauls or
Apolloses; plant yourselves firmly upon the great
principle of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery in State, Territory, or the District of Co-
lumbia; and, remembering that a nation's destiny
may depend upon your deliberations, go forth to
the achievementof anoble and aglorious triumph.
M- TEN CK. Mr. President, so much has
been said, during the present session of Congress,
in both of its branches, about the infidelity of sev-
eral of the States of this Union to their constitu-
tional duties and obligations, that I feel myself
called upon to submit a few remarks in behalf of
the State which I have the honor, in part, to rep-
resent upon ihis floor. In doing so, I beg it to be
distinctly understood, that I have no accusations,
" railing" or otherwise, to bring, and no excuses
or apologies to make, save, however, for an ap-
parent want of taste in referring more particularly
than I should do to the State I partly represent.
The State of New Jersey, sir, has always been
true to the Union; she has always been just, faith-
ful, and devoted to the Constitution—the Consti-
tution as understood by its framcrs and the states-
men of that day J including the earlier Presidents,
and'as subsequently interpreted and expounded
by a Marshall and a Story, by a Webster and
a Clay. It was a suggestion of hers that led to
the meeting of the convention in May, 1787, in
Philadelphia, which framed this Constitution.
When the State of Virginia, by her House of
Delegates, recommended the meeting of a conven-
tion at Annapolis, in 1786, it was solely for the
purpose of regulating that trade and commerce
which, during the Confederation, by reason of the
strifes, jealousies, and contentions of the several
States, had become well nigh ruinedand destroyed.
When this convention met. at Annapolis, owing
to the small number ill attendance—there being
present commissioners from but five States of
this Union—New York, New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia, Delaware, and Virginia—the convention pro-
ceeded to the transaction of no business other than
the adoption of a report to the several States
sending them and to the Congress, in which they
say :
" The State of Neiv Jersey had enlarged the object of
thr.ir appointment, empowering their commissioners < to
consider how far a uniioim system in their commercial re-
lations and other important matters miL'ht be necessary to
tile common interest and pciniuuent harmony of the sev-
eral States,' and to it-port such an act oil the subject as,
when ratified by them,' wouid enable the United States,
m Congress assembled, eftecruaiiy to piovide for the exi-
gencies of the Union.'''
And the report further goes on to state :
:'Tbe commissioners submit an opinion that the idea of
eTtendini,' the powers of their deputies toother objects than
those of commerce, which has been adopted by the State
of New Jersey, was an improvement on the original plan,
and will desf-ive to be iueoipoiated into that of a future
convention.''
Inconsequence ofthis,and the recommendation
of the Congress of the Confederation, the consti-
tutional convention met in Philadelphia,in May,
1787, and on the 17th of September they finished
'their noble work; and yet, sir, I believe that the
State of Virginia has received all the credit of this.
It has been with her as it was with the great Al-
fred. On account of her having done much—and
she has done much and nobly—it has been usual
to attribute everything to her. Why, sir, the State
of New York, three years before, by a series of
able resolves m her Legislature, called the atten-
tion of theUmon, as it then existed, to the neces-
sity of a more efficient form of government. But I
do not mean to institute comparisons between the
different States of this Union, much less to under-
take the disparagement of any one of them, for I
hold that the fame of each is the glory of the
whole, and that the slightest shade cast upon one
tarnishes, to a certain extent, the common luster
of them all. The State which I have the honor in
part to represent was one of the first three which
adopted this Constitution. She was preceded, by
only a few days, by the States of Pennsylvania
and Delaware, and she did it in a convention of
her people called for that purpose, promptly, cor-
dially, and unanimously, without a dissenting
voice. She was the first to adopt the amendments
to it, and I trust I may say that she will be the
last to abandon it, and that, if this wisest frame
of government ever devised by human ability,
skill, genius, and philosophy, shall be destroyed
by violence, it will bo no hand of hers that strikes
the blow accursed. I say the blow accursed;for
I cannot consider the destruction of this Union as
excusable, much less as justifiable; for with it
will perish the hope of civil and religious liberty
on this continent; and instead of being an empire,
grand, powerful, and magnificent, we should be-
come a company of dissevered States, enfeebled,
discordant, and belligerent, whose destiny may
be read in the history of those rival States and
Governments on the continent south of us—flash-
ing up for a time, and then falling back into dark-
ness and gloom forever.
The Constitution was a sacred covenant, en-
tered into by our fathers for the purpose of form-
ing a more perfect union, establishing justice,
insuring domestic tranquillity, providing for the
common defense, promoting the general welfare,
and securing the blessings of liberty to themselves
and their posterity. It must be maintained; it
must be sustained in its letter and m its spirit in
each and every particular; ay, sir, even so far as
regards that particular institution which is now
making so much noise in the world. If attempts
should be made to interfere with it in the several
States of this Union, where it exists by law, either
by wild .fanatics, whose brains may have been
roasted by a bare-headed exposure to the sun of
Kansas, or in the shape of servile a/id intestine
insurrection, or by assaults or attacks from with-
out, the people of my State will stand, if neeclbe,
by their brethren of the South, side by side and
shoulder to shoulder, as their fathers did in the
time of fiery trial, when their blood ran together
on the same battle-field; when they put forth a
common shout for victories achieved and mingled
in a common sorrow at defeats sustained.
But, sir, when it is attempted to carry it further,
and beyond this into the Territories of the United
States, then we, in common wjt.h others, have
something to say upon the subject. The question
is not now whether slavery shall be abolished in
the States of this Union, where it exists by law,
against the will and consent of the people of those
States, but whether it is to be carried into the Ter-
ritories of the United States. No one pretends to
abolish it within the States, except a few who are
enemies of the Constitution, anyhow. But, sir,
the question is, I repeat it, whether these broad
domains are to be the home of free labor, with its
thrift and enterprise, its trades and handicrafts,
its enterprise and industry, its busy marts and
commerce, its shops, its mills and factories, its
school-houses, colleges, and churches, its fields
of luxuriant grasses, its flocks and lowing herds,
its golden harvests; or whether they are to beeome
the abode of servitude, with its wealthy few, its
landless masses, its worn-out and impoverished
soils, and its negro huts and quarters, and its
waste and dilapidation.
The practical question, in fact, is whether the
Territories are to be open to all the free white cit-
izens of this Union for homes and firesides for
themselves, their families, and descendants, or
whether they are to be closed up and forever barred
against them by the introduction of African sla-
very; for although I do not consider there is any-
thing so inconsistent or incompatible between
these two different systems of labor that they
may not both exist and continue to exist without
the one necessarily impinging upon the other in
the different portions of this countiy, as they have
existed for the last ccntury past or more; yet it is
manifest that they cannot both flourish and exist
togetherinthe same place, in the same spot, on the
same plantation, in the same field, and m the same
workshop; and I submit that although this insti-
tution is to be maintained -where the people, by
their municipal laws, have a right to sustain it;
yet still, when it is attempted, to introduce it into
the Territories which, since the morning dawn of
creation, have been as free as the wild deer bound-
ing oyer their prairies, it should be mildly and
constitutionally, yet firmly and forever resisted.
Why? In a country so extensive as ours; run-
ning through so many different degrees of lat-
itude; embracing almost every variety of climate;
furnishing every species of production—the South
having its sugar, its cotton and tobacco; the mid-
dle and western States their agriculture, mines
and manufactures; and the East having also its
manufactures, fisheries and commerce—there must
be, of necessity, diverse pursuits and interests;
and although we, as legislators, are bound to have
a general regard for the welfare of the whole,still
we are not to bo entirely indifferent to the interest
of homo and its concerns. According to the
method by which the right of representation is
computed under the three-fifths rule, we think that
a portion of this Union has already power; con-
trols and influences the legislation of Congress to
as great an extent as was understood and ex-
pected by the framers of the Constitution that
they should have, and that it ought not to be ex-
tended. This was a bargain entered into by our
fathers upon a compromise, and we should and
must stand to and abide by it according to the let-
ter and spirit of the contract; but when it is at-
tempted to carry it further, and to an extent be-
yond what was embraced within the limit of the
contract, we think it is injurious and unjust to us,
