1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
and that we are justifiable in attempting to stay
and oppose its progress.
Mr. President, itis said, however, that the Con-
stitution of the United States carnes slavery into
the Territories which have been acquired since
.the Constitution was framed, by its own force
and vigor. If it be so, then there is an end of the
matter and we must abide by it; but does it do so?
I submit that it does not. In order to understand
this matter, we must cast our minds back to the
period when the Constitution was formed. That
was not such a day of progress as we now witness.
The thirteen original States had just emerged
from a war for existence, followed by a feeble
Confederation. The sentiment with them was
existence as a people and nation, and not exten-
sion and the widening of our borders. The thir-
teen States then occupied a small strip along the
borders of the Atlantic, and all west between that
and the Mississippi river was a wilderness unin-
habited and unpeopled. The use of steam had
not then been applied to motive power cither upon
land or water. The magnetic telegraph had not
then sent its fiery sparks to every corner of the
land. So little had the Territories of the Union
been considered thatthe Articles ofConfederation,
framed only ten years before, contained not a
single syllable in respect to the Territories even
within their limits; and. we all know perfectly
well that as regards the Territory of Orleans, ac-
quired in 1803, Mr. Jefferson himself, who was the
chief negotiator of the treaty, had not only doubts,
but was decided against the constitutionality of
that measure, and recommended his friends in
Congress to say as little upon the subject of its
constitutionality as possible, stating that the diffi-
culty could be afterwards cured by an amendment
to the Constitution. At that time, sir, it was not
even dreamed of by any one that we should ac-
quire Territories beyond the borders of the Union
as it then existed.
I have-sometimes thought that was a strange
position taken by the Supreme Court, in a recent
celebrated decision, in which they say that the pro-
visions of the Constitution which give to Congress
the power " to make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting the territory or other property of
the United States" did not, and do not, extend to
Territories newly acquired, or acquired since the
formation of that instrument; and yet that this
instrument carrics slavery into these newly ac-
quired Territories, although it does not contain a
word or a syllable on the face of it with respect
to sucli acquisitions, and although it was not then
even dreamed or imagined by a single framer of
it that we should ever acquire any such territory.
But, sir, 1 do not intend to stop now to enter into
a legal investigation of this decision. Sufficient
for me and my purpose is it now to say, that at
that time no such thing was contemplated. It
was not designed to extend this kind of labor;
because slavery, as it then existed, was regarded
as an evil—an evil which had been forced upon
the colonies by the British Crown, against the
consent of many of them, and against their at-
tempted prohibitions; the King sometimes vetoing
resolutions of the colonial Legislatures designed
to prohibit it. I repeat, it was regarded as an
evil. The leading men of the country, both North
and South, so regarded it; southern statesmen as
well as northern statesmen; the Washingtons, the
Jeffersons, the Monroes, and the Madisons, as
well as the Adamses, and their compeers in the
East. To cite no other, I beg the Senate will bear
with me whilst I refer in this connection to a
letter, that has been repeatedly referred to, from
the Father of his Country. I refer to the letter
of General Washington to General La Fayette, in
which he said:
•*' I agree with you cordially in jour views in regaid to
ut' io blaveiy. I have long conMihued it a most serious
evil, both socially and politically, and I should rejoice in
any feasible scheme to rid our States of such a burden.
The Uongiessot 1787 adopted an ordinance which piohibits
the exUtonee of involuntary servitude in ourNoithwe^torn
Temtory forever. I consider it a wise measure. It met with
the approval and assent of nearly every member from the
States more immediately interested in slave lalor. The pre-
vailing opinion hi Viiginiu is against thr> spread of slavery
in our new Temtories, and 1 trost we shall have a
CONFEDERxVCY OF FREE STATES."
And yet, I understand, that it is now said Wash-
ington was in error; that he did not understand
the nature of this institution; that if lie had lived
in this our day he would have entertained differ-
ent views and advanced different opinions in rela-
tion to it. Sir, this falls strangely on our ears.
The Father of his Country has left the footprints
of his heroism on our soil, and his doctrines and
his teachings have sunk deep into our hearts.
Others may do us they choose; even they who
have more particularly the custody of his fame
and even of his sacred bones in their keeping; but
as for us, we win never banish from oar hearts
this noble object of our veneration and affection.
Sir, slavery was then regarded as an evil. Uni-
form testimony was borne to that; but it was an
evil that had become so interwoven with our po-
litical and social systems that it could not be erad-
icated at once; it could not be destroyed by vio-
lence without leaving the body-politic mangled
and bleeding. It was a sort of cancerous malady
which had to be loft to the several States within
whose borders it existed—and it existed in almost
all of them — to he managed and regulated by
themselves, at their own time and in their own
way, either by the use of the knife, lopping it off
at once, or by the use of emollients, by which,in
time, it might be cured and dissipated. We had
the institution at that time in the State of New
Jersey; and it was not until our act of 1820, by
which it was provided that all children born of
slaves subsequent to the year 1804 should beheld
as servants—females until they attained the age
of twenty-one, and males until they arrived to the
age of twenty-live years—that we became, in a
measure, relieved of this system. In 1850, at the
time of the last general census, there were about
three hundred and thirty slaves in the State; and
at this day I suppose there are not more than a
score; some still existing born prior to the act of
1804, which did not apply to them, and also too
old to be manumitted by our general acts of man-
umission. But death is manumitting them all;
and, in the course of a few years, there will not
be a single person of this description on our soil.
We have had the institution; and I am not dis-
posed to rise up here and traduce or vilify either
representatives or the people living in other and
different States of this Union on this account.
Still, we regard it as an evil; and it w^s hoped and
confidently expected, at the time we passed our
law, that the other States of this Union would
also enact laws, as many of them did, by which
this institution and this system would be grad-
ually abolished and done away with; and I be-
lieve, had it not been, in part, for the unwarrant-
able interference of persons m sections where they
had no right to interfere, but mainly owing to the
increased value of cotton, and the consequent rise
in the pneo of negroes, many a man who is now
held in bonds would have been walking boldly
forth, by the consent of his master, in the high
road to freedom.
There is, then, evidence going to show that the
institution of shivery at the time of the revolution-
ary era, and at the time of the formation of the Con-
stitution, was regarded as an evil by the people of
this country, both North and South; and that is
th ft fact, that at the time of the formation of the Con-
stitution, there was not a single acre of land clearly
admitted and conceded to belong to the Govern-
ment of the United States that was not free—every
foot of it, I believe. 1 allude to the Northwest-
ern Territory, which was dedicated to freedom
by the famous ordinance of 1787, out of which
has arisen a sisterhood of States which, for prog-
ress, wealth, advancement, and civilization, arc
unparalleled in the history of the world—young
giants, before whose majestic step the forest has
ilitted away like the shadows of night before the
rushing, rising morn.
This ordinance of 1787, as we all know, was
not merely the work of northern, but of south-
ern men. General Washington himself bears
testimony to it, that Virginia, and almost every
representative in the Congress which passed that
ordinance, was in favor of it. It was in accord-
ance with the tone, the temper, and spirit of the
times. I know very well that there was other
territory lying within the chartered limits of sev-
eral of the States of the Union south of Ohio,
wild and unpatented lands; but they had not yet
been ceded oy the States within whose borders
they lay to the General Government. All that
had been thus ceded was dedicated by this ordi-
nance to freedom forever. That furnishes co-
temporaneous evidence of the light in which this
matter was viewed by the statesmen of that day
both north and south of Mason and Dixon's line.
I have said it was in accordance with the tone,
the temper, and spirit of the times It was in ac-
cordance with the principle of the Declaration of
Independence, but which has recently been called
ameie " string of glittering generalities.". It was
in accordancc with the principles upon which the
seven years'war for freedom was fought. The
general sentiment was freedom from servitude.
Jefferson approved of this,ordinance;- he,a$weall
know, had framed the first plan for the govern-
ment of the Northwest Territory, and it was ac-
quiesced in and supportedboth North and 'South.
But it is now said, sir, that these doctrines are
injurious to certain sections of the country. It
may be so; but, if so, the views of men have
changed; their principles have changed. When
the ordinance of 1787 was passed by the Congress
of the Confederation, it was known and under-
stood byall. The Congress of the Confederation
was sitting in New York on the very day and
hour that the constitutional convention was sit-
ting in Philadelphia. Many of the leading men
of that Congress were also leading men of that
convention. Did the passage of that ordinance
create any such excitement as we witness now-a-
days? Did it raise the mutterings of thunder
which we hear in the distance, and which some-
times even mutters over our heads ? Did it break
the frail ligament of the Articles of Confedera-
tion, which at that day held the thirteen ori-
ginal States, like so many stars fixed in their
places, and send them glaring forth like comets
rushing madly and wildly? No, nothing of the
sort. The convention sat on; it finished its la-
bors in September. In the next year it was sub-
mitted to the people of the several States for their
adoption, and the next year it swung into its
orbit, and almost the first act that the Congress
under the new Constitution did was to reaffirm
the ordinance of 1787 by making it conform in its
provisions to the new order and state of things.
It has been said, and I believe has been repeated
here to-day, that the doctrines held by the Re-
publicans arc * different from those held by our
fathers; that they are sectional. Why, sir, they
were not sectional in 1787. They were then
avowed both North and South. It is said that
they are modern. Sir, they are older than the
sacred chartcr of our liberties itself. The same
doctrine thatwc contend for this day, is the doc-
trine that Jefferson and his compeers contended
for, which they have placed upon record in the
ordinance of 1787, and from that day to this, the
State from which I come has held to the same.
It is the same doctrine which was promulgated
by the grpat Commoner, Henry Clay, when he
declared that no power on earth could induce him
to carry slavery into any Territory which then
was free.
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate to
certain resolutions passed in the State of New
Jersey in 1849—some seven years before the new
Republican party,as such,sprang,fully equipped
and fully armed, into the field—for the purpose
of showing that this doctrine was then enunciated.
And I will say in advance, that these joint resolu-
tions were passed by a Whig Legislature, several
Democrats voting for them; and they were ap-
proved of by a Democratic Governor, who now
occupies a distinguished position upon the bench of
our supreme court. The resolutions which passed
our State in 1849 are as follows:
" Resolutions against the extension of slavery into free ter-
ritory, and the traffic in slaves in the District of Co-
lumbia :
" Whereas this Legislature, representing the views and
opinions of the people of New Jersey, believing the insti-
tution of human slavery to bo a great moral and political
evil, and, if unrestrained by the General Government, is cal-
culated to sap the foundation of our social and political in-
stitutions: Therefore,
" Resolved by the Senate and General Assembly of the
State of New Jersey, That while we would refrain from ail
manner of interference in the institution of slavery in the
States whore it constitutionally exists, yet we would peace-
ably, but firmly resist, by all constitutional means, its fur-
ther extension.
" 2. Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives in
the Congress of the United States be, and they are hereby,
respeettuily requested to use their most strenuous efforts to
secure, in any law that maybe passed fortlie establishment
of State or territorial governments, within the bounds of
our newly acquired territory of New Mexico and Califor-
nia, a fundamental condition, or provision, thafslavery, or
involuntary &eivitude, except as a punishment for crime,
shall be foiever excluded from the said Teiritory.
" 3. Resolved, That the existence of the traffic in slaves in
the District of Columbia is inconsistent with the theory of
our national institution#, and a reproach to us as a people,
