1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
242&
placed for the purpose of marking the direction.
Now comes die affidavit:
1, William J. McCulloh, surveyor general of public lands
in the district of Louisiana, solemnly swear, it i  within
my knowledge, derived trom frequent leferenee to the plats
of burvey, (oiiginal or copies filed in tins otfice,) that it was
the general custom of the surveyors employed by the French
and Spanish Governments, in locating tracts in the prov-
ince of Louisiana, having a depth ol fony arpents, merely
to measure the fiontsof &uch tiacts, and to indicate the
courses of the side lines by planting bornes or posts at equal
intervals from each other, and at short distances from the
river, without actually running and measuring the fuii
depth of sucii side lines, and without closing the survey by
running the rear line between the extremity of such side
lines; and that, in tracts having a greater depth than forty
arpents, or actepth extending to another river, lake, or other
natural boundary, it was their custom, invariably'followed,
as far as I can ascertain, after careful examination, to
measure to the forty-arpent points on such side lines, and
then, at short distances therelrom, to establish bornes or
posts, to exhibit the further prolongation ot' the side bound-
aries. WILLIAM J. McCULLOIl,
♦ Suiveyor General, Louisiana.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. That is perfectly plain anywhere. It is not
a mere peculiarity of Louisiana. That is where
the back line is described; but can you find any
such case where the back line was not described ?
. Mr. BENJAMIN. Plenty.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have examined the ques-
tion very fully, and I cannot find one. Will you
show it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. First, I will show you one
in which the Governor himself gave that significa-
tion to it. A man asked forall the back land,and
the surveyor reported: yes,all the back land, back
to the lake, is here; and the Governor said, give
him all the back land to the lake. He did not
speak about the lake in his petition. He spoke
of all vacant land in his prayer. The Governor
at once interpreted that t6 mean 
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not my case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me understand your
case.
Mr. TOOMBS. Take an ordinary survey. In-
stead of running the four lines, you run three, and
then say straight.to the beginning. You describe
it as perfectly in that way as if you ran all four
lines.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Whether all the land went
to the lake: is that what you want to know?
Mr. TOOMBS. Show a single case where it
ever existed, unless whcie it was to go was des-
ignated. In the case of the grant you put, the
Governor said, go back to the lake; then, if you
get on the course of the lake, it is nil right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will satisfy you on that
point. 1 will get to that in one minute. What
does he say in lelation to the additional depth of
forty arpents?
"In tracts having greater depth than forty arpents, or a
depth extending to another nveij^akc, 01 othei natural
boundary, it was their custom, mranahly followed, as tar
as J can ascertain, alter caretul examination, to mcasuie
to the toity-arpent points on Mich side line?,, and then at
shoit distances theiehom to e^tubliJk bom 's or po-u, to
exhibit the further ptolongation ot the side boundaries."
I have upon my table here a certificate from
this surveyor general, with sixty-odd surveys in
Louisiana; every one exactly as Andry surveyed
this, with this certificate attached to them:
Surveyor Gknehvl's Office,
Doxaljdsonville, LouissIaw, January 28, lbCO.
f certity that, by authenticated copies, ot the plats in this
office, by Lewi* Andry, Lallande de Feniuie.«,CailosTru-
deau, Manuel Andry, and 1*. V. i'otier, it appears they did
not, in any ot their surveys of the above-mentioned claims,
run the side lines to the full depth claimed, bur that they
only measured their uvcr fiont*, and on the side lines es-
tablished bornes to indicate their direction.
The above easels are taken indiscummately3 and many
other analogous cases could be cited to show that it was
the rule of the French and Spanish s-urveyor-> in Louisiana
to make onlv such pamal Miiveys of claim:- fiontins on the
Mississippi river. WILLIAM J. MeCULLOU,
Surveyor General, Louisiana.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Senator does not
see my point.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, I do. I am coming
to it in a minute.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit what has just been
read. That is a forty-arpent concession, and he
describes it fully.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us take one set at a
time. Now we have got this far: we have got
rid of the authority of the report of the Attorney
General.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is wrong.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Attorney General's
report is wrong. Very well; that is admitted.
Now, what was the Attorney General's report?
He determined two points; and here is his opin-
ion:
" In conclusion, I am of opinion :
u 1. Tjiat tiie grant to Maurice Conway is a complete and
perfect Spanish grant to the extent of forty-two arpents
Irom the nver, and no more. That the saidgrantdoes not
convey any lands beyond that extent, but that the title to
the same is vested in the United States.
"2. That the patents winch have been issued in the ease
of the Donaldson and Scott claim, and the Clark claim,
were so issued without authority of law, and are theiefore
void and ot no effect."
_ That is admitted, then, to he a mistake. It is
right to this extent, that there was a complete
and perfect Spanish grant, forty-two arpents deep
—no man questions that—and a complete and per-
fect Spanish grant to some additional extent. No
man questions that; that is agreed on all around.
Very well, then; tluu being admitted, is it not a
most astounduigfaet that when men held property
under a title which is admitted to be complete
and perfect, and when the sole question is, what
is the meaning of the language contained in the
title; and when they show their interpretation of
that meaning two or throe generations ago, pub-
lic, notorious, in the presence of the authorities
who had an interest in putting them down if they
claimed more than that winch they had a right
to claim, that not one syllable should ever have
been heard in opposition to this claim until a Uni-
ted States deputy surveyor, in 1829, by the name
of Turner, wrote to the Land Office here to know
1 whether he ought to survey this land with a depth
entirely to the lake, stating that, in his opinion, it
ought not to be so large/ Until that period, not
one soul had ever breathed a syllable of doubt
about this depth. Now, these parties find a bill
reported by which it is proposed to declare that
all their former titles are null and void, unless,
within two years, they shall bring and prosecute
an urgent suit against the Government; upon
failure to do which the Government shall take the
whole of their land and sell it as public land. Was
such a proposition ever befoie heard or m<Sdc
as civilized legislation? There is nothing in the
report of this committee supporting the claim of
these parties, but what is admitted they have a
perfect title to; there is nothing giving them any
depth, but the proposition of the bill is not only
to take away that which is doubted, but to take
away that which is certainly theirs, if Congress
can do it. Thank God, Congress cannot.
Further, though my friend does not know it, the
woids of this bill destroy the title of three thou-
sand plantations m Louisiana, upset the rights of
at least three thousand owners who now live upon
land that their grandfathets were born upon,and
say that the whole of that land shall be treated as
public land, if they do not bring suit for it in two
years. My friend did not mean that at all; but
that is lus bill, as he will sec by looking at it;
and then this title which was held for two or three
generations unquestioned, and which has been
confirmed by the tribunal that this Government
itself named for the puipose of confirming or re-
jecting it; and was to remain confirmed unless
Congress reversed it; and which Congress has
approved the confirmation of—the whole of that
is to be repealed, all the titles set afloat at the end
of three generations, and a fresh litigation com-
menced in the year I8G0, or the whole of the land
gone.
Mr. President, the other day I heard the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
who has concurred m this report, with I am sure
not the usual examination that he makes of such
subjects, make an eloquent appeal to the Senate,
and say that never before upon the face of God's
earth had a Government filed a bill in equity
against an entire population as they had done in
California, and put every man on the proof of his
title under pain of losing his possession. Why,
Mr. President, this Government has done it for
three quarters of a century in Louisiana, and has
done it not upon a remote and unsettled frontier,
where lands are sold by leagues as a unit, but done
it down in thickly-settled populations. When,
in 1803, the Emperor of the French conveyed
Louisiana to this Government, he did it under a
stipulation to which the express faith of this na-
tion was pledged, that the people should be pro-
tected in their persons, their property, and their
religion. How have you protected them in their
property? The Government of the United States^
brought a suit against every land-owner west of
the Mississippi. The Government of the United
States passed laws by which it made it obligatory
upon any man that had a title in that entire coun-
try acquired from France, to come forward before
its own officers and expose his title or see it con-
fiscated.
Let me tell my friend from Kentucky, who de-
plores the misfortunes of the settlers of "California
to-day, when they have had only nine or ten
years of this paternal care of this Government
as regards their land, to cast his eyes on our own
side of the Rocky Mountains, and he will find
entire populations in the valley of the Mississippi
whose grandfathers were born upon the property
,that the grandchildren now live upon, and who
are yet harassed and annoyed by this Govern-
ment with litigation about the titles to their pa-
ternal acres. Here are the grandchildren of Wade
Hampton, who bought this property in 1806, his
grandchildren now minors, and when he bought
it in 1806, it had been held by an entire generation
before his purchase. Here are the grandchildren
in the year 1860 told that they shall lose the whole
of their property; that-all the former laws con-
firming their titles shall be repealed; a$d if-they
do not begin within two years energetically and
in good faith to prosecute litigation with the Gov-
ernment, the whole of the land shall be taken
from thorn by the strong arm of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Why does not the Government sue
them ? It could have done it for sixty years past.
If they are in possession and claim title to what
does not belong to them, what do you want with
your act of Congress? If it had not been for the
unwarranted and outrageous interference of the
officers of the General Land Office, who sold the
land that these men had confirmed to them by the
reports of the tribunal created by Congress itself,
who undeitook to sell land which the tribunal
created by Congress had confirmed, and which
Congress had prohibited from being sold; if it
had not been for that, whore would have been the
necessity for any act of confirmation? Others
have lived half a century upon their lands. No-
body wants any act of confirmation for a complete
and perfect Spanish title until your land officers
come in, and, in defiance of legislation, undertake
to sell a man's Inwd upon which he lives.
I read to you from the decision of the supreme
court of Louisiana, how it was proved that parties
who entered into partnership for this land, pre-
vious to the cession, had taken possession of it to
the depth of eighty acres, and divided it between
them, and for the additional depth, held it in com-
mon, and had a saw-mill which was in operation
on the lands. All this is to go for naught. There
is no ancient tenure, no ancient possession, be-
cause legally, technically, nullum tempus occurrit
rcgi; yo.u cannot prescribe against the Govern-
ment—generations will not suffice. Hut in 3858,
I originated this legislation, knowing how these
things stood, and knowing the gross and enor-
mous injustice that had been wrought by the legis-
lation of the. General Government in regard to
land titles in Louisiana; knowing that.fifty-odd
years ago these men had submitted their titles to
your own tribunals, and that again and again you
had raised tribunals for their examination, and on
each occasion your own officers reported in favor
of them, finding that they were never disputed,
exccpt by men m bureaus here in Washington,
not knowing anything about them; not a man of
them until the present Commissioner of the Land
Office, knowing anything about the system. Look
at your whole list: there is not a man of them
that evei understood the French and Spanish co-
lonial system until Joseph S. Wilson was made
Commissioner of the General Land Office. .They
had some faint and distant inklings of it; many
of them were men of great ability, men of great
learning, but having not the peculiar local knowl-
edge of facts, customs, and circumstances which
must guide in any tribunal, in determining ques-
tions of this character.
Gentlemen have argued this matter, and the
report refers to this matter, as if the act of 1858
confirmed nothing but this one title. Is the Sen-
ator from Georgia aware that there are fifteen or
twenty other titles comprised in that confirma-
tion which had never previously been confirmed ?
I have the certificate here. I do not know how
many there are. I have not counted them up.
Here is the certificate of the surveyor general of
Louisiana—fourteen cases; and taxing out these
three, there are eleven left. Eleven other titles
