2430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
are confirmed by the same act. Not one syllable
is heard about them. "Why shall they not stand
confirmed? Nobody complains of them. The
land officers have not sent people on these other
parties' lands to enter them and pay the money
into the Treasury of the Federal Government,
which has, by its action, so far as it has gone,
recognized them to be public property. Now, if
the proposition had been made to repeal this sol-
itary title, the injustice of repealing a solitary
title, and leaving that open to litigation, would
have been apparent to all; and therefore the bill
is worded to bring everything into litigation.
What docs this bill say? This is the deliberate
report of the committee:
"That ail persons claiming the lands described in the
uforssaid second section"—
That is, the second section of the act of 1858—
" shall, within two years after the passage of this act, com-
mence judicial proceedings against the United States, as
hereinafter provided, for the establishment and final adju-
dication ol their claims, and diligently prosecute the same
with effect; and in default thereof, the lands claimed by
them^hall be treated and considered as public lands belong-
ing to the United States, to the extent that the claimants
may fail to establish their title."
What are the la*hds described in the second sec-
tion of that act of 1858? They arc all the lands
included in the reports of the commissioners found
in the second volume of State Papers. The sec-
ond section declares that Congress thereby con-
firms all lands comprehended in the reports in
that second volume; and this bill—not so intended,
I know—does say that all persons claiming the
lands described in that second section shall bring
suit and prosecute it diligently within two years",
or the Government shall take their lands. Now,
the faith of this Government stands pledged be-
fore- the world, by solemn treaty with France, to
protect the people of Louisiana. Is it protection
now again in, 1860, to bring a suit against them?
Was it protection in 1805 to compel a man to
bring a suit for his own land, or to have it con-
sidered as public land? Ought not the Govern-
ment to have rcspccted all private possession,
and taken nothing but what remained unpossessed
when it had promised to protect private owners?
Instead of that, it took everything; made every
citizen of the entire Territory bring suit for his
land; confiscated all that could not be proved by
regular title to belong to the persons who claimed
to be owners. That is what the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, the other day, in the case of
California, branded as an opprobrium upon civil-
ized legislation. That is exactly what was done
in Louisiana; and now, when the parties did
come forward under the iawand bring their suits
and show their titles;"Vhon your own officers
said their titles were good; when that was re-
ported to you for fifty years, and you never re-
versed it, you tell us, in I860, that we must begin
afresh, and go before the courts and start a fresh
litigation, fs not that monstrous? It strikes mc
as outraging every principle of justice and every
rule of law.
I shall st\y nothing upon another point of this
matter, because, as 1 said before, it is beyond
your power to do this great wrong. The Consti-
tution of the United States stands in your way,
an insurmountable barrier that you never can get
over. You are going to take my property, if I
will not sue you for it, and sell it as public land !
Whereisyourp'ower? Whatarcthe amendments
of the Constitution made for? You will take my
property, and sell it as public land, if I will not sue
the Government for it! Where is the title that
anybody will get from your sales? Where is your
right? Let the first officer of the Government at-
tempt k, and the Constitution steps in as a shield
to prevent this monstrous spoliation. This land
was claimed by us. and we told you so. You
told us to bnngour claim before your officers. Wc
did so. Your officers said that we had a title.
You have approved that. In 1858, you confirmed
that decision. You have abandoned your rights,
and now you tell me you will take that property
which is now completely vested in these claim-
ants, and consider it as public land, and sell it if
they do not sue you for it.
If such, Mr. President, be the charter 'under
which we hold our property in a free Government,
we had much better be under a despotic Power.
Our fathers have not left private rights at the dis-
posal even of a Congress. They are sacred; and
before this Congress can touch that land, it must
pay for it; and let me ask upon what ground it is
that this committee attempts to make a distinction
between this land and all other land owned by the
inhabitants of the Mississippi valley. Can Con-
gress go and take any man's plantation that it
confirmed to him in 1805, and say it belongs to
the public, and it will sell it if he does not bring
suit for it? He holds his land that Congress has
confirmed to him, and you take it as public land
if he does not sue you for it! Is not the propo-
sition a monstrous one ? How is it to be treated ?
1 do not know how to treat it. It runs so thor-
oughly counter to all my ideas of the principles
which lie at the foundation of our Government,
of the common principles of right and wrong that
govern between man and man, that the Govern-
ment ought to shrink in horror from assuming the
power if it possessed it, still more from assuming
it in violation of the Constitution.
If the Government of the United States, or if
the Congress of the United States, acting on this
subject, shall think that thusc people have no title
to their land, let them bring suit for the land them-
selves, and see what success they will have. If
they choose to repeal that law, let them repeal it;
and then direct, upon the repeal of that law, the
Attorney General to bring suit, and to see what
chance they will stand in a court of justice. Re-
peal my title; repeal my grant; repeal what has
been mine for a century past, and take possession
of it and hold it as belonging to the public if I
will not sue for it! That is the proposition. It is
shocking to me,utterly shocking. And for what
purpose ? Because, says the honorable Senator,
in his report, there is a body of squatters on this
land who went on it hoping,under the legislation
of Congress, that if it turned out to bo public land
they would get a right of preemption; not that
they have paid a dollar; not that they have not
gone on land that was claimed notoriously by
private owners; not that they are in any other
position than men speculating on the probability
of a lawsuit turning out favorably to their hopes.
Now, Mr. President, what is "this law of 1858?
A simple quit-claim by the Government; a simple
agreement by the Government to go away fioni
Louisiana and let us alone, so far as our titles
were concerned; an agreement by the Government
of the United States to confine itself to that which
is admittedly public land, and leave the lands of
private owners, demanded as belonging to them,
to be determined, not to be interfered with, by the
Genera] Government with us constant, m-vcr-end-
iiig claim. That is all that Louisiana asks of the
General Government, and all that that bill docs;
and how does it do it ? The act of 1858, which it
is now proposed to repeal, operates simply as an
abandonment by the General Government of its
claims in tins land which it now sets up after the
lapse of nearly a century from the original grant,
and reserves the rights of all third persons who
have any interest-in the land; and that has been
criticised in some places, not in this report. It
was a simple copy from the previous legislation
on this identical subjcct. In 1833 a body of re-
ports was made by the commissioners from Louis-
iana on a large number of titles running to the
lake, of the same character as-this. They were
sent here, and the Commissioner of the General
Laud Office reported to Congress that he did not
think that the class ought to be confirmed which
resembled the Houmas claim. I-Ie said that they
did not specify the depth or the superficial con-
tents, and he had no means of ascertaining any
of these points. This is the report of 1833; and
he picked out Nos. 40 and 177, and a number of
others of these grants of different lengths, some to
the lake and some to whatever depth there was;
and some of these concessions are shown as having
whatever depth there was, and immediately went
back to the firstwater-cour.se. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office objected to it. Con-
gress passed a law to confirm all the grants, ex-
cept those that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office objected to, and sent those grants
back to the register and receiver for reexamina-
tion. The register and receiver reexamined them,
and came back here and told Congress that the
whole difficulty arose from the fact that the offi-
cers here did not know the local customs and
usages of the Spanish officers in Louisiana—that
all they had reported was in entire conformance
with the local usages. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office then again objected to it, and
renewed his objections; but the committees of both
Houses justshut him up, and confirmed the titles;
they would not listen to him in the matter. Here
is their report in 1836. They say:
(< fly virtue of the second section of the act of Consress
approved the.3<1 ot March, 1835, and pursuant tothe icqui-
sition contained in the letter of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, under date of the 3Ut of March last,
we have the honor of transmitting herewith full transcripts
of the evidence filed m this office, in support ol the claims
mentioned and recited ifi the act of Congress above alluded
to, and referred hack to us for further report.
"In revising the claims in question, and the testimony
upon which they are respectively based, we have been at
some pains not only to examine the several laws heretofore
at different times enacted, having reference thereto, but
also the preceding decisions and reports of recoid in this
otiice, wherein might be iouncl the interpretations and con-
structions given to, and put upon, the provisions of said
laws; and we deem it but an act of justice to the highly
respectable claimants interested in the issue, and to our
immediate predecessors in office, to state that, m almost
every instance, we have found the claims under consider-
ation supported, not only by our construction of the law,
but also by precedents immediately in point of the most sat-
isfactory character, and which have been fully established
by the foimal sanction of Congress."
They class out these claims:
" In the first place: a, number of claims have been sus-
pended, because *no -specific depth in arpents,norany super-
ficial extent,' See., had been designated, &c. On inspection
of the books in this office, connected with other circum-
stances, we feel assured that this must he the first time that
Congtess nas made any exception to claims similarly situ-
ated ; lor we find a large number precisely the same m char-
acter acted upon, not only by the old boaid of land eormnis-
sionets in this disti ict, but also by the registers and receiveis
who immediately succeeded, and, in almost eveiy instance,
continued unqualifiedly. A few ca>es will sufhcc.
"1. The case of Charles de Vilhers, wherein a depth
to the lake in the rear was claimed, confnmed by the old
board of commissioners, as per decision No. J 35.
'•2. The case of Bernard Maugny, who claimed a front
of twenty-five arpents on the Mississippi, with a depth to
Lake Ouachas; confirmed by the boaid, as per decision
No. 350.
" 3. The case of John McDonough, who claimed a depth
upon the Mississippi to Lake Maurepas, repot ted favoiably
on by the rocistei, in 181G, and confnmed by the Congress,
IVIay'll, 1820. (No. 406.)
The case of Fanny and Claire Rupr6, of the same
species, and mentioned in the same report, No 567.
a 5. The cases ot Norbert Fortier, mentioned in the same
icport, Nos. 410, 411, and 412, and confnmed by the same
act.
"6 And the case of II. Lafon, who claimed 1 a tract or
point of land situate in the county of Orleans, bounded by
Lake Pontchaitiam on the noith side, and upon the ea*tby
Uayou Cheimentcui,' without any specification of quan-
tity ; also confnmed by the old boaid, as pi*r decision
No. U17."
Then the second objection made here was that
"a few claims have been suspended, because, as
to quantity and shape, they do not seem sanc-
tioned by the usage and custom of the Spanish or
French Government." 44 l-Iere too," say these
commissioners, to whom the matter was referred
back, "precedents are not wanting, as may be
seen by reference to the following cases." And
then they state under each class a number of
cases. What did the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office tell Congress on that?
"The impediments then descubed to the confirmation
are not removed by the returns before me, unless the force
of piecedent be considered to have that effect. No evi-
dence is pioduced to account for the extiaordmary quan-
tity claimed m some cases, for the lailuie to asceitam the
length ot lines in others, nor for disproportion of fotrn,
whine it occurs. In some respects, the Nos. 220 and 221
may be excepted fioni the last remarks. The surveyor's
plat, presented on this occasion, described the bearing
and length of some of the lines within which one of them
is included ; no field notes are lurntshed to test the correct-
ness with which the other is protiacted. The scarcity of
aiable land m these tracts may, peihaps, be thought ^ome
justification of the extra pretensions of the claimant m
point ot extent; but the statutory limitations are unre-
pealed.
" It will be observed that among the conditions of con-
firmation, piovided by the art ot the 2d of March, 1805, there
is one that requires the person or petrous tlierem men-
tioned to be lesident within the ceded Territories at the
time. No proof ot such residence is produced in the eases
composing the ii&ts A and B."
lie goes on with his other objections. What
was'the result? Congress immediately passed a
law confirming the whole of these claims, and put
all his objections at naught—mere technical objec-
tions; mere attempts to deprive private owners of
property on purely technical grounds, by an of-
ficer of the Government, here in a public bureau,
unacquainted with the laws and usages which
governed these claims m the Spanish colonies.
Nobody who ever lived in that country, who
knew the manner in which these grants were
made, and in which the people were put in pos-
session, and who knew the entire good faith and
simplicity of all their habits, would ever be other-
