466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
tion on me and does not wish to allow me to re-
move it. In my own State this intolerance does
not exist. The Democratic party in Georgia has
set a noble example of tolerance. At the recent
session of her Legislature, they selected as Speaker
of the House of Representatives, a distinguished
member of the American party in 1855—a man
covered all over with the sms of that party.
There he sat, the successor of the honorable gen-
tleman [Mr. Uncehwood] himself, and most ac-
ceptably to the whole Democratic party of the
State. Besides, he was a most excellent Speaker,
and a very worthy man. I regret to see my hon-
orable friend here disposed to allude to these old
things, and to cause old wounds, not yet cica-
trized, to break out and bleed anew. It is true, that
we have neither prayed over nor cried over these
recusant Democrats from the North; but the gen-
tleman will do me the justice to say that on no
occasion have I sought to sever therp from their
brethren. I would rather get them together. I
am rather careful about giving them advice; be-
cause, when that has been attempted by some
who might have deemed themselves authorized
to give it, it has been resented with some degree
of feeling. I do not undertake to say what anti-
Lecompton Democrats should do; but I say, that
when this Democratic family harmonizes itself,
and when brotherly love shall have been perfectly
restored, then they may, with some propriety, go
out of the camp and say to others, "come and
join us; and let us elect some conservative man
Speaker of this House." I am not disposed to
join them in advance. I think I shall wait awhile;
and if you find you cannot do anything with those
fentlemen who are so refractory, call 011 me, and
will see what I can do for you.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman, in or-
der to break the force of the position in which
I have placed him and his friends, tells us that
the Georgia Legislature elected a man Speaker of
the House of Representatives who was covered
all over with the sins of Americanism. These
were words that I would hardly use myself, so
tender am I of the feelings of our twenty-three
South American friends. The gentleman to whom
my friend alludes, while he may have united him-
self to a secret order, and while he may have been
covered all over with its sms, lias thrown them
off. He renounced them before the first election
came on, and was elected to the Legislature by
tho Democratic party, and acted with the Demo-
cratic party. Many of the purest and best Dem-
ocrats m tho land were inveigled into that order,
and had afterwards to come out and denounce it.
Mr. HILL. Well, sir, I am one of those who
never had a great deal of respect for political peni-
tents. They as often repent too soon as too late.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Whenever I make a
point, the gentleman gets up an answer in order
to defeat it. He says he h.is not any respect for
these political penitents. Well, I tell him, that
unless he repents, he is gone politically and per-
sonally. There is 110 mistake about that. I rec-
ommend him to the penitential stool.
Mr. HILL. I wish to inquire of my friend
what sort of a tiling that penitential stool is, if he
has any personal knowledge of it? [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 do not intend to be
diverted by the gentleman. 1 say, sir, I holdup
to the gaze of the southern people the divided
front which their Representatives on this floor
present, 111 the face of the Black Republican en-
emy of the Republic. And now let me proceed
with what I was about to say. I told you it was
unreasonable to expect nortjiern Democrats,who
represent large constituencies of naturalized citi-
zens, and large Catholic constituencies, to come
forward and vote for a man whose conscience—
if you will excuse the expression—is scarred all
over with Know Nothing oaths.
Mr. HILL. Isitunreasonable to expect Dem-
ocrats, with these large foreign and Catholic con-
stituencies, to vote for a southern Democrat?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; we regard their
constitutional rights and liberty of conscience.
Mr. HILL. Then why do they not do it?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. They have voted for
southern Democrats.
Mr. HILL. Not unitedly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. All except two, that
are not in the organization; and I believe they will
do it.
Mr. HILL. What is it that keeps these north-
ern Democrats, representing large foreign and
Catholic constituencies, from voting for some fa-
vorite Democrat for Speaker ? That is the point.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. They have done it over
and over again; and they are ready to do it now.
There are two or three gentlemen not in the or-
ganization who have not yet done so, but I think
will.
Mr. HILL. They are the ones I am talking
about.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. And they are not the
ones that 1 am talking about. [Laughter.] I am
talking about the Democrats who have stood in-
side the organization. We are expecting these
other gentlemen to act with us too. But is it rea-
sonable to suppose,! ask, that these Democrats of
the North who stand inside the Democratic or-
ganization can, in justice to themselves and their
constituents, vote for a man who has taken the
oaths of the order> Now, sir, these are the men
to whom the gentleman refers, who, in this sec-
tional strife for Speaker, will take the responsi-
bility if you will place them in a position to do it.
The gentleman from Tennessee says that he has
no desire " to experiment upon them now;" be-
cause the experiment would show that a Demo-
crat would be elected. '
Mr. HATTON. I made no such statement.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Did not you say in your
speech that you did not desire to make the experi-
ment on their nerves >
Mr. HATTON. I said that I had no disposi-
tion to engage 111 a scries of experiments in order
to discover how men of your own party would
vote, ldidnotusethe last remark attributed to me.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What is that?
Mr. HATTON. I did not say I was unwilling
to make such experiments lest a Democrat should
be elected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Oh! no; that was mine.
I quoted the gentleman simply as saying he did
not desire to try the experiment. Tho balance of
the sentence was my own.
Mr. HATTON. Well, sir, what I said I now
repeat; and 110 system of gratuitous lecturing to
which I can be subjected by the gentleman will
change my determination in the premises.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no idea it will.
Mr. HILL. One word right here. My col-
league's argument shows that the thing which I
always apprehended, which was a great reason for
my uniting with the American party, has at last
come to pass. It is admitted upon the floor of the
House of Representatives of the United States that
the foreign element in this country, controlling a
few congressional districts, now prevents the or-
ganization of this House. [Applause in the gal-
leries.] If gentlemen will come up and say upon
this floor what they say in private, they will tell
this House that the reason why they cannot vote
for an American, who is national in all respects,
is because they have too many foreign constitu-
ents.
Mr. LARRABEE. There is no such thing as
a foreign element in this country.
Mr. HILL. I expect the gentleman and my-
self differ about terms. If a gentleman rises in
Ills place and says that he cannot vote for a south-
ern American for Speaker, because ho has foreign
constituents, 1 leave it to the gentleman, as a
casuist, to say whether there is a foreign element
or not.
Mr. LARRABEE. When.the time comes for
me to choose—representing, as I do, more foreign-
born citizens than any other man on this floor—
between a Republican, who seeks to overturn the
Constitution of the country, and a South Amer-
ican, who stands by the Constitution,! will vote
for a South American. But, sir, I want to say to
that, gentleman h^re—1 want to say to the South
American organization 111 this House—that tho
other dny, when the gentleman from New York j
[Mr. Biuggs] announced upon this floor that that ;
organization in the North had put away forever
all ostracism of foreign-born citizens—had put
away forever their ostracism of men for their re-
ligious belief—I thought the day had come when
all national men, North and South, could join
together on this floor to roll back this tide of sec-
tional fanaticism, striking for the destruction of
the Constitution, which we see on the other side
of the House. Now, I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to state whether the South Americans
upon this floor yet entertain those proscriptive
ideas which have heretofore been imputed to them ?
Do they yet retain the distinctive features of the
American organization—proscription of foreign-
born citizens—proscription of men because they
entertain certain religious opinions ?
Mr. HILL. I will answer the gentleman, for
myself, that I have not changed a sentiment, nor
imbibed one, in relation to Americanism, since
the year 1844, when, as I have always claimed,
I became attached to the American party, which
came into being that year. 1 have always thought,
and I now say, that, all things being equal in
respcct to intelligence and capacity to discharge
the duties of a political office, I will always vote
for a native-born citizen before I will for one of
foreign birth. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. LARRABEE. I know no such distinc-
tion as that. The gentleman and myself are as
wide as the poles apart.
Mr. HILL. Because our constituents are dif-
ferent, perhaps.
Mr. LARRABEE. No, sir; not at all. One
of the grounds of complaint on which the Decla-
ration of Independence was founded, was that the
King of Great Britain had caused laws to be made
that prevented the settlement of this country from
abroad. Why, sir, the very highest proof a man
can give of his allegiance and his love for repub-
lican institutions is, that he will leave his native
land, the graves of his fathers, and everything that
is dear to him, and come here to make a home for
himself and his children. [Applause.]
But, sir, I earnestly desire that this House may
be organized. I have voted for I do not know
how many men, of all shades of belief—for all
kinds of men who are national in their Senti-
ments—from the North, South, East, and West,
and I will continue to do so. I have not voted fora
South American, but I have resolved, in my own
mind—and in this 1 may disagree with other Dem-
ocrats from the Northwest—that when the time
comes when my vote will determine the election
between a southern Opposition man and a Re-
publican, my vote will be given for the former.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, Mr. Clerk, I want
to go on and conclude what I have to say.
Mr. HILL. One word more. Mr. "Clerk, I
am very glad to hear the concluding remark of the
gentleman from Wisconsin. It is certainly very
gratifying to me, not for any personal reasons,
but because it argued a better character for liber-
ality then belongs to every gentleman of his party,
I apprehend. Now, sir, I have always held to
this doctrine, that whenever I shall believe that a
foreignershould be equal in all respects to a native-
born citizen, I shall hold it to be my duty, so far
as in my power lies, to seek to remove the dis-
tinction that is made by the Federal Constitution
in the selection of the two highest officers of this
Government between a foreign and native-born
citizen, for I do not see upon what principle of
equality it can remain there.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not see how that
has anything to do with what I was saying.
Mr. LARRABEE. Let me ask tho gentleman
a question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am obliged to proceed.
I will, however, yield to the gentleman.
Mr. LARRABEE. The gentleman has com-
mended my liberality, and I thank him for it.
! The heart or intellect which can give birth to a
j sentiment of that kind, which will appreciate,
| wherever found, liberality, generosity, or patri-
j otism, must have within itself springs which will
: lead to the same action. Now let me ask the ecn-
j tleman, if the question comes up between a Dem-
! ocrat, whom you regard as a national man and a
1 conservative man, and a Republican, whom we
both regard as a sectional man, will you vote for
the Democrat ?
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. LARRABEE. If that is your position,
then let us vote together and elect a Speaker.
Mr. HILL. I am ready to vote for a Demo-
crat, but he must be a Demociat of a certain char-
acter. He must be one whose political character
approximates nearest to my own; in short, he
must be a conservative national man, and must
not entertain any very obnoxious political heresy.
I have voted already for such a man upon that
side of the Chamber. I voted for General Mill-
son, of Virginia, and I regret that he is not now
the Speaker of this House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I put the question, and
