1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
and ought, in the opinion of this Legislature, to be speedily
abolished; and that our Senators and Representatives be
requested to use their influence in favor of this desirable
obicct
" 4 Resolvel, That his Excellency the Governor of this
State be, and he Is hereby,-respectfully requested to trans-
mit certified copies of the foregoing resolutions to each of
our Senators and Representatives in the Congress ot the
United States from this State, with a request that they be
laid before the bodies to which they respectively belong.
" Approved March 2, 1849."
This occurred the year before the act of Con-
gress was passed abolishing the traffic in slaves
in the District of Columbia; a year before the in-
stitution of those measures usually denominated
the compromise measures of 1850. Before re-
suming my seat, I wish to say a few words on
the subject of the fugitive slave law. That sub-
ject is embraced within the scope of the resolu-
tions which have been submitted by the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] In
New Jersey, we have always regarded the act of
Congress passed in 1793, respecting the rendition
of fugitive slaves, as obligatory upon us. No
grave doubt as to its constitutionality lias ever
been raised or agitated there. I recollect that
many years ago, a quarter of a century at least,
a case occurred which was referred to some two
weeks since by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] in a speech made by him. He re-
ferred to a case that had been decided by Chief
Justice Hornblower, of our State; and I under-
stood him to say that his recollection of that case
was, that Chief Justice Hornblower had held this
act to be unconstitutional. The case occurred
before the chief justice at chambers. There has
been no report of it. It occurred about the time
I came to the bar; and my recollection is that the
chief justice decided the cause and set the fugitive
at liberty, on the ground of defective evidence in
support of the claim; but, in giving liis opinion,
he may have thrown out some ideas of his own
with respect to the unconstitutionality of the act;
but 1 cannot say now how that was.
Aside from that, however, there has never, so
far as I know, been any question raised in our
State with respect to the constitutionality of that
law. We have always acknowledged the binding
force of that provision of the Constitution which
declares that " no person held to service or labor
in one State under the laws thereof, escaping into
another, shall, in consequence of any law or reg-
ulation therein, be discharged from such service
or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the
party to whom such service orlabor may be due."
Why? For the reason that it was one of the
terms of the compactor agreement on which the
Union was framed. This was the understanding
at the tune; and this is whatiuframers meant and
intended, let its language he what it may. The
Constitution of the United States was not a mere
contract entered into between two sharp dealers,
so framed and contrived as that one party might
get. the advantage of the other upon a technical
construction; but it was a broad, fundamental,
frame of Government, entered into by high-toned
men for the purpose of settling a Government for
themselves and their posterity; and it is to be con-
strued and interpreted according to the way and
in the manner in which they meant and intended
that it should be.
I believe that the States as such are not bound
to furnish the means of enforcing this provision
of tile Constitution by the agency of their own
officers and tribunals; but they are as clearly
bound to surrender up fugitives from labor, when
so adjudged, as they are prohibited by this pro-
vision from discharging them from labor due in
the State from which they may have escaped; and
I think it also clear that the people of the several
States, upon whom the Fedei.d Government
within the scope of its authority acts individually
ai'.d directly, are bound to assist in the enforce-
ment of its authority whenever called upon in due
form of law. For instance, if a marshal should
be resisted in effecting en arrest, and in the proper
execution of this law should call on a citizen, a
bystander, for aid, it would become his duty,
however disagreeable or unpleasant it might be,
as one of the posse coniitatus, to assist m the en-
forcement of it.
Slavery, at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution, existed ill most of the States of tins
Union: dearly all. No such provision as the one
refeired to existed in the Articles of Confedera-
tion, and it was felt to be a grievous inconvenience
by the- slaveholding States. In several of the
States, no aid whatever was allowed to the own-
ers, and sometimes open resistance was made to
the recovery of such fugitives. This provision,
then, had a meaning, and was intended to meet
the difficulty and put an end to the complaint.
The South ihsisted on it; the extern and middle
States agreed to it; and in the State which I have
the honor in part to represent, we have acknowl-
edged its obligation and force. The concession
was made, and we will abide by and adhere to it.
Let our southern brethren not forget that it was
made by some sacrifice of feeling and for their
benefit and advantage. Under this provision of
the Constitution and the act of Congress of 1703,
fugitives from labor have been surrendered up in
our State to the party to whom their labor was
due. We havealways " kept the bond." It was
a covenant, with many others, made understand-
ing^, made on a compromise, made to form a
more perfect union, and to escape from the de-
bility, antagonism, and ruin of that wretched and
feeble Government of the Confederation under
which all the trials and glories of the Revolution
were in danger of being lost forever.
But we hold that if a doubt about the constitu-
tionality of this act of Congress could be raised, it
is now too late to raise it; it has been settled by
repeated decisions of the courts and the practice
of the Government for many years, and so it must
and ought to stand. But, sir, this is not all. I
wish to say something on the subject of the ac-
tion of the State which I have the honor in part
to represent. In 1836, the Legislature of New
Jersey, under its power to pass regulations of
policy, passed an act concerning fugitive slaves.
It was reenacted in the revision of 1846. This act
is now in force. I have it before me, and I take
leave to refer to a few of its most important sec-
tions, for the purpose of showing what the con-
tents of this statute are.
The first section authorizes the arrest of the
fugitive on a warrant to be issued by a judge of
the common pleas or a justice of the peace, on ap-
plication oifca claimant, his agent, or attorney,
accompanied by an affidavit that the fugitive has
escaped from service, and stating the claimant's
title to the service of such fugitive.
By another section it is required that the sheriff
or constable receiving and executing such warrant
shall, without unnecessary delay, carry the person
arrested before the judge, according to the exi-
gency of the warrant; and it is further enacted,
that any sheriff or constable who shall refuse, or
willfully neglect so to do, shall be liable to a fine
not exceeding §500, or imprisonment for a term
not exceeding six months.
By another section it is provided that the hear-
ing of the case shall be before the judge issuing
the warrant, and two other judges called by him to
his assistance, unless either party shall demand a
trial by jury, when a venire is to be issued by the
judge directed to the sherilf of the county to sum-
mon a jury of twelve men, who shall pass upon
the claim.
By another section it is provided that if the
judge shall authorize the removal of a fugitive
withou t the title of the claimant being first decided
upon in his favor, he shall be subject to a fine not
exceeding §500, or imprisonment not exceeding
two years; and any judge refusing to perform
any of the duties required by the act, shall be
liable to pay a sum not exceeding §500. And the
net creates otherfines and penalties for arresting a
person as such Arrive without a warrant or other
legal authority for the purpose, under some act of
the Legislature, or of the Congress of the United
! States.
In Nixon's Digest of 184G,an old statute of our
! State is found, still unrepealed, in these words;
11 It shall lie lawful for any person not an inhabitant of
tin's who shall be tiavelmg to or from, or passing
tin ouch tins State, orcomma; into this State hnm any oihei
ot the United State*, and having a tempoiaiy residenee ;n
i tin* ^tale, to brmg with him 01 lid any slave 01 seivant,
' and on lemoval ot leaving this St.eo to lake - Lldi slave or
' servant out of ttus Ktate : IJrovidcdy That tile number of
i such slaves 01 servants shall not exeotd the u.-iini number
: of personal or household slaves or servants ,\vpt and main-
J tallied by said traveler 01 tempoiary lesident."
i Now I refer to these matters and statutes in
j the lieaiing of Senators from the different States
j of this Union, to show that we have kept our part.
1 of the covenant, and to ask them to keep theirs—
1 not to violate it; not to extend it to matters and
things and places where it does not belong and
was not meant to apply.
I am familiar with several cases that have oc -
cured in the State of New Jersey, where slaves
have been delivered up under the act of the Le-
gislature of our own State upon proceedings had
before county judges. The last case that I rec-
ollect to ihave occurred was that of three fugi-
tives claimcd by Mr. John Roth, 1 think of Cecil
county, Maryland. Mr. Roth applied to the tribu-
nal furnished by our State laws—not to the tribu-
nal furnished by the act of Congress. The case
was tried before a jury composed of men acting
with the same political party to which I at that
time belonged, and which I believe I hold the
principles of at this time—the old Whig party.
The jury rendered a verdict in favor of the claim-
ant, and Mr. Roth took his fugitives out of the
State without difficulty and without interruption.
Nay, more, the honorable Representative from the
second congressional district of my State, now in
Congress, Hon. John L. N. Stratton, was the
attorney of the claimant on that occasion, and pros-
ecuted the case with promptness and fidelity.
During the canvass which took place, and resulted
in his election, it was made a point against him by
his political opponents that he had thus been en-
gaged in a trialthat had aiding in sending three fel-
low-beings back to the land of bondage: and what
was the result? The result was, that in the county
of Burlington he received a majority of near eigh-
teen hundred votes over his competitor—nearly
eight hundred majority more than any other man
since my recollection has ever received in that
county in either a national, State, or county elec-
tion. Sir, the people of his district, although they
are not in favor of this institution, are still in
favor of executing the laws, and will maintain and
support them. I do not pretend to say that my
friend in the other branch of Congress had his ma-
jority augmented in consequence of the part he
took in the prosecution of that claim; but I do mean
to assert that in his district it did not cost him a
single vote; and yet there is not a man in that dis-
trict, who, so far as he himself is personally
concerned, would have any part or lot in the hold-
ing of a man as a chattel, or as property in any
way.
Sir, the people of that State, as well as the peo-
ple of the middle and western States generally, are
opposed to all extravagance and all ultraism. They
are opposed to all extremes. They will stand as
a rock to beat back and repel every wave of fanat-
icism, whether it comes surging down from the
North or lashing up in fury from the South. But,
sir, they would rather, far rather, prefer standing
as friends upon the fields ofMonmoutli, Trenton,
Germantown, and Brandy wine, and reaching forth
their arms to their brethren of Bunker Hill, Sar-
atoga, and Concord on the one hand, and to their
brethren of Yorktown, Guilford Court-house,and
King's Mountain, on the other; beg them to cease
their threatening menaces; beg them to cease their
crimination and recrimination; beg them to stand
by the compromises of the Constitution; beg them
to cease their unholy fraternal strife; beg them to
join their hands once more in a long, lasting, and
fraternal clasp; beg them to do this for the Union—
for the sake of that Union upon which our truest,
noblest destiny on earth belongs.
Mr. BROWN. It is well known, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I have demanded protection for slave
property in the Territories by congressional enact-
ment, and that I have denied the authority of a
Territorial Legislature, by non-action, unfriendly
action, or direct, action, to destroy or impair the
value' of slave property. Tt, is further known that
I have appealed to Congress for immediate and
direct interposition for the protection of slave
propei ty 111 the Territories.
These positions of mine have subjected me to
the charges of having departed from' the old land-
marks, and of attempting to interpolate new the-
ories into the administration of the Government.
I propose, very briefly, to vindicate myself
against these charges, and to show that I have
asked nothing new.
As fir back as 1820, Congress, by direct act,
set aside, and declared null and void, certain ordi-
nances of the Legislative Council of the then Ter-
ritory of Florida. Congress went further, and
ordered certain sums of money which had been
paid under those ordinances to be refunded. It
may be more satisfactory to Senators to show the
