1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cons....1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Vallandigham,.
Ho. -of Reps.
without power in his own party, yet controlled
at the late election the fifty thousand conservative
voters of that State, who are not of the Demo-
cratic party, and misled them into the support of
an organization and of principles with which he
has no real sympathy at all. He went into the
Republican party to control it for good, but he
was only as a straw before the whirlwind. He
finds now a barren sccptcr in his gripe; and let
ifte, with great respect, remind him that it is not
conservative speeches which arc needed here to
save us, but conservative votes at home. Cer-
tainly, the vast majority of the people of^Ohio, of
all parties, are at heart opposed to insurrection
and disunion; but I tell the gentleman that, if he
would conquer abolition and sectionalism, he must
fight them at the ballot-box.
Mr. Clerk, I do not propose to follow the gentle-
man into a discussion of the local politics of Ohio.
I resolved a good many years "agfl to make no
speech within a legislative assembly fit only to be
spoken upon the "stump;" and to that resolution
I propose steadily to adhere. But, inasmuch as
the mere partisan politics of my State have already
been drawn into debate here, a passing remark
may not bo inappropriate from me as a Repre-
sentative,in part,from that State;though,in truth,
I can add little to what has been fitly, strongly,
eloquently spoken by the gentleman from the
twelfth district, [Mr. Cox.]
Something has been said—more, I understand,
is to follow—in regard to the soundness of the
Democratic party in Ohio, and in other States of
the Union. Sir, I will spare gentlemen all trouble
upon that point. The Democratic party in Ohio,
some years ago, was not sound, as men count
soundness now. You need not go back to (he
records and reproduce them here. Open confes-
sion is good for the soul, and I make it. I speak
the more freely because, I think—and there are
hostile witnesses here present to attest it—that my
own record, from the very beginning of this whole
controversy concerning slavery as a political ques-
tion, is as unimpeachable as the record of any
mail in the North or the West, and I may add,
the South, too; for, let me admonish gentlemen
from that section that many of the people of the
free States were for a good while misled by the
precepts, if not the practice, of some of the earlier
and the later fathers, too, of the southern political
church. A little charity, I pray you, upon this
subject. The Democratic party of Ohio, very
much after the fashion described by the gentleman
from the seventh district, [Mr. Corwin,] adopted,
in 1848, a certain resolution, in which they de-
nounced slavery in the abstract, and, with valor-
ous earnestness, declared that the people of Ohio
would use all power clearly given in the consti-
tutional compact to "eradicate"—tear up sla-
very by the roots; but—there is much virtue in
" but," as well as "if"—they further resolved,
with refreshing consistency, protesting the high-
est regard for the Union, the Constitution, and
the rights of all the States, that the Democracy
of Ohio were of opinion that no power was
conferred by the constitutional compact to insti-
tute any proccss of eradication at all. Sir, I
am not here to commend the superior honesty of
such a platform. The gentleman, [Mr.Coiuvix,]
who is well posted and of mature years, has ex-
plained luminously how these things are done,
even in Republican conventions; but I will not
disingenuously pretend—of course I have no
allusion to my colleague—that these resolutions
did not at that time express the sentiments of the
Democracy of my State. I think, that, so far as
they were supposed to be anti-slavery in their
character, they did express both the opinions and
the feelings of a very large majority of the people
of the State. Sir, i was a member of that con-
vention, and of the committee on resolutions, and
voted many times in committee, during a pro-
tracted session of twodays,againstanyandevery
expression of opinion upon the question op slavery
in any form. Like my colleague I was overpow-
ered; like him, 1 endeavored to make the best of
it, seeking consolation in the second and sound
part of the resolution, and whiling away my idle
hours in the delicate task of reconciling the two
branches with each other. My success in this
somewhat difficult work was just about equal to
the success of the gentleman [Mr. Corwin] who
undertook a similar contract here the other day.
But, Mr. Clerk, at every subsequent convention
I exerted myself to the utmost to procure a rccis-
ion of these resolutions; and finally, in January,
1856, they were rescinded and a sound platform
adopted in their stead. From that hour the Dem-
ocratic party has steadily gained strength. I pass
by the election of Mr. Chase to the Senate in
1848, the refusal by a State convention to indorse
the Baltimore platform in 1853, and other unsound
things, in faith or in practice, whereof the Democ-
racy of my State were guilty in times past. "Let
the dead past bury its dead." Ernst ist das leben.
Our business is to grapple manfully with the living
realities of the present moment. Sir, in my judg-
ment the wisest man that ever lived was the au-
thor of the statute of limitation; all things adjust
themselves equitably in periods of just about six
years. Politicians, indeed, in later times require,
and perhaps are entitled to, a shorter limitation.
No man's record ought to be revived or called in
question after the lapse of six months.
Allusion has been made to,the present state of
parties and of public sentiment in the North and
West. Sir, I do not propose to speak at any
length upon this subject. The events are recent,
and no public man anywhere can have failed to
observe them. It is folly to deny that all through
the North, and in many portions of the West,
distinct and very earnest sympathy has been ex-
hibited for John Brown in his recent insurrection-
ary and murderous invasion of Virginia; and that,
too, not by the vulgar and low, but by men very
high in political, social, and religious positions.
Funeral processions; halls draped in mourning;
tolling of bells, sermons, eulogies, orations, pub-
lic meetings, adjournment of courts of justice, at-
tempted adjournment of Senates and Houses of
Representatives, and all the other usual insignia
of public sorrow, bestowed only hitherto upon the
great and the good, the patriots, the heroes, and
martyrs of the world; all these tributes, and more,
have been paid to the memory of a murderer and
felon. Even m my own native State, and in a
part of my own district, I lament to say that
these sad evidences of a corrupted public senti-
ment have been exhibited. In Cleveland, fertile
in revolutionary conventions; in Akron, in Cin-
cinnati, and elsewhere, in public assemblages and
by other means equally public and significant, the
sympathy of thousands has been expressed. Sir,
it is vain to attempt to conceal what all this
means. There is a public sentiment behind itall,
or it never would be tolerated. Thirty years ago
John Brown, hung like a felon, would have been
buried like a dog.
Allusion lias been made also to the Union meet-
ings held, or to be held, in the great cities of the
North. Sir, I would not abate one jot or tittle from
the true value, least of all, from the patriotism of
these assemblages. When public meetings run
along with public sentiment, they are powerful to
mold and to give it efficiency; bu t when they do no t
beat responsive to the popular heart, they are of no
value. No; one single page of election returns is
worth more, as an index of real public sentiment,
than nil the Union resolves which shall be passed
between this and the 4th of March, 1861. Let no
man be deceived. If the distinguished gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] be sincere—and I
know that he is—in believing that the great mass
of the people of the free States are opposed to the
agitation of the slavery question in any form, and
are ready to strike hands with any party which
will put it down forever; if he really thinks that
but a very small part of the people of the North
sympathize with .Tohn Brown, or yield assent—
a cordial and working assent—to the doctrines of
William H. Seward, the "irrepressible conflict"
included, full as it is of insurrection, treason and
murder; if ho believes that, without the strong
arm of the Federal Government powerfully and m
good faith stretched forth, fugitive slaves could
be recaptured in one half the free States of this
Union, under any law of Congress, I can only say
that ho has the mild virtue of an honest heart—
most marvelous credulity. Sir, I entertain for
that gentleman the very highest respect, but he
must allow me to say that, aside from that portion
of his remarks the other day, which breathed so
much of earnest, sincere, andeloquenteulogy upon
the Union—one such speech, blinding the eyes of
the people of the free States to the real publie sen-
timent at the South, does snore thus to keep alive
the flames of civil discord between .the South and
the North and West, than a hundred speeches,
vehement and impassioned though they may be,
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt.] Sir, when a member of this House, of
fine personal appearance, of sonorous voice, of
classic education, and approved rhetorical excel-
lence, tells us, with a magnificence of rhyfiim
which regurgitates through these aisles, peals
along these galleries, pierces the ceiling, and loses
itself amid the columns and scaffolding of the un-
finished dome of the Capitol, that he will shatter
this Republic "from turret to foundation-stone,"
we are apt to understand that he is executing a
grand rhetoric fugue, and that he is not half so
much in earnest as he would have us imagine.
But when a gentleman, mature in years, with a
cold logic, a calm demeanor, but a sincere heart
and earnest purpose, tells us, in the midst of in-
vasion and murder—the legitimate and inevitable
fruits of the "irrepressible conflict," which has
been proclaimed against his own section—that he
is not alarmed, and believes that no mischief is
intended, we only understand that he invites
aggression.
Sir, I am this moment reminded by the appear-
ance of the gentleman before me, [Mr. Briggs,]
that I need no better illustration of the melancholy
change in public sentiment at the North within the
past few yeafs. Here he sits upon the only na-
tional side of this Chamber, sole exemplar of the
" lost politics" of the Whig party, faithful among
the faithless only he; sole representative of the
flag of our country, solitary and alone, e yluribus
unum. [Laughter.] Sir, does not all this mean
something?
But I will pursue this subject no further. I find\
no pleasure in it. I have said, and I think the <
dullest among us cannot fail to discern it now, :
that there is danger, great and most imminent i
danger of a speedy disruption of the Union of |
these States. Too many of you of the South '
desire it; and but too many of you of the North 1
are either striving for, or reckless whether it comes ;
or not.
Sir, I will not consent that an honest and con-
scientious opposition to slavery forms any part
of the motives of the leaders of the Republican
party. In the earlier stages of the abolition agi-
tation, it may have been otherwise; but not so
now. This whole controversy has now become
but one of mere sectionalism, a war for political
domination, in which slavery performs but the
part of the letter x in an algebraic equation, and
is used now in the political algebra of the day
only to work out the problem of disunion. It
was admitted in 1820, in the beginning, by Rufus
King, who hurled the first thunderbolt in the Mis-
souri controversy, to be but a question of sec-
tional power and control. To-day, it exists and is
fostered and maintained, because the North has,
or believes that she has, the power and numbers
and strength and wealth, and every other element
which constitutes a State, superior to you of the
South. Power has always been arrogant, domi-
neering, wrathful, inexorable, fierce, denying that
constitutions and laws were made for it. Power
now and here is just what power has been every-
where and in every age. But, gentlemen of the
North, you who ignorantly or wittingly arc hur-
rying this Republic to its destruction; you who
tell the South to go out of the Union if she dare,
and you will bring her back by force or leave her
to languish and to perish under your overshadow-
ing greatness; did it never occur to you that when
this most momentous but most disastrous of all
the events which history shall ever to the end of
time record, shall have been brought about, the
West, the great West, which you now coolly
reckon yours as a province, yours as a fief of
your vast empire, may choose, of her own sov-
ereign good will and pleasure, in the exercise of
a popular sovereignty which will demand and
will have non-intervention, to setup for herself?
Did you never dream of a Western Confeder-
acy? Did that horrid phantom never flit across
you in visions of the night, when deep sleep falls
upon men ? Sir, we have fed you; we have clothed
you; we have paid tribute to, and enriched you,
for now these sixty years. We it is who nave
