1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1487
law itself. It will bo found on page 685, Statutes
at Large, volume three:
"All act to relievo the people of Florida from the operation
of ceitain ordinances.
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That an ordinance numbered three, made and passed on
tho 18th of Julyy 1821, by Major General Andicw Jackson,
Governor of the provinces of the Florida?, entitled 'An or-
dinance providing for the naturalization of the inhabitants
of the ceded Territory,' and an ordinance passed by the
city council of St. Augustine, on the 17th of October, 1821,
imposing and laying certain taxes on the inhabitants, and
all other laws, ordinances, or resolves, so far as they en-
force or confirm the same, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed, and declared null and void.
" Sec. 2. And be it farther cnacted, That if any person
shall attempt to enforce any of said laws, otdinances, or
resolves, by demanding and receiving any tax, imposition,
or assessment, authorized or proscribed thereby, such per-
son shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by fine, not
exceeding $200, oi by imprisonment, not exceeding six
months, either oi both of said punishments.
"Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That the President
of the United States shall, in such manner and under such
regulations as he may dnect and prescribe, cause to be re-
funded to any person any sum of money which he may
have paid under ot by vntue of either of said laws, ordi-
nances, or i evolves.
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
be m force from and after the 1st day of June next.
" Approved May 7,1822."
What I claim is, that the legislation of the
Territory was overthrown by positive act of Con-
gress; and that Congress went further, and sub-
stituted independent legislation in its place; de-
claring that the man who undertook to assess and
collect those fines should subject himself to the
penalties of fine and imprisonment; and that it
went to the still further extent of directing the
President of the United States to return the money
which had been unjustly exacted from the parties
who had been fined by the territorial authorities.
Thus it was asserted that Congress was bound to
protect private rights m the Territories; and it was
thus asserted even against the ordinances of An-
drew Jackson himself, the man of iron nerve and
iron will, who was then Governor of Florida.
Who was President then, sir5 James Monroe,
and it is thus seen that in tho days of " the model
President," as he was termed, squatter sover-
eignty was not recognized at either end of the
avenue. Neither the President and his Cabinet,
nor Congress, recognized the right of the people
of a Territory to legislate as they saw fit, though
they were led by Jackson himself. Their legis-
lation was overthrown by direct act of Congress.
They were not permitted at that early day to
pass laws in derogation of the rights of the" cit-
izens of tho several States of this Union.
Well, sir, I proceed a step further. In 1831,
when Jackson himself was President, Congress
again interposed, and its action received his sanc-
tion. On the 30th of June, in that year, Presi-
dent Jackson approved •' An act repealing certain
acts of the Legislative Council of the Territory
of Florida." I call your attention to that law, in
volume four, page 740, of the Statutes at Large:
kt An act repealing certain act* of the Legislative Coun-
cil ot the Tcuitoiy of Floiida."
I invoke the attention of Senators, and especially
of our Republican brethren^
" Be it cnacted, <.Vc.. That all such acts or parts of acts
parsed by the Legislative Council of the Terutoiy of Fioi-
ida, as may impose a huiher oi gieater tax on the slaves or
other property of non-resident eirizen.-, than is Imposed on
the slaves or other ■propetly of i evident e.tizcns of ^<i>d T.n-
ritoiy, be, and the same at'e hereby, lepeaied and declared
null and void.
Sec. 2 Jlndhe it fait her cam ted, Th.it if any pcr-on shall
attempt to enforce any of the not*., or pmts oi acts, pa-serl
by the Legislative Council of the Teiutoiy ot Floiida, a^
aforesaid, by demanding or leceiving any tax, imposition,
or asse^'-mcnt, authonzed or prescribed theiebv, >ttch per
son shall, on conviction theieof, be punished by fine not
exceeding .^200, or by nnpusonment not exceeding six
months, or either or both of bald punishments.*'
Now, air, the first idea which is suggested to
the mind of the reader in refeienee to these sec-
tions is this: that Congress speaks of slaves as
■property. 11 Slaves or other property" is the lan-
guage employed; slaves being thus distinctly rec-
ognized in the Territory of Florida as property.
The next idea is, that 1834 was a sort of Augustan
age in politics. There has been, perhaps, never
a more remarkable period in our history than in
1834. General Jackson was President; Martin
Van Buren was Vice President; Louis McLane,
Judge Taney, General Cass, Mr. Woodbury, Mr.
Barry of Kentucky, and Mr. 13. P. Butler of
New York, were in the Cabinet; while Mr. Clay,
Mr. Webster, Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Silay Wright,
Mr. Benton, Mr. Frehnghuysen, Mr. Tallmadgc,
Mr. Rives of Virginia, Mr. Southard, Mr. For-
syth, and other great lights, were in the Senate.
At that day, the House of Representatives was
adorned by the presence of such men as John
Cluiiicy Adams, Edward Everett, Millard Pill-
more, Horace Binney, George McDuffic, John
Bell, James K. Polk, Edward A. Hannegan, An-
drew Stevenson, Richard M. Johnson, Trjistam
Burgess, and ahundred others, scarcely less distin-
guished. And yet, sir, the bill which* I have read
was passed in both Houses of Congress, so far as
the record shows, without a dissenting voice. The
yeas and nays were not called, either in the Se'nate
or House of Representatives, so far as I have
ascertained. An act of Congress overthrowing an
act hostile to slavery in a southern territory was
passed, 1 say again, in both Houses of Congress,
with all these illustrious sages and patriots sitting
there, without a dissenting voice.
But, Senators, how have we fallen ! To-day it
is claimed that the whole business of Congress is
to legislate against protection to slave property;
and 1, humble as 1 am, making no pretensions
anywhere, am denounced as a heretic—as a sort
of political barbarian, for demanding now that
which, in 1834, was yielded by men of all parties.
To-day I stand up in this great presence, and
claim what Andrew Jackson, Henry Clay, Daniel
Webster, John C. Calhoun, .Silas Wright, Sam-
uel L. Southard, John Forsyth, Felix Grundy,
and all the men whoso names adorn the pages of
your past history, unhesitatingly conceded. The
men of the last generation stood where I stand
now, demanding and claiming, and putting upon
the record, that Congress should protect slave
property in the Territories against the encroach-
ments of a Territorial Legislature. Yet, sir, for
making this demand, I am written down in the
Senate, in the House of Representatives, in the
newspapers, everywhere, as a man who is at-
tempting to inculcate new theories. Sir, T incul-
cate the theoriesof Jackson, of Clay, ofWebster,
of Calhoun, of Forsyth, of Southard, and the
most illustrious men who have gone before us. i
ask nothing new, as I have shown, if the record
be not falsely made; and that, I undertake to say,
is impossible.
Now, sir, to prove that I am not mistaken in
reference to this last proposition—I mean as to
what was the true intent and meaning of the law
—I beg leave to call attention to the report of the
committee who introduced it. Remember, this is
a law giving absolute and positive protection to
slave property in Florida against the unfriendly
action of that Territorial Legislature. It came
from a committee consisting of Mr. Williams, of
North Carolina; Mr. Allen, of Kentucky; Mr. ;
Potts, of Pennsylvania; Mr. Johnson, of New i
York. Mr. Anthony, of Pennsylvania; Mr. .Tones,
of Ohio; Mr. Wilson, of Virginia; Mr. Ewing,
of Indiana; and Mr. Gamble, of Geoigia. The
report is No. 2oS, Twenty-Third Congress, first
session:
<l Fchuary 11,
"■Mr. Williams, horn the Committee on the Teintouos,
made the fallowing lepoit:
"The Committee on the Teuuories, to which was ic-
feried the memoual of James M. Garnet!, M. Carnrtt. aad
iMaria H. (J.unett, ul Essex count), Vngnua, iej ort
il The memorialist--, ;>!!e<re tliat lhe\ aic the ou neis of' a
number of -.]ave tenioved ; everal ye;u-' u<jo I join Virginia
to tiic Tenitoiy of FJomla; that the L< '.;:--!atm\; ot taid i
'[Victory has imposed a tax of ten dollais a head on all ill"
skives o[ non-iesidents winch shall be hiiedout, without
ii'ierence to the amount for which ?aid f laves may have
been hired; that ."ui ex poU Jiuto opeiatum wai given lo
tin- etuetnieiit bycippljinjj it to slaves lined nut ^evcra)
week* b''foi" th" pa-i-aice ot the law ; and that the same, oi
pcihaps anothei law. subject-, any non-iesident's siaves
that mav be -old m the Teiutory to a limber tax oi liitccn
dollais each. Th; y theieiuie a^k Confess for lelief,
u The commita e aie satisfied th.it the memorialists are
entitled to K-hef. It is ee'Ueily ai;ai!i-t the policy uf tlie
United State-. as well as the d.elated of common insure,
to allow any Temton.il Le::M.ituie to ta\ the piopeitv of
norj-iesidents hii>hei than the same ptopcit) ol ics:dent
c itizens.''
"To allow a Territorial Legislatuie." If it be
true that a Territory is sovereign, that Congress
has no control over it, then to talk about what you
Will allow it to do is altogether out of the record.
It does not ask you what it may do; but it tells
you what it will do, it being sovereign, according
to the claim of my distinguished friend from flli-
i nois. But tho report proceeds:
(:The pm'.stonaiy amhomy appointed under the actor
February, IHt), having passed an oidmance providing
for the xiatiu ablation ot the inhabitants of Florida, and the
city council of St. Augustine having imposed by ordinance
ceitain taxes upon tire inhabitants, an act of Congress was
passed on the ?th of May, 1822, repealing both ordinances,
and making the execution penal." (See 7th vol. Laws
United States, page 68, chap. 86.)
That is the law which I first read-
"The committee think Congress shonld always protect
the property of the citizens of the United States when sub-
jected to the operation of unjust legislation by the territo-
rial governments. In the case above leferred to, that prin-
ciple ot protection is asserted and maintained in practice.
The same principle requires the samc«practice now: and
for that puipose the committee herewith report a bill."
Thus the committee asserted the obligation of
Congress to give protection to property—ay, sir,
to slave property m the Territories, and. to do it by
direct action. The bill, I repeat again, so far as
my researches have gone, passed both Houses of
Congress, there being no dissenting voice, and
Congress being at that day adorned by the dis-
tinguished names which I have repeated before.
Then, ifin I860 wc have come to the point of deny-
ing this protection, instead of making the advance
movement which some of my friends tell me we
have made, I insist that we have retrograded incon-
ceivably. In 1834 Congress did give, by direct
act, protection to slave property. Clay and Web-
ster, and Calhoun and Forsyth, and Felix Grundy
and Samuel L. Southard, and Silas Wright, and
all these illustrious men, appear, so far as the rec-
ord shows, to have voted for the Jaw. There v/as
not opposition enough in either House of Con-
gress to call the yeas and nays, and T have there-
fore applied the rule that all voted for it. They
sent it to the great sage of the Hermitage, and he
gave his approval to the law which I read before
you to-day. And yet, in 1860, when I come and
demand no more than that, Republicans call me
a terrible extremist, and my Democratic friends
give me the feeblest im.igmable support. Oh, God !
to what depths of infamy are wc sinking in the
South if we allow these things to pass. No, sir;
as lone: as the God who gave me a tongue to speak,
allows me to stand on this floor, or anywhere
else on the surface of this habitable globe, to enun-
ciate the convictions of my heart, I, at least, will
stand up and demand—not ask, not beg, but de-
mand—that justice to the section from which I
come, which I am willing to accord with a free
heart to every other section of this Union.
Mr. President, in the days of which I have
spoken,Congress, as I have shown, was crowded
with orators and statesmen. Jackson guided the
helm, and Webster,Clay, and Calhoun, directed
the storm. In those days, the Government was
administered with a power, wisdom, and energy,
which, I think, it has not known since that
time. In those good old days we were not told
to wait, and dally, and rely upon courts for pro-
tection. Oh, no, sir; in those days we were not
told to rely upon the Constitution and the com-
mon law; but the bold men who had the Govern-
ment m their hands said: "We will administer it
for tiie equal benefit of all; the South shall have
equal rights with the North; the East with the
West." Now, when the South comes hero through
her Senators and Representatives and demands
equal justice, equal rights, and equal protection,
you gi t up all manner of special pleadings; you
say, *■ Wait and dally, do not insist now; perhaps
the in-xt yoai, oi the yeai aftei, oi two or three or
four years h< nee, we will do you justice." Sir,
this is not the language in which the old patriots
of 1802 and 1834 spoke. As I have shown you,
when the illustrious men of that day were asked
for justice, Congress granted it. Even when Jack-
son, the indomitable and immortal Jackson him-
self, had given approval to an ordinance of Florida
m denial of the rights of citizens, Congress over-
threw it, and Jackson bowed in submission to the
aulhoiity of Congress. Fourteen years after-
wards, when he came to be President, Congress
substituted legislation in palpable and dircct vio-
lation of hie own ordinaivc^ and he approved it
as President. 1 have shown you that to be true
by the record; and that it was maintained by both
the executive and legislative branches of the Gov-
ernment, in the most palpable manner, that Con-
gress not only had the right, but that Congress
was in duty bound to protect the property-right
of the citizens m the Territories. Congress did
alFuid protection, Vv 1th the sanction of all the illus-
trious men of that day.
All I ask you to do is to repeat the same thing
to-day. Kansas, more unjustly and with less
