1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2431
wise than most favorable to the confirmation of
their whole property.
I cannot conceive, under these circumstances,
that the Senate will for one moment support the
report of this committee—that they will agree to
put the whole of these matters again in litigation
in the year 1860, and assume to decide the ques-
tion for the Government, in the Government's
own favor; to take a man's property as public
land unless lie brings a suit and prosecutes it with
energy for two years to come. When the matter
shall"have been further debated, and I shall have
time to look over the documents again, I want to
give my friend from Georgia, who asked me for
precedents, one or two others; and I shall make
the motion, when the proper time comes, to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. TOOBMS. Mr. President, I should have
been very well content, as fax' as I was concerned
in this laborious business, to submit the question
to the Senate of the United States upon the report
of the committee; but after what has been said, I
deem it to be my duty to defend that report, and
1 shall now proceed somewhat further. I want
to defend the propriety of the action that is rec-
ommended here. I am quite certain that it vio-
lates no constitutional right; and I am also cer-
tain that it is necessary to justice between man
and man. On that I feel no difficulty whatever.
In the first place, I say that there is not a sin-
gle fact of the slightest importance to the rights of
these parties that is not putin this report, though
it has been attacked by my honorable friend from
Louisiana for important omissions. There was
a confirmation in 1806 that seems not to have
been put in; but the main point which the Sena-
tor made—and the important one—that injustice
had been done to these parties, he totally failed
to show. That is in regard to this statement in
the report:
" Under the term,e all the back lands,'the Iloumas claim-
ants, after the ttcaty of cession, and never before, claimed
and surveyed above one hundred and eighty thousand acres
of laud for a timber privilege-for less than four thousand
acres. Tins timber way scattered over more than three hun-
dred souare miles, in a country not liaunally well adapted
to easy transportation."
Is this a fact? The Senator goes on, in arguing
this case, to show that when, under the law of
1804, in Louisiana, they brought it up to be proved
before our commissioners, they claimed—what?
These one hundred and eighty thousand acres.
Well, sir, he did not show it. He did show that
at some judicial sales they had claimed that one
of these lines went to Lake Maurepas; but the
other line is not within forty miles of Lake Man-
rcpas, and it would never get there if you had run
it all around the circumference of the globe.
If Maurepas was the boundary of the survey,
stop at JViaurepas. One of the lines in 1&04 was
to run down to Lake Maurepas, and the other to
Bayou Manchac, with a distance of one hundred
and twenty degrees between them,and they would
not come together anywhere on this continent.
It takes these lines to make one hundred and
eighty thousand acres. If you run the concession
back to Lake Maurepas, I do not supposeitwould
be possibleto gottwenty thousand acres; and that
is one of the difficulties in the case, that you have
to look elsewhere; and in order that the Senate
may understand this, I have a map of it which is
so large that it can be very well seen, [exhibiting
the map.] it starts on the Mississippi river, runs
down to Lake Maurepas, and the line goes up to
Bayou Manchac with one hundred and twenty
degrees between them. The only concession they
are able to find is to Lake Maurepas, and the
other line, they say, runs to the Bayou Manchac.
Mr. BENJAMIN, Where is the saw-null on
Manchac ?
- Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know. I never heard
of the saw-mill before.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know you did not.
Mr. TOOMBS. But 1 know this: I know that
you cannot find one hundred and eighty thousand
acres under such a claim anywhere else from the
beginning of the world; and under the claim that
is put up here you could claim the half of this
continent if the lines were continued. The case
is a very plain one. If the line goes back to Lake
Maurepas, let it go there. If the other line goes
to Manchac, how that is going to get back again
to Lake Maurepas I do not know; I do not know
in what part of the earth it will reach it.
I say there never was a claim to these one hun-
dred and eighty thousand acres of land, extend-
ing over three hundred square miles, until this
I profession was set up under our Government; and
the gentleman does not show any. There were
some judicial sales in one case, where the party
said li« claimed four leagues, and in one case they
went to Lake Maurepas; and the reason they went
to Maurepas is very obvious. Just below this
concession, Lake Maurepas was within a league
or a feague and a half of the Mississippi. A great
many concessions were made to Lake Maurepas.
The lake and the river ran pretty much together;
but as you went up the river, you got further and
further from the lake; and at a point fifty miles
further up the river, if you undertook to go back
to Lake Maurepas, you would have to go down
the river and around seventy miles to get to it.
Probably concessions in this vicinity from the
river to Lake Maurepas were very common. They
were ordinary concessions of forty arpents. I
admit, if this grant had said it should go back to
Lake Maurepas, it must go there, and both lines
must have gone there, and they must get there
somehow; but certainly that would not justify
going to the Bayou Manchac. You could not make
the lines meet there in a thousand years.
We arc told about the difficulties of the civil law.
I am willing to admit that my own information
in regard to it is very limited; and that is one of
the reasons on which the committee acted. We
said, ,{ Here is a matter involving intricate ques-
tions of law; it certainly is not plain enough for
a congressional confirmation; therefore, take it
away—not for the benefit of the United States, not
to rob anybody of his constitutional rights, but
to keep other people from robbing their own fel-
low-citizens." We do not choose to say that these
persons shall have a title to land against every-
body else, and wc to arm them with the power of
the Government of the United States. 1 here are
more than thirty or forty or fifty Spanish grants,
as I am told, within the limits of this claim. I do
not propose to arm these claimants with the title
of the United States against those grantees, or
even against those squatters who have been spoken
of. I do not wish to arm them with the power, by
our grant, of turning others out. What has pre-
vented them from turning off these squatters for
twenty-five years? What has been the impedi-
ment to their doing it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the use of bring-
ing suit against a squatter who is a najjed tres-
passer, and who has no title to show?
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a great deal better to
bring suit against him than against a man who
has title. My difficulty always was in suing men
that had title. You can easily get a verdict against
a man that has no title. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator misapprc- !
hends the difficulty. What is the use of bringing j
suitagamst asqtuUtcr having no title, who lsupon
forty or eighty acres, and who, if you turn him
off, goes upon another piece a short distance off?
Mr. TOOMBS. But you maintain your title.
You stand on the original title. There were a
great many other persons on the lands than these
squatters. They were there under titles derived
from the same authority. Here are the surveys,
and they show grant upon grant running up the
Mississippi twenty or thirty miles, covered by j
sugar plantations, large and valuable ones, where j
these lines run through, and where they are sur- j
vcycd. H
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. The rear of all those planta- jj
tions is held under sales from these grantees. i]
Mr. TOOMBS. I speak from the records of ;i
the Land Office, which are before me. I have
nc\t been counsel in the case, and am not now; !'
but I have gone to the Land Office, to the officers
of the Government, and got my authority there.
If they are wrong, of course they ought to be
corrected. They show here that large sugar
plantations, sugar plantations originally all the
way up to Manchac, that do not claim under these
parties in any way whatever, and which arc now
m the occupancy of men who have lived upon
them for yeai s, will be covered by this claim. As
to their back concession, I do not know who
bought from these people. I know large num-
bers of them have memorialized Congress*^ and
they say there are five hundred families within
the*limits claimed by them; and they say that
one hundred of them claim by original title under
the French and Spanish Governments. I do not
know whether this is true or not; but there is
evidence to the contrary. One thing I was ceY-
tain of in committee—that there was nothing in
this title which authorized us to confirm the claim
and grant a patent from the United States, in or-
der to enable them to fight their adversaries. That
is the legislation which we propose to repeal.
Now I will go over the history of it.
The honorable Senator speaks of our intruding on
Louisiana, and wants to drive us out.. Who want
to drive us out? Five hundred of these-families
there, as we are told, say they do not want us to
give our title, under which they have been resting
securely for thirty-five years, to persons who had
no title, in order that they may be ousted. That
is the position, and that is what Congress did. If
the Houmas^rant was not worth a cent; if it did
not cover a single acre on the face of the earth,
you have, by the act of Congress, authorized
the claimants to turn all these men out. Why
should theso claimants have your grant? Unless
they have an equity; unless there is some justice
in their claim, certainly the grant ought not to be
made to them. I think it will be hard to maintain
the equity of a claim to one hundred and eighty
thousand acres as a timber privilege to thirty-
eight hundred. I think that would be an enor-
mous equity.
But, sir, i say the Government of the United
States has acted with the utmost good faith to-
ward the people of Louisiana. 1 defend the rep-
utation of my country. It has not treated these
people as the Senator represents. Not a word""*
of it is true. What has been the policy of your
Government there ? I have read the whole of
your acts. When we acquired the Territory, we
compelled persons who liad imperfect titles, who
claimcd by defective titles, who had mere equities,
to go before the commissioners and state what
title they had; and then they were not confirmed,
as the Senator says, by those commissioners, but
they were reported to Congress for confirmation.
We only sent out a commission for information;
that was all. That was the act, and everybody
knows it, for it was decided upon again and again.
It was clear in itself. They were to be reported
to Congress for confirmation. Those who had
good titles need not come at all; and if this Hou-
mas title is good, H is as good against the United
States as against anybody in the woild; and the
gentleman's alarm is all affected about this bill
taking away from him his rights, and selling his
land by the United States. He understands that
question, I have no doubt, a great deal better than
I do; but the bill does not seek to do it, does
not do it. Wc are compelled to treat the lands as.
public lands thatsomebodydocsnotshowa better
-right to. But to get rid of the difficulty at our
own expense, we told them, 44 Bring m your titles;
wc will appoint commissioners to examine them,
and if yuu have a perfect title, you may put it
down, if you choose; but if you are Willing to sit
down under it, as thousands and tens of thou-
sands of honest settlers in Louisiana did so, you
may trust to your title as it is." We did not call
on them to do what the Senator from Kentucky
says the people of California were compelled to
do. My friend from Kentucky was right as to
that, and the Senator from Louisiana is wrong in
the application of that to the other case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I defy the Senator to point
out the difference.
Mr. TOOMBS. The difference was, that in
California we acted as William the Conqueror
did with the Saxons in regard io his Doomsday
book: we called on svery man to come forward
and show his title; and if he did not show it, we
treated the land as public land.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So you did in Louisiana.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. In Louisiana we
only required everybody having imperfect titles
to bring them forward. A man might have lived,
and his ancestors before him, on a tract for a
hundred years. We called on him to show hia
title; to show how far he and his ancestors cov-
ered, how much they spread over. It docs not
appear that these particular claimants occupied
one acre of this one hundred and eighty thousand.
I have never seen any evidence of it; but as far
as the laborious investigation of this question was
concerncd, as a matter of fact (not of civil lavv)
we could not find that they ever were in posses-
sion of one acre, exccpt so much as was covered
by the first concession m fr-ont on the river. That
