46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
36th Cong..'..1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
built up your marts of commerce; we it is who
have caused your manufacturing establishments
to flourish. Who made Boston? What built up
New York, till now, like Tyre of old, she sits
queen of the seas, and her merchant princes and
traffickers are among the honorable of the earth ?
The cotton of the South and the produce of
the West. Maintain this Union, and you will
have them still. Dissolve this Union, if you
dafe; send California and Oregon to the Pacific;
compel the South into a southern confederacy;
force us of the West into a western confederacy;
and then tell me what position would you assume
among the Powers of the earth ? Where then
would be your pride and arrogance, your trade
and business, your commerce and your dominion ?
Look at the map spread out before you. Behold
yourselves, as Mr. Webster said of Austria, " a
mere patch upon the earth's surface." And,
gentlemen of New England, let me ask you,
what if New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New Y ork
should refuse to go with you ? They may refuse.
You are a peculiar people. [Laughter.] I cannot
say God's peculiar people; for you have dethroned
Jehovah, and set up a new and anti-sla«ry god
of your own: and before one year, you will in-
augurate the statue of John Brown in the place
■where the bronzed image of Webster now stands.
[Applause and hisses.] But, suppose these three
States refuse your fellowship. Then would be
fulfilled the prophecy uttered many years ago, of
the reannexation of New England to the British
Crown.
I know well, Mr. Clerk, that within the Union,
we of the West are now, and so far as business
and trade are concerned, must ever remain, tribu-
taries to the North. You have made us so by that
magnificent net-work of railroads which stretches
now from the Atlantic to and beyond the Missis-
sippi. But be not deceived. That " vast inland
sea" is mare nostrum; it is our Atlantic ocean.
Once cut off from the powerful and controlling
ties of a united Government; aliens and foreign-
ers to each other; with police nnd espionage, and
armed force at every depot upon the frontiers,
nature, stronger than man, would reassume her
rights and her supremacy. You made the rail-
road and the telegraph; but God Almighty made
the Mississippi and her hundred tributaries.
Is it not, I appeal to yon, better then lor you of
the North, better for you of the South, better for
us of the West, better for all of us, that this Union
shall endure forever? Sir, I am for the Union as it
is,and the Constitution as it is. Iam againstdis-
unionnowand forever; against disunion whether
for its own sake or for the sake of anything else,
equal, independent, constitutional liberty alone
excepted. Do you ask me when the hour for
disunion will come? 1 tell you never, never,
while it is possible to avert it; never, while we
call have, within the Union, the just constitu-
tional rights which the Union was first made to
secure; never, certainly, till the hour shall come
herein to vindicate the glorious right of revo-
lution.—I speak not of the abstract right of se-
cession.—Do you ask me when that hour will
come? I cannot tell you. Of that every State
and every people must judge for themselves, be-
fore God and the great tribunal of history. Our
fathers, in their day and generation, judged of it
for themselves in our great Revolution. There,
gentlemen, is one precedent at least hallowed by
success, and canonized in the world's history.
American citizens dare not call it in question. I
commend it to you. Study it; ponder over it;
profit by it. I know, indeed, that it has been
sometimes said that our fathers went to war about
a preamble, and fought seven long years to vin-
dicate a principle. But, gentlemen, 1 am not sure
that there is not, m all this, somewhat of the
flourish of rhetoric, and the flash of history; a
little ef the "glittering generalities " of the Decla-
ration of Independence. I fear it may not bo
safe for you to follow that precedent too closely.
Do you ask me whether the election of an anti-
slavery, sectional, Republican President, upon a
sectional platform, pledged to administer the Gov-
ernment for sectional purposes, would,perse, be a
justifiable cause of disunion? I cannot tell you.
But I do tell you, as a western man, and I tell the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] that,
when you of the South shall have attained the
numerical power and strength in this Union, and
shall then organize a southern party, on a south-
ern basis, and, under the forms of the Constitu-
tion, shall elect a southern President, for the pur-
pose of controlling all the vast power and patron-
age and influence of the Government, by action
or non-action, for the advancement of southern
interests, and, above all, for the purpose of ex-
tending slavery into States now free, with the
design of making thom all slave States, I will meet
you as the Irish patriot would have met the in-
vaders of Ireland—with the sword in one hand
and a torch in the other; dispute every inch of
ground, burn every blade of grass, till the lastin-
trenchment of independence shall be my grave.
[Applause.] I will not wait for any overt act.
What! Do I not know that fire will burn, that
frost will congeal, that steel and poison will do
their work of destruction to the human system,
that I shall await the slow process of experiment
to ascertain their natural and inevitable effects?
Never—never! Expcrimentum in vili corpore.
These, Mr. Clerk, are no new doctrines in the
country whence I come. Stronger sentiments, if
possible, were uttered here upon this floor ten
years ago, by a distinguished predecessor of mine,
the Hon. Robert C. Schenclc, of Dayton, my fel-
low-citizen still, and the familiar friend of the elo-
quent gentleman before me, [Mr. Corwin;] an
old-line Whig now, with a slight—very slight—
varnish of Republicanism.
Allow me, sir, to read what he said in a similar,
though not so alarming, crisis in public affairs,
on the 27th of December, 1849:
"If wo of the northern States"—
We had no West then, sir; her existence and
geography have been ascertained and settled
since—
" If we of the northern States would not vote for a
southern man, meiely because lie is a southern man, and
men of the South will not vote for a northern man, meiely
because he is a northern man; and if that principle is to be
carried outfiom here into all onr national polities and elec-
tions, what must lie the result? Disunion. That itself
is disunion. You may disguise nnd cover up as you please,
but, that it will be. Jt may, perhaps, he lcgaided as but the
first step in disunion; but its consequence follows as inev-
itable as fate. One section—the North or tin; South—must
alwav.s have the majority. DKtianehi^e all upon the other
side, and the Union could not hold together a day; it ought
not to hold together ujion such conditions a day. tin tins
(loot we now have iiotn thcfiee Btates one hundred and
forty Kepresenfatives, and ninety from the slave States.
Suppose the lelative numbers vveie reversed: would we
submit to be denied all participation in piivili'gea here?
Not for an iiock. And should we a.k fur such submis-
sion from others ? never! Tlie Whig party say—never.
The true people of the North say—never."
That, sir, was good Whig doctrine ten years
ago. It was good American doctrine in 1856; and
I aver here, upon my responsibility as a Repre-
sentative, that it is good sound Democratic doc-
trine everywhere, and all the time.
Then, sir, I am against disunion. I find no more
pleasure in a southern disumonist than ill a north-
ern or western disumonist. Do not tell me that
you of the South have an apology in the events
and developments of the last few months. I know
you have. War—irrepressible war, has been pro-
claimed against your institution of slavery; it has
been carried into your own States; arson and mur-
der have been committed upon your own soil;
peaceful citizens have been ruthlessly shot down
at the thresholds of their own doors. Youavenged
the wrong; you executed the murderer and the
felon; but he has risen from the dead a hero and
a martyr; and now the apostles of this new Mes-
siah of abolition, with scrip and purse, armed
with the sword, insolent from augmenting num-
bers, apostles rather of Mahomet, disciples of
Peter the Hermit, are but gathering strength and
awaiting the hour for a new invasion. Certainly,
certainly, in all this you have ample justification
for whatsoever of excitement and alarm and indig-
nation pervade now the whole South, from Ma-
son and Dixon's line down to the Gulf of Mexico.
But will you secede now? Will you break up the
union of these States ? Will you bring down for-
ever, in one promiscuous ruin, the columns and
pillars of this magnificent temple of liberty, which
our fathers reared at so great cost of blood and of
treasure? Waitalittle! Waitalittle! Let us
try again the peaceful, the ordinary, the constitu-
tional means forthe redress of grievances. Let us
resort once more to the ballot-box. Let us try
yet again that weapon, surer set and better than the
bayonet.
Mr. Clerk, I aw not, perhaps, so hopeful of the
final result as some other men; but I w"as taught
in my boyhood that noblest of all Roman maxims—
never to despair of the Republic I was taught too,
by pious lips, a yet higher and holier doctrine
still—a firm Delief in a superintending Providence,
which governs in the affairs of men. I do believe
that God, in his infinite goodness, has foreor-
dained for this land a higher, mightier, nobler des-
tiny than for any other country since the world
began; Time's noblest empire is the last. Prom the
Arctic ocean to the Isthmus of Darien; from the
Atlantic to the Alleghanies; stretching far and wide
over the vast basin of the Mississippi, scaling the
Rocky Mountains, and lost at last in the blue
waters of the Pacific, I behold, in holy and patri-
otic vision, one,Union, one Constitution, one
Destiny, [i^pplause.] Butthis grand and magnifi-
cent destiny cannot be fulfilled by us, except as a
united people. Clouds and darkness, indeed, rest
now over us; we are in the midst of perils; rocks and
quicksands are before us;-strife and discord are all
around us. How then, sir—mighty and momen-
tous question, pregnant with the fate of an em-
pire—shall we bring peace to this divided and dis-
tracted country ? Sir, in my deliberate and most
solemn judgment, there is but one way of escape:
and that the immediate, absolute, unconditional
disbandment of this sectional, anti-slavery, Re-
publican party of yours. [Applause in the gal-
leries.] If not, then upon your heads, and upon
the heads of your children, be the blood of this
Republic. You have organized a political party,
based upon geographical discriminations, and for
the purpose of administering this Government for
the benefit of a part. Youhave neither strength,
nor organization, nor existence even, in one half,
nearly, of the States of this Union. Look around
you. Behold upon this side of the House every
section represented. Here are the United States.
What do wo see upon the loft side of this Cham-
ber' Not one solitary Representative of your
faith or party from fifteen States of this Union.
What does all this mean ? It never was so before
m the history of this Republic. What does it all
tend to? Sir, there died not many years ago, in
New England, a man whom you all once idolized
as approaching a little nearer in intellect to our
notions of divinity than most men in any age.
Died, did I say? No, he "still lives;" lives in
history, lives in the public records, lives in his
published works, lives in his public services, lives
upon canvas and in marble and in bronze. Seven
years ago, he wrote to a citizen of bis native State:
"There are in New Hampshire many persons who call them-
selves Whigs, who are no Whigs at all; and no better than dis~
unionists. Jlnyrnanwho hesitates in granting and sccuHng
to every part of the country its just and constitutional rights
is an enemy to the whole country."
I know, gentlemen of the Republican party, that
you profess, many of you, that you would not
deny any constitutional right to the States of the
South. Admit it. But let mo ask you by what
rule of interpretation do you propose to ascertain
these rights ? I appeal to your platforms, to your
speeches, to your acts. Like the learned doctor
of Padua you confess the bond; the Venetian law
cannot impugn it; but you would give the exact
pound of ilesh, sheddmgno blood, cutting nor more
nor less, under penalty of death and confiscation,
than the just pound, not to be made light or heavy
in the balance or the division of the twentieth part
of one poor scruple, nor in the estimation of a
hair. Y ou well know that rights thus yielded are
rights withheld; and withheld, too, with every
aggravation of insult" and wrong. Is that the
spirit of the constitutional compact? Is that the
spirit which animated the great man and patriot
whose ashes repose upon the banks of the Poto-
mac, or of that other hero and patriot who finds
a resting place in his long sleep amid the shades
of the Hermitage? How long, think you, can
such a Union last> and what, above all, is it
worth while it does last?
I have now finished what I desired to say upon
the momentous subjects which have been intro-
duced into this discussion. I have spoken freely
of disunion. The time, most unhappily, has gone
by when that melancholy theme can any longer
be ignored or evaded. It must be met—met
