1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2.
   ;—1—  ; ~"
shadow of authority than Florida, has overturned
the legislation of Congress, thrown herself directly
inthe i'aoeand the teeth of your legislation, nullified
your act, substituted her own laws in place of
yours; yet what are you doing by the resolutions
under discussion to-day? Yousay," Wait and see
whether Kansas will cither fail or refuse to give
adequate protection to slavery." How long are
you going to wait ? What has not Kansas done ?
What have not other Territories done ? They
have not only foiled and refused to give protec-
tion to slave property, but they have nullified the
acts of Congress; they have reversed the whole
order of things, and substituted their own legis-
lation in place of yours. They have gone fur-
ther: they have repealed the fugitive slave law by-
passing a law palpably in contradiction and defi-
ance of it; and yet we are asked to vote for reso-
lutions which say, " Well, if Kansas fails or re-
fuses, then Congress, in some vague way, will
interpose its authority, and set all things right."
Sir, if Congress docs not interpose at this pre-
cise point, Congress never will interpose.
Mr. President, I cannot allow myself to be hum-
bugged in this way. There is nothing in these
resolutions, if we mean to meet the proposition
fairly and squarely, then let us vote as the men
of 1834 did. Let us vote as Clay and Calhoun, and
Forsyth and Southaid, and Grundy, and all the
illustrious men of that day did; let us vote as
Jackson approved, to overturn the unjust legisla-
tion of the Territory and substitute just and honest
legislation in its place. This is what we ought
to do. If wecannot be broughtto this point, there
is nothing which we can do. I would not give
a snap of my finger for these resolutions. I ut-
terly reject them; not in disrespect, of course,
to the gentleman who offered them, but because
there is nothing in them. You tell me you will
give me protection for my property in the Terri-
tories when the Territorial Legislatuie fails or re-
fuses to do so: and this you tell me in full view
of the fact that they have not only failed and re-
fused, but that they have in every way denied
your authority, and passed a statute m derogation
of your authority and set you at defiance; and still
you are waiting Co see whether they will not fail
and refuse to give protection to slave property.
Mr. President, if time permitted, if 1 did not
feel that the Senate was weaned, I would pass
from the consideiatiun of these points to the mat-
ter of the Athcrton resolutions, wluch came up in
1838, I have before me a synopsis of these reso-
lutions and the action upon them. 1 suppose 1
had better not detain the Senate now by discuss-
ing tllem. Tlieresoliitions, however, substantially
carried out the ideas which 1 have promulgated
to-day.
In the Congressional Globe, for the Twenty-
Fifth Congress, third session, volume 7, on page
23, we find, in the proceedings of the House of
Represent.iti\ es, of Tuesday, December 11,1838,
that Mr. At her ton, of New Hampshire, pioposed
a series of live resolutions mdefenseot the rights
of the South. This was at a time when abolition
petitions were being r< eeived by Congress against
the maintenance of slavery in "the Dis'rict of Co-
lumbia, or the legalization of an) the Territory of
Florida. The resolutions of Mr. Alherton were
intended to cut off these petitions, and to relieve
Congress from being troubled in regard to a sub-
ject ovei which, as it was then generally admit-
ted, that body had no powers of restriction or
prohibition.
The first, resolution, declaring the Government
to be one of limited powers, and asseiting that
Congress can have no jurisdiction over slavery in
the States, was passed, oil the day named, by a
vote of 194 to G. (Page 25.)
On the next day, Wednesday, December 12,
1838, the remaining four resolutions were taken
up.
The second, declaring that petitions for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District,, and in the Tern-
torus, were but covert means of the overthrow of
that institutjon in the States, was passed by a vote
of 13G over (if). (Page 27.)
The third resolution was divided. The vote on
the first branch, which determines that Congress
cannot do indirectly what it cannot do directly,
stood 173 in the affirmative, over 30 in the nega-
tive; and the second branch, which dcclarcs°in
terms tliayhe agitation of slavery in the District,
or the Territories, is an " liifringementof the rights
of the States affected," was passed bya vote of 164
against 40. (Page 27.)
The fourth resolution was also divided. The
first branch, declaring that the " Constitution rests
upon the broad principle of equality between the
States," (the very and only principle for which
we now contend,) was passed by a vote of 180
over26. (Page27.) And the second branch, pos-
itively establishing that Congress cannot rightfully
discriminate between the institutions of the States,
received 174 votes in the affirmative, against 24 in
the negative. (Page 28.)
The fifth resolution, following as a necessary
corollary from the other four, denying the power
of Congress to interfere—and refusing even to
consider any abolition petition or proposition—
was also passed by large majorities; the first
branch of it receiving 146 yeas, against 52 nays;
and the second branch 12G yeas, against 78 nays.
(Page 28.)
These resolutions were based on the great prin-
ciple of State equality—the very principle for
which I contend to-day, and it is all I have ever
contended for. I ask nothing more, and if more
than that were laid at my feet to-day, I would
turn away from it, if not in anger or ill scorn, at
least in sorrow for those who offered it. The day,
the hour, the minute has never been, and I trust
never will be, when I shall ask more for Missis-
sippi than I am willing to award to Rhode Island
or Connecticut. For State equality I stand to-
day. For that equality I speak at this moment,
and at this hour, and may my tongue bo palsied
forever, here or elsewhere, if I claim more or con-
sent to take less.
Senators, are you ready to stand to-day against
a power to discriminate between the institutions
of the States ? I read from a record made twenty-
one years ago, a record which shows that Con-
gress, by the overwhelming majority of 174 to 24,
declared that you had no right to discriminate be-
tween the institutions of the States. Yv'hat do
my resolutions ask-1 What docs my bill ask?
What proposition have I submitted to the Senate
which demands anything more than a recognition
of the equality of the institutions of the States?
My State recognizes slavery; yours does not. If
the States be equal, and their institutions be clearly
l'ecognizcd as entitled to equal protection, by what
authority do you demand or exercise the power to
say that you will give protection—adequate and
sufficient protection—to the property of one citi-
zen, and deny it to that of another; that you will
protect the property of my friend from Illinois,
and refuse to protect my property; that you will
protect the property of a northern citizen, and
yet refuse to protect the property of a southern
citizen ?
Mr. President, it must be seen that I ask noth-
ing more now than was conceded in 1822, and
again in 1834, and again in 1838, and only denied
since this doctrine of squatter sovereignty, which
was but a dodge from the Wilmot proviso. Three
times, I have shown you, in the history of the
Government—times, too, when the most illustri-
ous men who have ever adorned its history were
in the two Houses of Congress and adminis-
tering the Government—throe times has all that
I ask been distinctly recognized and put on the
record; and now, because I ask you to go back
and recognize what was done in the days of Mon-
roe, what, was done m the daysof Jackson, what
was done in opposition to the Abolitionists in
1838 and 1839, you meet me with the charge that
I am endeavoring to interpolate liewtheories upon
the Democratic party. Sir, I demand nothing
new. I demand only that you live up to the old
principles, the time-honored land-marks of the
party,and by the party I mean the nation. What
Madison did, what Jackson did, what Clay and
Webstcr and Calhoun, and all the illustrious men
that I have spoken of, did, cannot be impugned
as being unsound. I have shown you that I stand
by the record.
"Mr. President, (Mr. Clay in the chair,) you
and I come from adjacent States. Being closely
allied, I warn you to-day that, so far as 1 am con-
cerned, I do not mean that little, petty neighbor-
hood politicians shall whistle me down the wind.
I know where I stand. I know by whom I stand.
I know the record upon which I stand, and the
men by whom I swear. If I cannot stand by
Monroe and Wirt and Jackson and Clay and
Calhoun and Southard and Wright and Felix
Grundy and John Forsyth, and all the illustrious
men of the last generation, then nil 1 have to say
is, that I am willing to give up the ghost and die.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 propose very briefly to
comment on a portion of the speech of the Sena-
tor from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck,] in refer-
ence to the resolutions which were introduced by
the distinguished Senator from Mississippi, not
now, I regret, presentin the Senate, [Mr. Davis.]
I had determined when I took my seat in this
body not to join in the guerrilla war which has been
going on here on the slavery question, and if I
could have control of the action of this body none
of these resolutions setting forth general princi-
ples would ever have been introduced. I find,
from the hour of the day, that no business will be
taken up for disposition, and, under these circum-
stances, I feel that I shall not be trespassing on
the time that ought to be devoted to the serious
consideration of the business of the country by
giving the views which I may have upon the dis-
tressing questions now agitating the public mind.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
move an adjournment?
Mr. WIGFALL. I would rather speak now,
because we can do nothing else. To-morrow we
can attend to business. I do not desire to address
the galleries. The fairness with which the Sen-
ator from New Jersey has stated his propositions,
the apparent calmness, and the ea"rnestncss of the
convictions which seem to have impressed him,
induce me to reply to him at once on a point that
is directly in issue; and if I can remove his mis-
apprehensions, I am inclined to think, from the
fairness with which he has discussed this question,
that he will yield, and in doing so confer the
greatest blessing that has ever been made for this
country.
He seems to predicate the whole of his slavery
agitation, and the course that he is pursuing on
this subject, on the apprehension that he is in-
dorsed, and that the principles which he now ad-
vocates were indorsed by those who have been
called the fathers of the country. I differ from
the Senator from Mississippi, who has just ad-
dressed the Senate [Mr. Brown] on pinning my
faith to anybody's sleeve, or claiming that because
Calhoun, or Jefferson, or Monroe, or Adams, or
Clay voted in a particular manner, therefore, ipso
facto, the proposition is established that I am
right. These gentlemen all differed from them-
selves at different periods, and at the same period
they differed from each other. It is useless to go
back, in a Government like ours; we can gam
nothing by it. We must put every proposition in
the crucible of argument, and there try its truth.
If we are right, it will be ascertained; if we are
wrong, it can be so shown.
The fact to which I wish to draw the attention
of the Senator from New Jersey is, that the
fathers, as they are called, never sanctioned the
principles which he is now advocating. It is true
that Mr. Jefferson did think, and Mr. Madison
did, and 1 am willing to admit that General Wash-
ington did suppose that slavery was an evil, mor-
ally, socially, and politically. What of this? Be-
cause Mr. jefferson supposed that slavery was
an evil, does it follow that Mr. Jefferson believed
that this Federal Government had the right to
abolish it in the States, or to legislate against it in
the Territories? What are the facts' In 1820,
when Congress attempted to legislate—and did
legislate on the subject, under what has been called
the Missouri Restriction—Mr. Jefferson denounced
it. He spoke of it as a fire-bell in the night; he
spoke of that act as one that would probably lead
to a dissolution of the Union. Is it not, then,
clearly a Hon sequitur to introduce Mr. Jefferson
here as authority for legislative action against
slavery in the Territories, when he denounced the
first act of this Government on that very question ?
Why, sir, to believe that slavery is not a good
thing per se, and to be in favor of legislating
against it by this Government, are very different
things. The question is, " What are the powers
of the Federal Government?" and upon that sub-
ject I propose now to give very briefly my views.
I am aDemocrat. I mean that I believe in a strict
construction of the Constitution. I mean that I
am in favor of administering the Government ac-
cording to the principles set forth in the Demo-
cratic platform. If I did not, I should belong to
the opposite party, whatever might be my opin-
ions on the subject of slavery. Then, what ars
