1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
people of this whole country can repose in its determined
conservatism of the Union—non-interference by Con-
gress with slavery in state and territory, or in
the dlbtiuct of columbia."
Does the gentleman from Georgia indorse that
resolution ? Its language is "non-intervention with
slavery in State and Territory." There is no mis-
taking it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was "present .when
that resolution was adopted, and I voted for it.
The gentleman will see that it uses the word ' * non-
interference •"
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Well, let non-inter-
ference he the word. It is synonymous with non-
intervention. There is no difference between
non-interference and non-intervention as applica-
ble to popular sovereignty.
Mr. HILL. Docs the gentleman believe that
it would be consistent with that platform for Con-
gress to pass an act for the protection of slavery
in the Territories ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I answered that
question a few days ago in a speech which I then
made. I answer again, no. I stand upon no such
platform, and I do notbeheve you can find three—
no, I do not believe you can find one northwestern
Democrat who will get up here and say that he
stands upon any such platform.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I repeat, I was present
when that resolution was adopted, and that! voted
for it, as I did for every one in the Cincinnati
platform. I call the gentleman's attention to this
resolution:
" Resolved, That we recognize the ricrlit of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
thiough the legally and fairly expressed will of a m.vjoiity
of actual resjdfnH, and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a Constitution, with or with-
out domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon
terms of pcrfect equality with the other States.
That resolution, sir, fixes the time; that is when
they come to form their State constitution; and so
it was understood by those who adopted it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That, sir, is pre-
cisely the argument that the Republicans of my
district made on that resolution; it is precisely the
argument that my Republican competitor made
upon every stump where I met him. I will say,
Mr. Clerk, to the gentleman from Georgia, in all
frankness, that the first resolution is not incon-
sistent with the second. I know not what may
have been the secret understanding of the gentle-
man; I take the language as it is, and the resolu-
tions as I find them. The first declares that the
people of a Territory, as well as those of a State,
shall determine the question of slavery for them-
selves. The second resolution merely says that
when they come to form a State government, they
shall also enjoy the right then of saying whether
they will or Will not have slavery. The two res-
olutions are not m conflict with each other, but,
on the contrary, arc in harmony one with the
other.
The gentleman from Georgia says he wishes to
retire. Before he' goes, I would like to ask him
a single question. I did not rise for the purpose
of entering into any discussion of the subjects re-
ferred to, so much as to show that the position of
the President on the question of slavery m the Ter-
ritories, as stated by me the other day, and con-
troverted by the gentleman, is thejust and proper
one. I will read a paragraph or two from Mr.
Buchanan's letter of acceptance:
" The agitation on the question of domestic slavery ha*
too long distracted and divided the people of this Union and
alienated their affections from each othei. This agitation
has assumed many forms since its commencement, but it
now seems to be directed chiefly to the Territories ; and,
judgnigfrom its present character,! think that we may safely
anticipate that it is rapidly appioaehing a ' finality.' The
recent legislation of Congress respecting domestic slavery,
derived, as it has been, from the original and pure foun-
tain of legitimate political power, the will of the majouty,
promises ere long to allay the dangerous excitement. This
legislation ib founded upon principles as ancient as fiee
government itself, and m accordance with them has sim-
ply declared that the people ol a Territory, like those ot a
State, shall decide lor themselves whether slavery shall or
bliall not exist within their limits."
u The Nebraska-Kansas act does 110 more than give the
force of law to tins clementaiy principle ot self-govern-
ment; declaring it to be 4 the true intent and meaning ot
tins act not to legislate slavery into any Territoiy or State,
nor to exclude it therefrom; but to leave the people thereot
perfectly hoe to form and regulate their domestic msUtu- ;
tion* m their own way, subject only to the Constitution of 1
the United {States.* This principle will surely not be con-
troveited by any individual ot any party professing devo-
tion to popular government. Besides, how vain arid illu-
sory would any other principle prove in piaetiee 111 regaid
to the Ten Hones - This is appaiem from the fact admit-
ted by all, that after a Territory shall have entered the
Union and become a State, no constitutional power would
then exist which could prevent it from either abolishing or
establishmg^slavery, as the case may be, according to its
sovereign will and pleasure."
Now, Mr. Clerk, that is the President's inter-
pretation of the Cincinnati platform, and I would
like to ask my friend from Georgia v/hether he
indorses that language or not.
A Member. He has left the Hall.
Mr. NOELL. If the gentleman will permit me,
I will make a suggestion. That letter of accept-
ance was written in the month of June, 1856, sub-
sequent to the time when the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas had passed an act taking the initiatory
steps for calling a convention to frame a State con-
stitution, and it may have been that the statement
of Mr. Buchanan had reference to the action of
that anticipated convention; and in reference, also,
to the uniform action of every new State which
had been formed from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment, in settling this matter in their constitu-
tion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. As the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Underwood] is not here to
respond, and the gentleman from Missouri has
kindly volunteered as a substitute, I will ask him
the question I propounded to the gentleman from
Georgia, whether he approves or disapproves of
the language.
Mr. NOELL. I approve it, in view of the con-
struction I give it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then the gentle-
man construes it, I suppose, as meaning that the
people of the States may go into the Territories
with their slave property, and hold it there under
the Constitution. That was not the generally
received construction at the time that letter made
its appearance; nor, as far as 1 have seen, has the
President ever undertaken to construe it away,
except in this, that he has taken a step in advance
of it, and assumed a different position. I ask the
gentleman from Missouri what difference it made
in reference to the force and sigmiicancy of the
language, whether the people of n Territory had
or had not met for the purpose of taking the in-
itiatory steps for the organization of a State gov-
ernment ?
Mr. NOELL. J will answer the gentleman. I
understand that at the time that letter of accept-
ance was written, the question was raised in that
letter in reference to the existence of the slavery
question as it stood then in Kansas, about which
this difficulty had arisen. It was in reference to
the meeting of that convention which was to take
place under the territorial law, that he. spoke, in
that letter.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. This language ap-
plies to all the Territories, and the President refers,
not to the action of the people of Kansas, but to
the Kansas-Nebraska act, as containing' the prin-
ciple of non-intervention to which we all agreed
in the Cincinnati convention.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman does not under-
stand me. I do not mean that the general prin-
ciple was not laid down, but that in construing
the language we must have regard to the circum-
stances which existed at the time the language
was used.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The language, as
I before remarked, is applicable to all the Terri-
tories, and it was to that resolution m the Cincin-
nati platform and to the Kansas-Nebraska act
that the President was responding, and upon that
platform he agreed to take his position. He did
take it there, fully and squarely, and he cannot
be lifted out of the mire by constructions. If he
had taken the position he now occupies before
his election, he could not have received the votes
of a corporal's guard in any free State of this
Union.
I stated the other day that he had abandonea
his original position, that he had forsaken his
doctrine, that he had made a bid for the southern
vote in the Charleston convention, and I repeat it
now. I know 110 other motive to which his ac-
tion can be ascribed. Sir, itis folly and madness
to undertake to make the intelligent people of this
Union believe that the people of the Territories
were not included m the resolution of the Cincin-
nati convention, as well as the people of the States,
and that it was not the real object of that body to
let them settle the slavery question for themselves.
The great object was to get this slavery agitation
out of Congress, to transfer it to the people, and
to let them settle it for themselves. We said to our
southern brethren," if you can go into a Territory
and take your slaves there and organize a local
Government to protect them, all well, it is none
of our business. ' We said to. the people of the
free States, the principle of non-intervention is
correct, and " if you can outnumber those from '
the slave States and make a free State, it is just
as well; it is none of our business; we wash our
hands of it." Thus we transferred the whole
question from the Halls of Congress to the people
of tho Territories to be settled by them in their
own way and in conformity to then- own notions.
Sir, the Democratic convention—I do not mean
the convention of Danites thatmetat Springfield,
the capital of Illinois, on the 10th instant, com-
posed of a few Government officials—but the Dem-
ocratic convention, composed of eight hundred
freemen, who came up from every part of the
State as regularly-appointed delegates, to reflect
the views and opinions of those there represented;
I mean the great Democratic party of Illinois, and
which assembled on the 4th of January, instant,
gave their interpretation to the Cincinnati plat-
form in the following resolution:
" Resolved, That in the opinion of the Democracy of Illi-
nois, Mr. Buchanan truly interpreted tho Cincinnati plat-
form in his letter accepting the presidential nomination,
when he said < the people of a Territory, like those of a
State, shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall or
shali not exist witbm their limits.' "
There is another resolution having reference to
the Dred Scott decision, which shows the views
the convention entertained of and the construction
they gave to it. These resolutions of that body,
have been published to the world as thesentiments
of the Democracy of the State which I, in part,
represent here, and I believe they arc the senti-
ments of ninety-nine hundredths of the Democratic
party of the Union. Here is the second resolu-
tion referred to:
" RcvdrcA, That the3 Democracy of Illinois repel with
ju«t indignation the injur.ous and unfounded imputation
upon thc'integrity and impartiality of the Supreme Court,
which is contained in the assumption on the part of the
so-called Republicans that, m the Dred Scott case, that
august tnbuual decided against the right of the people of
the Territories to determine the slavery question for them-
selves, without giving them an opportunity of being heard
by counsel in defense of tlieir rights of self-government,
and when there was no territorial law, enactment, or fact
before the court upon which that question couid possibly
arise."
Allow me to soy again, that my only object in
rising was to respond to that part of the remarks
of 
Mr. JACKSON. I desire to state at this point
that the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. TJnder-
■wood,] to whom the gentleman from Illinois has
addressed certain questions, has left the Hall, and
is not now present.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I only asked the
gentleman one question which he ha? not replied
to, and that was whether the gentleman indorsed
the language in the President's letter of accept-
ance of the nomination of the Cincinnati conven-
tion, which I read to the House. When inter-
rupted, I was going on to say that I had felt it my
duty in this House heretofore, as I shall feel it
my duty hereafter, to vindicate, whenever assailed,
this great doctrine of popular sovereignty, and to
show, as I think I have shown to-day, that the
President has changed front upon it. I did not
enter into this discussion for the purpose of en-
gendering any acrimony or ill feeling. As I re-
marked the olher day, and as I stated to the con-
vention which nominated me for reelection to this
body, I will fight this battle inside, and not out-
side, of the Democratic party; inside of the organ-
ization, and not out of it.
I have shown my willingness not to raise this
issue, or to force it upon others. I make no new
tests. If tests are made upon me, at the proper
time I shall repel them. I went into the Demo-
cratic caucus; I voted for Mr. Boc ock until lie with-
drew; and I then voted for various other southern
men. I have stood within the organization, and
I mean to stand there still.
I shall raise my voice, feebly it may be, when-
ever it is attempted to be shown that the President
has not changed front upon the doctrine of popu-
lar libert}', or an effort is made to overthrow it
here. I was so much indisposed to-day that 1
was scarcely able to leave my room and reach
u this Hall, but 1 could not sit quiet in my seat and
11 witness an effort made to construe away tnePres-
