THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN O. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1860.
New Series No. 153.
Mr. Crittenden, and I thought you had argued
them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No.
Mr. TOOMBS. Some of these judges have
been deciding, in Louisiana; and have a special
and particular knowledge of this subject; are well
versed in the local laws and the practice under
them. The distinguished judge from Alabama,
Judge Campbell, has done so. He lives in one of
these Spanish concessions, the city of Mobile,
and probably is as well versed in this branch of
knowledge as any gentleman in the United States;
certainly as well as any gentleman in this body.
In 1814, with a very liberal hand, not taking
advantage of difficulties, not taking advantage of
doubts, not taking advantage of technicalities, said
to close this whole business, Mr. Gallatin made
the report in 1812, and in 1814 Congress passed
an act, saying we will confirm every one of them
recommended for confirmation that does not ex-
ceed a league square. "Why? Because that was
according to O'Reilly's instructions, and I believe
was the law, though I do not say it was, because
1 am very doubtful of my own opinion as to the
laws of Louisiana, and would not like to be bound
by it. My opinion is worth but little; but I have
read the decision of the Supreme Court, as became
my duty under the commission you gave me. For
the information about their laws that I have, I am
indebted to the burden you put on my back. I
have no doubt that the Spanish Governor, at this
very time, in 1777, had no right, under his instruc-
tions, to issue a grant for more than a league
square, and that has been one of the difficulties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. O'Reilly was himself but
a Governor. The Supreme Court of the United
States have held repeatedly that O'Reilly's in-
structions were for the Governor's subordinates,
and that one Governor could not bind his succes-
sors in his instructions, any more than one Pres-
ident can bind the Government.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that was the argument
on one side.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the judgment of
the Supreme Court.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think otherwise. I think
O'Reilly's instructions were binding. When Mr.
Clifford gave his opinion as Attorney General in
1847, he put to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office two questions, and ho declared that
the United States never had confirmed, either by
act of Congress or by commissioners, any con-
cession greater than a league square. I give you
that authority. You will find it in the Attorney
General's report. They had been acting under
that idea. I admit that sometimes the claims were
indefinite: but the largest amount of the tracts was
a league square. The attorney of these parties
in Louisiana, Mr. Janin, presented all these cases
from the land office in Louisiana, and they all s tan d
on this basis; they are perfectly plain; whenever
a concession for forty arpents front and rear was
given, so much front and forty arpents in the rear,
the usual concession, it was necessary to fix the
beginning, the two points of the river; and the
concession being; in the rear for forty arpents,
they ran back two arpents to show the course, and
that perfectly described it. For example: agiant
was made on the Mississippi river, commencing
at this point and that point, and then running
north ten degrees west, forty arpents. Then, if
you put down two posts at the beginning, and
two others, at least, it is as perfectly described by
this man Andry as if you had run around it one
hundred and fifty times, and thrown a wallaround
it. If you find the beginning, show the course
and distance, and then put down two posts, al-
though you may not survey the whole forty ar-
pents, the tract is perfectly described. It was a
forty-arpent concession; it was not necessary to
run the linesallthe wayaround,becauseitstopped
at forty arpents, and the line closed itself. It ran
from one end to the other. So, if this had been
a concession described in the grant from the Mis-
sissippi river to Lake Maurepas, it would have
been certain and defined. It was pretended, years
afterwards, by one of the grantees, that it lay with
153
one leg on Maurepas; and the Senator can never
find a single resting place for the other on the
face of the earth, until they got to Manchac.
That was not Lake Maurepas. With the course
it runs, it cannot be less than seventy miles from
that, taking the meandorings of the stream. Man-
chac runs into the Amite, and the Amite runs into
Lake Maurepas; and, perhaps, takingall the mean-
derings, the distance may be one hundred miles,
I am certain it cannot be less than seventy, from
the starting point. One leg is on Maurepas, and
the otheris pointing northward; andit neverwill
reach it on the face of the earth, unless the course
is changed. If it was to run back to Maurepas,
it was unnecessary for Andry to do more than he
did—give the starting point, give the course,give
three stumps, which showed the course and dis-
tance, and where it was to go to, and that was as
perfect a description as if you had rnn a chain
around it; just as good in the civil law as the
common law. That is exactly the case with us
every day in our ordinary surveys. If you have
four sides, say a square, you run three of them,
and when you get your third corner, you say,
" straight from there to the beginning." All you
have to do then is, to make a straight line to the
beginning corner. That is just as descriptive as
if you had thrown up an embankment around it.
Everybody knows that at common law, or
civil law, to make a grant good you must first find
out what it is, and where it is. It may be uncer-
tain at the civil or the common law; but apart
from all law, to give what cannot bo found, and
what cannot be ascertained, is a void grant of ne-
cessity. If you can identify the spot, I do not
know but that the civil law may bo more liberal
in moving the ground, in shaping it in order to
accommodate itself to what was granted. That
may be true for all I know, for I have very little
familiarity with,the civil law; but the great prin-
ciple that the thing granted must be sufficiently
known and described, is a universal principle,
known to all jurisdictions at all times. If you
have natural marks—rivers, lakes, and mount-
ains—they define^the grant very well, and you
can run to them; but, in this case, as one of the
land officers said, the claim, as now urged, would
embrace a largo part of Arkansas and Missouri,
if they ran as far as Spain had any land. If you
get to Manchac, why stop there ? When it struck
Manchac it had to stop, because beyond that, in
1777, was the British boundary. England came
to the eastern side of Manchac by the treaty of
1763. The Senate will remember that Florida was
ceded by Spain to Great Britain at the treaty of
Paris. During our Revolution it was wrenched
from her grasp by Spain, and she gave it back.
In 1777, during our Revolution, the grant was
made. It was lucky for Spam, or for somebody
else, that it had not been granted just five years
later, after the treaty of Paris, in 1784, or, under
this claim, it would have taken all Florida if it
ran as far as Spain had land; and in order to get
a timber privilege for thirty-eight arpents, you
might get an empire.
The words of the grant were " all the back
lands;" and many of the authorities, on the ex-
amination I have given them, show that they are
modified by other words. What is the purpose
for which the back lands were wanted.' The hon-
orable Senator shows a report of a case where
twenty-five thousand acres was considered a saw-
mill concession. That was true in new countries;
but the answer to that is, that this was not a saw-
mill concession, but it was a concession on the
Mississippi river for the purpose of farming; and
after the land had been surveyed, the party said:
" I have not timber for fencing, and other neces-
saries on the plantation, and I want you to give
me enough to yield thattiinber;"andnowitmeans
this: " I will follow the course until I strike Mau-
repas on one side, and Manchac on the other,
and I will take one hundred and eighteen thou-
sand acres of land under this modest request for a
wood privilege for three thousand eight hundred."
That is the case. It strikes me, as it has struck
your land officers, as a very extraordinary claim.
They refused it. These parties came in 1836 and
tried to get a confirmation. This record shows
that twice bills were introduced to confirm this
claim; but they never were passed. They came
up again and again, the claimants undertaking to
get Congress to confirm it; but Congress would
not do it. They confirmed everybody else; why
not this? I suppose for the very reason that I
would not have confirmed it if I had known what
it was—that I thought it unreasonable. I would
confirm titles if I thought they were fair; and even
small titles, if they were.not very perfect, where
there were meritorious considerations; but where
there is a claim to some two hundred thousand
acres of land in which the case does not look rea-
sonable, it is better, it is nothing but justice, to
turn the parties over to the tribunals of' the coun-
try ,"^o ascertain if they have rights, and if they
have, to give them to them. They cannot com-
plain of our turning these people on them. But
for the act of 1811, anybody could have gone oil
them. We cannot turn the squatters off these
lands. Every squatter in America may go on
them. The complaint is not that we allow the
squatters to go on; but that we granted titles con-
trary to the act of 1811. The court declared all
those patents wore void, and very properly. Then
the squatters were where they were before. It
never hurt the claimants in the least, because the
whole of the squatters might come and get their
money. How did it hurt you? It is no ground
for complaint against the Government. AH that
eloquence of the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana was lost, because they were just where they
were before. They could have sued them. Why
did they not do it ? Can we help that ? There are
very large land-owners in Louisiana, and proba-
bly some gentlemen here may own land in Louisi-
ana. If a squatter gets on it he can sue him. The
Senator asks, what is the use of suing him? I
answer, I can got back the land and damages for
tile unjust detention, if he is good for them; but
whether he is or not, that is all the law can give
anybody. We have given those parties the courts;
we have given them an honestjudiciary to assert
their rights. I know that wo tried to do our duty
under the treaty of 1803, and we have done it; and
therefore I say they have no right to demand a
grant from us; they do not require one from us;
even the fact that other ]">eopIe did go there, did
not hurt them, if they had a good title.
Judge Campbell said properly, that the Govern-
ment ought not to invest tliem with its title when,
by the act of 1811, it had agreed not to do it until
the matter was settled. The Government has not
settled it, except by pie act of 1858. Now, how
was that act passed ? My friend from Missouri
[Mr. Polk] had some cases, in that State, which
were not settled—five or six. I do not know why
they were not settled; but I suppose, if you will
look into it, you will find it was becausc they
were not good. In this case, there were two opin-
ions. I concede that, according to Mr. Clifford's
interpretation, he was wrong. I think confining
his descriptions to these two arpents was errone-
ous; because it might have been good to describe
a back concession; it might even have been good
for a league square, if the grant itself warranted
it; and, therefore, to stop simply because he did
not go further than two arpents, was ail error in
judgment of Mr. Clifford, when he gave that opin-
ion'to the President of the United States. In 1844,
when these claimants came, they went to Judge
Bibb, and said the act of 1814 authorized him to •
issue patents. They did not sue anybody. They
did not sue any of those five hundred people, as
far as I know. As we have stated here, and the
fentleman has not shown the contrary, they never
ared to trust their title against a squatter, though
they had it fifty years, and although the land was
covered with them; although there was the town
of Galveston on the background; although there
were one hundred Spanish grants. They never
tested it, so far as I know. There may have been
suits that I do not know anything about; but I
say, as far as my knowledge goes, (and, in pur-
suance of my duty as a member of the commit-
