1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. Resistance to Blach Republican Domination—Mr. Singleton.
Ho. op Reps.
promptly, and metnot with affected contempt, nor
with real indifference. I have not spoken of it
with any unmanly terror, but only with that sad
and solemn alarm and apprehension which every
patriot ought to feel in contemplating the overthrow
of a Union so grand, a Constitution so admirable,
a Government so vast, and institutions so noble,
as these under and in the midst of which we are
still permitted to live.
Sir, a southern pa^r, not many miles from this
Capitol, has been pleased to say that there is no
southern State contemplating secession, in any
possible contingency. No; they are only " coolly
calculating the effect of disunion threats upon the
nerves of the northern and western States." I
do not believe it. Whoever utters it libels the
South and the North and the West. Idle threats
and menaces will no longer frighten any one. Mu-
tual interests and mutual fears do indeed bind us
together still; but fraternal affection and good will
are the only bands which can keep us a united peo-
ple. They are the silver cord and the golden bowl
which are now so well nigh broken at the fount-
ain. If they be indeed snapped asunder, then nor
threats, nor fears, nor interests, nor anything else
can keep us together. My nerves, at least, are of
the hardest and the toughest. I am no more to be
moved from my propriety by clamor and menace
from the South, than by denunciation and fanat-
icism from the North or the West. Standing
here, I repeat it, an armed neutral in the midst of
this conflict of sections, I propose, in all humility,
but in all justice, to hold even and impartial the
scales between them. I have spoken freely and
plainly, but have spoken justly and truly, f have
not sought to conceal the evil which afflicts us;
still less to exaggerate it, but only to exhibit it just
as it is; for be assured, be assured there is no
medicine nor surgery which can heal it, without
the utmost disclosure and knowledge of the true
cause and character and extent of the disease. 1
have spoken briefly of the present evil state of
public sentiment in the North and the West; m
Ohio, my own native State. Yet, mother as she is,
I have sought rather to imitate, not the rude and
obscene behavior of Ham, but the filial piety and
modesty of the elder sons of the patriarch when
mellowed with wine, and quietly, with averted
eye to cover her. nakedness with the mantle of
silence. Yet, as a Representative here in this
Chamber, I have a duty to perform for the whole
country, for the sake of the Constitution, for the
perpetuity of the Union, and as its last hope.
I know well, indeed, that much that I have said
to-day, will here, as elsewhere, be denounced as
pro-slavery. Eeitso. I have heard that too often,
already, to feel the slightestapprehension or alarm;
but I tell you, gentlemen, as a thousand times I
have toldmose who sent me here, that:—If to love
my country, to revere the Constitution, to cherish
the Union; if to abhor the madness and hate the
treason which would lift up a sacrilegious hand
against either; if to read that in the past, to behold
it in the present, to foresee it m the future of this
land, which is of more value to us and to the world
for ages to come than all the multiplied millions
who have inhabited Africa from the creation to this
day—if this it is to be pro-slavery, then in every
nerve, fiber, vein, bone, tendon, joint, and liga-
ment, from the topmost hair of the head to the
last extremity of the foot, I am all over and alto-
gether a pro-slavery man. [Applause from the
Democratic benches and the galleries.]
RESISTANCE TO BLACK REPUBLICAN DOMIN-
ATION.
SPEECH OF HON. O. E. SINGLETON,
01? MISSISSIPPI,
In the House of Representativ
December 19, 1859.
Mr. SINGLETON said:
Mr. Clerk: Up to this point, in the exciting
discussion which has been going on since we first
came together, I have maintained an unbroken
silence, and I regret the necessity, which I feel
rests upon me to-day, to depart from my original
determination, to take no part in it. But, sir, there
are times and occasions, when words are spoken
and charge^ire preferred, when, to remain silent
[ves,
would be to acquiesce in those charges, and would
be considered as a tacit acknowledgment of their
truth. It seems to have been the purpose of the
Republican party, together with the newspaper
press which sustains it in its crusade against
the South, to throw the blame of the non-organ-
ization of this House upon my section. And not
satisfied, sir, with this charge, not satisfied with
attempting to cast odium upon us as a section,
it has even been thrown out by Representatives
upon this floor, and especially by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] who spoke
a few days since, that there has not been a single
compromise entered into, nor a single compact
agreed upon by the North and South, touching the
question of slavery, that has net been violated by
the latter. Now, sir, if the gentleman had been
half as anxious to enlighten his own judgment
upon this subject, and to impart correct informa-
tion to his constituents, as he seems to be to cast
reproach upon the South, he would never have
made this declaration. Here, in behalf of those
I represent, and I may say in behalf of the whole
South, I interpose a flat denial to that statement,
and I charge, upon the other hand, that precisely
the reverse of that proposition is true. It is a
well-known fact that the South, for the last thirty
years, ever since the slavery agitation commenced
in Congress, has been in a minority; and if her
Representatives had been ever so much inclined
to force upon the North any unjust legislation, or
to violate the Constitution in its letter or spirit,
they have not had the power to do it. On the
contrary, sir, it has been a constant struggle on
her part for existence. Shn has been driven to
the wall time and again. Year after year have
you kept up this agitation and excitement, and
while she has retreated from one position to
another, almost to her disgrace, you now make
the charges upon us that we have kept up agitation,
and that we have been guilty of violating pledges
given or compromises entered into. For one, I
am not willing that a party, who has created a
storm in this country that now threatens, like
the wing of the tempest, to desolate the land from
one end to the other, and to overthrow all our insti-
tutions, shall shift the responsibility from their
shoulders and place it upon those who are inno-
cent. It is very much like the incendiary who
applies the torch to your dwelling, and when you
discover that it is wrapped in flames, and reproach
him with the deed, charges you with disturbing
unnecessarily the peace and tranquillity of your
neighbors.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, in the course
of his remarks, alluded to the provisions m the
Constitution touching the question of slavery, and
seemed to complain that some advantages accrued
to the South from them. There are but three of
them and they are simple in their character. The
first is, that which entitles us to three-fifth repre-
sentation of our slave population upon this floor.
I ask you, do you expect us to take less than
this ? Is it not a clause contained in the Consti-
tution, made by your fathers and by ours ? And
is it to he expected that we shall consent to re-
linquish this representation. That constitutional
provision may be offensive to you; you may not
approve of it; but it is there, and we will never
consent that it shall be taken out. We have asked
nothing more than the letter of the bond. We
are willing to take nothing less. And whenever
you undertake to violate that provision of the
Constitution, and prevent us from having that rep-
resentation, you have at once put an end to the
compact that binds us together.
It is known to all of us that the slavery ques-
tion was one of the most difficult of settlement in
/the convention which framed the Constitution;
but, after a long and anxious debate, when a vote
was taken there was not found a single dissent-
ing voice upon the adoption of this clause. Again,
I say, we have never asked more than we were
entitled to under that provision, and surely as men
who know the value of their rights, you will never
expect us to submit to anything less. There is,
therefore, no cause of complaint in this quarter.
There is another provision to which the gentle-
man referred, and that is the clause which gives
us the right to reclaim our fugitive slaves, when
they escape into free States. Are you willing
that wg snail have that provision of our Consti-
tution carried out? If not, you cast reproach upon
your ancestors; for, let me tell you, that when
this clause came to be acted upon,it toometwith
the unanimous support of the convention. We
did ask at the hands of Congress, and did receive,
in 1790, a law which authorized us to reclaim our
fugitive slaves when they escaped into your bor-
ders. That law remained upon the statute-book
from that day until 1850, when it was thought
right and proper to amend it in some respects.
The law of 1850 was substituted for the one of
1790. I ask you if there is anything in that law
which goes beyond the provisions of the Consti-
tution ? If we are entitled to a law at all, it must
be an efficient fugitive slave law, as was said by
thegentlemanfromOhio, [Mr. Corwin,] the other
day; and I give him credit for the manly ground
lie took upon that question. I ask, in all candor,
is not this reasonable ? Have we demanded any-
thing which wc are not entitled to? Has there
been any aggression by the South upon the North,
in asking not only that you pass this law, but
that you shall stand by it, whenever necessary,
in its enforcement?
But the gentleman referred also to that clause
of the Constitution which looked to the prospect-
ive abolition of the slave trade, and seemed to
meet that question precisely as though it was the
duty of Congress to pass a law to prevent the in-
gress of Africans after 1808 into this country. If
he will examine the Constitution, he will find that
provision does not make it imperative upon Con-
gress to legislate at all upon the subject. If Con-
gress has any right to legislate upon the subject,
it has that right only by implication, and it may
exercise it if deemed proper and expedient; but
certainly is under no compulsion so to do. Let
me turn to that clause of the Constitution:
" The migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808;
but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not
exceeding ten dollars for each person."
Now, is it to be supposed, after reading that
clause, that it was the absolute duty of Congress
to pass any such law? But such was the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] the other day. The power of Congress
upon that subject, is atmostbutdiscretionary. In
its discretion, it did pass the laws now in force;
and in the exercise of that same discretion, it may
repeal them, and allow slaves to be imported pre-
cisely as they were before any law was placed
upon the statute-book.
The gentleman says there is a movement at the
South for the purpose of repealing all laws upon
this subject. I agree that there is a growing sen-
timent in that direction, and it all results from the
fact that in the North you are concentrating and
focalizing all your efforts for the purpose of put-
ting down the institution of slavery. Struggling,
as the South is, for existence, and determined not
to go down if she can avoid it, you will find men
there who believe that the opening of the slave
trade will redound to the interest of the South,
and perhaps is necessary to save that institution
from destruction and overthrow. There has as
yet been no movement upon the part of the South,
looking to a repeal of those laws, so far as either
branch of Congress is concerned. I will not ven-
ture an opinion whether any such movement will
be made or not.
So far, therefore, as the provisions of the Con-
stitution are concerned, let me ask you to divest
yourselves of your prejudices, and tell me when
the South has ever demanded anything to which
she was not entitled? What provision of the
Constitution has she undertaken to violate? Has
she ever asked that she should have more than
three-fifth representation for her slaves upon this
floor? Has she ever asked anything more than
an efficient law for the reclamation of fugitive
slaves ? Has she asked you to pass any offensive
law in regard to the slave trade ? If all this be
true, then I ask why do gentlemen charge that
the South has not kept faith in the observance of
the compacts of the Constitution ? I call upon
gentlemen to take back that charge. They cannot
sustain themselves upon it before the country.
But the gentleman referred to the Missouri com-
promise act, and undertakes to make it appear
that the South has been guilty of a breach of good
