470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ident's inconsistency on the question of slavery
as connected with the Territories, and the north-
western Democracy pledged to a slave code for
the Territories, without replying. I have no no-
tion, as one northwestern Democrat, whatever
may be the feelings of others, that popular sover-
eignty shall be knocked on the head here, so that it
can be the more easily killed off at Charleston ,%vith-
out at least making an effort to parry the blow.
I do not mean to remain silent and then have that
silence construed into an acquiescence of the con-
struction given to the Cincinnati platform by cer-
tain southern gentlemen.
Mr. HUTCHINSresumedthefloor, but yielded
it to
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, who moved that
the House adjourn. •
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes after four o'clock, p m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 17, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gitrlet.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, of March 7, 1859, copies of contracts and
correspondence relating to the removal of obstruc-
tions at the mouths of the Mississippi river;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate of February 4, 1859,
Major Barnard's essay on the Dangers and
Defenses of New York; which, on motion of
Mr. Seward, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia; and a motion by
him to print it, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
I'ETTTTONS AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHESNtJT presented the memorial of
Ferdinand Coxe, praying an allowance of outfit
due him as charged 'affaires ad interim at the Court
of Brazil: which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
Alexandria and Washington Railroad Company,
praying the right of way over the Potomac biidge;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
citizens of Michigan, praying the construction of
a harbor of refuge at the mouth of Grand river,
on Lake Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Legislature of the.
State ot Alabama, in favor of the establishment of an aim-
ory tor the manufacture of cannon and other arms m that
State, on the files of the Senate, be refened to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph C. G. Ivannedy,
praying indemnification for damage to buildings belonging
to tiling done while they weie u^ed by tin; Government, on
the files of the Senate, be referied to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Oulrred, That the memouai of Joseph 0. G. Kennedy,
praying a repeal of the joint u^olution of December 23,
telative to the sal.uy of the serrctaiy of the census
board, on the files of tii.> Senate, be refeired to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Otway H. Bern man,
praying to be allowed an amount equal to the balance found
agamHluin, on the settlement of hid accounts as acting
pui-ser, on the files of the Senate, be refeired to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of David D. Porter, praying
payment of the claim ot'liis father, Commodoie David Pol-
)er, against the Mexican Government, for service* in the
navy of that country, out of the Mvxican indemnity fund
or otherwise, on the files oi the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS Oh" COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 3) to provide for the payment of certain
volunteer troops, called into service by the Gov-
ernor of the State of Texas, for the protection of
the frontier of said State, and to reimburse said
State the amount advanced by her on account
thereof, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S.No. 18) making appropri-
ations for the support of one regiment of Texas
mounted volunteers, authorized by the act of Con-
gress, approved 7th April, 1858, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
Edward N. Kent, praying compensation for the
use of his invention for separating gold from for-
eign substances', submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a memo-
rial of the Trustees of Public Schools of the city
of "Washington, and two memorials of citizens of
"Washington praying a grant of land or a dona-
tion from the public Treasury, to aid in the sup-
port of the public schools in that city, reported a
bill (S. No. 76) for the benefit of public schools
in the city of Washington; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 4) to allow a credit to certain disbursing
officers therein mentioned, reported it without
amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. f>) concerning sea-
men, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 39) for the relief of
Simon de Vissor and Jose Villarubia, of New Or-
leans, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Richard Chencry, of
San Francisco, California, praying payment for
the construction of a granite pavement in front of
the United States custom-house at San Francisco,
reported a bill (S. No. 77) for the relief of Rich-
ard Chenery; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Francis Hvittmann,
praying the return of tonnage and light duties ex-
acted and paid by him on Peruvian, Danish, and
German vessels, reported a bill (S. No. 78) for the
relief of Francis Huttmann; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Tench Tilghman, pray-
ing remuneration for losses sustained by him m
consequence of his appointment to a consulate
which was abolished by the Spanish Government
while he was on his way to take charge of the
same, reported a bill (S. No. 79) for the relief of
Tench Tilghman; which was read.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the select committee to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 50) to prohibit
the issue of bank notes by corporations, associa-
tions, or individuals, within the District of Co-
lumbia, and further to prevent the circulation of
bank notes issued by any incorporated company
or association of individuals located beyond the j
limits of the District of Columbia of a less de- j
nomination than twenty dollars, reported it with- j
out amendment, and submitted a report on the i
subject accompanied by the following resolution- !
Resolved, That it inexpedient to authorize the o<tab- j
li&hment, either by general or special laws, of banks of i
is&ne in the District of Columbia. j
The report was ordered to be printed. !
BILLS INTRODUCED. |
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con- i;
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 75) S
supplementary to " An act to hmit the liability of
shipowners, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1851; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 73) for the relief of Mrs. Anne M.
Smith, widow of the late Brevet Major General
Persifer F. Smith; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
80) for the relief of Jeremiah Moors; which was
read twice by its title, and referred, with his pe-
tition and papers on file, to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
81) for the relief of Elizabeth M. Cocke, widow •
of Major James H. Cocke, late marshal of the
district of Texas; which was read twice by its
title, and referred, with the papers on file, to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LANE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 82) to amend the fourth section of the act for
the admission of Oregon into the Union, so as to
extend the time for selecting salt springs and con-
tiguous lands in Oregon; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 83) to
authorize an increase of pension to Joseph v cr-
biski; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred, with his petition and papers on file, to the
Committee on Pensions.
INVASION 03? STATES.
Mr. GREEN. A bill was introduced yester-
day by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Big-
ler,] upon what I regard as a very important
matter. The object of it is to suppress the inva-
sion of one State by citizens and combinations
from others. With the concurrence of the Senate,
1 move that it be printed.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Was the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. GREEN. The bill was introduced and
referred to the select committee on the Harper's
Ferry matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move the printing of the bill ?
Mr. GKEEN. Yes, sir; I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill giving the consent of Con-
gress to any act which may be passed by the Le-
gislature of the State of Alabama, authorizing the
municipal authorities of the city of Mobile to
enforce a duty on tonnage of vessels in the port of
Mobile, for the improvement of the harbor,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to give me a few minutes before the time
fixed for the election of a Public Painter, to make
a very brief personal explanation, which I very
seldom do, and would not do on my own account;
but it seems to me just to do it in deference to the
position of my party friends. I find in the east-
ern and western newspapers almost without dis-
tinction of party, this paragraph:
"Mr. Brown, Democrats Senator from Mississippi, in
debate a few days since, said that.tho southern people' be-
lieved that slavery elevated the negro. Four million slaves
occupied a higher position, morally, pocially, and physic-
ally, than any other laborers on the* globe.' "
Now, sir, C said no such thing; but paragraphs
like that get into the newspapers and make their
impression upon the public mind. While I am
not at all afraid myself of any impression they
may make against me—because if every man. at
tho North who thinks well of mc were to abandon
me, there would be but a very small squad going
off—yet I am not willing that it shall be charged
against my sectien that one of her representatives
on this floor had given utterance to any such sen-
timent. On the third of this month, (January,)
while the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.DooLiT-
tle] was occupying the floor, I did use this lan-
guage:
" By the permission of the Senatoi fiom Wisconsin, I beg
his attention to this precise point. I am one of those who
announced, more than ten years ago, that I regarded shivery
as u great moral, social, and political blessing; that it was
the normal condition of the negro race; and now, with the
indulgence of the Senator, I will give him, veiy briefly, the
reasons why I thought fo.
(l Mr. Doom it-e. That is not so material.
