1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, in compliance ivith a resolution of the Sen-
ate, of the 28th of February, in reference to the
uniform or costume of persons in the diplomatic
or consular service.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those papers be
laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed ta.
Mr. POLK. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlprll 2, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETERS, MOORE & CO.
Mr. PARROTT. I ask leave of the House to
withdraw the papers in the case of Peters, Moore
& Co., for the purpose of referring them to the
Court of Claims.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask whether these papers
have not been passed upon by a committee of the
House, and decided adversely ?
Mr. PARROTT. I understand not; butl would
not be certain as to that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If they have been consid-
ered by a committee of this House and decided
against, I should doubt the propriety of their being
withdrawn, unless there is some special reason
for it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to in-
terpose an objection to everything that is not in
order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Very well; that cuts off
the gentleman's request, of course.
Mr. PARROTT. I will say that this is an old
case. The parties live in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, I believe. They are not my constituents.
I merely made the request at the instance of a gen-
tleman.
The SPEAKER. The papers cannot be with-
drawn, objection being made
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Under the rule of the House, the committees
were then called in their order, for reports for
reference to a Committee of the Whole House
alone.
JEREMIAH MOORS.
Mr. WASHBURNE,ofIHinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported back an act (S.
No. 80) for the relief of Jeremiah Moors; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
NEW YORK HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. ELIOT presented a bill to remove obstruc-
tions m the navigation at Hell Gate, in the East
river, opposite the city of New York; and a bill
for the improvement of Harlem river and Spuy-
ten Duyvel creek, in the county of New York;
and moved that they be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to
everything except the reception of reports of com-
mittees for reference.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well; I withdraw the bills.
MILWAUKEE LIGHT-HOUSE.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to ask that certain papers be-
fore them in relation to Milwaukee light-house
be printed
There being no objection, the order to print
was made
TENNESSEE AND KENTUCKY SERVICES.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill directory to the Secretary
of War respecting certain services in Tennessee
and Kentucky, which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
POINT COUPEE.
Mr. THAYER,from the same committee, also
reported back an act (S. No. 258) to grant to the
parish of Point Coupee, Louisiana, a certain tract
of land in said parish, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
OREGON INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, also
reported back an act (S. No. 142) to secure the right
of preemption to certain settlers on lands tempo-
rarily occupied as an Indian reservation in Ore-
gon ; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House,and,with the report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to enter a motion to re-
consider the vote by which that bill was referred.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, no motion
to reconsider can be made.
HOSPITAL IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back a bill to incor-
porate the regents of a general hospital for the
District of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report, ordered to bo printed.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill. The bill
is reported because the resolution under which it
was drafted was supposed to be obligatory in its
character; but the general sentiment of the com-
mittee is, that the bill should not pass. It is a bill
to amend an actentitlcd " An act to prescribe the
mode of obtaining evidence in cases of contested
election," approved February 19,1851.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] makes objection, and the bill
can only come in for reference under the rules.
Mr. HICKMAN. Let the bill be referred,
then.
The bill was read a first and second time re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be piinted.
APPEALS FROM CIRCUIT COURTS.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to extend the right of
appeal from the decisions of circuit courts to the
Supreme Court of the Unitcxl States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ILLINOIS SOUTHERN JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back House bill No. 116, to
attach the counties of Peoria, Woodford, Liv-
ingston, Iroquois, and Marshall, in the 8tate of
Illinois, to the southern judicial district of said
State, with the recommendation thatit do not pass;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
BERIAH BROWN.
Mr. PORTER. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to report adversely upon the
petition of Beriah Brown and others, of Wiscon-
sin. I move that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of that case, and
that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to that,
as it does not come within the provisions of the
rule.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
report cannot be received.
JOHN HOPPER.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of John Hopper, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
CAROLINE GOLDING.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I am directed by the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims to make an
adverse report in the case of Caroline Golding,
for the amount of land scrip to which she is enti-
tled. ,
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; and as
the report proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia does not come within the provisions of the
rule, it cannot be entertained.
LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO. ^
Mr. KENYON, from the Committee on. Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back House bill No.
195, to confirm certain land claims in the Territory
of New Mexico, with the recommendation that it
do pass; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
FRANCIS LAVONTURE AND PIERRE GRIGNON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
Francis Lavonture and Pierre Grignon; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying leport, ordered to be printed.
BOARD OE FOREIGN MISSIONS.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report back Senate
bill No. 71, for the relief of the American Board
of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. It only
authorizes that board to expend money for re-
pairs, which it cannot do now, because of a cer-
tain article of a treaty referred to.
The SPEAKER. The report can only be re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
Mr. BARR. I hope that there will be no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object; as I
will continue to object to everything not in order.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Then let the bill be re-
ferred.
The biSl was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
INDIAN AGENCIES.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to establish two In-
dian agencies m Nebraska Territory, and one in
the Territory of New Mexico; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
VALENTINE WEIIIUIEIM.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back Senate bill No. 221, for
the relief of Valentine Wchrheim, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass; which was referied
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
PIIINEAS G. PEARSON.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back House bill No. 100, for the relief of
Phineas G. Pearson, with the recommendation
that it do pass; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
JOnN PUROELL.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported back House bill No. 101, granting an in-
valid pension to John Purcell, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
THOMAS W. PIIELPS.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee,also
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas W. Phelps;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HARRIET S. WYMAN.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Harriet S.
Wyman; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FENTON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions to make sundry adverse
reports.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, they
cannot be received.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
