THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
they may call upon every adverse claimant to
show his title; and if he claims under another
Spanish grant or French grant, either prior or
subsequent in date, and there be a defect in that
grant, then these claimants,armed with our title,
will turn that settler off, neck and heels; and if he
be a person who entered by mistake under the
preemption law, supposing he had a right 16 go
thither, then they will turn him off because they
are armed with the title of the United States.
That is the act of 1858, and that is why the com-
mittee-propose to repeal it.
I said that the repeal of the act of 1858 did not
touch the original Houmas claim. That is the
point for which I chiefly rose, and I propose to
establish it. Observe that the title which they
now claim under Unzaga in the first instance,
and under Galvez in the second, is a title anterior
to the cession of Louisiana to the United States.
It was not an inchoate title. Whatever it was in
extent, it was a perfect title. There was no con-
dition left in it. There was a survey under it.
The question is, what were the boundaries of that
survey; what were the boundaries of the grant;
that is all. The title, whatever it is, was perfect
before the cession. Now what does the treaty of
cession say? X omit'the preamble which states
the'causes why the First Consul of the French
Republic ceded to us all the title which France
had acquired from Spain under the treaty therein
named; the treaty made the 1st of October, 1800.
Here is the second article of our treaty:
"In the cession made by the preceding article are in-
eluded the adjacent islands belonging to Louisiana, alt
public lots and squares, vacant land*, and fill public build-
ings, fortifications, barracks, and other edifices which aie
not private property."
France neverceded to us any private property;
she never ceded to us the Houmas title, nor the
lands covered by it; she ceded nothing but public
property; she did not presume to hand over to us
any control over the Houmas grant. Therefore,
if the title of these people was good, the treaty
saved it. But that is not all: the third article
says:
"The inhabitants of the ceded ten-itory shall be incor-
porated in the Union of the United States, and admitted as
soon as possible, according to the principles of the Federal
Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United Btatcs; and in
the mean time they shall be maintained anil protected in
the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, und the reli-
gion which they profess." '
If the Houmas title be good, according to the
limits claimcd for it, it is sanctioned and protected
by the treaty, and needs no act of' Congress to
confirm it; and no act of Congress can take it
•away. I may be asked, then, why did Congress
ever legislate ? That induces me to call the at-
tention of the Senate for a moment to the language
of the act of 1805, which was the act to asceitam
and settle private land claims in Orleans Territory
—the first one. The fourth section provides
"That every person claiming lands in the above men
turned territories by virtue ot' any legal Frcnch 01 Spanish
grant, made and completed before the 1st day of October,
1800, and during the time the Government which made such
grant had the actual possession ol' the territories, m«i/, ami
every person claiming lands in the said teriitoiies b'y vir-
tue of the first two sections of tins act, or by virtue of any
grant or incomplete title, bearing date subsequent to the
1st day of October, 1800,sA«ii,hetore tile 1st day of March,
1806, delivei to the legistei of the land oflice, or recoider of
land titles, within who<e diftrict the land may be, a noiiec,
in writing, stating the nature and extent ot his claims, to-
gether with a plat of tile tiact or tracts claimed."
The owner of an inchoate title was compelled
to make his claim; the owner of a perfect title
might make it or not, at his own pleasure. Con-
gress never compelled the Houmas claimants to
come in under that law at all. TUey came in of
their own will. Here is the difference: the title
being perfect under the Spanish Government or
the French Government, it was already protected
by the treaty. All that Congress said to these peo-
ple by the act of 1805 was this: '' To save you the
trouble of continual litigation, and to establish
your boundaries as agamst other claimants, or as
against me, who am the owner of the residue not
covered by any private claim, I will constitute a
special board of arbitrators, and they shall hear
your case ; and then, within certain limits which
I propose, shall make a final decision by which I
will be bound; and, being so bound, I will give
you a patent under the great seal of the United
States, which shall bethemunimentof yourtitle."
The patent added no validity to the title; it only
added a'new evidence. That was the objectof the
law in the case of perfect titles. In the case of
imperfect titles, where by non-performance of
some condition, where by the failure of some pro-
vision, the party was at the mercy of the sover-
eign, and could not assert any legal right, but
appealed only to his bounty or his magnanimity,
the Government of the United States, which now
became proprietor, said: " Present me your claim,
and allow me to consider it, and if I think well of
it, 1 will confirm your grant and waive the con-
ditions,or setaside the forfeiture for non-perform-
ance, and will give you also a patent."
The first objection I have to the Houmas claim-
ants is that they never pursued that law at all.
They presented their claim; but how ? Did they
first present the grant from Unzaga, which was
itself a separate and isolated thing ? If they had
so presented it, that would have been confirmed at
once; and, being so confirmed by the commission-
ers, the amendatory act of 1807 provided that that
confirmation should be complete and final, with-
out the intervention of Congress, and they would
have had their patent for thai. Then they should
have presented this second concession, the grant
from Galvez, because it was wholly separate from
the first grant, and I will show that Congress con-
sidered it to be separate, for although this act was
passed in 1805, the board did not get fairly into
operation until the amendatory act of 1806, and
that act made special provision for the examina-
tion of this class of cases, involving claims to back
land. Here is the fifth section. I read only a par-
agraph : „
" it shall likewise be the duty of the said commissioners
to inquire into the nature and extent of the claims which
may arise from a right, or supposed right, to a double or
additional concession on the back of grants or concessions
heretotorc made, or from grants or concessions heretofore
made to minors, and not embiaced by the provisions of this
act, or from grants or concessions made by the Spanish
Government, subsequent to the 1st day of April, 1800, for
lands wlncil were actually settled arid inhabited on the 20th
day of Deceinbei, 1803, and to make a special report thereon
to the Secretary of the Treasuiy; which repoit shall be by
him laid before Congress at their next ensuing session, and
the lands which may be embraced bysuch repoit, shall not
be otherwise disposed of until a decision of Congress shall
have been had theieupon."
Was the claim presented according to th^t law ?
The first branch of it—the grant from Unzaga—
was properly to be presented under the act of 1805;
and being a complete title of itself, a patent would
have followed, without the intervention of Con-
gress, by means of the actof 1807; but this grant
now under consideration being of a character
which Congress intended to take out of the
ordinary course of proceedings; and to make the
subject of a special report for spccial action by
Congress, these persons never did pursue that
course. Instead of dividing the grant in that
way, they divided it in front, splitting the front
on the Mississippi into three parts, preferring it
in three different separate claims, each by a dif-
ferent individual.
So, I say that, to begin with, they have never
had a legal confirmation by the board of commis-
sioners; and the area of the whole grant being
more than a league square, the act of 1807 pro-
vided that a repoit should be made to Congress
for confirmation, and Congress never confirmed
it. Congress refused to confirm it. The rec-
ord of these decisions is in the American State Pa-
pery covering hundreds of pages. Congress, from
time to time, in fact in 1811, acted upon that re-
port, and went on and confirmed a vast number
of titles; but it did not confirm the Houmas tract.
The application was made by the heirs of Wade
Hampton to Congress to confirm the grant, and
Congress refused it. Then they went to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, Mr. Bibb, and persuaded
him that the act of 1811 authorized him to issue
a patent, and he did issue a patent; but the mo-
ment it came to the knowledge of Congress, a
Senator from Louisiana proposed a joint resolu-
tion, which passed both Houses of Congress, re-
quiring the Attorney General of the United States
to examine the claim, and to give his opinion upon
it. Mr. Clifford examined it, and gave his opin-
ion; and, iu pursuance of the joint resolution of
Congress, he instituted an action—whether it was
under the code of Louisiana, or under the general
principles of equity, is not material—instituted a
suit against the Houmas claimants to compel them
to deliver up these patents to be canceled. The
case was tried, and decided by Judge Campbell.
Ho decided that, the patents were void, and the
parties should surrender them. They have not
appealed. They have submitted. They have not
taken the case to the Supreme Court of the United
States. They have abided by the decision of
Judge Campbell. Then they came to Congress
in the year 1856. Now, let us trace it in Con-
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk] had a
bill in the Senate to confirm ecrtain private land
claims in the State of Missouri. In the original
bill the names of the claimants were in the title—
not merely in the body of the bill, but in the title
—not all of them, but several of them. I have
not the bill here,but itwas to confirm the title of
A, B, C, D, and others, to certain land in Mis-
souri. That bill, having been twice read, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
There was no petition from the owners of the
Houmas claim. Nothinghadbeen heard of them
since Judge Campbell's decision; but the bill came
back from the Committee on Private Land Claims
with the addition of the second, third, and other
sections. What are these sections? Seehowthe
second section is expressed:
"Sec.2. Jindbeit further enacted, That the decisions in
favor of land claimants made by P. Grimes, Josiiua Lewis,
and Thomas 11. Robertson, commissioners appointed to
adjust puvate land claims in the eastern district of the Ter-
ntory of Orleans, communicated to the House of Repre-
sentatives by the Secretary of the Treasury, on the 9th day
of January, 1812, and which is [are] found in the American
State i'apers, Public Lands, (Duff Green's edition,) volume
two, from page 2-2-1 to 367, inclusive, bo, and the same are
hereby, confirmed; saving and reserving, liowevei, to all
adverse claimants the right to asseit the validity of their
claims in a court or courts of justice: Provided, however,
That any claim so recommended for conliimation, but
which may have been rejected, in whole or in pait, by any
subsequent board of commissioners, be, and the same is
hereby, specially excepted from confirmation."
The first section of the bill covering the cases
in Missouri specified the names of the parties.
Any man could tell what was meant there. But
the second section confirms all private land claims
recorded in Duff Green's edition of the State Pa-
pers from page 224 to page 367 inclusive; and
which were they ? I have not been able to ascer-
tain; but there is among the papers a letterfrom
the surveyor general of Louisiana to the General
Land Office, in which he says, that when he came
to execute this law he found that all the claims
mentioned in these pages had been confirmed 1 ong
ago, except the Houmas claim and a few others
of the same character. That may not be true,
but that was his statement; and he asked the
advice of the Land Office upon it.
What I mean by that is not to make any re-
flection upon the Committee on Private Land
Claims. None in the world; but whilst I appre-
ciate, and, I trust, can admire, the reasons which
the Senator from Louisiana says influenced him
in attempting to drive the United States, as a
landed proprietor, out of the State of Louisiana;
whilst I do not mean to call that in question, I
put this inquiry: were the terms of the bill, and
the manner in which it was introduced, such as
to put upon their inquiry those parties who, after
a struggleof fifty years m Congiess, in the courts
of Louisiana and in the courts of the United
States, had defeated the Houmas claimants at
every turn? 1 think not. Frankly,I think not.
The Senator accompanied that by a report. I
have read his report. It is a very able document
I do him the credit to say that; but frankly, after
having read his report, unless I had known some-
thing of the Houmas claim, I should have been
just as I was at the time this law was passed—
wholly ignorant of what was to be accomplished.
It wentfrom here into the other House. After it
had been amended, and put upon its third reading,
and read the third time, then the title was altered;
and now it is, "An act to provide for the location
of certain confirmed private land claims in the State
of Missouri, and for other purposes." It started
as a bill to confirm the title of Manuel Leisa and
various other persons, by name. After the action
of the Senate was completed, the title was changed
to the general words 1 have mentioned, but yet the
name of the State of Louisiana does not appear.
That there may be no mistake, I repeat that it
is not my purpose to say a single word that, by
the remotest implication, or by themostprejudiced
mind, can be tortured into an insinuation on the
character or the motives of a single gentleman of
the Committee on Private Land Claims. They
may not have seen, and probably did not see, in
that action, that whilst they were pursuing what
